well first of all I think we have to
turn it into a teaching moment I'm fine
I'm worried about all the people out
there who don't have a circle of friends
and followers who come right to their
defense the person who's walking down
the street minding their own business
and they see somebody cling to their
purse or walk across the street I want
to mention that Bob Iger who's a CEO
Disney called me before the announcement
he apologized he said that he had zero
tolerance for that sort of racist
bigoted comment and he wanted me to know
before he made it public that he was
cancelling his show and so I appreciate
that man good for Bob Iger and I just
got to say Bob that was extraordinarily
important first of all it was and
secondly no matter what Nick confessori
says about the last Jedi who is an
extraordinary film and you don't listen
to the critics Rian Johnson did an
extraordinary job moving that series
that was Valerie Jarrett on last night's
end message sorry I had to do that for
my sign not that Star Wars II that it
was a good oh I totally disagree I was
told me it was classics do you want to
yeah oh I'm yes
2424 Jackson's 25th so we took Jack I
gotta say and yes we are gonna talk
about America because it's the most
important thing but number two versus
our first I will say I was shocked it so
and I will tell you when solo and Lando
got together boom it clicked and I do
you think this is give us the beginning
is the beginning man Wow Nick what's to
finish no no no I think we should talk
about national issues like it's like
racism in America it's not Rwanda but
it's great guy was going dear do your
son's like Star Wars of course so you
can you guys know I just haven't seen
solo I've seen everything else somebody
know what are your son say about seven
and eight cuz we love it about seven in
that last you know really like them
really
I can tell by your yet never seen one
store mythology
I actually thought seven eight but it is
the middle of the trilogy so you've got
a you know if there's a certain in
conclusion at the end right I mean it
still there's an ambiguity at the end
but the message an eight is we have
everything so you can't get that time
you know what the message is kids mm-hmm
it's the it's the democratization of
Star Wars we don't need Jedi's anymore
even kids sweeping in a other outer
edges of the universe can be a part of
the resistance because first here on the
table though we don't have any room
right where spaceships a solo Hondo
shoot first a lot more about Star Wars
makes this is awesome alright let's go
now to the most important thing and I'm
sorry that we could delayed this very
few guys can't get that we don't want it
back in fact we're all going to see some
below at 9:05 House correspondent for
PBS Newshour iam Misha
Allison Doren Pulitzer prize-winning
historian and author of the bestseller
the soul of America the battle for our
better angels he is the soul of America
Jon Meacham we want to ask John about
Star Wars because he was writing his
fourth book on Shay's rebellion and the
french-indian war reboot the reboot of
Shay's rebellion is gonna be good get
ready was gonna be emerging well will it
will ease Willie's been supportive just
gonna be excited Shay's rebellion this
time it's personal
so you me SH I
you know I guess we're praising ABC for
what they did and how quickly they moved
it was great that they called Valerie
Jarrett at the same time a lot of people
here's the Daily News cover of Roseanne
dressed as a Nazi a lot of other people
who say I don't praise him so fast
because they knew what they were getting
that where do you fall in that debate I
mean I think that the SADC knew that
they were getting someone that was
provocative
they knew that they were getting someone
else robably gonna make headlines and
make some people uncomfortable the show
itself even though I didn't watch it
there when I would read stories about it
it would be about the fact that she
didn't like her Muslim neighbors and
there was some kind of back and forth on
whether or not that was an appropriate
way to talk about those issues in the
show the point is that in this case she
not only picked a pretty racist tweet
she also picked someone who has a lot of
sway and has a lot of power Valerie
Jarrett if you're gonna be racist that's
the wrong person to pick to talk about
Valerie Jerry ously apart from obviously
being an advisor to the Obama she's also
someone who was just still I think a
player in Washington someone who a lot
of people respect and as a result she's
not gonna just be maybe some some person
that you that you see on the internet
who you could kind of throw racist
things out but maybe doesn't have the
power to fight back so what I think we
saw what's Roseanne thinking okay well I
can be a little bit more I can I can
tweak this and be a little bit more
provocative than usual because now I
have the number one rated show and I
have all this kind of cachet and what
she found out was that racism in America
in 2018 sometimes still gets you fired
not all the time but sometimes and how
wonderful that even in the age of Trump
there are lines there are still exactly
I mean you know Wow let's talk about
another tweet she did yesterday in a
head yes we want to focus with a Laurie
because we we lost Valerie's a great
friend of ours but I think you me she's
right if she had just attacked George
Soros and made the absolutely equally
contemptible claim to George Soros
idiots killed Jews and worked for the
Nazis and that's the sort of lie that
then it's allowed to fester and
throughout therefore you know had she
not gone after Valerie mm-hmm then
George Soros would have had to absorb
this again and again I'm sure that
George Soros has funded causes to try to
feed me when I ran for cock don't care
if we don't treat people that way in
this country no we don't this is a this
is a blood libel against George Soros
that you know gained traction just like
being totally false in the sort of you
know far far right-wing paranoid fringe
and it's kind of out there and that's
where Rosanna lives these days she's out
there on that fringe and so you know
without the Valerie Jarrett free to eat
you would have seen all this other stuff
and if you were an ABC executive I hope
you would have recognized that you have
you know you start out there who was
saying write one deeply offensive things
at number two it's going to continue
because this is not the first time this
is a continuing pattern yeah so I hope
they would feel they had had a decision
to make that might not have made it as
promptly as they did with the guarantee
so clearly across the world I understand
the chance they were taking in the
creation of the show which is a bigger
conversation I remember having a
conversation with some ABC executives
that they were working very hard to
contain her because realize they had a
problem but they wanted the show to be
representative of a different sides of
the country and they didn't think they
were doing something important I yes and
I really do understand what they were
trying to do so I think it was a great
move yesterday the the thing that sort
of is the background of all of this is
that the president can be racist and
nothing happens to him we could imagine
the next steps in the rosenhan had they
not done yeah you know advisors will
advertisers rather would have pulled out
you know Jon Meacham so this goes right
to the heart and I mean it's a mess all
of America
and I want to talk about another pop
culture moment this year Mika and I
watched homeland and it was an
extraordinary season and the
extraordinary thing about homeland is
how realistic it is there was one moment
though that did not ring true to me and
it sort of reminds me of where we are
right here and it was after an FBI agent
had been shot along with some
survivalists and the the wife of the FBI
agent who had been killed in this sort
of Ruby Ridge scenario where the town
was all ginned up
she walked halfway down the aisle there
was a black woman in an all-white church
and everybody turned around and started
sort of hissing at her and shouting at
her and I said to Mike I said you know
what that doesn't ring true because
that's not who we are as a country we
could say awful things online we can
even protest but a woman coming to mourn
her husband is going to be embraced by
any community in America and sure enough
the homeland writers true to form had
the mother of the sort of survivalist
leader go up hold the woman's hands
bring her to the front row and I said
that's the soul of America it's a long
way of saying what happened yesterday
is the soul of America we make a lot of
mistakes we elect leaders who who make
even more mistakes we embarrass
ourselves time and time again but at the
end there are still lines even in the
age of Trump where people will stop and
say no enough this is not who we are
yeah I think the day absolutely
represents this idea of the soul of the
country because it's not all good and
it's not all bad it was what Roseanne
Barr tweeted is was a the most vivid
manifestation yesterday of a perennial
American tendency that goes back to long
before the Revolution
about our view of race the majoritarian
view of race in America and anybody who
says that racism is not part of America
is not in touch with with basic facts in
reality but the other part of the soul
is dr. King and all men are created
equal and what Bob Iger did yesterday
and that's this this is the struggle we
undertake every day and it really is a
question of will our better angels
prevail our better angels prevailed
yesterday another thing that happened
yesterday it seemed to me you just
showed is a couple of moments of it is
there's an interesting little shift
going on over at Fox News about the
president and about his ambiguous
relationship with reality and whether
it's Shepard Smith or trey Gowdy saying
or Judge Napolitano saying look what the
president saying is not true and if you
and I said that it would give the online
people something to do the rest of the
morning if they say it Wow you know
maybe that reaches some folks who have
decided that they're gonna check their
skepticism about this president at the
door because they think that people like
us are reflexively against him and if
we're gonna get through this and I
believe we are is gonna take days like
yesterday where the better angels come
out and carry the day absolutely you
know you meet the president obviously is
not responsible for what Roseanne Barr
tweeted yesterday but she has been so
linked to to President Trump in some
ways the pop culture representation of
him and the defender of those who voted
for him which is part of the reason the
show succeeded because that was viewed
as the kind of show that was just wasn't
on TV on left-leaning TV but yesterday
when the White House press secretary as
you know was asked about this the White
House couldn't muster a condemnation of
the tweet asked whether or not Roseanne
should have been fired Sanders said
that's not what the president is looking
at we have a lot bigger things going on
in the country right now in other words
rather than saying we saw the tweet we
found it reprehensible but the president
has bigger thing
to look at why is it do you suspect that
the White House and President Trump
couldn't come out and mention even and
condemn especially a tweet by Roseanne
someone he's been quick to celebrate
when she succeeded called her when the
ratings for the first episode came out I
mean I think it's because this president
really doesn't like to apologize really
for anything even things that maybe
aren't particularly done by him but are
done by people in his orbit so I think
it's not really shocking that they
wouldn't come out and say that Roseanne
was super wrong I think the other thing
that is that that happened here was that
Roseanne the reason why she felt the
need to not only tweet this but then to
defend it for a little bit she was
touched she was retweeting followers
that said you know what we're all
liberals believe that everyone has DNA
with bunkies so that we should look like
monkeys she was basically for a couple
minutes there a couple hours she was
really trying to double down which of
course is a big echo to what President
Trump does every time that he has an
issue with race thinking about the
Charlottesville conversation where he
was saying that there was violence on
both sides at first he tried to walk it
back then he went to his gut and started
trying to double down in this case
Roseanne realized in her doubling down
that that wasn't good and working that
she wasn't President Trump and I think a
lot of Republicans are starting to
realize that President Trump can get
away with things that they can't so she
had to kind of and end up backing up
this president though isn't I think I'm
still very much waiting for president
Trump to really talk about whether or
not Roseanne was whether or not it was
right to cancel Roseanne because I think
that he's gonna start saying that ABC
was wrong and that this rose ang was
unnecessarily fired I think he's gonna
come to her defense you know Casey you
and I have been looking at Rosen's
Twitter feed just even up until a few
minutes ago yes she she apologized
initially but what she's been doing
overnight is retweeting defenders of her
saying she was wrong and playing the
victim and she has one tweet an hour ago
where that reads I feel bad for POTUS he
goes through this every single day in
other words as a victim of a Twitter mob
or whatever she thinks it was yeah
really just astonishing and I think I
think he misha's is right I think the
sense of I mean when you watch the old
clip of the president talking about
Roseanne's ratings and he's looking out
at the crowd and saying you know she's
representing us and Gene Robinson one
thing to mean i covered the 2016
campaign and there's a lot of you know
affection in the Midwest that was rooted
in a lot of things that are not racial
you know that are not buoyed by racial
animus you know people who are you know
come struggling day-to-day this was one
of the few TV shows that represented you
know working-class Americans and it just
strikes me as particularly unfortunate
that that this is the way you know there
have to be so many people out there who
are watching this and saying this these
people are saying that they represent me
but I am NOT that way I feel this way
exactly right and that's exactly the
point to make justice you know this can
be done without you know the the hideous
racism right I mean you can you can you
can believe that president from was
right on trade and tariffs that he's
right on other things without the the
kind of racism that we heard from
Roseanne Barr in fact you know early
before the firing yesterday I just on
Twitter I was seeing staunch
conservatives coming out and and saying
this is beyond the pale this is you know
this is right no other choice you know
Eric Erickson and others who were who
were just saying you know get this
there's only one thing ABC to do with a
so let's take it a step further as well
gene you can also think that identity
politics political correctness goes way
too far that people are being turned
into snowflakes on college campuses you
can you can take a hardcore a view there
yeah and still be offended by this
because I know because they are really
offended by what is now called identity
politics and political correct that
we're absolutely horrified in what
happened yet there is there is a line
thank heaven there is still a line and
this was so far so far beyond it but you
know the point make Casey is that Trump
supportive if there are a lot of them
they're not a majority in the country
but there are a lot of them they are
diverse in their in their views just
like any huge group of people it's so
damaging to the entire project of trying
to knit the country back together and
yes you know it's just it it portrays
such a caricature of who these people
are and are there
out there who believe you know and are
backing Roseanne Barr up absolutely well
every person in middle middle America
absolutely otherwise what ABC did
knitting the country back together yeah
you know Jon Meacham I've said this
before and liberals from the Northeast
who have never spent a lot of time in
the South have scoffed at me but I'll
say it now I've never heard anybody any
of my friends it's born in Doraville
Georgia I moved to Meridian Mississippi
lived in Northwest Florida the redneck
Riviera I lived in Gainesville Florida
when I went to law school Tuscaloosa
Alabama I had most of my friends just
middle-class white guys born in the
middle of the century I can say in the
south I never heard anybody talk this
way not in my circles not in my church
not anywhere and that's when the media
is reporting on Roseanne sang and the
people that are supporting what Roseanne
sang and I know that this offends a lot
of people but maybe you're different
your experience is different than mine I
just never heard people talking this way
and of course my first you know first
grade I was in a integrated school on
the outskirts of Murry Mississippi maybe
that's what sort of defined my existence
of 1969 forward but I just people didn't
talk this way no no I totally agree and
my experience is consonant with that and
it seems to me that one of the things
the president if he wrestles with these
things at all is just perhaps wrestling
with is whether he has to wade into this
or whether he chooses to is in many ways
the wages of his having governed by pop
culture and by tweet most presidents
could get away with staying out of this
kind of thing but he's got to
unfortunately he's created this context
in which people expect him to to
wondered as he was in Nashville
yesterday I don't think he mentioned it
he did say I'll leave you with this
he didn't talk about how
african-americans had voted Democratic
for a hundred years which would surprise
those african-americans who are not
allowed to vote until 50 years ago so so
that's in some ways actually the more
important thing that was said yesterday
and so it shows that this is an ongoing
conversation I know I know we have to
wrap I'll just say that I do get snail
mail and emails from people of this vile
racist right I do get them and you know
I don't believe I believe us Meacham
does that this is French but it is out
there and you know what to put it out
there
let's put it out there there's been
social media Facebook Twitter people who
had never say things in schools or in
churches are in baseball we you know
when you're watching little league
baseball games but they'll say in their
basement mm-hmm and they'll type it and
they'll thanks to President Trump here
we are
yummy Alcindor and Jon Meacham thank you
very much we'll be right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
