The Times report comes as President
Trump and his legal team are taking
their very public PR campaign to
discredit the Muller investigation to a
new level
earlier tonight during a campaign style
rally in Nashville the president
repeated the claim that someone had
infiltrated his 2016 campaign so how do
you like the fact they had people
infiltrating our campaign can you
imagine can you imagine never in the
history of our country has something
taken place like took place during this
election we'll talk about that last
assertion in a moment since Saturday
President Trump has relentlessly
attacked the Russia investigation on
Twitter among other things calling it a
witch-hunt and rigged two old classics
there earlier today the president wrote
quote the 13 angry Democrats plus people
who worked eight years for Obama working
on the rigged Russia witch-hunt will be
meddling with the midterm elections
especially now that Republicans stay
tough are taking the lead in polls there
was no collusion capital C except by the
Democrats meanwhile the Washington Post
has new reporting on Trump adding an
unofficial job title let's say to his
own Ashley Parker Josh Dorsey and Philip
Rucker quite right quote the White House
communications directors job has been
vacant for exactly two months but in
practice it has been filled since the
day hope Hicks said farewell to her
unofficial replacement President Trump
himself the president also has
unofficially performed the roles of many
other senior staffers in recent months
leaving the people holding those jobs to
execute on his instincts and ideas and
that's exactly how Trump likes his West
Wing post goes on to report quote though
Trump continues to rage about special
counsel Robert s Mullins in vestigation
into Russian interference in the 2016
presidential election the president
seems satisfied for now at least with
his new legal team which includes
Giuliani and Emmett T flood Rudy
Giuliani has of course been a constant
fixture on television and in
about this investigation since he was
brought on last month this Sunday was no
different Giuliani spoke openly about
his public opinion battle while on CNN
to a large extent remember Danna we're
defending here it is for public opinion
because eventually the decision here is
going to be impeached not impeach
members of Congress Democrat and
Republican are going to be informed a
lot by their constituents so our jury as
it should be is the American people let
us bring in the rest of our leadoff
panel shall we on a Tuesday night with
thanks for their patience the
aforementioned Ashley Parker Pulitzer
Prize winning White House reporter for
The Washington Post the aforementioned
Philip Rucker Pulitzer Prize winning
White House bureau chief for the
Washington Post a rare visit to New York
good evening to both of you Ashley let's
back up over some stuff any proof of
what the president was saying there in
Nashville that in the history of
campaigning a campaign had never been
infiltrated to this extent no answer
your questions simply no there's there's
no proof there's no good evidence of
that description of the FBI informant
but that's sort of beside the point
Rudy Giuliani for instance and talking
in to my colleague on that story Josh
Tosi just today sort of said do you want
to know why the president is mentioning
spy guy and using these terms because it
works because it's swaying public
opinion and so for this portion of the
legal exercise which is winning you know
the PR campaign publicly facts in a lot
of ways are beside the point
and facts are not what is moving the
public opinion but something evocative
and catchy like Spygate maybe and Phil
indeed your reporting is that the
president for now while not ever
sanguine is is rather content with the
calm strategy that's exactly right he's
dictating the message and what you have
in the West Wing is all of these White
House staffers following his orders and
following repeating the messages that he
lays out for them and Ashley is exactly
right about the the legal strategy which
is really a PR strategy and Rudy
Giuliani's convinced this is working I
talked to him late last week as well and
he said this is going to continue you're
going to keep hearing the Watergate
references you're going to hear
linkage between President Obama and
President Nixon saying that Obama did
just what Nixon did had to break into
the Democratic headquarters and and
create this reality that they think can
really undermine the molar probe and
make it make the public the American
people view it in a partisan lens
Ashleigh you've reported let's use some
proper titles here that the the War of
the Worlds environment has faded in the
West Wing fear and loathing continues
but maybe more of a game of Thrones
atmosphere explain that's exactly right
and this is actually not the first time
we have heard that show evokes to
describe this West Wing but initially it
was meant to refer to the warring
factions in the bloody feuds and in the
competing families and that is sort of
somewhat gone and when people in the
president's orbit in a number of them
individually mentioned Game of Thrones
to us unprompted what they were
referring to is more the confusion how
sort of on that show you guys need to
watch the preview to catch up it's a
little confusing and how everyone is
sort of just at the end of the day a
little unclear about where things stand
in fighting for their own individual
survival and that is sort of the moment
we have shifted to now Phil Rucker I
want to share with you a collection of
clips we have put together from Rudolph
Giuliani this weekend
it sure appears he was sent out with the
instruction to use the word rigged here
it is we'll talk about it on the other
side this is a rigged I mean you've got
13 Democrats you've got a focus on
things that didn't happen know Russia
collusion no obstruction just defending
yourself what's wrong with the
government trying to figure out what
Russia was up to nothing wrong with the
government doing that everything wrong
with the government spying on a
candidate of the opposition party that's
a Watergate a spy gate I mean and
without any warning to him and now to
compound that to make it into a criminal
investigation bill that's why this is a
rigged investigation we're more
convinced as we see it that this is a
rigged investigation now we have this
whole new spy gate thing thrown on top
of it now Philip where would he get
talking points like oh I don't know spy
gate and rigged
maybe from the guy who at the end of his
campaign in 2016 called
that election rigged this is straight
out of Donald Trump's playbook and what
I think he's trying to do is prepare
people to discount whatever Moeller ends
up finding if there's a report about
detailing examples of obstruction of
justice if there are further indictments
the half of America that is with Donald
Trump is going to view that as rigged
because unfair is not appropriate as to
partisan as a political witch-hunt t is
another one of president Trump's phrases
and I think this is strategically what
he's trying to do to discount it the
same way when the polls were showing in
October of 2016 Hillary Clinton was
leading Donald Trump Trump was that
rally after rally after rally saying the
elections going to be rigged the results
might be rigged you don't know what to
believe if it turns out that I'm not
going to win and he's preparing people
to discount the result hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
