hold from DC I'm sweating right now I'm
in my apartment somebody call the cops
on me mom go then can't go nowhere
without the cops following me you know
it is move back to my city
Friday night I'm about to go outside and
start moving things into the building
I'm gonna make sure I'm not too loud I'm
not dumping out
tapas into that mic I'm not gonna make
make it a bunch of noise here so exactly
yep so halfway through my move
I'm tired you know I'm moving boxes up
and down I get into the lobby and I look
at the door and I see blue and white I
see police I look to my left that looks
to my right and I looked inside I'm like
be here for me what are you doing it
then they play the dispatch no
responding to us someone banging on
doors has a weapon on them somebody in
the building did not want people don't
realize the consequences of their
actions when you profile and act on that
profiling
you're reporting a crime a reporting a
crime that may not be in process
the only crime the crime was living
while black there's more blood in this
case moving while black welcome back so
many of these incidents start with one
simple phone call to the police which is
presumably they're too protected sir but
in a world where folks are encouraged to
say something if they see something the
question is when should people call the
cops with us now is Larry Kratz the
district attorney for Philadelphia also
Phillip atiba Goff professor in policing
equity at John Jay College of Criminal
Justice and Tim Wise an anti-racist
educator and the author of the
forthcoming book White Lies a white
lives matter race crime and the politics
of fear in America now we're hearing
plenty of stories about everyday racism
from the perspective of the black
experience these interactions actually
have two parties filmmaker Whitney Dow
has been exploring these issues in a
documentary series called the whiteness
project in which he talks to white
Americans about race I think about race
a lot
I do feel a common bond with other white
people because that's primarily who I
find myself being around I feel more
comfortable around more people in my
race I hate that it's like that but it
is I think it's a lot we're more
comfortable around each other because we
it doesn't seem and I may be wrong it
doesn't seem that there's as many whites
that are out doing crimes and murdering
and causing trouble and doing a lot of
those things and feel like a Whitney
down joins us now and Whitney I want to
talk about the process of getting white
people frankly to talk about race and
how you get them comfortable enough to
be open and honest about issues of race
and racial bias well I think white
people are desperate to talk about race
I think white people don't know how to
have that conversation and when you
create an environment where they can
actually talk honestly about it and talk
about how they feel how they that
they're really really want to have the
conversation yeah and I'm wondering how
much of the way that they react to
people of color is rooted in sort of in
your view misinformation for the last I
said well you know
people are committing the crimes right
and how much of it is sort of learned
behavior and in your view how much of it
is outright bias well I mean it's I
think I think there's there's an
incredible amount of fear in a crowd man
and I think there's a lot of outright
bias but actually I've been thinking a
lot about this I think that that you
know I just came back from Wyoming where
I spent about a week interviewing 50
white people and partially white people
talking about their experience living in
almost all-white community but I think
that what and what is really interesting
to me is that they is that is that
they're there they're in a community
where there's almost no people of color
and all the information they get is from
the media so the media they're saying
over and over they can these images and
one of the things I've been thinking a
lot about is that all these videos that
have come out showing police attacking
people of color and that have kind of
finally let white people understand and
see in reality how black people
experience the police but they're also
doing something else they're also
showing on a loop black people involved
with the police and for a certain
segment of society that actually
triggers them and says look this is
actually true that the repeat black
people have more interactions with
police than white people I'm shaking
your head and Philip you know I mean you
do this work with police departments
around trying to get officers to think
in a sort of different way and with with
people in general about when they're
calling the cops no that's exactly right
and Whitney's exactly right some of the
benefit of exposure here is that it's
waking America up to what black
communities have been dealing with since
black communities have been communities
in the United States but he's also right
that the learn'd association of black
plus police plus black plus police
that's how you form implicit bias Eve's
right and absolutely when they go
unchecked implicit biases become
explicit action continually I'm curious
to hear from you you're you're the
district attorney here in Philadelphia
you're doing something very interesting
you're around a reform agenda you're
trying to sort of transform the vision
for what that office of prosecutor looks
like what's the answer the question of
when someone should call the cops
you know the difficulty is that as
people feel suspicion they're tapping
into their biases and it is not a
situation in which most people have no
bias the truth is we're constantly
bombarded with bias with
it's almost like fighting germs to try
to keep these away from us it takes a
certain amount of work so the difficulty
is when you have a society as we do
which has an incredibly high level of
incarceration extreme involvement of
police and fairly everyday things and
unfortunately to their detriment a lot
of police have become the first
responders for mental health issues for
family disputes you know it used to be
that if there was a fight in schoolyard
this was a disciplinary matter and that
turned into a school to Prison Pipeline
well in the same way just normal
disagreements and disputes and
curiosities in society have turned into
individuals making phone calls because
frankly they find the race of the person
they're watching to be inherently
suspicious so it's a problem and it does
require the participation of everyone
not to tap into their biases until look
at what's really happening yeah Tim you
know it for you know for a lot of black
people the idea of the police is you
know quite frankly intimidating
frightening the idea of calling the cops
on someone is sort of an almost
threatening right but for white
Americans who are comfortable with the
police it seems like a problem it seems
like a solution to this person who
shouldn't be here right I like how you
look at me like I'm comfortable with
police you know me better well here's
the thing
white America has been raised to believe
and the police are always the good guys
and frankly that black lives matter less
than white comfort and until we deal
with that until we deal with the reality
cuz here's the problem
when a white person calls the police on
a person of color over a barbecue in a
park sleeping in a common room at Yale
sitting at the Starbucks or whatever it
is
knowing that Tamir Rice's life was
snuffed because someone called the cops
on a 12 year old boy playing to the
toilet gun something that white boys do
all across this country without fear of
being shot and that's a national story
you can't tell me you didn't know that
happen when John Crawford is called a
cops called on him at the Walmart also
in the state of Ohio not to pick on Ohio
and he's standing there with an air
rifle that he pulled off the shelf at
Walmart he's talking to his girlfriend
or whatever and the cops are called on
him they come they shook him when when
you know that is what happens what you
are saying is my discomfort with you
right now is worth more than the
potential that your life won't be
snuffed in ten minutes until that stops
nothing is going to change
part of its sort of common theme here in
a lot of these stories you know you come
upon someone napping in common room it's
like you can just talk to the person
like you don't have to there there is
the discomfort is so intense right the
discomfort is so intense but rather to
be like hey what's up like to whoever
you want to have a conversation with or
you're gonna call numbing 1 1 an
emergency line to report something
that's exact so one of the things that I
will never forget about one of the first
conversations I had with the police
chief was the thing that would make my
job so much easier is if everybody just
took social relations classes because
almost 90% of the things that my officer
is getting called for are things that
you could just go up and have a
conversation if you weren't so scared of
your neighbors and the rest of it right
that call it causes so much terror
amongst the community it's stuff that
police could never be trained for right
so the chief that was telling me this
right former Chiefs in Salt Lake City
says you shouldn't call me and my
officers unless you want an armed
response because while we get training
in mental health we get training in
substance abuse we get training and
family planning
we are also trained in deadly force if
you don't want it then don't call for it
you know we also have the issue of
police officers who exhibit fear toward
the people that they're stopping the
falando
Castillo case so I wonder why there
isn't some sort of legal prohibition
against a nuisance call calling the
police for something that isn't it
that's a really good idea although we
have to admit you know the nature of
criminal prosecution is intentional acts
and an awful lot of what we're talking
about is ingrained bias it is a
prejudice that is breathed in and just
seems to express itself in these ways
but fundamentally you are talking about
a society in which there is an
incredibly high level of suspicion and a
willingness to subject someone who is
other and that could very well be a
mentally ill person or a person of color
or someone who is in any other way
presumed to be you know threatening
because of youth or whatever it may be
you're subjecting them to incredible
dangers in a militarized police system
well there's also I mean there's also
the fact that there is a policing model
in this country and you know it started
with broken windows policing in New York
City in the 1990s it's spread everywhere
which is that part of policing is
quality of life right and quality of
life is I feel uncomfortable right
that's the definition of quality of life
I mean literally and.and your office and
the offices of District Attorney's
around this country are processing
thousands and thousands and thousands of
people a day who are doing things like
break down a subway or selling in M&Ms
or something like that well
unfortunately fewer here than some other
places but yes there's no question that
a lot of what has been done
traditionally is that kind of
prosecution it's the little stuff it
tends to be something that picks on
people who are in poor neighborhoods
often black and brown it tends to be
ignoring you know massive crimes
committed at a white-collar level by
prosperous people and by corporations
that is the nature unfortunately what
prosecutors have done for a long time is
that they have been the face of a
government that is gonna treat certain
people a bad way yeah and and I do have
to ask before we could recommend I'm
gonna break back to him because how much
of this is also about gentrification
because we've had issues where a
neighborhood were somebody who would
have been familiar
Jovie residents now is unfamiliar to
people have moved in and now are
uncomfortable in the property well the
irony is the the Gendreau fires of today
their parents or their grandparents ran
away from the city to get away from
black and brown
and now their children and their
grandchildren are saying oh the suburbs
there's only so many Olive Garden's I
can go to so I need to go back to the
city and get my life in the city but
when I do that I need to have my hot
yoga studio in my pottery studio and my
stuff represented and if you intrude on
that for I will then call the police
this is all part of a larger problem we
cannot solve it just in the prosecutors
offices we have to look at it as a
housing issue in coming up including
what is the path
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
