some additional stories of these
day-to-day interactions Tremayne that's
right we've we've heard all about the
big explosive cases of racial injustice
in America but that's not what most
black people in America deal with you
deal with what we call microaggressions
or a thousand cuts of racism every
single day I'm here with LT Jackson
Henry who recently moved from Seattle
tell us your experience with
microaggressions in America yeah very
subtle
and I thought you know there is there a
chip on my shoulder am i imagining
something but you know I live in the
Berks County area I like to go out to
Lancaster to these small areas and go
shopping and I noticed you know when I'm
finished with my purchases when I'm done
with my shopping and I'm the only one
there and the sales associate is
checking me out when someone comes
behind me I noticed that I'm looked past
or I'm asked to step aside and there's
an apology given to the person behind me
I'm sorry I'll be right with you or if
someone sees me in line they entertain a
question of the next person behind me
before I'm even done like I'm not
significant my purchase isn't important
you know just move out of the way like
I'm just invisible
I feel so insignificant and it's hurtful
you know being from Seattle that's a
whole nother story but I thought I had a
very overprotective mother who just made
me feel like I was special that I come
here and I feel like you know I don't
matter you know and I'm going to address
it you know I'm getting empowered to say
listen I am important I need you to be
attentive customer service means
finished with me my dollar is important
you know and see the tears
it does hurt I'm not so much angry I
just feel like when is when will I feel
important when will I be important to
you
and I'm not looking for that
gratification but I just feel like a
child you know as a child how do we help
our little girls feel like they're
important you know so thank you for
letting this year it does him thank you
for your story thank you Cheryl but this
feels like the public accommodations
phase me look at the old black and white
videos it was ignoring that person at
the lunch counters pretending that they
weren't even there if not outright
kicking them out it feels if we're sort
of back in a fight over whether or not
black people are gonna have full access
to public spaces yeah I think that's
right and I think you know it's
important for us to acknowledge the way
this makes us feel and the the
internalization that can happen but I
also think it's important for us to
acknowledge that this has hard
consequences for us let's take a place
like Starbucks that lots of people go to
for lots of different reasons these two
young men went for a business meeting
lots of people don't have an office yeah
meet me at the Starbucks write your
roommate you know it's making too much
noise I'm gonna go finish writing my
paper at the Starbucks I'm writing a
screenplay I set up my little you know
laptop and I and I do my stuff people
are doing actual work there this is an
actual place where people are getting a
benefit and everyone should have the
opportunity to have that benefit so it's
actually not even just about our
feelings right I should if I have paid
for something in that store and purchase
things also be able to eat my lunch at
that counter right rather than have to
go someplace else
because I also have meetings right every
time a cab passes me by a New York City
with the light on
it means I'm now late for a meeting that
I need to go to and I'm a person who
runs an organization so in some ways I
think we want to make sure that
internally in the family we talk about
the way in which it makes us feel but I
also think we have to quantify that this
is dollars and cents this is real this
is about our ability to function as real
people in society this is about our kids
and what they have access to it's about
your ability to go write that paper
someplace it's about your ability to
raise money and so forth and I think
sometimes we we get away from that and I
think it's important to ground ourselves
in that the reason for those battles the
reason for the lunch counter sit-ins the
Freedom Rides and all that wasn't just
about our feelings and our dignity it
was partly about that but it really also
was about what does it mean to be a full
citizen with all the Ben
it's the privileges of that cherylin
really appreciate you being here Cheryl
and Eiffel thank you so much rev and
Valerie stay with us and up next we
explore the psychology behind why people
call the cops when no crime is being
committed
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
