the government's doing something they
haven't been doing before which is to
separate children from parents right
that's correct Chris I mean what's
happening right now is really
unprecedented what we've seen here in
Arizona is actually since January over
200 cases of parents being separated
from their children and some of these
children are extremely young as you
mentioned we've actually seen children
who are 2 years old regularly and just
last week we saw a 53 week old infant in
court without a parent last Friday on
this very show our guests shared
horrifying stories of immigrant children
in some cases babies being torn from
their parents of the border the tribal
administration has been reluctant to
actually admit this is what they're
doing even though White House chief of
staff John Kelly called ripping apart
immigrant families quote a tough
deterrent but the imagination is now
making things harder even for children
who show up alone those unaccompanied
minors on the border with new plans to
require that parents parents get
fingerprinted in order to claim their
migrant children despite fears that
undocumented parents will be too scared
to come forth here to help me understand
what this administration is doing NBC
News reporter Julie Aynsley who wrote
that story about immigrant parents being
fingerprinted and Michelle Byrne a
director of migrant rights and justice
the women's refugee Commission Julia let
me start with you this I want to be
clear here because these two things have
been conflated as important people
understand the difference this new
policy on fingerprinting is
unaccompanied minors these are children
who showed up at the border who are
minors without a parent and what is the
new policy so in this new policy Chris
children who come unaccompanied across
the border and are then taken into HHS
custody when someone tries to claim them
and that person is a parent they will
now be fingerprinted and the fear of
course is that parents will be afraid to
come forward because they don't want to
give their information over to the
government particularly if they're
undocumented as many of these parents
are they also would not want ice to be
able to deport them right there they
even though it's HHS that's technically
a different branch that's under Health
and Human Services not Department of
Homeland Security this is the federal
government and the to work very hand and
he
and when it comes these undocumented
children that is of course separate from
parents who are crossing the border with
their children but it's very common for
parents to come to the u.s. first try to
establish things make that treacherous
journey and then send for a child to be
brought up perhaps or a sponsor perhaps
her family friend or someone else and
then there's a reunification here I
actually reported on this very proposal
when it was being pushed by some career
officials at DHS and 2016 that did not
go forward under the Obama
administration principally because
people at HHS said no this will deter
parents from coming forward and it will
take longer for family reunification I
asked that same question to officials
today and they said any parent who was
afraid to come forward would be unfit to
be a parent
they said that today HHS said that on a
conference call yes it's in our story
Michelle let's talk about the this
separation policies these are these are
parents who are coming with their kids
they're showing over the border a lot of
times in the case of one of the
plaintiffs the ACLU lawsuit from Congo
who is declaring at a port of entry for
asylum the government is is taking the
children away from parents and the
president tweeted this on Saturday put
pressure on the Democrats to end the
horrible law that separates children
from their parents once they cross the
border to u.s. been then a lot of other
sort of immigration bad lives these are
is there a law that is requiring the
president to do this absolutely not
there is no law that requires this this
is pure and simple a policy of the Trump
administration that is intended to
discourage parents from seeking asylum
in this country and let me make that
clear they have a legal right to seek
asylum and the administration's policy
is intended Piron simple to deter them
from doing that meaning if you come here
and you try to seek asylum in this
country which again that is not illegal
that is they have a legal right to seek
asylum there's a process in place for
that that then you were just gonna have
your one-year-old rip from your arms and
put in some facility you might not know
where it is and that will make it less
likely you do that that's the theory
it's hard as it is to believe that that
would be the intent that is exact
what the administration is trying to do
Julia honey bring this maddening here
Julia one thing that's bending here and
legal learn said this the other night
when we had him on he's litigating
against the government this case is the
government's being very dodgy about
whether this is the policy or not I mean
Kelly's sort of copped to it in that
interview with NPR it's clear Jeff
sessions I think on May 7 said look if
you come with your kid will separate
your kid and prosecute you but they seem
unwilling to actually admit it what is
your sense from your reporting of what
the what they say the policy is yeah
Chris I got a kind of a strange call
from DHS later today hours after he had
this story out he said I just want to
clarify we're not separating children
and I said well what you you must be
having to make a lot of calls in
Washington if that is the case because
that's been so reported through
anecdotal evidence and through what John
Kelly has said and through it the
Attorney General jeff sessions has said
and they said well what we're really
doing is we are increasing the number of
referrals for prosecution of parents and
any time a parent is prosecuted just
like if you were a parent dealing drugs
on the streets of Chicago you would be
separated from your child so they're
kind of piecing this apart here to say
it's not a new policy because parents
would have been separated from their
children in that case earlier but it is
different in a very categorical way
because they're forcing more parents to
take that path they would push back on
the fact that these are asylum seekers
but that is because they are raising the
bar on what it means to claim asylum
you're making it harder to pass that
initial definition exactly yeah yeah
Michelle does that does that
justification scan do a zone who knows
the law and the policy here
no it's absurd first of all as we've
already said it is perfectly legal to
come to our border and seek asylum that
is written in US law the u.s.
immigration law says you can come to our
border and ask for asylum and you have
to be put through a process people who
are coming to the border even up courts
of entry as you reported the other day
in the ACLU case even people coming at
ports of entry and presenting themselves
and saying Here I am I throw myself at
your mercy I'm asking for asylum and
protection for my child
are being separated or in many cases
turned back at the border all right
Julie Ainsley and Michelle Burnett
we're gonna stay on this story thank you
both for your help tonight and
understanding it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
