David same question to you I mean it
feels as if this is a caricature of the
Trump voter that that frankly is kind of
a lazy caricature if you think Roseanne
is the average Trump voter it's again I
would call that a lazy caricature well
it's a lazy caricature that Trump
himself embraced remember he called her
to congratulate her for her ratings look
our society has a very unhealthy
relationship to celebrity and
conservatives are not an exception to
that they will embrace a celebrity who
embraces them or at least appears to
embrace them almost no matter what that
celebrity is done in the past and you
know the national anthem is in the news
Colin Kaepernick has been
extraordinarily respectful of the flag
compared to Roseanne Barr in her
legendary national anthem performance so
the rule of celebrities should not be if
someone famous reaches out to me I have
to hug them back no you got to have
standards well and that's what this gets
at Jamil is it corporate America did
look she was valuable financially you
could make that argument she was
valuable financially and they chose I
mean she was the center as you heard
earlier she was the centerpiece of this
sort of sitcom strategy you could argue
from ABC or at least a another one to
say hey look we we are we are the Bella
you know whatever we have the the
rainbow flag of political opinion on ABC
sitcoms and they did choose their
standards over profits right and I think
that you see there you know at least
they were wise enough to correct it the
NFL on the other hand has not been the
NFL is that well you know we're going to
not only embrace the mischaracterization
of Colin Kaepernick's protest in making
new policy to end those protests but
we're also going to you know essentially
you know throw a little bit of money at
social justice and consider that enough
I think that ABC recognize or at least
they should that they have to do more
than this that they have to understand
from the very beginning from the
conceptualization process that you can't
hire people who were liable to behave
like this in public and I think first of
all if anyone could comparing Kaepernick
to Barr I think that
you know it's not exactly the right
comparison to make no hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning in the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
