joining me now on our plane Danielle
collective vice president of the
American Enterprise Institute Kimberly
Hopkins chief Washington reporter for
the Boston Herald Ruth Marcus Washington
Post columnist they're all MSNBC and NBC
News contributors and Max baloney
Melanie my apologies there Matt
editorial director at The Hollywood
Reporter Matt let me start with you here
number one I blew your name that's where
you get that but two it is the business
side of things the swiftness with which
Disney acted explain how Disney got to
this decision as fast as Bob Iger did
it's almost as if they knew something
like this might come one day because the
swiftness was extraordinary you never
see big corporations act this quickly
and hours after these tweets came out
not only was the show pulled off the air
but they had statements ready
Channing Dungy the president of a be ABC
issued a statement and they were just
quick they even punt expunged Roseanne
from the press site at the ABC web site
so they were gone now if you go to ABC
TV right now
you can't find evidence of Roseanne
anywhere no and that's the extraordinary
thing because three weeks ago
Roseanne was the centerpiece of ABC's
fall lineup this was the number one show
on television and now it's simply gone
let me ask you this how much of this was
cast driven show driven and how much of
this was Disney driven going they have
their meaning we had we heard from Wanda
Sykes we heard from circa there was no
doubt there seemed to me that there
probably was a growing problem on the
show itself of a bunch of actors saying
I don't know if I want to be associated
with her how much of that was it or how
much of it was Disney's own image issues
that they were been trying to fix for a
while I think this is a conflagration of
everything because it's bigger than just
one show people might say oh you
canceled the number one show on
television you're going to take tens of
millions of dollars hit on this but
think about the larger picture this
wasn't just the talent on Roseanne this
is talent across the company there are a
number
people who have said that you know they
were offended by Rosen's tweets in the
past ABC has to think of the talent
relationships with all of their talent
and the Walt Disney Company has to think
of their talent relationships across the
entire company they saw the dominoes
falling here and they acted quickly to
prevent them from falling further all
right let me get to the panel here
Kimberly I it does seem as if Disney
like we joked it's like huh they decided
not to wait three days to do this after
there was a boycott after there would be
advertisers saying they're pulling out
after actors they decided you know what
we're just gonna skip all of the three
days of pain and just go now yeah
although those three hours did seem a
long time when there was no reaction
from ABC or Disney at all until there
was the big reaction of cutting the show
you know I think some people a lot of
people particularly people of color in
this country today are asking why that
show got a greenlit in the first place
this is not the first time that Roseanne
has made a really offensive comments
that she has been pushing conspiracy
theory she has been doing this for years
so the fact that in the beginning this
company chose well you know we see it we
see an opportunity here we're gonna put
profits over that and to put profits
over politics for now until they
couldn't and today was the day that they
could not do that so I think this is a
lesson for other media companies moving
forward when they try to make that that
kind of gamble I mean the market really
spoke there was there's a market for for
Roseanne and there's a market for people
who feel like they're underrepresented
on television and elsewhere the real
question is as you rightly say this is
new for Roseanne Barr
if you go back when she was a star of
Russia today the nasty nasty conspiracy
theory peddling Russian Network she was
on there years ago again spouting off
Krang uh you know it's nasty crank
racist anti-semitic crazy stuff and
perhaps even without realizing some of
it was what it was she just seems like a
chronic and for them the problem is they
chose her to do it you can hire good
people who can reckon it down the same
show without the show without Roseanne
that was the bad choice
and in it yeah did it right you know now
she was the start with the ratings I
thought you know sometimes we look at
politics and you know how a story is
gonna end but it takes an awfully long
time to get there I'm thinking about
some resignations of cabinets and others
that are taken quite a while to happen
and the laws of political gravity aren't
working here the laws of the market
market gravity are working whatever made
them think that they could have Roseanne
in the first place also has its limits
and I think that's a really good thing
Matt why does a Roseanne get swiftly can
but say the duck dynasty guys if they've
individually done some things they
survive what is it what is the
difference here I think there is a line
in the sand that Disney had whereas some
of the other stuff was offensive but
they were able like your panel said to
brush it off in the name of keeping this
very popular show going
but these comments were so abhorrent and
racist and specific that they just said
okay here's our line here's our line we
will not cross and they made a statement
and I do think that this was in advance
of what would likely have been an
advertiser boycott a talent exodus from
both the show and the network and if
they saw where this ends and it did not
end in a good place so you have to cut
it off now Matt do you see any evidence
of conservative Hollywood backlash you
know I think we've seen a little bit of
people saying oh well you know there's a
double standard liberal oriented comics
or talent have made offensive comments
in the past and have not had their shows
taken away you know I don't know how
much that argument is gonna hold
because again you know even sean hannity
is saying that these comments are
abhorrent and should not be tolerated so
I just don't see how far those
conspiracy theories are gonna go let me
go to the president here do we think he
stays silent and let's everybody say
nothing does he pull up both sides like
he did with Charlottesville because he
knows they're some of his most
enthusiastic supporters here are are
sort of the alt writers orders they
actually follow the lead of Sean Hannity
and say you know what that was a bridge
too far sorry Rosanna can't offend you
I think the only person who knows the
answer to that question and probably
doesn't know it right now is Donald
Trump I mean I do think Donald Trump
knows two hours before he's gonna say
what he's gonna say
I think he's pulled in a couple
different directions I think one thing
you know he's in the rally setting
that's gonna lead him most likely to say
something abhorrent to use the word of
the day there outside that rally right
now shouting lock her up they're not
referring to Roseanne Barr though those
are the times when he gets himself in
trouble at the same time this was really
too far and while he is a man who does
not ever apologize does not ever take
responsibility he also knows how to
separate himself from people when it's
necessary so I see those tensions and I
agree with you what he couldn't have
tuned in to see how that goes if you can
also go from one thing to another right
he was against Roy Moore before he was
back backing him again he can start off
by saying well this was bad and then
after a while and then he hears
particularly once he hears from
supporters who say this is just you know
political correctness run amok which
it's not it's not political correctness
it's denouncing racism right but but
once those supporters say this is just
another example of the liberal liberal
media he could get right on board with
that do what you said though don't don't
you feel it he's gonna say that was a
terrible outrage things like that should
never be said and do you think if one of
us had said something anyone would have
stood up I mean that's that's what I
suspect he's gonna try to find a way to
not support her I empathize with the
idea that the right gets held to a
different standard different center in
his mind he will go down that way
because that really will resonate but
what about what Roseanne the show the
message it sent two programmers in
Hollywood right how much so how much do
these entertainment heads sit there and
go boy there's an untapped market out
there Roseanne proved it can we still
tap into it without aligning ourselves
with an all right crazy racist I think
that's a conversation that's going on
right now because that you saw over the
past few months there has been this
scramble at ABC and elsewhere to find so
called Trump land shows that appeal to
white working-class people that have
elevated Roseanne to this high ratings
we saw it with with Fox picking up the
Tim Allen show
Last Man Standing and that was the show
that was canceled a few years ago but
now is being revived by Fox because it
supposedly appeals to this middle class
lower middle class Trump demographics so
I don't know I mean Roseanne isn't a
particularly unique place and that she
was so vocal and vitriolic on Twitter
and ABC essentially knew what it was
getting into when they did this
I don't know that certain other figures
have exactly that kind of chaos around
them do you expect any of these
independent operators to take a risk on
Roseanne does she find a home and in one
of these streaming sites or is it if she
did she just get herself essentially
blacklisted from mainstream
entertainment frankly to the point of
even you know the the most conservative
cable channel you know I never say never
but I do not see any of the streaming
sites going for this I just don't think
they will want to risk not just the
backlash from the public but the
backlash from other talent these are all
companies that want to be in business
with creative people and if you touch
Roseanne right now you are sending a
message to those creative people that
they don't want to hear so I think maybe
in a few years people will revisit it
but I think for this the the soon the
the foreseeable future Roseanne is
untouchable Mel Gibson came back so you
never know I guess
he did anyway that felony thank you and
I think I got your name right that time
so thank you I appreciate it
thanks for sharing your expertise in the
industry out there Danielle Kimberly
Ruth you guys are stuck with me hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more meet the press content every
morning in the first
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
