we're gonna take a look at the single
cultural shift that may be most
responsible for the changing American
political landscape more so than race or
ethnicity let's start there though since
1994 the USA has become more diverse and
today there are more African American
and Hispanic voters and here's how
voters have identified themselves over
the past 10 years basically since the
era of Obama and Trump it's been pretty
steady so the question is if the parties
haven't changed and the voters look like
they haven't either
what's going on well one way to
understand all of this is by looking at
a single group of voters white voters
right so if we're looking for a change
where is it as Chuck said it's to do
with white voters and specifically the
changes when it comes to their education
here's a graph showing how white voters
without a college degree identify
themselves now historically of those
without a college degree a few more of
them identify as Republican and here's
the graph showing how white voters with
a college education would have
identified themselves now historically
many more of them would have voted
Republican now you can see on both these
graphs but things have changed
completely today if you're a white voter
with a college education you're more
likely to identify as Democrat if you're
a white voter without a college degree
you're more likely to identify as
Republican so we can put some history on
here for context here's the Iraq war and
here is the beginning of the recession
of 2008 and over here is President
Obama's inauguration and here where the
actual inversion happens that's the
arrival of Donald J Trump
so basically what we're saying is that
there's been a massive change hidden in
what looks like no change at all white
voters identifying as Republican has
been pretty stable at about 51% since
1994 but it's in the last few years that
who they are has changed it wasn't
always the case that college-educated
voters were voting Democratic in fact
they used to mostly vote Republican go
back to the 88 election these states all
with high levels of college educated
voters California Illinois New Jersey
all three of them voted for Republican
George HW Bush and they've not voted
Republican since so what does that mean
what does education have to do with
voting well as with everything there's a
whole host of implications and effects
but it is possible to focus on a few
economics those who didn't have a
college degree historically still could
have got a job which would have paid a
decent wage but with the rise of
globalization in the crash of 2008 you
can see these jobs and their wages
diminish in the party that's become the
party who supports bringing jobs back
from other countries the Republicans
culture the Republican Party is also
shifted in non-economic issues like
abortion and guns back in the 90s many
college-educated Republicans would have
been pro-choice and progam control and
they feel less at home in the Republican
Party now the rural urban divide
Republicans are increasingly catering to
rural communities where people are less
likely to have access to a higher
education and it's a combination of all
of these things which we see playing out
in the way that voters with different
types of education are identifying
themselves and the way that the parties
have shifted over time
and it's not just about whether or not
you have a college education the
perception of whether a college educated
electorate is good has also changed
Republican support for college has
plummeted in part because many believe a
university education is nothing more
than an indoctrination for liberals and
we're not saying the people with a
degree or smarter or the people without
one on but a college education is now
becoming a clear indicator of how
someone might identify as a voter thanks
for watching if you'd like to see more
things explained in mixed reality then
click the links just here
