welcome to morning Joe a special taped
hour for Memorial Day I just want to
make that clear
I'm not live here it's not lie no but
but we can't do that same old you know
stick that we do where we joke about
life people get really upset there
aren't a lot of things to worry about in
this world and God knows what there are
that's the one I taped out so with us we
have MSNBC contributor Mike Barnicle
here on tape
Medal of Honor recipient MSNBC military
analyst retired US Army colonel
Jack Jacobs burn offices thank you so
much for you wanted to get you here on
this Memorial Day special to talk about
all the things that men and women in
uniform are still doing why don't we
start with Afghanistan we are still
there we learned in 2011 what happens
when you retreat too quickly that said
you've got I guess now you've got people
over in Afghanistan fighting that were
one and two when the towers crashed yeah
if you're talking about a long time ago
how yep look we don't have the political
will to stay there as long as we really
need to stay there to do the kinds of
things we need to do in order to make
that place safe for the Afghans so it's
just a matter of time before we pull
them out to our principle effort there
is in training Afghan forces to defend
themselves right so we have special
forces we have special operations forces
we have intelligence gathering
operations but at the end of the day
Afghanistan is going to be precisely the
way it was when we left it so it was so
we're not going to treat Afghanistan
like we've treated Germany since 45 or
Korea since 52 53 no I don't think so at
all I think we're going to continue to
have a relatively low level of influence
there in specific areas far removed from
Kabul and at the end of the day the
Taliban is likely to come back again
you know matter of fact it already is
let's talk about Iran and Syria
and I'm going to start with Iran because
you know you hear too often in Donald
Trump and other people talk about how
America has lost every war since World
War two you look at Iraq though which
certainly was a disaster from 2003 to
2007 but we don't really salute enough
the men and women in uniform for the
remarkable turnaround 2008 2009 2010
2011 that that they were able to to do
we had Dexter Filkins saying you know
when he went back he didn't even
recognize the place of course we lost
all those gains and I'll be damned if
they didn't go back with the help of the
Kurds and clean it up again well the
question is whether or not we are
willing to keep doing that and how long
we're gonna have to keep doing that I
think it was I think it was me know
wasn't McMaster it was McChrystal who
said some time ago that if you really
want to make an effort there you want to
have a positive influence there you're
gonna have to have many more troops than
we have now but more significantly we're
gonna have to be there for decades we
don't have the political political will
to do that either
well what about we've got what 2500
troops here right now
well we've got more than that four
thousand four or five thousand okay four
or five thousand right now it seems to
me if those four or five thousand troops
who were there who David Ignatius says
really believe in their mission
if those number of troops check Russian
power which they are right now and check
Iranian expansion which they are right
now and basically protect about half of
the landmass of Syria from attacks on
Assad is that a good investment for the
United States military well it is if it
has positive results I mean I'm a
believer in the principle of war that
says the objective is the most important
thing what is it you're trying to do
start at the end and work backwards well
what if what if what you want to do is
check Putin's influence in the Middle
East and check
Iran's expansion westward well we're
going to need more troops and more
influence and more capability we have to
realize that what's taking place in
Syria is a proxy war between Iran on the
one hand right and Saudi Arabia on the
other you know if you talk about
reducing our capability in Syria for
example the people who go to the
craziest the quickest or the Saudis and
and the Israelis Hillary Natalie's to
King on in and you see what's happened
every time there's any kind of notion
that we're going to reduce our
capability over there that we're not
interested in in staying there long
enough to really have the kind of
influence you're talking about there's
an exchange an enormous exchange of
gunfire missiles between Iran on the one
hand and the Israelis on the other and
this is not good at all for for
stability anyplace so so we really do
have to do it Lewis Carroll said if you
don't know where you're going any road
will take you there what is it we're
trying to do there and what is it going
to take to accomplish it and unless you
ask that first question you'll never get
to know where they went so amazing is
Donald Trump that seems so obsessed in
checking Iranian influence but the best
way to check Iranian influence is stop
them from moving in and using Syria as a
place to launch
you know launch their operations which
is exactly what they're trying to do
right now and we are actually getting in
the way right there's a question of how
you do that I guess as you spin the
globe a little bit Colonel Jacobs to
North Korea and look at the negotiation
that's been going on very much in public
with President Trump tweeting
incessantly about North Korea
consistently about everything yeah
that's true that's true
he's tweeted but incessantly before
about mica that's that's true so what
are your concerns as a military man
about a potential conflict and I'm
talking about a military conflict
between the United States and North
Korea if this deal somehow falls apart I
call it a deal there's no deal yet but
this negotiation falls apart North Korea
came out the other day and said we will
not do
nuclearized well that's the whole idea
behind these negotiations is to get them
to denuclearize so if you get that far
to a presidential meeting you walk out
of the room North Korea says no we're
not getting rid of our nukes what comes
next well they're not ever gonna get rid
of their nukes the reason they've got
nukes is to prevent people like the
United States or even Russia or China or
anybody else from tipping them over I
think you have to start with the
assumption that the North Korean regime
is a continuing criminal enterprise and
everything that that regime does is to
keep the regime in power and that
includes the development of nuclear
weapons so that nobody will bother them
at all and that includes China by the
way so once you start with that it
actually makes you become a little bit
more sanguine about the Korean Peninsula
North Korea is not likely to attack
anybody at least partially because the
United States will do exactly what
President Trump says we're going to do
and that is to make life extremely
difficult for the North Koreans and what
Koreans don't want that so they're not
going to do anything what they're
looking for is a couple of things a
little bit more influence over the rest
of the Korean Peninsula that is South
Korea and they've got it in president
moon by the way they want to distance
themselves from China a bit and they
want the United States to lift the large
majority of strictures economic
strictures that have been put upon them
and they can get all that stuff by
playing a little bit nice and that's
exactly what they do they can have that
cake and eat it too
stay out of my backyard leave me alone
don't attack me and by the way lift
sanctions but they're never gonna get
rid of their nuclear weapons that's what
gives the u.s. getting out of that deal
then it sounds like North Korea is
getting everything it wants what's
Donald Trump get out of that deal
nothing no nothing a little public
relations that's a you know Jack we're
living at a moment in the history of
this country where the activities of one
person and one person alone blocks out
the Sun I mean there's so much else
going on other than what's going on
around the White House and the president
United States one of the things
that's going on and it's I think more
than appropriate to bring it up on this
day Memorial Day is the fact that about
only 1% of Americans serve in
Afghanistan or Iraq or Syria or around
the world and the VA is once again
having great difficulty caring for
veterans of war and the VA is having
enormous difficulty in dealing with the
extraneous damage done to the families
of those who serve and we really spend
enough time talking about them 50 years
ago I believe you were in a VA hospital
wondering whether you'd ever see again
yeah talk about the VA today in the
efforts that ought to be made that
aren't being made for these people who
serve us we've got to realize that the
the Department of Veterans Affairs is an
enormous bureaucracy 370 plus thousand
employees caring for millions of
veterans bureaucracies do only one thing
they do routine things in a routine way
and anytime you change the requirements
of bureaucracies can't cope in the
Department of Veterans Affairs is
exactly like that it can't cope it needs
it needs two things really strong
leadership in the executive branch but
more than that or just as much as that
it needs the kind of support from
Congress it has not add unless it gets
both of those things good leadership and
support from Congress it's never going
to be able to meet the requirements of
the people who put on the uniform and
defend it all the rest of us so that we
can enjoy freedom so let's talk about
active military how has this permit I
know he has his parade he wants his
parade which is yeah and and rotten but
how is how however this policy has been
for the military from military person's
point of view for the average person who
wears the uniform
there's been no effect positive or
negative the real effect of the
president's decisions on what to do with
the military and how to use it as an
instrument of power and so on that's
basically a strategic question and so
forth so far there's been no there have
been no strategic decisions that have
had a any kind of impact on the rank and
file the young men and women who are out
there defending the country except to
one extent and that is that we have
taken on an enormous number of missions
for which we do not have adequate
resources we've got the smallest element
we're about ready to have the smallest
army we've had since 1940 I remember
years ago when you and I were looking at
this the first time we came out of the
service and someone we're gonna have a
600 ship Navy we have we have fewer than
300 capital ships multiple deployments
today multiple deployments you have
troops kids on the ground of all
services who've had a dozen deployments
talk about impact on their families in
their morale this is not the way we're
supposed to defend a country of 325
million people and a lesson until all
the people involved here President
United States the Congress and the
American people get serious about their
defense and forget about outsourcing the
defense of the Republic to a very small
number of young men and women who are
willing to do it unless we start paying
attention to this we're going to be
unhappy very unhappy someday so Colonel
on this Memorial Day
who will you be thinking of a number of
people the young kids who are out there
now you know most Americans do not know
anybody in uniform they don't know
anybody in uniform back when I was
growing up in New York City everybody in
- every household in my neighborhood and
made a contribution to the defense of
the country during the Second World War
it was unusual not to observe nowadays
most people don't know anybody in
uniform so I'm thinking about all those
kids
and they are kids I mean they don't call
it the infantry for nothing
and seriously they're all a small number
of them out there right now in dozens
and dozens of places not only protecting
us but bringing freedom to other people
and second I'm thinking about the young
men I with whom I served 50 years ago
who never came home I talk all the time
about the fact that I wear my medal not
for myself but for all those who can't
there were lots of brave people back in
those days and in those days we were
losing 300 to 500 young Americans killed
in action every week every single week
thankfully those days are gone but my
memory goes back to all those kids with
whom I served and who never came back
Colonel Jack Jacobs thank you very much
thank you so much still ahead we've got
some great pics for the summer reading
list from issues of foreign policy to
social science about bringing our
conversations with three leading authors
that's all ahead right here on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
