by Nicholas Kristof near times columnist
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press and MSNBC political
analyst and Sumi teri former director
for Korea Japan and oceanic affairs at
the National Security Council thanks to
all of you for joining us Jonathan let
me let me start with you just on what is
going on inside the White House to
precipitate the cancellation and how
active are the talks now in terms of
getting this back on the schedule
potentially this is something that the
president has really wanted despite some
people around him some of his closest
advisors really urging caution to go
ahead with this deal even some
suggesting by just agreeing to the sun
in the first place you've already given
Kim gentlemen an air of legitimacy he
did not have they made efforts in recent
days to try to set up logistics to make
this thing happen in Singapore in the
middle of June and North Korea suddenly
disengaged in a lot of talks setting off
alarm bells in the White House in the
State Department about how seriously
North Korea was taking the possibility
of the summit and therefore would they
be actually willing to give away what
the president wants them to do but you
heard today a little bit of more
optimism from the President and from
those around the White House that they
this is something he still wants he sees
this as not just something important for
global safety of course but also as a
real win for him the idea that not just
the Nobel Peace Prize but the idea of
accomplishing something that no American
president has been able to do to bring
peace to the Korean Peninsula something
that he thinks not only would holster
his poll numbers but would perhaps
inoculate him from some of these federal
investigations surrounding him and
perhaps even have a trickle-down effect
to Republicans in the midterms the idea
of can you really vote against this
president and his party if he's brought
suddenly brought peace to Korea
something that no one else has been able
to do it is interesting we will talk
about this later at the board but to
look at Trump's poll numbers
specifically on this question of North
Korea well we'll talk more about that
later but Nick Kristof in terms of the
possibility if as Jonathan Lemire is
saying this is still something the
president very much wants to make happen
that lion he he had there today saying
everybody plays games do you see any
strategy behind the abrupt cancellation
and it would give Trump that would give
the administration more leverage in
terms of picking things up now know
essentially what it did was antagonize
South Korea and our Asian allies
in the same way that withdrawal from the
Iran deal antagonized Europe and it
seems to have been based as well at
least according to NBC on a complete
misunderstanding of North Korea's
position an assumption that North Korea
wanted was about to back out of the deal
which is preposterous just as earlier
President Trump seemed to enter the idea
of the Singapore talks on a complete
delusion that North Korea was about to
completely hand over all its its nuclear
weapons which likewise was preposterous
so you know I've been covering North
Korea I've been visiting North Korea
since the 1980s this is a moment of
tremendous opportunity and risk and it
is so maddening to see this being
mismanaged with this combination of
ineptitude and ignorance and just kind
of obliviousness
assumed material let me ask you what's
your expectation now as you watch
everything that's being discussed here
everything that's playing out in the
United States in North Korea do you
think there still will be a summit could
it still be on that June date would it
have to be delayed will there be no
summit at all what's your expectation at
this point I actually expect summit to
take place maybe timeline could slip a
little bit because of logistical issues
but Nick was absolutely correct
I think the Truman administration really
misunderstood North Korea here North
Korea had no intention of cancer in the
summit the two previous statements that
they produce there was just really the
protest or just talk about Libya and all
this they didn't mean to cancel the
meeting so when you look at the last
statement they produce seven hours after
Trump canceled the meeting it was very
conciliatory I have never seen a North
Korean statement actually personally
praising Trump saying he's a bold
decision maker and so on so I think
North Korea is very much into having
this meeting with Trump and summit will
take place because President Trump also
wants it well NBC News reported there
was significant disagreement within the
administration over what to do about
North Korea one person close to Trump
said the president was unhappy with vice
president Pence's public remarks
appearing to threaten regime change in
North Korea and meanwhile according to
several administration officials
Secretary of State Mike Palmer
who has taken the lead in negotiating
with the North Koreans blamed John
Bolton for torpedoing the progress that
had already been made Bolton and Anthony
president's national security adviser
has a long history of calling for regime
change in North Korea I think this is
potentially a meeting that begins and
ends with the president saying tell me
what you're going to do to denuclearize
and Kim jong-un saying well we'll have
talks about this and talks about that so
it could be a long and unproductive
meeting or it could be a short and
unproductive meeting North Korea has a
playbook of phrases that they use
depending on what their propaganda
strategy is I think that that their
history over decades is that they like
Iran like others use negotiations to buy
time to conceal their nuclear weapons
and ballistic missile activities are
there any diplomatic options left in
your view I think the only diplomatic
option left is to end the regime in
North Korea well John you see this is a
priority to the president something he
cares about do you have a sense who has
his ear we're showing Bolton there
Pompeo is there a sense within the
administration whose view of this he's
most sensitive to that changes minute by
minute as was both things with President
Trump particularly with advisors or in
outside of favor I mean both it is a
truism sterling administration that he
fought he tends to listen to sort of the
newer voices in the room both Pompeo and
Bolden are relatively new additions to
the administration
Pompeyo of course has made I believe two
trips now to North Korea in order to
sort of grease the wheels for this
summit he is certainly urging the
President to move forward perhaps
cautiously but believes it should happen
Bolton has sort of suggested that he
will go of course go along with what the
president has said but he has advised
against it that he is he does not
believe Kim jong-un is to be trusted he
thinks that she was just heard him say
you know he thinks regime change would
be the best course of action here within
the White House that I'll say just in
the last few hours they have said
there's a team of staffers are supposed
to go to Singapore in the next day or so
to work on some of the logistics of the
summit as of now they're still planning
to go you know that doesn't mean that
the someone's going to happen it
certainly doesn't mean it'll still
happen on June 12th but it's an
indication that they have not quite
given up on the possibility of these
talks it's interesting too
Nik when you talk about Bolton saying
regime change Bolton talking about
making another Libya you know out of
North Korea Libya were Qaddafi gave up
the nuclear weapons in a decade later
you know he's taken from power and he's
killed it does raise the bigger picture
question about any potential
negotiations here how there ever could
be a middle ground if the goal from the
US standpoint is denuclearization and in
Trump has said basically nothing short
of that and then you've got a North
Korean regime that would say well look
what happened to Qaddafi so there are
people in the administration and a lot
of Korea watchers who I think can
envision a process and it involves
reaching some kind of a general
statement and then North Korea blows up
some ICBMs it freezes production of
nuclear materials it stops nuclear test
missile tests and then over time
sanctions especially from China and
South Korea are eased and the main thing
is we're not shooting missiles at each
other it's not North Korea
denuclearizing but it's least better
than where we are now but the problem is
that john bolton is dead set against
that and you know look at the end of the
day bolton has a perfect record of
getting things wrong over the last 20
years on iraq on Iran on North Korea in
the case of North Korea in 2002 he
helped kill the agreed framework which
had halted North Korean production of
nuclear materials and he seems to have I
mean my reading of this is that he
killed this Pompeyo outreach possibly by
misleading the president about what
North Korea was going to do and likewise
he in 2003-2004 he killed and earlier
European deal with Iran and now earlier
this month he helped kill the latest
Iran deal so I think that john bolton is
has this he's hit the trifecta of
getting every major thing wrong and now
he's indeed doing it again and assuming
from the North Korean perspective do you
have a sense what the North Korean
regime what their read is on Trump do
they think they figured a matter they
think they know how he's approaching
this why is approaching at what his sort
of game is
here well it's hard for any of us who
have figured that up so I'm not sure if
North Koreans have figured that out but
certainly the last statement that was
released by North Korea personally
praising Trump I think shows me that
they've also learned a little bit of a
few lessons of how to deal with Trump
but I think Trump cancelling the summit
to begin with I think that did kind of
surprise the North Koreans but they're
not used to US president acting this way
they probably they did get away with all
these kind of antics before so I think
that did kind of surprise the North
Korean so I think that's still trying to
figure out how Trump works like rest of
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
