The Post reporting today quote the night
before trunk delivered his first speech
to Congress in February 2017 he huddled
the senior adviser Jared Kushner
and Stephen Miller in the Oval Office to
talk immigration the president
reluctantly agreed with suggestions that
he strike a gentler tone on immigration
in the speech Trump reminded them that
the crowds loved his rhetoric on
immigrants along the campaign trail and
acting as if he were at a rally he then
read aloud a few made-up Hispanic names
and described potential crimes they
could have committed such as rape or
murder then he said the crowds would
roar when the criminals were thrown out
of the country as they did when he
highlighted crimes by illegal immigrants
at his rallies according to a person
president for the exchange and one other
briefed on it later Miller and Kushner
laughed right well it's not surprising
this is the president who who made his
mark coming down that escalator and
making remarks that were very similar
but it's another reminder of why he is
utterly unfit to be the president of the
United States something like 17 percent
of Americans are foreign-born my mother
was a refugee - this came as a refugee
my father was born in Mexico as a matter
of statistical fact immigrants including
illegal immigrants commit violent crimes
at a much lower rate than been native
native-born Americans but it goes to the
heart of his demagogic appeal to a
nativist base and a form of xenophobic
politics which is supplanted the kind of
conservatism that attracted me as a kid
under Ronald Reagan America as a signing
city on a hill people ought to spend
time going back to a 1980 debate between
George HW Bush and Ronald Reagan and
listening to the way they spoke about
Mexican or Latin American immigrants
compared to what we have today to trace
the decline in the moral state and moral
stature of the Republican Party it's
it's so frustrating because he does not
understand nor does he care to
understand that he's not just head of
government in our system he's head of
state which means he has to be the
upholder of the
values that built the country regardless
of everything of politics instead we
have this high school production of a
Tony Soprano monologue that's really
what he thinks he is and it's corrosive
to the country it'll be his undoing in
the end but he's doing damage
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
