a new line crossed as the Trump
administration's controversial
classified meeting on the Russia probe
got even worse because reporters caught
Donald Trump's criminal defense attorney
for the probe sneaking into the meeting
let me tell you right up front this is
not normal this is a breach and tonight
the White House is rushing out a spin
that this breach was actually some kind
of legitimate move and planned all along
that is false this inappropriate
meddling into the probe is actually so
incriminating the White House sought to
hide it from ever being public let me
show you exactly why we know that
because of this evidence
it's simple evidence right here an
unusual press release that the DOJ
released 10:00 p.m. last night and it
states first a second meeting was added
with the gang of eight intelligence
leaders and second this thing lists all
the attendees so it's States who's
supposed to go to this very formal very
important classified meeting but today
the Trump administration was busted and
that makes the list untrue because it's
missing the one person who has no
business being at this internal
classified gang of eight meeting but who
was spotted entering the meeting right
there you see the evidence that's Donald
Trump's Russia attorney amid flood and
he waltzed into this meeting along with
UC with him Donald Trump's chief of
staff John Kelly an attendee the Trump
administration clearly did not want
announced now if you watch this show and
our coverage you know there are nights
when we report on this widening criminal
probe into the Trump presidency and we
stress all the possible ways to view the
evidence we note sometimes the subject
might even seem guilty but its presumed
innocence or we might tell you Jared
Kushner spent a long time with
investigators but that doesn't mean he
did anything wrong I want to be clear
with you this is not one of those nights
because as a matter of law and precedent
there is no other factual way to view
this meddling in the probe what we saw
in that meeting today was improper and
it was unprecedented and it does risk
undermining parts of the Malheur probe
for Trump's chief of staff to walk his
criminal defense attorney into the
meeting of the prosecution and these
leaders now that's the facts which I
give to you I will also report for you
tonight on what's happening as people
are seeing those photographs and seeing
what really happened the ranking member
of the Intelligence Committee noting
there has never been a gang of eight
meeting including a presidential defense
attorney and adding that mr. flood had
quote no business showing up now no
other defendant in the country gets
their attorney to secretly crash a law
enforcement meeting about an open probe
El Chapo's lawyer does not get to
bum-rush classified DEA meetings but
that is what Trump did today at this
controversial meeting which in context
was of course to discuss his conspiracy
theory that the deep state is basically
out to get him this is Donald Trump
melding his role as Donald Trump the
subject of a probe and his other role
the more important one Donald Trump
president United States now as a legal
matter we don't know if Trump will
ultimately face allegations of
obstruction or collusion from Robert
Mullin
but as a factual matter we know today
Donald Trump was exposed for melding his
role as subject and president much along
the same lines that Richard Nixon
infamously did and when Nixon did it
when he blatantly and even obsessively
tried to bend the Justice Department
into his own personal defense team it
raised an obvious question for the
nation was he doing it out of some kind
of misplaced arrogance regardless of the
facts of the case or was he doing it
because he was guilty
and because he knew he was guilty so he
knew that even blatant and
guilty-looking obstruction was a better
path to self-preservation than allowing
authorities to gather the evidence of
his guilt
I turned now to form a Watergate special
prosecutor Nick Ackerman as well as
Heather McGee president of public policy
group demos and former federal
prosecutor John Flannery who served as a
special counsel in three different
congressional investigations John I put
the question to you how unusual is this
and does it track in any way with
concerns about how Nixon comported
himself towards the Justice Department
it makes Nixon look like a minor players
compared to
these guys are prepared to do you have
them basically the gang of eight or
Nunez the compromised individual who
pretended to run an independent
investigation who seemed to be just the
delivery boy for the white house but we
we have rules against disclosing these
things in an investigation there's an
exception number seven in the FOIA rules
that would prevented this should have
prevented this they should have never
complied they should have gone to court
about it it also strikes me as it's a
pretty clear indication of corruption
when they've allied themselves with the
white house in this way to get evidence
that nobody else's you suggested in your
opening could get in any other
investigation it's an abuse of power I
think it exceeds even what happened in
John Mitchell's Department of Justice
when he was the Attorney General so I I
just can't imagine how far we've gone
and how little the resistance was the
people of Justice Department should have
said take us to court yes you're saying
you're saying and we're looking at these
images again it will put them back up on
the screen because these are the images
that got them busted today the man
you're seeing there Emmett flood is not
the TV lawyer Rudy Giuliani he is the
actual day-to-day criminal defense
attorney for the president and he was
not on the list tonight this is very
important he was basically hidden from
view but because we do have still an
open society and open press he was
caught by these photographs and you're
saying tonight in your view John that
this is part of what you view as
meddling that is worse than Nixon yes I
do think so and I as I understand it
from the reports and you correct me if
I'm wrong the chief of staff for the
president was also present yes what is
that about I I think that the
combination what the role Nunez is
played and the way that they demanded to
see this and they made this sound
political and partisan when in fact I
believe it's interference with an
investigation with only one possible
reason they seek to discredit every
element of this investigation in the
final hours before the fight the charges
are filed in a report in an indictment
in an unindicted co-conspirator charge
however it comes out so that they have
created doubt about
the credibility of the major players in
this investigation that is an outrage
that's a shame and a disgrace
I think it's unethical I think it may be
criminal NIC Ackerman this is exactly
what happened in Watergate John Dean who
was the White House Counsel actually
would the approval of the then director
L Patrick gray the director of the FBI
sat in on 14 interviews of White House
individuals employees he also received
from the FBI 302 reports which were
interview reports of individuals that
the FBI had interviewed in the Watergate
in battle but what I have to ask you and
and viewers will be forgiven for feeling
like this is an MC Escher painting of
obstruction that keeps collapsing in on
of itself but if what you and John are
saying is legally true then does what
happened today also have to go into
something that Muller investigates it's
all part of a pattern that's been going
on a pattern of obstruction an effort to
try and impede the investigation and
effort to try and provide information to
Donald Trump and others in the White
House so they can tailor their stories
to whatever it is the evidence is that's
out there that's why this is an
obstruction of justice what they're
trying to do is learn what the
government knows so that they can then
come up with a story that they can put
together before anyone's called into a
grand jury
where they have to answer questions
without being able to confer with each
other to know what the government's
evidence is that is clearly obstruction
of justice Heather this is what
congressman Schiff is saying about this
now that the Russia defense lawyer mr.
floods involvement in any capacity was
quote entirely improper and only
underscores what Rudy Giuliani said
president's legal team expects to use
this information to glean improperly
from the Justice Department or the
allies in Congress their legal advantage
this is why we have felt for so long
that we cannot trust the
House Committee and leadership to do
what they should be doing which is
operating as a separate and independent
branch of government investigating and
understanding what is going on with the
vital national security interests of
this country you know I remember sitting
at a desk like this when it was breaking
news that Devon Nunez had gone back to
the White House to share information we
know that this is a this is I would say
a conspiracy between members of the
Republican Party on the house on the
house side particularly and the White
House to try to have a same set of
talking points a playbook a narrative in
the media and so if you're right does
that show that rod Rosenstein was wrong
in starting to buckle piecemeal to do
these meetings because there are people
including people who are critical of
Trump who said most of the live in
Washington and are still basically stuck
in a Washington mindset but they said
well this half-measure
they've said on this show his rods way
of keeping his job but what you're
saying would seem to suggest that Rosen
Stein buckling invites more of this
meddling that's right I mean they're
very clear that this is a game of
survival here they are willing to go to
the mat to say anything to impugn the
entire intelligence operations of the
United States to threaten our national
security all to keep Donald Trump and
his allies and his campaign staff his
family out of the crosshairs of account
legal accountability and so I think
Democrats need to wake up and John let
me let me say John listen to Sarah
Huckabee Sanders saying earlier in the
week that what just happened what was
busted what was caught what was revealed
only through the Free Press would not
indeed happen take a listen I can't tell
you the president asked chief of staff
Kelly to set up the meeting it is
scheduled to take place on Thursday of
this week no one from the White House
staff will attend of course one White
House staffer publicly attended in John
Kelly of course is not only staff he's
chief of staff but number two we'll put
up on the screen when mr. floods
appointment was announced it was made
very clear and that flood will be
joining the White House staff and then
today he was as I've been
porting snuck in and crashed the meeting
well their cover story was that they
wanted to do oversight of the FBI I
didn't know mr. flood was in a position
to conduct the oversight and I think
that the fact that we have two houses of
Congress dominated by a president who's
hell-bent on making this a
constitutional crisis suggests that
despite the Department of Justice rule
against him in tithing a president that
Muller should seriously consider
indicted this president if he has the
evidence we suspect that he has for
obstruction and for the conspiracy to
sell out our campaign system how do you
John how do you support that position
when the DOJ that you work for does have
written guidance again
well Nick and I both served in the
Southern District of New York and
sometimes they called it the sovereign
district of New York because they
wrestled to have the Southern District
conform to some of their rules and
regulations but I'm talking about the
law and when we had the the
investigation in Watergate
Jaworski said as a matter of law the
president could be indicted star said
the same thing in the Clinton
investigation I'm saying that in this
case where we can't rely on Congress
absent a spinal implant to do what is
their duty and obligation to do but I
got a press you I got a press you on
this torski can say what he wants ken
starr solicited that view from a law
professor which is as good as any other
lawyer but who know and I'm asking you
that the written guidance under both
parties has been advising against that
yes well they may advise against it but
the Constitution which is the principal
law of this land provides that these are
mutual exclusive remedies and when we
prosecuted Spiro Agnew and he raised the
objection that since he hadn't been
impeached he couldn't be indicted the
court said yes you may be and that is
the rule that I would seek to enforce
against this president in the absence of
a system that constitutionally is
challenged by the errors and misconduct
and crimes that are occurring in the
West Wing and can I just add that the
American people don't think that
anyone should be above the law even the
President of the United States given
that we incarcerate more people in this
country than most of the rest of the
world combined the idea that someone
could break the law at the highest level
and get off scot-free
just grates against our sense of
fundamental fairness hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
