every Weinstein's attorney Ben Brafman
is speaking with reporters after the
media mogul was arraigned on sex crimes
charges we want to listen in for just a
moment as we expect craftsmen to talk
about with Weinstein has seen today in
court I'm going to make a brief
statement I'm going to distribute a
brief press statement in writing as well
which hopefully you will share and I may
take just a couple of questions
mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of
not guilty we intend to see
I'm gonna make a brief statement I'm
going to distribute a brief written
statement and I may take a few questions
mr. Weinstein will enter a plea of not
guilty we intend to move very quickly to
dismiss these charges we believe that
they are constitutionally flawed we
believe that they are not factually
supported by the evidence and we believe
that at the end of the process
mr. Weinstein will be exonerated someone
inside asked me how mr. Weinstein feels
this morning and my response was as well
as can be expected when you are accused
of a crime that you vehemently deny
having committed so we are going through
the process today is the first step
we knew that mr. Weinstein was under
investigation for more than seven months
he voluntarily surrendered this morning
and we have met all of the bail
conditions by agreement so that we would
not have extended court proceedings we
have a right to revisit any issue in
this case later in the event that an
indictment is returned and I anticipate
that this case will ultimately be
resolved favorably as to mr. Weinstein
I'm going to take just one I'm going to
make that decision next week
mr. Weinstein has always maintained that
any sexual activity he engaged in was
consensual
he has vehemently denied any of the
allegations which suggest that he
engaged in non-consensual sexual
activity many of these allegations are
long overdue quite frankly having been
made about events that are alleged to
have occurred many years ago they were
not reported to the police at the time
these events occurred and I anticipate
that the women who have made these
allegations when subjected to
cross-examination in the event we even
get that far that the charges will not
be believed by twelve people assuming we
get 12 fair people were not consumed by
the movement that seems to have
overtaken this case I think the details
of the bail conditions were discussed in
open court I really don't want to
revisit them now he has met them we
deposited a million dollars of cash bail
that was required by the court and we've
agreed to turn over mr. Weinstein's
passport and that's where we are
what I anticipate a vigorous defense
that's been my professional job for
almost 40 years and I think most of you
know that I think the federal
investigation if it occurs we will deal
with it when and if that happens I am
hoping to continue my discussions with
the Southern District and my efforts to
dissuade them from proceeding that
investigation too has gone on for many
months pattern of misconduct by mr.
Weinstein against these women well let
me say this without defending behavior
my job is not to defend behavior my job
is to defend something that is criminal
behavior bad behavior
mr. Weinstein did not invent the casting
couch in Hollywood and to the extent
that there is bad behavior in that
industry that is not what this is about
that behavior is not on trial in this
case it's only if you intentionally
committed a criminal act and mr.
Weinstein vigorously denies that they
say that he did commit I understand that
that's why we're here that's why we're
here
people don't get convicted based on
accusations people get convicted only
when there is credible evidence beyond a
reasonable doubt and in this case I do
not believe that the district attorney
has that nor do I believe that mr.
Weinstein has intentionally violated the
law thank you very much
you have been watching Benjamin Brafman
now leaving the courtroom in New York
City after speaking with reporters after
the arraignment of Harvey Weinstein
Rothman's defense the Weinstein didn't
invent the casting couch culture in
Hollywood that bad behavior is not
what's on trial adding that he is hoping
to find a jury who is not as he put it
consumed by the movement that is
overtaking this case Weinstein's case of
course triggered the me2 movement
rocketing it into the national
consciousness after a series of women
dozens of them came out against this yes
bad behavior by the Hollywood mogul what
you are seeing today has been a stunning
fall from grace for Harvey Weinstein and
potentially just the beginning here
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
