at the expense of everything else so I
take your bag Sam but the truth of the
matter is that is a real sticking point
for him yeah he cannot show weakness you
now we're seeing pictures of Harvey
Weinstein he is surrendering to police
and the sexual misconduct cases that
have rocked not only Hollywood but the
United States and the started the me2
movement this is where it has led us
Weinstein is expected in surrendering to
authorities today at the New York Police
Department's first precinct in southern
Manhattan he's expected to be
fingerprinted and then photographed then
he is expected to be transported to the
New York County Criminal Court where
Weinstein will be released on 1 million
dollar bail and required to wear an
ankle monitor that according to two
sources because of the nature of
allegations the statute of limitations
does not apply because it involved
forcible compulsion and that time limit
the statute of limitations for those
sort of alleged crimes were actually
done away with back in 2001 so he will
not be protected by any statute of
limitations and kETK a remarkable turn
of events for a man who five-six years
ago was the king of Hollywood and who
was a man who decided who got Academy
Awards and who didn't by simply picking
them for his films yeah I'm just looking
at those pictures have been walking in
and he looks so kind of frail and and
stumbling almost and and aged and I
wonder whether the women who have
accused him women like Ashley Judd whose
career was so impacted by Harvey
Weinstein and who is now charging the
Harvey Weinstein with having effectively
done her out of the potential of
millions of dollars of earnings because
when she resisted his advances she said
then her career started to get derailed
and suddenly she wasn't getting parts
that she had be
up to and now she's wondering was that
Harvey Weinstein's doing and you have to
think what is actually judge thinking
watching these pictures of Harvey
Weinstein being humbled walking you know
the perp walk walking past the cameras
into the courthouse kind of stumbling
kind of shuffling looking rather aged
and as you say he was one of the most
powerful men in Hollywood and it's worth
remembering that this whole me -
movement is not about sex this is about
power it's about people in a position of
power who have abused that power to take
advantage of people who are under them
and put their careers in in jeopardy and
of course cause them you know years of
mental anguish
you know Andrea this has been a long
time coming but Hollywood certainly is
not the first major institution touched
by this of course we all had to endure
the pain and just the nightmarish
allegations and evidence of sexual abuse
inside the Catholic Church for decades
we saw this happen at Penn State we
certainly saw this happen in the media
world in the news world in Hollywood in
sports its but this is I'm sure for many
people this is an important step even if
Weinstein is not ultimately convicted
because it is hard for prosecutors to
convict on these sort of charges these
cases are so difficult we saw the the
long travail in The Cosby case and other
cases where evidence is hard to
establish we're years have elapsed and
we're frankly women who are witnesses
are put on trial themselves victims are
put on trial and are not given enough
credence in the law and in the courts
but look at this this perp walk this man
who as caddie was describing looks frail
but frankly he just is the symbol
whether he's convicted or not the symbol
of everything that is wrong that is
corrupt in these power relationships in
industry after industry and he is
really the leading perpetrator of all
those who have been accused of serial
abuses forcible rape of using his power
and of being empowered by waiting or
unwitting allies in the industry and
elsewhere in politics and CAD ek five
years ago not even five years ago three
years ago this guy was at the top not
only of the Hollywood power structure
but of the New York social scene of
American politics he was friends of
presidents friends of prime ministers
you name it Harvey Weinstein was one of
the most connected people not only in
New York and Hollywood but anywhere in
America yeah
Democratic presidents have stayed in his
house he's been a big fundraiser for
them and as he told the women himself I
can make or break your career he made no
bones about this that he was asking them
to do things to him sexually and in
return he would advance their career
because he had the power as you said
earlier Joe you know to win you an Oscar
if he put you in the right in the right
film Ashley Judd was up for a role in
Lord of the Rings it would have netted
her millions of dollars in income but
also it would have really catapulted her
career at that particular moment in her
career and she didn't get that role even
though she was really in the running for
it and she wonders when now and the suit
that she's bringing now is whether
Harvey Weinstein had a word and said no
you can't hire her and he chose his
women very carefully he chose women who
were ambitious who wanted to get in
there ahead in their careers but who are
also not powerful enough yet to rebuff
him and to say no you know I'm not going
to do that so he was strategic about the
women he chose and he deliberately
played on that desire quite
understandable desire to get ahead in
their careers again breaking news Harvey
Weinstein has surrendered and he is
surrendered to authorities today and the
New York Police Department's first
precinct in southern Manhattan he's
expected to be fingerprinted
photographed then transported to the New
York County Criminal Court where
Weinstein it is
will be released on 1 million dollar
bail and be required to wear an ankle
monitor according to two sources and we
will follow this news as it develops
throughout the day and still to come on
Morning Joe why was the president's
in-house counsel at yesterday's highly
classified briefings with top members of
Congress and the DOJ well the
president's outside counsel Rudy
Giuliani said it was because quote the
president personally wanted him there so
again this is the stuff of rwan and
Putin this is not the stuff of American
presidents we don't say I hereby demand
I'm going to launch an investigation of
the people who are investigating me or
who doesn't say I want my personal
lawyer there too
and try to intimidate the FBI in the
Department of Justice it's unbelievable
we're going to talk about this more
straight ahead
also ahead we went through the list
earlier the Paris climate Accord
shredded the Iran nuclear deal gone TPP
out the window the North Korea summit
cancelled we have the New York ters
Susan Glasser she's going to say it all
points to a president who's actually
much better at breaking deals than
making them and Susan joins us with a
new piece in The New Yorker coming up
next on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
