let's let me start with you and let's
just before we get into all the details
of the the meeting that was going to be
but now he's been called off at least
for the time being I'm curious in your
media reaction because my immediate
reaction is a positive one you don't
have half-baked summits you don't leap
in to try to change headlines on the
front page the paper he rushed in just
for those that don't remember he rushed
in to a meeting where he wasn't even
supposed to be a member he pushed and
said let's have a summit and 15 minutes
later he made hatch to summit on one of
the most important geopolitical issues
and the globe so anything that pushes
that summit back and gives him more time
to prepare at least for me
that seems like good news what about you
I agree I thought there was no chance
this summit could succeed the the gap
between the two sides was enormous Joe
to me so this is something of a respite
something of an opportunity and the real
question is whether the time is used to
create the conditions where a summit
could could be convened more
fundamentally where diplomacy could
succeed and I actually think on both
sides have to think but in particularly
the American side and the most important
set of meetings might happen in the sit
room and at the White House in the
Situation Room and whether the
administration is prepared to accept as
a first step something more limited and
more modest but the idea that as an
opening gambit North Korea is simply
going to come to the table and say
you're right we're going to give up all
of our nuclear weapons and by the way
we're going to open the most closed
country in the world so the most
intrusive inspections ever designed and
implemented that policy had zero chance
of working so I think in the first
instance the real question is whether
this administration is going to rethink
the basis of its policy well and and
Jeremy I'm finding this new strange
effect affection in my heart for John
Bolton who really deep-six this summit
himself by continuing to talk about the
Libya model the Libya model now people
may ask why what North Korea like the
Libya model because Qaddafi gave up his
WMD program
and then we killed him so I really do
think Bolton's started throwing that out
there to make the North Koreans go wait
a second the only reason the Americans
have invaded us to date is because we
have nuclear weapons so now they want us
to need nuclear ice exactly Joe now I'm
with you and Richard I think that a
delay the summit is fine but the manner
in which it was done I think is highly
dangerous so if the two sides had gone
together and said look we need more time
we need some confidence-building
measures we have to have our lower-level
diplomats get together then we'll put
our leaders forward for summit that
would have been fine but here we have an
exchange of letters in which the
president is praying to God and he's
never said he's prayed to God publicly
brought many other contexts he's praying
to God he won't have to use our massive
and powerful nuclear arsenal by the way
by the way he was watching the show
yesterday when we talked about how
evangelicals supported him even though
he was the least religious man we'd ever
seen in the public square that he never
prayed to God because he said he'd ever
needed to pray to God we'll Wawa Donald
Trump rights to the North Korean leader
he's got fear and by the way by the way
people would say oh you're making it
about yourself know everybody the
administration tells us he watches the
show every day so go ahead and then what
will the north - so the North Koreans
could actually continue to test
intercontinental ballistic missiles
right it could continue to fire
short-range medium-range missiles
towards Japan as they did five times
during last the middle of last year and
we could get him back to this
provocative cycle and then I think we
put our military on more of a war
footing and there could be a military
conflict so I'm fine with delaying
summits but the manner in which it was
done I think is highly dangerous well a
caddy but they may just be back on again
last night
breaking news that that North Korea
issued a statement saying they were
deeply disappointed and they want to
come back together and somehow figure
out a way to make this summit go forward
I like I said yesterday we would all do
well to ignore the words of the leaders
of the two countries and focus on those
that are actually working underneath it
seems like everybody is posing right now
yeah and it's but and I and maybe
everybody was posing all along and maybe
Donald Trump was posing because
wanted to do something that none of his
predecessors had done and maybe the
North Koreans were posing because Kim
jong-un wanted to be upset his people
look I can get the photo opportunity
with Donald Trump
I agree that was a good idea to postpone
or even cancel this summit because the
conditions for it were not right the
problem is that if of course the last
two months since this summit has been a
network announced we've now actually put
ourselves into potentially a worse
position because the relationship
between the South Koreans in the u.s.
were not on the same page right China
has been peeled off and the North
Koreans have succeeded in doing that
they've got Xi Jinping on their side he
is no and when you don't have a unified
bloc there is not maximum pressure on
North Korea and Pyongyang still has its
nuclear weapons so would we have
actually been better not to have gone
through the last two months at all and
to have carried on just those
negotiations that you can that go on in
back-channel that we know every
administration has with the North
Koreans through a channels and carried
that on without making this big public
we're richer duck don't you I mean isn't
isn't a pretty good bet that you you're
going to see this summit in the end
anyway that these leaders are going to
be drawn to each other like a moth is
drawn to a flame and they're not going
to be able to help themselves at the end
and you can understand why the North
Koreans that would be an extraordinary
win for the North Koreans to have a
face-to-face meeting with the United
States President and for Donald Trump
well Donald Trump is Donald Trump those
are some pretty good headlines I think
you're probably right Joe but each side
is nervous about being blamed for the
failure of a summit the North Koreans
don't want to show up and get mousetrap
by American demands that they can't meet
the American side doesn't want to be
humiliated mr. Trump does not like
walking into situations where he doesn't
succeed because you know we saw the
build-up over the last few weeks so the
real question is whether again we're
prepared to to compromise and the
alternatives as Cadi said one is to
think about living with the North Korea
that has a large and growing arsenal of
bombs and missiles that can reach us or
going to war given how awful those two
alternatives are there is a logic for
diplomacy
the real question again I think is
whether we're prepared to take half a
loaf as a first stage it doesn't rule
out events
denuclearization though I'm skeptical
will ever get to that point in reality
but uh but the real question again is
whether we're prepared to take something
less as a first step because again
that's the most the North Koreans are
going to agree to and I think it's
important to keep in mind this is that
somehow the that it this is where I
think the administration really has it
wrong that they think we got to where we
are Joe simply because of threats and
sanctions and that more pressure
therefore can give us more of a result
again I'm pretty persuaded that we got
to where we are the North Korea
essentially said hey we've reached a
plateau we've done a lot of tests of
missiles and bombs we can't use our
testing site right now maybe we can
trade a little bit of what we've done or
what we might do for some economic
relief or some sanctions relief so
depending upon why why you think we got
to where we are that it's pressure on
our part well rather that the North
Koreans simply decide maybe we can get
something out of this that tells you a
lot about where we're going to go more
you're right richer they race to a point
where they have the ability possibly to
at least threaten the delivery of a
nuclear weapon
anywhere in the continental United
States that's a pretty good place to
bargain from and they got at least the
threat of that and then they can begin
their bargaining but I'm with you
they're not going to be giving it up
anytime soon certainly not for Donald
Trump
especially when his national security
advisors talking about the quote Libya
model look thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up to date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
