within the past few days a group of
about 20 international journalists
including a couple Americans flew over
to North Korea they came from all over
the place from Britain and China and
Russia from here North Korea said they
were gonna blow up their nuclear testing
facility they've been testing nukes
inside a mountain they said they were
going to destroy the facility inside
that mountain they invited this troop of
reporters to watch it was a sort of
controversial thing because there was
questions raised about whether this site
might have already been unusable anyway
so maybe the whole thing was just for
show North Korea in any case decided
these reporters could watch this happen
but they wouldn't allow any nuclear
experts to witness the destruction of
this supposin site it's been kind of a
kooky trip for these journalists so far
one of the most dangerous parts of the
world particularly for foreigners once
they landed the journalists took a 12
hour train ride toward the nuclear
facility next they took a four hour bus
ride then they finished the trip on foot
they hiked for two hours to this
mountain this nuclear facility the
journalists were allowed for a little
while to walk through the tunnels where
they have tested the nukes they saw the
tunnels strapped with explosives the
journalists were then led out of the
tunnels and over to some viewing stands
and then BOOM
a reporter for Britain's Sky News said
quote there was a huge explosion you
could feel it dust came at you the heat
came at you it was extremely loud so
that was today in North Korea and then a
few hours later right after North Korea
announced that they had blown up their
nuclear testing site with two dozen
international journalists still on the
ground in North Korea under the watchful
and controlling eye of North Korean
officials that is when our president
sent North Korea a letter calling off
the u.s. North Korea summit that was
supposed to happen a couple weeks from
now quote sadly based on the tremendous
anger and open hostility displayed in
your most recent statement I feel it is
inappropriate at this time to have the
long planned meeting it has always been
a little hard to believe that Donald
Trump was going to become the first US
president ever to meet a dictator of
North Korea the effort to bring that
meeting about has been chaotic and
disorganized in some
time's nonsensical from the start but
when the president sent that letter this
morning with those foreign journalists
including American journalists still on
the ground in North Korea completely
under control of the North Korean
government that put those journalists in
in danger in wanton danger
the president said American forces today
were ready if necessary
ready necessary in case the North Korean
dictator decided to do something foolish
after he decided to to tank these
nuclear talks but that was a long trade
ride back to the airport for those
reporters in that moment hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
