joining us at the table is former NFL
player Marvin Washington they spent 11
seasons in the league what's happening I
think the NFL owners are bowing to 45
and his base and they're looking at
their bottom line which ratings did drop
but I don't think it's because of the
you know the protest I think is because
football has a safety issue and so they
didn't consult the NFLPA and they didn't
consult the players on this and they
came out with this stance and I think
it's short-sighted and it's even made
the situation worse because with these
guys that are standing in the locker
room you're basically putting a Scarlet
Letter on them and when they come out
the locker room whether they're home or
way they're going to get moved they're
going to get heckled and sponsors are
going to be able to easily identify them
whether they want to work with them or
not a social media campaign of course of
course and then you know they think that
that forty-five cents in November or in
October midterm unless elections are
coming and forty fives in a red state
and he's free willing from podium as he
always does
and he said with those SOPs they're
staying in a locked room I lost the door
or calmer ammo or what have you
now what was the expected player to do
and then what are the owners gonna do
that tell me about the president playing
to the owners fear of embracing these
issues I mean the NBA doesn't have these
issues they certainly seem to so we've
led with coach Kerr basically calling
this idiotic an idiotic policy I can
agree with that because the NBA you know
the they haven't mandated that there are
personnel and their players stand but I
believe they treat their players as
partners in this we're the owners
treating the former players as
commodities or employees and they're not
not listening to they had an opportunity
to come in and have a sensible anthem
policy if they would have included
players because say give the players
something say you don't have to do it
during the national anthem maybe one the
first play of the game and you have more
attention because who watches the
national anthem but if they want
compliance from the players and this is
my deal why should they make money off
of this because they're not shutting
down the concessions you know shut down
the concessions
have people sat at attention but you're
comfortable with that but this thing is
it's far from over and it's got a rear
his head again what's the season starts
what gym we started covering this when
the president started targeting players
who were protesting it's when it became
a political story White House story why
aren't there more voices in the
Democratic Party defending players
rights to free speech I mean this is
just a a clear-cut First Amendment issue
for even General Michael Hayden who
served as a Republican head of the CIA
said if forced to choose between Colin
Kaepernick and the president banning
peaceful silent protest during the
anthem I'm of Colin Kaepernick that's
amazing president term statement today
literally this is a moment he became
Senator Joseph McCarthy literally saying
you can't be in my country if you don't
do it the way I want you to do it it is
the craziest thing and you have a real
contrast between the NFL that doesn't
even talk to the players doesn't address
it with the fans doesn't have a plan and
yesterday the NBA's Milwaukee Bucks
issue an amazing statement to basically
one of their players was tased by the
police they said look this isn't just
about one player this is about a
societal problem that we all need to
work together on and we're all a piece
of this puzzle what a huge contrast
between that and the NFL and I think
that members of both parties should be
condemned to right there should be more
people saying this is the United States
of America where free speech actually
matters I thought we were all fighting
for freedom here and if freedom means
that you're gonna use your platform to
address some of these issues in the way
LeBron James does or the way NFL players
do that's a good thing not a bad thing
and instead the president United States
once I kick him out of the country and
and how are the players who aren't at
liberty to speak as freely as you are
how do they feel with all this right now
they feel like they're being owned they
feel like this is a mandate that you
know nobody likes to be ordered around
unless you're in the military and they
feel like this is being put upon them
and it's putting a lot of pressure on
them to choose between something that's
constitute constitutionally protected
and going with the team and I understand
teams of corporations and the Supreme
Court said that corporations are people
so you have another person infringed
somebody else is right and when you look
at the flag to me it means freedom it
means freedom of expression and it means
all those things but right now we're
living in a time where nobody's
especially on the right is standing up
to the statement that he put out today
that's Joseph McCarty and call this I'm
not gonna go away
now shoot today is moved by the NFL just
opened up a Pandora's box politically
they're not gonna be able made it worse
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
