in another stunning development that one
of the president's defense attorneys in
the Russia probe Emmett flood was
present for part of both meetings though
he left before any classified
information was discussed he was there
along with Trump's chief of staff John
Kelly even though Sarah Sanders
specifically said on Tuesday that no one
from the White House would participate
in a statement today the White House
said that neither chief Kelly nor mr.
flood actually attended the meetings but
did make brief remarks before the
meetings started to relay the
president's desire for as much openness
as possible under the law however that
explanation didn't satisfy Democratic
Senator Mark Warner who said on Twitter
for the record the president's chief of
staff and his attorney in an ongoing
criminal investigation into the
president's campaign have no business
showing up did it classified
intelligence briefing well despite all
this Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani appeared
to suggest that the president would
ultimately learn what came out of the
meeting anyway speaking of his
negotiations over whether the president
will testify Giuliani said we wanted to
see how the briefing went today and how
much we learned from it if we learned a
good deal from it it will shorten that
whole process considerably Wow I'm
joined by David corn Washington bureau
chief for Mother Jones at an MSNBC
political analyst hi des pr√©s blade
national political correspondent for NBC
News and Seth Waxman is a former federal
prosecutor David I think this is a
rabbit hole I think that the Justice
Department has been drawn down into the
rabbit hole I don't know why they agreed
to this meeting I don't know why they're
even talking about their evidence the
president is the defendant in this case
and all effects why are they giving his
lawyer access to the meeting why they
give me as chief of staff to access to
the meeting and why are they even
meeting with these people they're
investigating them I've never heard of
investigators meeting with the people be
investigated to go over their evidence
to see if it's okay that they use it
it's extraordinary
David well it's extraordinary but it's
the continuation of what we've seen for
over a year now first they said
unmasking was the real scandal no it
wasn't then they said Obama bugging
Trump was the real scandal no it wasn't
then it was a FISA warrant uranium one
and now it's this phony baloneys story
about a spy and the campaign
this is Donald Trump and all his minions
including people in Congress Republicans
creating alternative realities to call
them a conspiracy theory is to give them
too much credit
just fake facts to get out there to
distract from the core issue Russia
attacked this country and while Russia
was attacking this country during the
2016 campaign
the Trump campaign was sending out
positive signals to Russia and was
denying to the public that this attack
was underway and every moment they throw
up one of these you know confusing
narratives it distracts and it keeps us
from talking about the real thing itself
and now it's degrading the Justice
Department Heidi how do you as a
straight reporter keep the focus on
reality away from this bogus reality
that Trump keeps creating heat in many
ways is running a fake presidency this
doesn't exist this whole thing doesn't
exist anymore than the birther thing
existed it's made-up stuff it's all the
stuff that David just mentioned is
made-up fabricated fake and yet it's
covered because the president I States
deserves daily press coverage how do you
stop covering what is fake itself no one
is stopping it in his own party Chris
and that is why this continues to happen
and now Rosenstein is doing his level
best he's making a calculation here that
he's going to try and in the end save
this investigation by mollifying this
president in terms of even agreeing to
this meeting in the first place but what
happened as soon as he agreed to the
meeting Chris a day later is when the
president began this whole Spygate
tweeting conspiracy and so the president
what he's doing is taking any and every
advantage when that sliver opens in the
door to throw up the fog like David said
this is round three we saw the
wiretapping allegations we saw the
unmasking allegations all of it bogus
and today now no one coming out of that
meeting and saying that there was any
credibility to these accusations that
was there was a spy in his campaign on
the contrary what was confirmed by James
clapper was that someone an informant
was needed because of
evidence based investigation showing
that there was a need for someone to go
into the campaign and find out what the
heck was going on with the Russians
trying to communicate with the potential
future president United States again I
go back to the reverse universe where
you say suppose we had an FBI that did
not check out evidence that the Russians
were messing with our presidential
election including one of the campaigns
that they were taking one of the sides
if they were not doing that
what do we make of the FBI in terms of
counterintelligence were they doing
their job of course not
well the president continued it
purposefully misrepresent the facts on
Twitter this morning falsely saying that
the former Director of National
Intelligence James clapper quote has now
admitted that there was spying in my
campaign however clapper very clearly
said just the opposite on Tuesday let's
watch him was the FBI spying on Trump's
campaign no they were not they were
spying on a term I don't particularly
like but on what the Russians were doing
trying to understand where the Russians
infiltrating trying to gain access
trying to gain leverage and influence so
what do we do about our judicial system
to keep it whole where you have a
president who's been able to push his
way into the actual investigation itself
bringing his attorney private-sector
attorney and MIT flood into a meeting
that sort of make him clear who the boss
is
bring his chief of staff into the
meeting for the same purpose all the
time demanding what he calls
transparency in other words he wants to
give he wants to know everything he can
about what's coming his way in terms of
the investigation so that he can throw
it over pull it apart pull the plug on
it or what I've never heard of a
situation where the defendant gets to
call the shots in the investigation yeah
I mean it's entirely unprecedented maybe
except for the Nixon administration and
we know how that turned out the idea
that a subject gets to send his
surrogates into the prosecutor's office
demand to see documents demand to know
the identity of a confidential informant
learn how that confidential informant
was run and operated just doesn't happen
and then you send mr. flood the attorney
to
wait outside the meeting and shake hands
of people walking in saying hey let's
keep it honest in there let's keep it
transparent I mean there's an implicit
threat with that it's kind of Tony
Soprano s you know he works for the boss
he's going to report back to the boss
and what the boss wants is the result
that you all know so let's go in there
and make sure the right result comes out
as Trump has said and what you know he
wants so it's it's incredibly troubling
and as for the judicial system we all
just have to hope that the wheels of
justice will continue to grind the way
they're supposed to and ultimately you
know whatever the right result will come
out I'll just make one last comment is
that you know unlike business where
sometimes the ends the the
capitalisation the winning of a deal is
the goal the Justice Department works
differently it is the process that
counts we used to talk about when we
were prosecutors it doesn't matter if
it's guilt or innocence at the end of
the day as long as the process was
followed and that is the right result so
it not guilty verdict is justice if
that's if the process was followed and
that's we're losing here we're losing
the process David let's get back to
something we've before it be through
together this and that's the ability of
a president to create reality to create
something because he is president that
people begin to believe must be sort of
real so you had Bush getting us into the
war in Iraq based upon whatever the
co-creation of stuff he created where he
never really admitted his own motive so
he came up with a motive for the country
something called WMD and how they had it
in blah blah blah and there were
meetings in Prague blah blah blah and
there was all kinds of stuff and Cheney
lied and all that and they created a
reality here's the president uses words
like spy and spy gate and people out
there in the talk shows I just know
they're eating it up they're eating up
with the columnist out there on the
right there they're buying into a total
hallucination and that scares what are
we gonna do in our democracy as we move
forward to prevent the presidents from
creating not something out of nothing
just for their political survival the
Trump is doing something new here you
and I have been through a bunch of
scandals whether it was Watergate
iran-contra even the Monica once
Lewinsky stuff and they campaign finance
scandals of the Clinton years and of
course the WMDs stuff and there never
was
a dispute over some basic realities
there was a break-in at Watergate arms
were sold to Iran and money given to the
Contras and people accepted these things
once they emerge people try to keep them
hidden
but once they came out and then the
question was who knew what how bad it
was was there a violation of law this
time around Donald Trump has I guess
learned the lesson of marketing that the
truth doesn't matter so he just gets out
there and says there was no attack the
you know it's all a hoax it's all
witch-hunt and he knows that 30% of his
people the people who he said would
stick with him even if he shot someone
on Fifth Avenue will accept his reality
and I heard you know this frustration in
Heidi's voice when she spoke a few
minutes ago how do you break through
that how do you have a a set of facts
that you can talk about and deal with
them and have a true national discourse
and Trump is doing everything possible
to make sure we can't have an honest
debate because he can't survive one well
this morning came after a five former
top intelligence officials expressed
concern about how the ongoing
investigation is becoming politicized in
the letter to congressional leadership
they wrote that quote when congressional
oversight is overly partisan are focused
on undermining important and
counterintelligence investigations we
worry about inappropriate political
influence on the investigators and the
erosion of a bipartisan approach to
intelligence and national security Heidi
back to you how do we cover we have
people like Brian Paul right now I
always think has been overestimated his
ability and his character I'm serious
about this why is he going over this
this is like Boehner before I'm saying I
don't want to tell people what to think
about birtherism they are so spineless
in the Republican Party now they are
robots puppets for Trump they will say
anything or avoid saying anything
against Trump for fear of their base
kicking him out and of course this is a
big legacy question for Paul Ryan Chris
because unlike Mitch McConnell he's got
Devin newness and he's not been raining
in Devin unis and a lot of this goes
back to in terms of throwing up the
smoke and the fog about unmasking and
wiretapping and now this
Whole meeting that was arranged to Devon
newness but to the previous point of why
this is different I want to address that
Chris what Nixon did not have was a
far-right media echo chamber that is
allowing this to happen Chris I was in
the heartland this past week in Cadillac
Michigan in every place that I walked
into had those Chiron's
up at the bottom of Fox News talking
about spies infiltrating the Trump
campaign no matter what they say 30% of
the people are going to believe it and
this is why it's working Chris because
at the end of the day no matter what
Mueller's recommendations are it's not
up to him to take action who's it up to
it's up to Congress Congress will have
to look at those findings and decide
whether or not to impeach you have that
question out there still about whether
you can indict a sitting president that
leaves it to Congress so if they can
throw up enough of a fog and just
exhaust people about what the truth is
they've succeeded because when those
findings come out 30% at least will not
believe them well the question arises
when is the party of Lincoln going to be
represented by someone like Lincoln and
loyal to that tradition that's whether
the meeting today was appropriate House
Speaker Paul Ryan backed the calls to
investigate the investigators and
defended Trump's actions in the name of
transparency let's watch we know Russia
meddle in our election we know that
there was an effort to get to the bottom
of that and we're going to find out how
all that took place a lot of this is
classified so I'm just going to leave it
at that we're gonna have more briefings
on just this today
I don't know the answer to that question
do you think that the president has done
any lasting damage to the FBI and DOJ no
I don't think I don't I do not believe
that that is the case I think first of
all it's important that we have good
thorough oversight good thorough
oversight accountability and
transparency heals all wounds that are
committed by our government Seth sooner
or later I hope this comes to a
reckoning I think most Americans do want
it to come to a reckoning over the facts
somehow even in the report by mr. Muller
himself that would go to the country and
perhaps as well with the Congress
ultimately perhaps the Congress if it's
a Democratic Congress or Republican
Congress they're going to have to rule
on this is there a peaceful grounds here
for example that's a good point can you
do that where facts themselves are
questioned where one side can say those
are facts as Rudy Giuliani said
yesterday there are different versions
of the truth well what does that mean
exactly what I mean different versions
of the truth yeah I mean that's very
troubling and what you have to believe
is that when the process is carried out
that there will be a fair open and
honest hearing whether that's a trial or
an impeachment proceeding and it's you
know it's my opinion that Trump and his
team have the long game in mind that a
sitting president will not be indicted
there are constitutional hurdles for
that and that might be the correct
result so in an impeachment proceeding
there needs to be two thirds of the
Senate to remove a sitting president and
so there needs that will all Trump is
looking for is 34 Republican senators
that despite what the evidence is
despite how overwhelming it might be you
know to David's point earlier is that he
could go out on Fifth Avenue and shoot
any suit someone and and the people will
stand by him and you know if those 34
Republican senators will vote not to
remove him in impeachment proceedings he
wins he may tear the country apart in
the process but that may be his endgame
I think Donald Trump cares about one
thing and one thing only and it's
himself you know I don't know that he
has a perspective on the institution of
the presidency I wish some reporters
would go out and go door to door on the
United States Senate and ask all the
senators if Donald Trump or any
president shot someone on Fifth Avenue
point-blank in broad daylight
would you vote to remove them from all
or not and I'm telling you you're gonna
have a hard time getting dozens of those
Republicans to say even then would they
ever move the remove to take this guy
out of office now if they're all scared
to death they're all scared they would
just send their thoughts and prayers
Chris thank you sir David corn of course
hi-dee-hi price WA and Seth wax but
thank you for all your various
contributions to this very weird
discussion hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
