tonight I'm obsessed with the real
Russian scandal rocking Washington no
not the one where the deep state Intel
services planted a spy on the Trump
campaign to help hillary win and then
launched a phony russia investigation to
frame president Trump no this is about
an operation to place a Russian directly
in the White House don't believe me it's
a scandal launched way back in 2005 when
a Russian operative this man known to
his handlers as Alex Ovechkin
was recruited by sinister operatives
with Canadian connections to work in
Washington DC and last night in year 12
of this operation Ovechkin if that's
really his name came as close as ever to
achieving this goal and he did it with a
big assist from a co-conspirator named
Andre burakov skee who was a mere 10
years old when this plot was hatched was
burakov skee recruited when he was just
a boy and we'll see what happens
but if he was that would be bigger than
Watergate these two communists are the
Communists a lot of people are saying
they are we'll see anyway the true
communists joined an organization that
cunningly calls itself the Washington
Capitals yeah whatever as part of their
cover
they always dress in red white and blue
red white and blue because they're
Patriots or red white Ted blue because
those just happen to be the colors of
the Russian flag
so now this cabal of foreigners and
immigrants and believe me when Canada
sends its people they're not sending
their best they're bringing their Molson
they're bringing their so-called bacon
and some I assume are good people but
this cabal is now just four steps away
from winning at all and what are they
telling there are thousands of followers
rock the red get it rock the red and
then do you know what happens if they
win it off do you know where they go
I'll tell you where they go they go to
the White House Alex Ovechkin will be
right there next to President Trump
bearing a garish gift from someone named
Lord Stanley or where is it Lords
Stanislas that was not made in the USA
believe me so there you have it a
Russian operative to be welcomed into
the White House by the president United
States and you thought that Clinton
emails were a scandal is it all true a
lot of people are saying so and as Rudy
Giuliani says truth is relative at this
point by the way
let's go caps hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
