I've spent a lot of time working on
authoritarian governments and how
dictators come to power yeah there's a
couple things going on here if you take
a public that is distracted that has
other things that's trying to just lead
their lives which is America which is
what most people are doing and you have
a leader someone they've elected
repeating something over and over and
over again they don't have time to parse
all of the details it starts to sink in
and this before a lot along the lie
becomes the truth and the truth tellers
start telling the lie and so that's the
danger here I think that's the danger I
think we see going on well that's I hope
it means more from some viewers coming
from you than when we're saying it - I
mean that's the thing you're an expert
in this that's what it feels like - some
of us as well in hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
