get to the news now we begin with a late
development and intelligence briefing
for the bipartisan group of
congressional leaders has been added for
later today on the FBI secret source
during the 2016 campaign but it will
come after Republican only briefing for
the president's appointees and
congressional allies the first meeting
at noon will include President Trump's
chief of staff John Kelly whom the White
House earlier said would not attend
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
FBI director Christopher Rea DNI
director Dan coats and Republican
congressman Devin Nunez and trey Gowdy
as well as FBI and DOJ staff the second
meeting scheduled for two hours later
will have all the same participants with
the addition of congressman Nunez his
seven colleagues in the gang of eight
intelligence leaders including for
Democrats Adam Schiff Mark Warner Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer earlier Pelosi
and Schumer wrote to Rosen Stein and Ray
that the briefing was improper in its
proposed form calling it the
dissemination at the direction of the
president of investigative information
to the president's staunchest defenders
excuse me in Congress and ultimately to
the president's legal defense team
speaking to reporters on the South Lawn
president Trump described the meeting as
a necessary exercise in transparency
I want them all to get together and I
want them because everybody wants to
solve but a lot of bad things have
happened we now call it spy gate you're
calling it spy gate a lot of bad things
have happened I want them all to get
together they'll sit in the room
hopefully they'll be able to work it out
among themselves well they're gonna all
be in the room tomorrow we're gonna see
what happens
what I want is I want total transparency
this issue supersedes a party this
supersedes Republicans and Democrats so
what I want from rod from the FBI from
everybody we want transparency and you
know what I think in their own way they
are obstructionist but even the
Democrats I really believe on this issue
it's super seats I think they want
transparency too and coming up on
Morning Joe reaction from the ranking
member of the Intel committee in the
house Adam Schiff Joe so this was added
yesterday after there was outcry from
Democrats on Capitol Hill public outcry
about this being the politicization of
intelligence now if the whole thing is
it's really remarkable listening to the
president the United States going out
there lying about quote Spygate and then
lying and saying that's what you all are
calling it nobody's calling it that
because there was no spy gate everybody
knows what happened and David Ignatius
talked about if you will just just how
peculiar how strange and I think many
people would say how dangerous this is
that the president of United States is
pressured the FBI and the Department of
Justice to launch an investigation into
the investigators investigating
wrongdoing that the president his team
may have committed and then making it a
partisan exercise Joe but based on what
we know that the president is taking the
normal function of the normal
counterintelligence function of the FBI
in the intelligence community and
treating it as if it's a criminal
conspiracy it's the strangest thing I
can remember this reference to our
intelligence agencies as the Kremlin
deep state is the kind of language that
the mean frankly that the Russians would
apply to us not that our own our own
president would based on everything we
know that there were credible reports of
contact between people in the Trump
campaign and people who were known to be
Russian intelligence operatives or
contacts and those were pursued that
there was no implantation a campaign but
but there were informants who gathered
information that was sent in mid summer
of 2016 and subsequently but that's the
way our intelligence agencies operate
that's their job and the idea that it's
now being criminalized described as as a
conspiracy is a just a strange new turn
in this I think it's good that the gang
of eight the broad oversight bodies
gonna have a chance to listen to this
and set it in context as opposed to just
cranking the right-wing machine with
Devin moon yes and in the House
Republicans so Casey hon how did this
play out on Capitol Hill obviously Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer and others were not
happy about the idea that Devin Nunez
and trey gowdy were the only members of
Congress we're gonna get a look at this
intelligence what kind of pressure did
they put on the White House and how did
the White House sort of cave here that
in a way we don't always see well I
think you heard a little bit from the
President himself there kind of
indicating that perhaps you know opening
the door to this idea that Democrats
could want some transparency I think
clearly the policies behind the scenes
at the White House can kind of change on
a moment's notice based on the
president's own words but the reality
here is that this is this was so clearly
being conducted outside the normal
normal lanes and protocols for how you
do this I mean senators Bern Burr and
Warner who run the Senate Intelligence
Committee together have thought that
this errand that newness has been on is
basically a threat to national security
because you know they didn't want to
sign on to these document requests
because they are so typically careful
about protecting they say sources and
methods we hear it over and over and
over and over again sources
exactly what Devon Nunez has been
essentially trying to expose so they
have tried to steer clear of this until
now of course and the sense was you know
this was so outside the realm of the way
the intelligence community on and the
oversight community on Capitol Hill
works that I think everybody took a step
back and and John Kelly was reportedly
very involved in this and kind of back
and forth throughout the day with Mitch
McConnell in particular who was
expressing some some discontent I mean
the idea that that this information
would only be in the hands of Devon
Nunez to be presented to the American
public in whatever way only he was going
to decide it was so clearly going to
give a skewed view of what happened that
I think everybody in both parties
quietly behind the scene said ah ah
we're not gonna do it that way Carol
these two meetings they were obviously
the big story of the day but the
extended damage done to the
institution's being represented here at
these briefings the FBI today but the
CIA in the background the National
Security Agency the constant damage
being done to the institutions by the
president's clearly intended deception
campaign has going to be taking an
enormous toll yeah this is the question
is what is the long-term damage to these
institutions not just the FBI but in the
Justice Department and the CIA but all
all sorts of institutions that the
president has decided he's going to
challenge and try to undermine I don't
think we know I mean you know if you
listen to director ray or anyone else
who's in law enforcement will say that
this is going to send a chilling effect
about broadly in term and undermine this
very significant tool that law
enforcement has to try to gather
information about investigations that
are critical to national security you
know if you're thinking about becoming
an informant or someone's and we're
trying to recruit you or groom you for
something like that you're certainly
going to think twice after seeing what
could be possible in terms of having
your name out there or whether the
President and Congress the blessing of
some senior officials in Congress could
out you in that way I think you know in
terms of what comes out of the meeting
you know if there's that you don't
use an informant like this an encounter
intelligence investigation unless
there's significant evidence so this
could have the effect like the Nunez
memo of backfiring on the president
because it could show that there was
reason of good reason to use this tool
and and you know if on the other side if
they're every letter of the process
wasn't followed to a tee
then that could give field to
Republicans you know it's it's pretty
unbelievable that Steve Rattner you have
the Intel agencies before the election
saying to both campaigns saying to the
Clinton campaign and saying to the Trump
campaign listen we have a problem
there's been a multi-year effort by
Vladimir Putin to try to influence our
elections to try to interfere with our
democracy we're very concerned about it
now if you see anything if you have any
suspicions if they approach you in any
way please notify us because this is a
direct threat to our democracy it's very
interesting that they only approached
Donald Trump's campaign and even after
being given this warning not only did
Donald Trump and his campaign team not
report those contacts not report the
meeting between the Russian lawyer
connected to Vladimir Putin who says I
have dirt on Hillary Clinton not only
did they not do that but you had other
associates of course getting information
about WikiLeaks and getting information
about cutouts from from Russia and they
didn't say a word so of course when
information came in that one of Donald
Trump's foreign policy advisors
according to Donald Trump was getting
drunk and talking to the Australian
ambassador about their contacts with
Russia and when other Intel agencies got
that information that's those are some
very very bright red lights and what
Intel agency worth its weight in salt
at least is not going to do something
about that and and send people to check
out these contacts
oh yeah the correct answer is none and
so the question is why aren't we hearing
more about this why are we hearing more
about why the Trump administration just
sort of let this sit well I mean the
fact is they they were told that they
might be approached and if they were
approached it was imperative that they
said something they were approached they
said absolutely nothing in fact Donald
Trump is running around during the
campaign telling the Russians publicly
Peggy get some more information hack
some more of Hillary Clinton's emails
find the other 30,000 emails
I just wonder how how Donald Trump goes
on the lawn and and says you know talks
about Spygate how do how do Republicans
allow this to continue look I think two
things I think first I think first when
we get to the bottom of this and I think
having more of these discussions and and
so on will will lead to that we're gonna
find out that the FBI and the other
intelligence agencies acted entirely
appropriately as you just said when you
have a pattern of indications of bad
behavior by the Russians and so on if
you're the FBI your job is to follow it
up I think with respect to why the Trump
administration didn't do anything about
it I think there are two possible
explanations one is that they were just
incompetent they were amateurs they had
no idea what was going on and so it all
sort of drifted by them and they in the
heat of it all and the other of course
is a much less benign explanation which
is that they full well knew what was
going on and chose not to report because
they wanted this information they wanted
help from the Russians they wanted
whatever they wanted as far as the rest
of the Republicans I think we all have a
pretty good idea of what's going on
there's not a lot of courage among the
Republicans on any of these kinds of
related issues the ones who are still up
for reelection are afraid of Trump and
what he might do to them on Twitter and
everywhere else I think the person who I
think the person whose conduct is most
questionable in a way about this is Paul
Ryan because he's retiring and so why he
would not
choose this as a moment for a profile
and courage
I've always thought Paul Ryan was a good
guy I don't really know yeah I have
absolutely no idea what's happened to
Paul but whatever it is is not good for
protecting America's constitutional norm
steady go out if you see something say
something that's what the FBI that's
what's that justice that's what
everybody told the Trump campaign and
the Clinton campaign they saw something
not only do they not say something
they started quietly setting up meetings
between Russians and their own campaign
team and then Donald Trump lied it mean
he concocted the lie on Air Force One to
try to cover up that meeting I mean it's
just again it's just this is so patently
obvious I guess if you see confusion in
my eyes it's just I can't believe that
this is not so patently obvious that
even Republicans are embarrassed by this
spectacle that Donald Trump is trashing
our Intel communities in the FBI in the
Justice Department simply because he's
been caught so now he's investigating
the investigators so I think you're
absolutely right in questioning the
premise of Donald Trump's attempt to
distract and to D legitimize the Russia
investigation and this is really
interesting to me because it seems to me
that when we lend credence to what he's
doing and we follow his direction we
find ourselves going down these rabbit
holes and this is not quite analogous
but I think it'll help put a head on
bring the plate to make my point clear
remember when he said that the Obama
administration wiretapped his campaign
yeah man remember all of the stuff that
happened as a result of that wildly
ridiculous claim how Congress had to
then try to figure out all of the
machinery of government followed him
down that rabbit hole and then we
realized it was just nonsense
here we are with Spygate and all of us
know that it's wildly ridiculous and
what's happening so not only we're
seeing the flouting of democratic norms
we're seeing institutional erosion we're
also seeing Orwellian doublespeak send
us everywhere while Donald Trump who
literally is orchestrating the circus to
distract our attention and delusional
eyes what we know is coming on what we
think is coming you know Joe last night
I was speaking to a former intelligence
operative who has briefed two of the
last three presidents not this specific
president and he got into one of the
detours and the dangers of the detours
that is currently being taken by the
present occupant of the Oval Office and
it is this each president learns
differently in their intelligence
briefings some like to read at length
like President Obama others like
president george w bush like the aural
briefings and like to question back and
forth but this is the first time the
first time that there has been a
president who when the briefers come in
with facts and truth to present to the
president
intelligence facts intelligence
intelligence truth that the president
not only does not care really about what
they're presenting he has an opposite
version that he goes out and publicly
deploys and it's truly well any any more
dangerous than anything we've ever had
encountered in this country I think well
I need any and he becomes hostile he
becomes hostile like he did when when
general mattis sat down with him with
other cabinet officials and just told
him the history of the United States of
America since 1945 and he pushed back on
his obvious stated facts that's when Rex
Tillerson got up called him a moron
because because he he does not accept
reality if it doesn't line up exactly
with what he's saying and just just to
follow up Willie with what Eddie was
saying by the way Mike I'm sure you you
call that former Intel official during
the Red Sox wonderful come back when
against Tampa Bay where there were 14
people in the stands watching the game I
call them oh yeah oh okay yes exactly
but but you you
look at what happened with Obama Willy
wiretapping Trump Towers and then that
consumed three four five months then you
can look at others so many things you
can look at where they have these
conspiracy theories that are always
disproven remember the Democrats abuse
of the FISA Court process where the
judges ends up that all four judges were
Republican appointed when people looked
more closely into it for Republican
appointed judges and now here we have
this where Donald Trump is concocting
something he's calling Spygate it's
absolutely ridiculous and it will be
disproven as well and that's the line
that rod Rosenstein is walking right now
how far do you follow the President to
protect the DOJ but also to not have a
blow-up between the White House and the
Justice Department he's in the middle of
it as we speak as we mentioned we'll
talk live with congressman Adam Schiff
ahead of his briefing today with top
justice officials also from the Senate
Intel committee independent angus King
Plus back in September Paul Ryan told
workers at a Harley Davidson plant that
the new tax bill will help keep American
jobs well 350 Harley jobs just
disappeared the company's shareholders
however are having a much better ride
we'll talk about that straight ahead
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
