welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am the
co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike good
morning to you a talk just about Axios
is one big thing today axes one big
thing is president Trump's torch it all
strategy so we're seeing on your air so
many attacks so many targets so often
that sometimes we forget to step back
and look at what he's doing what we have
is presidential whack Amole any threat
that comes up any person or institution
that might hold him accountable he goes
after so we have the media we have the
Intel community we have the Justice
Department FBI the Attorney General the
Deputy Attorney General Special Counsel
baller molars prosecutors the New York
investigators and prosecutors the Intel
committees on the hill Republican
senators that go astray so all of these
groups are getting the campaign
treatment that in 2016
Secretary Clinton and other Republicans
of Marco Rubio got from this president
yeah I was actually gonna bring that up
and by the way I love the graphics that
we had up could we bring that up again
of the president walking out of that
fiery pit there that was pretty
incredible just keep it on the screen
the entire interview with Mike there we
go
but I mean that is some good stuff from
our graphics department I was gonna say
that we saw this from the very GetGo
when he announced his intention to run
for president that's right and by the
way that is from the amazing Axios
visuals team which were so grateful for
yeah what we saw was the president would
take the approach of belittling
exaggerating using the sort of high
decibel language that we've rarely heard
in politics certainly not from a
president and it's effective like we saw
during the campaign it does tend to get
people to pull back and there very few
of these targets that we've walked
through there really have found a way to
push back Senator John McCain has a
couple of senators but lying by and
large people talk about
presidential behavior but they don't
really find a way to push back in a way
that with his own base that with the
ozone Republicans doesn't let these sink
in how much of is this a part of who the
president is and how he operated
privately no it's such a good point you
looking at the decades he spent building
his businesses and this exactly reflects
the way that he went including his
instinct for how to get a headline his
instinct for how to change a story from
trouble for him to trouble for someone
else
I know that Mike you're also looking at
the former Intel officials who are
warning against plans for the Justice
Department to hold the GOP only briefing
about that informant in the FBI is
Russia investigation who exactly is on
the list that made this appeal yeah so
this is a first look for first look
you're hearing about this first on
MSNBC's we head into morning joe five
former intelligence officials including
one who worked for president george w
bush others for president obama these
are some of the biggest names in
intelligence Panetta brennan hayden and
what we're seeing is another way of
people saying this isn't normal so our
viewers have been hearing about this
republican only briefing about the
informant that the FBI used in 2016
now there's could be a separate briefing
with that traditional gang of eight that
gets the intelligence briefing but what
these leaders are saying is don't
politicize intelligence oversight that
by having a separate republican briefing
you're bringing the possibility that not
only would there be a perception of
POTUS ization but it could actually
impact the investigation it's a major
experience there I have to say and that
recommendation also by the way former
CIA director John Brennan is an MSNBC
contributor important to put that out
there Mike Allen for us thank you we're
gonna be reading Axios a.m. in just a
little bit and to all of our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter at Axios comm that hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
