today the NFL announced a new anthem
policy that essentially bans kneeling in
protest on the field
ESPN writing quote NFL owners have
unanimously approved a new national
anthem policy that requires players to
stand if they are on the field during
the performance but gives them the
option to remain in the locker room if
they prefer that decision follows months
of menacing tweets and public
condemnation of the protests from the
president who insisted that kneeling or
sitting silently during the anthem was
an affront to our military for the
players the protests are intended to
bring attention to racial inequality and
social injustice here's the statement
from the league quote the efforts by
many of our players sparked awareness
and action around issues of social
justice that must be addressed the
platform that we have created together
is certainly unique in professional
sports and quite likely in American
business they continue by accepting the
president's premise that the flag is in
fact disrespected by a player's silent
protest the league adding quote this
season all League and team personnel
shall stand and show respect for the
flag in the anthem personnel who choose
not to stand for the anthem may stay in
the locker room until after the anthem
has been performed joining us now Chris
Kluwe
a former NFL player who spent seven
years in the league in Kevin Blackistone
veteran sports journalists an ESPN
commentator on around the horn Paul and
the rest of the panel are all still here
Kevin let me start with you because you
and I had conversations before during
and after the president started
essentially harassing the league
harassing and bullying the owners and
shaming the players for exercising their
First Amendment right to silent and
peaceful protests yeah and this is just
really a continuation of that now by the
league because what they are doing in
essence is vilifying and demonizing
those players that would prefer to
continue to to protest issues of police
lethality against Blackman in this
country which by the way hasn't waned
all that much in the years since Colin
Kaepernick first dropped to a knee to
bring this issue to the fore
so it's really unfortunate the good
thing is is that I think that there are
some owners in this league and we've
already seen it crack late this
afternoon
who are not down with this policy and
are instead down with their players
ability to exercise their their free
speech rights within the NFL and I'm
speaking specifically of Christopher
Johnson woody Johnson's son who's
running the Jets right now who issued a
statement this this afternoon saying
that while he didn't agree with the
decision by the league he would abide by
it but he would not allow any of his
players to have to pay a fine should
they come out on the field and protest
in any way during the national anthem
Kevin let me ask you a follow-up
question why is the NFL structurally so
much more distant from the political
passions from the pulse of their players
than the NBA you know I think because
the the NFL if you track its growth
really has followed the growth of
suburban America and so many more of its
fans are white and white males and this
this league has for very many years ever
since the late 1960s has wrapped itself
in the flag wrapped itself in patriotism
militarism nationalism and that's the
way it has sold its game and really
ramped up that effort in the 2000s when
it started demanding that teams stand at
the sidelines while the national anthem
was being played and while gigantic
100-yard Flags were being unfurled on
the field and the colors were there and
and b-52 bombers are flying overhead
they made this part of their marketing
and so I think that's why they have
reacted as they have and Chris you and I
last talked when the New York Times had
some leaked audio or leaked transcripts
from a meeting between players and
owners where the players thought the
meeting was ostensibly to talk about how
Colin Kaepernick who as certainly as you
told me
skilled enough to be on someone's roster
still wasn't and the owners went there
with a very different mission one that
seems to been realized today the PR
problem of the anthem protest talk about
where the
players heads are today on a day when
they may not be able to speak as freely
as you are well you know I think that in
this situation the players really have a
choice to make and that's are they going
to stick together or are they going to
let the owners win because the upcoming
CBA is already poised to be one of the
most contentious in it in NFL history
and this is the perfect opportunity for
the players to make a statement to the
owners saying you know what we are going
to band together we are going to work
together and we're not going to follow
these rules that are frankly unamerican
and you know if all the players decide
hey none of us are going to take the
field we are all going to act in
solidarity not only is it good from a
societal standpoint but it's also good
from a player's a bargaining standpoint
Chris we just had general Hayden on he
worked for Democrats and Republicans but
his his his last jobs were for
Republican presidents certainly not
considered a liberal by any regard but
he said if he had to choose between
Donald Trump making this about
suppressing players rights to First
Amendment rights or Colin Kapernick he
choose Colin Kaepernick and he he's a
veteran and and someone who's been in
public service his entire life
how do the players take that back and
say it is the most American ideal of all
to permit players to exercise their
First Amendment rights right and and I
think that's actually one of the big
things that Colin Kaepernick has
actually been saying this entire time
he's been saying hey look this this
isn't to denigrate the military this
this isn't to say you know that the
military is bed this is to say police
brutality is bad and I think it's very
very important that we as a nation stop
conflating the police with the military
because the our military is there to
protect us from foreign threats they are
doing a job that generally requires them
to kill people our police our civil
servants designed to uphold justice
that's a completely different job than
our military and the fact that we're
starting to bring those two closer and
closer together
that's what authoritarianism is that's
what you know fascism is is is making
those two the same thing making your
military
or police and so we need to be aware as
a country not just NFL players but
everyone that the fact that we are going
further and further down this path is a
very very dangerous path be treading hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
