joining me now is master guessing she's
staff writer for The New Yorker and more
importantly author of the Futurists
history how totalitarianism reclaimed
Russia MS guess and welcome back to the
show thank you for having me so I want
to use this sort of the tweet we saw
this morning from the president because
it made you even more prescient than
anybody realized two years ago when when
he came into office so the president
included a non truth about the FBI and
all of these things and he writes this
look how things have turned around on
the criminal deep state they go after
phony collusion with Russia a made-up
scam and end up getting caught in a
major spy scandal the likes of which
this country may never have seen before
what goes around comes around what does
that tweet mean to you if you read into
it well it's you know it reads weirdly
familiar and it's not familiar in the
sense that the communication style of
the American President is in any way
similar to Putin's communication style
that's not the case what is the case
though is that they both you know the
that kind of propaganda serves to
undermine and you sense of a shared
reality and that's a really frightening
thing and it's an impossible thing to
negotiate I mean that's what's
destroying the politics in this country
what why is it that it's been so frankly
fairly easy for the President to do this
is it the communication tools is he just
unique about this is it turned out there
was a we had a larger chunk of the
country that was more susceptible I mean
what's your read I think there's a lot
of us who probably arrogantly believe oh
this will never happen in America well
two things I mean I think that a sense
of shared reality had actually been
eroded for a very long time I think that
more broadly you know trust in the
system had been eroded for a very long
time and obviously Donald Trump was
master the master of using that but now
he has the bully pulpit I mean you can't
that the Trump tweet is an impossible
thing to negotiate you can't ignore it
and you can't take it seriously when you
take it seriously you are playing into
his hands but he is the president you
can't ignore what he has to say and
that's it's funny you out you've
outlined the trap that I always say all
the time I'm well aware we're in the
trap you know people say oh don't covers
sweets okay then what do you do you
don't yes right and so then the question
is how do you get folks to put this
stuff in context to trust that actually
there needs to be context to these
things
frankly it's of we've been searching for
that formula look I mean we're going to
lose in the long run I mean we're going
to emerge from this with losses
there's no way not to lose they're just
ways to minimize our losses right and
fact-checking is incredibly important
creating context is incredibly important
you know being able to call the
president a liar is incredibly important
so you wrote this and I'm curious if you
would revise it today you've you
famously outlined you called it your
rules for surviving and autocracy and
you put this out right after president
Trump's election and you and your rules
were this number one believe the
autocrat was that mean when he was
talking about his intentions two years
ago a year and a half ago people you
know if you recall people were talking
about how he was going to become
presidential how he was never going to
introduce tariffs how he was never going
to build a wall how he was never going
to do any number of things that he said
he was going to do in fact he is doing
exactly what he said he was going to do
and there was really no reason to doubt
that his intention fell for that not
because I'm with you I think a lot but
there was a lot of this stuff that felt
like empty promises I think that we are
taken in by our own failure of the
imagination
you know it was impossible to imagine
Donald Trump as president and make
rather than make the effort to imagine
it you know we we try to figure out how
we're going to work around that number
two and your listeners do not be taken
in by small signs of normality welcome
to the Republican Party in 2018 you know
I think that it's not even so much about
normalization it's actually what I'm
really concerned about and dahlia
Lautrec had a great column about this in
Slate just a couple weeks ago you know
you wake up every morning you realize
that the world hasn't ended that your
kid is still going to school you're
still going to the grocery store and
maybe really it you don't have to be
quite so catastrophic
that's what I mean by being taken in by
small signs of normality and that's a
really hard thing to
because you know the world doesn't end
it had so far the world has never ended
we know this inherently that's
fact-check true on that one number three
as institutions will not save you why do
you have so little faith in institutions
it's not that I have little faith in
institutions that institutions need a
kind of consensus and often they need
societal pressure in order to function
and we're having issues with that you
know even the courts need major societal
pressure in order to function but also a
lot of things that we take for granted
that we think our institutions are
actually norms and we've learned an
incredible amount about that in the last
year and a half and anything that I say
about that now will sound obvious but a
year and a half ago it wasn't so obvious
absolutely the last three to me are
almost all related be outraged don't
make compromises remember the future
essentially you're saying to people
don't just sit back speak out what does
that you say all those things meaning
what get active keep fighting it you
know I think that yes get active on the
one hand but I think what you also have
to be pretty selective about how you get
active you know where every softened
people want to figure out a way to you
know get a group of psychiatrists
together to remove Trump or say you know
there was the Hamilton electors movement
in December of 2016 but those are things
that are fine if we're never going to
have a presidential election or a
president ever again because we don't
actually want a group of psychiatrist
that has the power to remove an American
president right so we really have to be
mindful of what we go into the post
trump era with it will happen eventually
you know everything ends yeah absolutely
and as I remind everybody everybody
needs to ask themselves how did we get
here in the first place right before we
figure out how to solve this problem
magic Essen always appreciate having you
on thank you so much hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more me to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
