well today Donald Trump looked like a
president who really really wanted to be
and maybe even was planning to be a
president who was appointing a new
Deputy Attorney General but he didn't
get to do that today because Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosen Stein did not
resign when Donald Trump made the
unprecedented demand that the Justice
Department conduct an investigation
quote into whether or not the FBI DOJ
infiltrated are surveilled the Trump
campaign for political purposes instead
of resigning rod Rosenstein handed off
the Trump tweet to the Justice
Department's inspector general for a
routine low-level investigation so rod
Rosenstein did not resign over the
principle of keeping the Justice
Department independent of the political
influences of the White House and the
president did not fire rod Rosen Stein
for refusing to obey his demand because
rod Rosenstein sort of obeyed his demand
and so instead of announcing the
appointment of a new Deputy Attorney
General today Donald Trump was asked if
he has confidence in rod Rosenstein
what's your next question Prince you
don't have to be an expert in Trump's
peak to realize what the answer was to
that question and so the president
stated very clearly right there that he
does not have confidence in the Deputy
Attorney General and he really looked
like a president who wishes he was being
asked if he had confidence in his new
Deputy Attorney General who the
presidents had just chosen to go into
the Justice Department and fire the
special prosecutor an end Robert
Mallory's investigation the lead
editorial today in the New York Times
entitled Trump versus the Department of
Justice is outraged that the president
is launching a self-interested assault
on the Justice Department The Times
editorial says it's up to those people
who have devoted their lives to the
nation and to the rule of law like
Deputy Attorney General rod Rowan Stein
and the FBI director Christopher Rea
both Republicans and Trump appointees
don't forget to stand up to the
President and
defend these institutions that is
exactly what rod Rosenstein has said he
will do there were people who have been
making threats privately and publicly
against me for quite some time and I
think they should understand by now the
Department of Justice is not going to be
extorted any kind of threats that
anybody makes are not going to affect
the way we do our job if fraud rosa
stein was telling the truth then three
weeks ago it means he decided that he
could agree to an inspector general's
investigation of whether or not the FBI
DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump
campaign for political purposes without
affecting quote how we're going to do
our job
but the question everyone's asking now
is where is the line where is the line
that Donald Trump will eventually cross
that will force rod Rosen Stein to
openly resist what the president is
trying to do either by refusing to
comply with a presidential order
delivered in a tweet or otherwise or by
resigning rather than carry out a
presidential order it may be that rod
Rosen Stein can't say for sure right now
exactly where that line is it may be
that rod Rosen Stein will only know
where that line is when he sees it when
Donald Trump presents it to him and it
seems very clear that Donald Trump is
trying very hard to find that line so
that he can force rod Rosen Stein's
resignation and replace him with a
Deputy Attorney General who will in
effect take an oath to serve and protect
trumpism against Trump isms most
powerful enemy the Constitution of the
United States joining our discussion now
Jesse wagon New York Times editorial
board member who wrote today's editorial
entitled Trump versus the Department of
Justice Matt Miller former spokesperson
for Attorney General Eric Holder is with
us he's an MSNBC contributor now and
John Heilemann national affairs analyst
for NBC News and MSNBC
is with us he is the
host an executive producer of Showtime's
the circus and John Hammond you've been
studying Donald Trump for years now as a
politician and I've gotten closer to him
than the rest of us in that study is
Donald Trump trying to find that line is
he trying to find the spot where rod
Rosen Stein has to stand up and say I
resign yeah I think so
and I think he's doing it in a not
particularly subtle way I think he's
also doing it not a particularly clever
way he gave Rosen Stein this out is you
you talked about this I thought very
insightful last night and not just there
to praise you a needlessly although it's
hardly ever needless and I praise you
warrants but but you caught the drama of
it last night when you were discussing
this in the program I think that you
know for him to send that tweet on
that's on Sunday and put Rosen Stein in
the position where and I hate to focus
on the high human drama of this but you
know this guy not a politician not
someone who ever thought he would find
himself in this position sitting at home
on a Sunday afternoon trying to figure
out in a relatively short clock what do
I do here because if I show up tomorrow
morning this circumstance could be
different the president could or could
issue an official order that could be
different from this tweet and this tweet
gives me some latitude because of the
way it's constructed sloppily somewhat
over Broadway maybe I can find a path to
be able to do what you said a second ago
which is to buy myself some time not do
something that violates where I think
the line is and put off what is I'm sure
an inevitable reckoning an inevitable
confrontation with Donald Trump that he
and Ray will have to have I think we
none of us can make a good judgment
about whether this is the right weather
he did the right thing or not he knows
things we do not know he knows where
Robert Muller's investigation is more
than anyone except for Robert Muller
himself not what they have about what
kind of timeline they're on we can't
judge the rightness of his decision but
we can't look at it and say he is
playing checkers and chess and Canasta
or whatever the game metaphor is at a
very high level against Donald Trump
right now and he's made a move and I
think there are a lot of value judgments
in play that we all can air out over
whether he made the right move as
opposed to confronting Trump on on
Monday whether he has waited whether it
makes sense to have waited but that is I
think what this is all about and I think
the president knows it and I think Rosa
Stein knows it the only question now is
what the next
is the next move is back now in Donald
Trump's hands Jesse there were reports
from inside the White House that there
were White House staffers who believed
Rosen Stein would have to resign he
would have to resign on that principle
of political separation of the Justice
Department from the White House and they
were pretty confident that they would
get that resignation on Sunday or Monday
they didn't and so we await the next
attempt I guess from Donald Trump to
provoke this resignation he's the same
White House staffers who thought that
Democrats would praise Donald Trump for
firing Jim Comey some of them are the
same but a lot of those people are been
fired a long time ago I mean you know
rod Rosenstein Donald Trump you know put
rod Rosenstein in the Justice Department
at a time when I think he didn't
understand quite so much about how the
law enforcement apparatus of the nation
works the federal law enforcement
officers especially someone like rod
Rosenstein who's devoted his entire
professional career to this work and I
think he has been shocked again and
again that that mr. Rosen Stein is not
doing his bidding and you know we talk a
lot about the constitutional crisis are
we in a constitutional crisis are we not
and I think we can answer that however
we want rod Rosenstein has been in one
himself yeah since about 5:00 p.m. on
may 9th of last year right he has had to
make countless decisions some of which
we know about like appointing Robert
Muller and many of which as John has
just pointed out we don't know about to
keep this investigation protected and to
keep Donald Trump at bay and I think you
know if Trump thinks that Rosenstein is
going to step down over something like
this I think he's wrong and I think his
staffers are wrong I think Rosen Stein
knows as well as we all do that
resigning or or doing something such as
refusing to you know obey an order from
the president that would effectively
result in his dismissal would be the end
of the could be the beginning of the end
of the investigation because of who
Trump would replace him with and I think
he knows he knows very well that that's
something that he doesn't want to happen
Matt Miller the ground is moving under
this story as
as we've been talking about it these
last couple of days because this this
issue is all about protecting or has
been about protecting the identity of
someone who informed to the FBI on
conversations that that person had with
some people affiliated with the Trump
campaign and these were conversations
that were had in England that meant that
person's name has now been out there
Washington Post has written a profile of
them Wall Street Journal reported the
name on Sunday and so the idea that
there's something sacred here for rod
Rosen Stein to be standing in defense of
given the the the fact that the
president wants to dig up has already
been dug up by journalists what does
that do to the nature of the story we're
watching you know the name the name very
much is not secret anymore it's already
been publicly identified as you said so
that it's probably not a lot of harm to
any ongoing investigations by turning
that name over to Congress the problem
is with the entire principle of the
Independence of the Justice Department
and what I worry about is that that
Rosenstein by not standing up not saying
no to Donald Trump or you know not
ignoring illegitimate orders as we've
seen other people in administration do
don't don't forget Don began twice was
ordered to go and get mola removed and
basically just ignored it until the
president went away I worried that the
president is learning the wrong messages
here he's learning you know he sent a
legitimate order to the Justice
Department on Sunday and the message he
got back was not that he should stop
interfering with the Justice Department
but that he would be rewarded and he got
an inspector general investigation and
it's not the same thing as a full-blown
criminal investigation but it's still
serious I suspect we will see members of
Congress can interfere with that
investigation as they've interfered with
the other investigation the IG has
conducted demanding emails and text
messages from FBI agents be turned over
to Congress in the middle of the
investigation so there are cost to this
and I think you know as John said we
won't know if rod has made the right
decision until this is over if he's just
trying to buy another month
another two months so Comey can finish
his work then maybe he made the right
decision but if he's giving up this big
amount of the Justice Department's
independence just to placate Trump he
may find at some point that he has
really nothing left to fight for let's
listen to what Donald Trump tweeted
tonight in which he tries to take
advantage of the secrecy that the
Justice Department has been trying to
protect even though this person's name
is out there he says if the person
placed very early into my campaign
wasn't a spy put there by the previous
administration for political purposes
how come such a seemingly massive amount
of money was paid for services rendered
many times higher than normal follow the
money the spy was there early in the
campaign and yet never reported
collusion with Russia because there was
no collusion he was only there to spy
for political reasons and to help
crooked Hillary win just like they did
to Bernie Sanders who got duped and so
John Hoeven it's just lie after lie
after lie there was no spy who was
inserted into the campaign no-one was
inserted into the campaign that was not
early in the campaign the money that
this professor has received over time
from the federal government is almost
entirely from the Defense Department for
studies he's done for the Defense
Department starting in 2012 long before
Donald Trump was a candidate and no
information was handed over to Hillary
to crooked Hillary Clinton no sweep as
we know I just thought the fact of Trump
invoking follow the money in this moment
is just it feels like he's trying to get
that tweet out yes or the entire story
about this guy is very well known and
doesn't fit any of those elements I
think that I think that's right and look
I don't know that any of it this this
tweet you know it conforms perfectly
with Trump's tendency to to try to do
whatever it is he's doing and then add
all this filigree around it that is
often maddening to those of us who care
about rationality and truth but does it
here to ascertain the set of rules and a
certain kind of consistent message
discipline that appeals to what he's
ultimately tried to do in the larger
sense which is to drive a narrative
about this all being a political
exercise all being conspiracy about a
hoax
a witch-hunt - in order to try to
litigate this in the court of public
opinion so that he has his 42 percent or
is 41 percent or whatever that number is
that when he finally gets to Judgment
Day he can turn to the people and say
these but these charges brought Miller
has brought that they pale beside your
belief in me and that is the to try to
take this out of a legal realm and out
of the political legal realm and make it
purely a matter of politics that is this
is consistent with what all of that is
about I just want to say I mean I I read
Matt Miller's a lot bet and I think he
expressed the point of view of those who
think Rosenstein may have gotten this
wrong as well as anybody did and he may
be right and and the reality is there is
a profound principle even though we know
the name of this person that's being
violated by turning over that name to
these congressional committees who are
partisan who will likely leak it and
what does that say the confidential
informants around the world I've heard
many experienced law-enforcement people
just in the last 24 hours say that they
don't mind the IG investigation because
that's ridiculous because we already
know what it's gonna find which is that
there was no spy inserted etc etc and
Rosenstein knows that what they mind is
this concession of going up to Capitol
Hill and putting a confidential
informants name in front of a partisan
Congressional Committee and partisan
members who are only doing this for
political purposes may turn out that
route roses time was wrong but it may
also turn out Ron Rosen Stein turned out
turns out to be right again it's just
almost impossible to judge this moment
on the limited information that we all
have and Jesse on this meeting that the
White House is now brokering through Jim
Kelly where they will as they put it
review the information that these
Republicans in the House want to see
about this informant there's the issue
of well the Democrats on the the lead
Democrats on the committee traditionally
would always join a discussion like that
and no one in the house representatives
seems to remember any of that let's
listen to Senator John Kennedy today who
does seem to remember that Republican
senator
the house leadership is allowed to see
certain documents I think that it's
perfectly appropriate indeed I would
recommend it that the our Democratic
colleagues in the house be allowed to
send representatives as well I think
that's only fair he's such a crazy lefty
that guy I mean you can't get a House
Republicans to say the same thing I mean
I mean this is I think the House
Republicans should remember that nobody
holds power forever and this sort of
behavior is really good right up at the
edge of you know acceptability I mean
actually it's it's well over the line I
think can I just want to go back for a
minute though to something John was
saying you know wrote rod Rosenstein I
think you could probably find some right
and some wrong in all of the decisions
he's making he has impossible choices
that he's facing at every step of the
way and none of them have a clean answer
so this isn't to defend him it's more
just to put it into the cut to the
broader context and I also think to
bring in the the obvious psychology here
is that we can't really talk about any
of this without talking about the
projection that's at the heart of Donald
Trump's personality and now his White
House which is anything wrong or bad
that he either has done or wants to do
he blames on somebody else you know so
we can kind of we have a sort of a map
to his behavior and to his own desires
through how he accuses other people and
I think that's what we're seeing right
now we've seen it many times obviously
over the last couple of years and we're
seeing it again with this latest sort of
attempt to politicize justice attempt to
say you know Barack Obama was spying on
me or you know Justice Department is
full of all these deep Staters who want
me you know who want me out that's not
how that's not how the Justice
Department operates but it's how Donald
Trump wants it to operate yeah so he
figures if he if he talks about it in
that way it will eventually become that
and I think that we have to keep in mind
that's that's how that's how he
processes things and it's it's different
from the reality that the rest of us
experience matt miller is this a line
that they that perhaps rod Rosenstein
should hold to that he will not
participate
that briefing unless the lead Democrats
on the committee's are allowed to
participate it's an important principle
you got to stick up for it I mean that's
the way that the Justice Department and
other intelligence agencies and have
operated in this sphere that you know
the principle that you know if you're
conducting oversight then it should be
bipartisan and both sides should should
get you know should get the you should
get access to the information that's not
what we've seen here I think you know to
the point there you know the the
Republicans in Congress don't even try
to hide what they're doing now we've
seen reports that mark Meadows one of
the people who out you know without
calling for a second special counsel
today coordinates with Donald Trump gets
on the phone with Donald Trump and they
coordinate their attacks on the Justice
Department and so when you look at where
Rosenstein is I mean III really worry as
I as I as I wrote in the piece that you
know he's giving up too much he is in a
tough spot but the fault really doesn't
rest with him the fault really rests
with everyone else who's not defending
him and leaving him in this situation
there are to be people in Congress
Republicans especially who are standing
up and saying you know what stop
politicizing this investigation mr.
president stop trying to move the line
stop trying to redefine the norm of
what's appropriate you shouldn't be
sitting in meetings herself with the FBI
director and the acting Attorney General
deciding what they turn over to Congress
when it's an investigation that pertains
to you that's inappropriate and instead
what we get are two types of Republicans
the Republicans who are joining the
president attacking the Justice
Department and the Republicans that are
cowering in the corner there is no one
standing up and backing Rosenstein up I
think that's why you see him kind of
isolated in this really tough tricky
position where he's having to surrender
pieces of the department's independence
that you know we won't know for some
time whether it was worth it or not Matt
Miller John Heilemann Jesse Wegman
thanks for starting us off tonight
really appreciate hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
