there are we're gonna move on now
chilling new developments in the
disappearance of Washington Post
columnist Jamal Khashoggi according to
the New York Times top Turkish officials
have concluded that the Saudi dissident
and the critic of the crown prince was
assassinated inside the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul on quote orders from the
highest levels of the royal court a
senior official tells The Times that the
operation was quote quick and complex
and that khashoggi was killed within two
hours of his arrival at the consulate by
a team of Saudi agents who dismembered
him the image from security camera
footage was obtained by a Turkish
newspaper and claims to show Khashoggi
walking into the consulate last Tuesday
The Washington Post reports that a squad
of Saudi assassins was already in place
and waiting for him two people with
knowledge of the investigation tell the
post that the Saudis arrived in Istanbul
from Riyadh that morning and checked
into two hotels by the end of the day
The Post reports that the 15-member
Saudi team had left the country
departing on two private planes one to
Cairo and the other to Dubai the paper
also reports that US intelligence
intercepted communications of Saudi
officials discussing a plan to capture
khashoggi the unnamed source told the
post that it's unclear if the Saudis
intended to arrest and interrogate him
or kill him khashoggi was born in Saudi
Arabia and a legal resident of the
United States and some reporting Jo
shows that he was it was trying to get
papers to get married David Ignatius I I
just I can't even begin to contemplate
what this would mean what it should mean
for the United States and our relation
with Saudi Arabia and also what this
would say about the leadership of MBs if
he got an American a u.s. resident
a Washington Post columnist whose
criticism certainly was not extreme and
and had an assassination squad go to
Turkey and dismember him with a bone saw
how does the United States of America
how does a civilized world actually deal
with MBs deal with Saudi Arabia if in
fact this is what happened so my answer
is that the world should deal with this
in a state of outrage the jamal is i
want to say i'm not prepared to say was
is my colleague
he's also been my friend for more than a
decade he is an outstanding journalist a
person with a passion for telling the
truth these reports are so grim and they
come now with details the wing numbers
on airplanes movement of cars in
istanbul specific details about how the
sources who were talking to The
Washington Post in The New York Times
say this this crime was committed it's
the middle east so I want to wait for
confirmation I think all of us have
learned to be careful about waiting to
know with a firm confirmation but if
these reports are true I think the only
response from reasonable governments
certainly from the news organizations
that are trying to cover this part of
the world is is to say this is a
fundamental break it's a it's a flagrant
violation of the rules that should
operate and it just has to be
unacceptable intolerable and I just
trust our government Donald Trump's
administration he's making that clear to
Saudi Arabia right now well they are so
close Mike Barnicle the administration
is so close to Saudi Arabia Jared
Kushner is so close to MBS Donald Trump
was flattered because the Saudis flashed
his image up on buildings one of his
first foreign trips
and he's a sucker for that sort of thing
and he completely collapsed caved into
it and so the question now is will
Donald Trump keep playing dumb as he did
yesterday when he was asked about it or
is he gonna start putting pressure on
Saudi Arabia to give us some answers and
also Turkey to let us get in there and
investigate and do whatever needs to be
done this this is an outrage and and
mb/s has to be not just called out but
has to be shunned by the world community
if in fact he's doing this to Washington
Post columnist s' well Joe that's a key
question and the post pieces both
riveting and truly disturbing at several
different levels but perhaps the largest
question this raises is did the
administration in Saudi Arabia did the
the royal administration in Riyadh
figure that they were so comfortable in
their relationship with Donald Trump
that they could get a green light
internally to do what they allegedly
have done and get away with it without
the United States and gain anything by
clearly Mike let's underline exactly
what that is before you go on what did
they get a green light to kill a
resident of the United States correct
who is David Ignatius his colleague and
Reitz at the Washington Post did Donald
Trump
it was always been critical of the
Washington Post always been critical of
his ownership did anybody in the
administration - Jared Kushner did they
give MBS sort of a nod and a wink to say
it's okay we need answers well III don't
know I don't I wouldn't go that far
that's specific but but did they feel
such asking that I'm asking the question
I'm asking the question because Donald
Trump's not giving us any answers that's
right so so the question to be answered
is was there such a level of comfort
between Riyadh and the White House that
they felt that they could do practically
anything that there would be no pushback
from Washington given
what they perceived to be such a level
of comfort between the two countries
David Ignatius in the reporting from
your newspaper in the Washington Post it
says that the United States Intelligence
Committee intercepted the Saudis talking
about plans to intercept Jamal and to
capture Jamal and to do God knows what
else
- Jamal senator bob Corker the chair of
Foreign Relations said yesterday he had
a call with the Saudi ambassador this is
a quote from Senator corker it was not a
great conversation I asked him for the
videotape showing Jamal leaving he
shared with me that they only livestream
their tapes I've never heard of an
embassy in my life that doesn't tape
that's from senator corker
what would the United States
intelligence community do with that
information should they act on it
immediately so Willie I think you put
your finger on a key question put aside
the the issue of a green light I think
MBS and in Saudi Arabia thinks Donald
Trump has is back and is confident you
wouldn't ask approval to do something
but if our intelligence community had
word that something like this was being
planned against a resident of the United
States against a Washington Post
contributor it seems to me they had an
obligation to do something and that's
one of the questions I think we're gonna
focus on as we try to hold people
accountable for what appears to be a
terrible crime that was committed
against one of our colleagues but if
they had this intelligence and took no
action that's that's truly shocking to
me David I just go back to thinking
about what you just said about holding
people accountable
back in May 2017 when the president
attended the Arab Islamic American
summit he said we're not here to tell
people how to live and basically who's
trying to get a pass on the human rights
issue I think that maybe perhaps the
message that comes from this president
telling people we're not here to lecture
you we're gonna let you do what you have
to do we're gonna do what we have to do
perhaps has a chilling message more so
than we ever thought
fuels obscured David no I think that's
absolutely right
that that the the message was you take
care of your security we trust you you
know you guys get tough and and we have
your back and we're not going to ask as
many questions we've seen so many
different examples of that it's not as
if this is this is the first this is the
most egregious but it's not the first
well you look at what the president's
attitude has been in that speech you you
look even going back to December of 2015
on this show justifying Vladimir Putin
killing assassinating journalists in
fact Donald Trump in December of 2015 on
this show
justified Vladimir Putin assassinating
journalists and assassinating political
opponents saying that he was a strong
leader and that Vladimir Putin quote got
things done Donald Trump he's justified
extrajudicial killings in the
Philippines with Duarte they're talking
about how he respects him as a strong
leader and there is no doubt he has sent
a message not only to Saudi Arabia but
across the world that this sort of
aberrant behavior would would would be
approved by the United States but right
now mica right now Saudi Arabia is lying
to America in the world
Saudi Arabia led by NBS is lying to
America and the world we need answers
and just because the President of the
United States
just because Donald Trump is playing
dumb MBs doesn't mean we're going to
play dumb it doesn't mean the American
media is gonna play dumb it doesn't mean
the Washington Post in New York Times
The Wall Street Journal are going to sit
back and play dumb we're gonna get
answers yeah I mean start telling us the
truth and Turkey needs to start
cooperating more fully Mikko we need
answers they made such a fool of
President Trump with pictures for make
such a fool of
they played him like a doll he's a fool
but
others are not still ahead on Morning
Joe for years supporters of Donald Trump
have been chanting lock her up about
Hillary Clinton if they had it their way
she'd be getting a cell mate none other
than Senator Dianne Feinstein not
hearing so much about due process
anymore plus Steve Kornacki joins us
with a look at new polling out this
morning we'll have that for you very
busy morning you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
