and a voice who's always wanted to come
on I appreciate that it's Louisiana
Republican Senator John Kennedy senator
welcome back to the show thanks Chuck I
want to get to a number of items but let
me pick up where I just left off there I
heard your comments this morning and you
said look the president can ask for any
investigation he wants it's up to the
FBI whether they agree that an
investigation is warranted are you at
all concerned though about the
appearance of this meeting that the
president is convening a meeting
basically with people that are
supporters of his who are trying to
micromanage to be generous the
investigation into him the appearance
doesn't look very good well you either
trust Rob Rosenstein and Chris Rea or
you don't what I said on Scarborough
show this morning and I'll say the game
the president has the right to request
an investigation you have the right to
request an investigation I have the
right the people who asked the FBI to
look into the - the activities and the
behavior of the shooter and parkland in
Florida had the right right none of us
have the right including the President
to influence an investigation and try to
tell the FBI and the Justice Department
how the results should be of an
investigation I don't see any evidence
that the president has done that he
didn't try to hide his meeting I think
Rosen Stein and Ray were both there if
he does try to influence it I will speak
out against it
but he has the right to ask for an
investigation and I don't honestly Chris
I realized there are always two sides to
every story here Chuck but all right but
but that's his prerogative now no no you
may not like the way he does it and you
may not like the tweets that then he
uses Chuck about it but that's a
separate issue from whether he has the
right to say okay the FBI are the
Justice Department or something
Senate in Silla and informant into my
campaign and and hey I'd like to know
what's going on I'd kind of like to know
myself do you think do you think that he
would be taken more seriously by
everybody if it was a bipartisan meeting
it seems odd to me to only invite your
Republican supporters from the house to
view this evidence well I'm not a House
Republican I'm a house senator but but I
think that if the house leadership is
allowed to see certain documents I think
that it's perfectly appropriate indeed I
would recommend it that the our
Democratic colleagues in the house be
allowed to send representatives as well
I think that's only fair is there a
point or what is your breaking point on
this when it comes to how you've seen
this get look at the end of the day it
feels as if there's an attempt to
politicize everything that we're talking
about these days at what point do you
say you know what there's too many
people mucking with this investigation
will somebody just let this
investigation play itself out he's
Robert Muller this guy isn't you know
Javert he's got a track record that has
gun high-level bipartisan credentials
here at what point is there enough
people say you know what enough with
these tactics guys you're making the
president look guilty even if you don't
think he is well I can only give you my
point of view I mean I don't hate
anybody I know that's rare up here but I
really don't I won't see the facts and
here's what we know there here's what I
think I know
Russell tried to influence the 2016
elections did they succeed we don't know
yet so we have a member of the FBI is
he's specially appointed Mahler
who's supposed to get the facts we also
know we have mr. Horowitz the Inspector
General of Justice looking into it as
well everything else is just spin and
rumor and speculation and innuendo on
both sides
including the president he's but he's
got the right to his opinion just like
those who who who hate him have the
right to their opinion and I'm prepared
to wait for the facts I don't think mr.
Muller ought to be fired
I don't Reggie's a bad guy I have
confidence in the inspector general I
just want the facts and then I'll let
the American people decide they're smart
enough to figure this out they're plenty
smart they will figure this out
but everything else Chuck is just
sometimes it's it's interesting to
listen to
and I'm not saying anybody's wrong to do
it but it's all speculation you know the
gentleman that you just had on I don't
remember his name he seemed to be very
intelligent but you know talking about
this has provoked a constitutional
crisis I don't see it you know I just
don't see it any facts yet I think your
warning about let the investigators to
finish their investigation before we
question their investigation I wish the
crazy
I do wish they would hurry up I think
I'm Americans and good who are in good
faith would like to see these
investigations concluded sooner rather
than later they're important but they do
suck up a lot of oxygen I mean there are
times up here they're only on the hill
that that's all folks want to talk about
that's okay except there are other
important issues too I'm not saying that
the investigation is not important but
it but but it is it does it does take up
a lot of oxygen look I want to talk
about a bill that you're actually
co-sponsoring a Joe Manchin because in
some ways it's a mmm it's about this
larger issue of distrust and Trust in
our institutions as it is it has to do
with lobbyists so in some ways it's part
of that larger trust issue were dealing
with but let me ask you this your bill
would require lobbyists to disclose if
they've been convicted of bribery
extortion tax evasion and other crimes
why are you confident this will be
constitutional and the reason I say this
is any American citizen can be a
lobbyist now you know registering it
there's certain rules about at some
point why you have to register as one
but at what point are you well do you
that a Supreme Court might say you know
what you're you're actually getting in
the way of a citizen's right to lobby
their government well you make an
excellent point we are as Americans have
the right to petition our government and
professional paid lobbyists have the
right on behalf of a client to to lobby
the government as well what what senator
mansions bill and and my bills says is
that if you're required to register
under them obvious Disclosure Act then
one of the things you have to tell us is
whether you've ever been convicted of
the of a crime like fraud or
embezzlement kickback or our bribes we
had a horrible situation years ago with
the gentleman by the name of Jack
Abramoff right who who scammed a Native
American tribe in my state out of 31
million dollars by saying that he needed
the money to do some grassroots work and
I was surprised to find out that that
lobbyists when they register are not
required to say if they've been
convicted of these crimes I mean do
anything what do you think this will do
I mean why not why not figure out a way
to curtail how much money they're
allowed to donate or raise if we've
learned anything from the Russian
investigation we've learned that you got
to be careful who you meet with now I'd
like to know I tell my staff all the
time look I know we're you know we're
all in a rush here but I want to know
who I'm meeting with you know John I
look I'm up on Wikipedia pull their
registration I'd like to know who they
are and that's all this bill says is if
you if you care to look you'll be able
to find out somebody who wants to talk
to you professionally on behalf of the
client has been convicted of bribing a
congressman I kind of like to know that
I do think when you're convicted of
bribing a congressman that is my guess
is usually pretty good public record on
there Senator John Kennedy it's relevant
fair enough I agree it's not irrelevant
that's for sure I would assume they
wouldn't be hired to lobby much after
that anyway but anyway since Washington
around here gonna happen shucks hey now
that there's a very true statement sir
thank you very much thank you I'm
sharing your business hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV Daily and MSNBC you
get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
