with me now Matthew Miller former chief
spokesman for the Justice Department
also an MSNBC justice and security
analyst who has just written an opinion
a piece about what we've been talking
about here just wrote it for the
Washington Post it's up we're going to
talk about that Stephon cash is also
with me Steven a former New York
assistant district attorney also former
chief counsel to the Senate Judiciary
Committee mr. Miller let me start with
you during that that presser that just
wrapped up a short time ago not so much
a presser as it was back and forth with
reporters in the Oval Office there
president Trump ignoring a question
about confidence in rod Rubinstein this
is what he said if they had spies in my
campaign that would be a disgrace to
this country that would be one of the
biggest insults that anyone's ever seen
and it would be very illegal aside from
everything else who would make probably
every political event ever look like
small potatoes so we want to make sure
that there weren't I hope there weren't
frankly and he did not answer when asked
whether he still had confidence in rod
Rhodes and Snyder in your opinion paste
Matt you wrote in part in surrendering
this ground Rosenstein seems to be
giving the president and his defenders
in Congress just enough accommodation
without fatally compromising the Justice
Department's independence to forestall
either his own firing or Muller's and to
buy enough time for mullah to complete
his work
but my finally agreements chair those
those classified documents with
Republicans yesterday a lot of folks are
saying that Rosen Stein has officially
caved is that how you see it and if so
why I think he has caved somewhat I am
sympathetic to the position he's in look
he has no defenders really inside the
administration he has very few defenders
on the hill
Republicans are kind of in one of two
camps one of these bunch of Republicans
who are actively trying to interfere
with the investigation the ones you show
of holding a press conference earlier
and then other Republicans who just kind
of cower in the corner and don't ever
say anything about the president's
assaults on the Justice Department so
it's really no one to stand up for him
and I think what he's trying to do is
buy some time and hopefully you know get
Muller a few more months before you know
the president reaches into the Justice
Department and finds a way to shut this
investigation down but what I worry
about is in the meantime you know all of
this is governed by Noor
there's no there's no law there's
nothing in the Constitution that that
protects the Justice Department and we
keep seeing these norms slipping you
look at this meeting the president held
yesterday you know that meeting a year
ago or two years ago under another
administration by itself would have been
a scandal
the president you know in a meeting
discussing information relating to an
investigation into himself and his
associates an investigation that has
already produced multiple criminal
charges but it's just kind of chalked up
as another thing the president is doing
because he's sort of shifted the debate
and shifted the the ground under which
everything operates and what I worry
about is that Rosen Stein continues to
just give up a little bit here a little
bit there and a little bit there and by
the time he does try to stand and fight
against the president the world has
moved on and it's far too late Steve
congressman Nunez chair of the House
Intelligence Committee as you know
they've already issued a report on the
committee's investigation and they're in
the Russia collusion the Trump campaign
noonas at one point as you know who
accuses himself four-bit comes back as a
former chief counsel to the Senate
Judiciary Committee what jurisdiction
does Devin Nunez have to be requesting
this sort of highly classified
information right now well I I think he
yes jurisdiction it's the House
Intelligence Committee he's the chairman
and this is an intelligence matter
what's important about the committee's
and I draw your attention to the
contrast between the House Committee and
the Senate committee and how they both
work through this is to serve in its
oversight role in a way that the
American people look at it and trust it
as honest bipartisan straight-ahead
interested in true oversight seeing if
there's anything wrong I think there are
a lot of people who are concerned that
chairman Nunez requests is has nothing
to do with true oversight but is
interested in looking at that
investigation from a lens that's already
been focused and focused negatively
asking for specific information about
sources and sources and methods strikes
very close to the heart of the
intelligence community the traditions of
that community as well as the FBI which
is of course a part of the
people help people understand
specifically Matt this may be a better
question for you why is that so
dangerous why should that concern a
folks who might be watching or listening
who would say well if they don't have
anything to hide then what's the danger
in knowing that well there are two
reasons specifically in this case one is
a generalized reason that applies to
really any time you get into this area
and that's if a source a confidential
sources name is exposed publicly either
he can be put in danger his associates
can be put in danger or investigations
either active or former that he worked
on could be could be jeopardized with
the information that those
investigations produce could be
jeopardized compromised in some way but
then there's a more specific worry in
this case and that is the jet you know
the New York Times reported a couple
weeks ago that the Justice Department
Rosenstein specifically is concerned
that people on the House Intelligence
Committee are trying to pull information
out of the Justice Department about this
investigation so they can turn around
and back-channel it to the President of
the United States as we've seen Devon
Nunez do in other instances so in this
case you're not worried just about the
exposure of this source and his Network
and his investigations he worked on but
also that these members of Congress are
working to actively help the president
thwart this investigation Stephen this
call for you go ahead you look like
you're about to say something else well
I just want to add one one aspect there
that's important for people to
understand that it's not only as Matt
just said so so correctly the
investigation this source could place
them in danger but there's an infinite
amount of future sources people out
there who could provide information to
our intelligence community that could be
the piece of information that we need to
protect ourselves and that is far in the
future but those people are watching
this and they're trying to make a
decision can you trust American
intelligence can you trust the FBI will
I be safe if I decide to help America
and that is an extremely important thing
I'd also add that Rosenstein has one
other thing and it ties into that which
you may not have a lot of allies on the
hill or in the administration but
there's a deep core in the FBI in the
Department of Justice and in the
intelligence community that in my
experience is
non-partisan they are going to continue
doing their work conducting their
investigations conducting their
counterintelligence investigations and
they're not going to listen to a lot of
this noise they're going to keep their
noses to the grindstone and keep working
we'll leave it there Matt Miller Steven
cash thanks to you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
