sorry I disagree that is the way
Washington works but this is no normal
time in Washington it's a very different
context than in the past and when you
look at authoritarian societies and how
they lose their freedoms it's by little
slices incrementally this goes on over
time and all of a sudden you reach
critical mass and you don't realize what
you've lost until it's gone and that's
the danger we're in now because each of
these little slices appears okay it's a
compromise it's innocent but there are
some fundamentals here that the United
States has to observe when it comes to
law justice and procedure and I think
all of those are being eroded oiling the
Frog slowly if you will
boiling the Frog slowly Alexei fine it's
an important frog hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
