think about this the state of Hawaii is
larger in landmass tonight than it was
at this time last night and it's all
because of the raging stream of lava
that forms into rock and thus new land
where it meets the sea in a chain of
islands born of volcanoes long ago
Kilauea continues to rule over the Big
Island and 20 new seams have opened up
in the ground and where that lava meets
the Pacific where that new land is
formed it also forms a dangerous
airborne toxin that contains sulfur
hydrochloric acid and tiny tiny
particles of glass that can irritate the
eyes and the lungs and we want to show
you Miguel Almaguer reporting for NBC
news tonight about a hurtling flaming
volcanic rock that was airborne hit a
man while he sat on his deck and crushed
his leg and started a fire as you'll see
with molten fireballs launching through
the air a soaring lava bomb has now
struck its first victim our crew was
there as Mark Clawson searched for his
injured neighbor putting out the home
that caught fire
red hot rock shot into his friends legs
and rolled across the balcony they took
a pretty good hit to the lower leg and
he's in the hospital now and will
the thief he loses the foot or not over
3,000 earthquakes have been recorded
since that first eruption earlier this
month over 2,000 people have left their
homes behind and are on the move
pending more evacuations as roads get
cut off meaning they can't get help to
the people who need it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
