this just in former New York City Mayor
Michael Bloomberg who was elected as a
Republican and became an independent in
2007 announced on social media this
morning that he is rejoining the
Democratic Party he writes quote at key
points in US history one of the two
parties has served as a bulwark against
those who threaten our Constitution two
years ago at the Democratic convention I
warned of those threats today I have
rear edge' stirred as a Democrat I had
been a member for most of my life of his
life because we need Democrats to
provide the check our nation needs so
bad I think it looks like you may get
your wish I like them it may be that
Michael Bloomberg could be considering a
run for US economy as a Democrat thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
