senator thank you so much for being with
us you know a lot of things happening
over the past couple days I know the
chairman of your committee has suggested
the Moller committee moves forward let's
investigate make sure everything's okay
any concerns about the events in the
past 24 to 48 hours where the
president's pushing the Justice
Department to investigate the
investigators the president is asked for
investigation shows we all know that's
just right I mean you can ask for
investigation I can ask for an
investigation doesn't mean the FBI has
to do it
what would disturb me is if someone
tried to steer an investigation in a
particular direction but to ask for an
investigation and I'm linked that's
improper I mean the president's entitled
to do it and as I said you are I am
right I would let me look at this from
30,000 feet
the Inspector General's investigations
mr. mother's investigations I don't want
to interfere with them but I really wish
they would try to wrap it up and report
to the American people there's been so
much speculation and rumor and innuendo
and frankly I don't know what to believe
or not the balloon I don't think the
American people do either but once one
smaller and the Inspector General make a
report the American people will figure
it out you know most Americans don't
they don't read Aristotle everyday they
don't have time there are no living but
they're smart they'll figure it out yeah
messing you up you had said that we all
have a right to
to ask for investigations but we
shouldn't try to influence the outcome
of the investigations and you agree and
yet the president would you would you
recommend to the president that he not
classified Muller's investigation as a
witch-hunt democratic driven corrupt etc
etc etc well I can I can I can ask him I
doubt he'll do it well there's a concern
does it concern you as a member of the
Judiciary Committee what concerns me as
a member of the Judiciary Committee is
that everybody's out there spinning
including the president everybody yes
right and and the people that don't like
Trump are saying well something happened
and the people that do like Trump are
saying well it's a witch hunt and
president as we know weighs in and
there's all the speculation and innuendo
it I don't know what to believe I think
I'm like the average America but I do
want to know I want to know and I'm
gonna see the facts
well we actually we do know senator
because the president's own appointed
Intel chief said the Russians tried to
interfere with the 2016 election they
did there's no doubt about that and the
and the president says that's not true
and there should be no investigation and
that's a witch-hunt again I'm not not
trying to be difficult and don't want it
to stand I disagree but I I've always
respected you as a straight shooter and
I at least want to lay this predicate
that you are concerned that the the
president of United States the guy that
runs the executive branch is striking
out against robert muller the FBI the
Department of Justice and other Intel
agencies I'm concerned if the president
tries to influence an investigation now
as long as he offers his an opinion
about an investigation he's entitled to
do that just as you are just as just as
I am there's no doubt in my mind that
the Russians did interfere in the 2016
election now did they determine the
outcome of the election
you know I don't know how anybody can
throw that conclusion even with the
facts they'll have a multitude of
reasons for voting the way they do
all I'm saying is that all we have is
speculation
sometimes it's rational speculation but
speculation it's rumor it's in your
window and I want to see the facts if
somebody did something wrong with the
chips fall where they may
right but the American people are smart
enough to figure it out but we've got to
have a report and I trust I trust the
FBI to give us a report and I trust the
Inspector General to give us a report
and let's get the facts and somebody
deserves to be punished let's punish the
hell out of them and move on I totally
totally agree with you and I don't want
to haggle there's the last question I'll
ask regarding this investigation but you
said you're concerned if the president
tries to influence the investigation or
if anybody tries to influence the
investigation yes he is the president
the United States he has appointed these
people in the Justice Department he
hasn't pointed the director of the FBI
he can't fire all these people saying
and so it seems to me by very nature of
a president striking out attacking an
investigation attacking the FBI
attacking the Justice Department would
be like you or me walking into our
offices and attacking people inside of
our offices by a very nature of the
positions we hold in the very nature of
the position the president of the United
States holds that would be him trying to
influence the investigation correct well
it comes down to character Joe if we
have people in upper echelon of the FBI
our Justice Department but they can't
stand up I completely agree with you but
I'm not trying to get into their heads
I'm just trying to get to the point on
whether Donald Trump is trying to
investigate the invest trying to
influence the investigation by his very
actions by the world no I don't know
really nobody else does you have to you
can draw conclusions from the objective
evidence know what's going on it's
prettier because there's no answer it's
pretty objective evidence though was it
not
the senator it's willie geist you said a
minute ago echoing something that the
vice president said last week that you
wish Muller would quote wrap it up I
wonder why there's this urgency to get
it over with you're a practicing
attorney for a long time shouldn't the
time for it to wrap up be when the
investigation is complete when all the
evidence has been gathered and then the
Special Counsel can give us his report
why this rush to get it over with now
well I don't think we're rushing I mean
it's been a year you don't know where
the investigation stands so why would
you say right here and now that it's
time to wrap it up without knowing
what's happening the investigation
that's why I say that Russian
interference and they did try to
interfere in our 2016 elections is an
important issue but we've got a lot of
other important issues and this issue
guy just sucks all the oxygen out of the
room I mean on some days that's all
anybody wants to talk about up here in
the media and outside of the media and
all I'm saying is my personal preference
I might try to tell mr. Boehner what to
do I don't have the authority anyway I'm
not trying to interfere in his
investigation I don't want to end his
investigation I will just ask
respectfully if he can along with the
inspector general to try to wrap it up
now in terms of the president trying to
influence the investigation look the
president tweets a lot we know that well
I'm not a big fan of it if he asked me
about my advice I would I would tell him
that I try to convince him the tweeting
less would not cause brain damage you
don't have to you don't have to tweet
every day but he likes to tweet and that
says that's just stop and that's his
prerogative and it's not my style but it
is but would you agree senator that the
fact that a lot of people are talking
about Bob Muller's investigation the
fact that it may be a distraction to the
president is not a reason to quote wrap
it up sure but not not alone no but I
think a years a long time and I will be
I mean I confess I'm guilty I'll be glad
when this is all over with we've got a
lot of other not more
a lot of other important issues and
there are some days we'll be up here
where there's just there's no oxygen
left in the room it's just all so still
the one degree center it's important to
find out how and why Russia didn't medal
as you said they did it how and why they
meddled in the 2016 elections so
wouldn't you want that investigation to
play out however long it takes yes yes I
do
and we know they tried to meddle we know
one of the ways they get it was through
social media platforms look if I were
king for a day and I'm not and don't
aspire to be I would hit Putin so hard
with sanctions he'd call up bones I just
shut him down but that's just my opinion
yeah hey so senator we want to make sure
that a Republican a good Republican like
yourself come on our show and I think
they're gonna have to talk about donald
trump and robert muller and russia the
whole time look so watch the show all
the time
I enjoy you know he's like Jeb Bush said
we get a seal it's like you're three
hours they're just beating the same seal
over and over again that's what Jeb said
about our show so what we want to do
here is because you are correct there's
a lot more stuff going on out there then
Donald Trump is tweets the Justice farm
you know that's all sort of a really
important what issue for you right now
is is is in the front of your mind right
now as something that you think the
American people need to focus on oh gosh
there's so many North Korea I guess
would be the first so let's so let's
talk about that are you concerned that
the president may be moving too quickly
towards this summit with North Korea no
here's what I think I think number one
Kim jong-un the boy king is a butcher I
feel badly for the people in North Korea
he's built a third-rate country with
nuclear weapons so we have to take them
seriously I think eventually he'll come
to the table for a couple reasons not
number one
China has told him to I think China
almost completely controls North Korea
some disagree with me but I think if you
took president
Qi Xing ping of China turned him upside
down and shook him Kim jong-un would
fall out of his pocket number two I
think well sure I rather North Korea
will come to the table because the
sanctions are hurting badly number three
how can I put this
you remember Nolan Ryan the hundred mile
an hour fastball pitcher nerve growth he
also hit one hundred and fifty eight
batters and reporter asking one time
said look what's your edge with batters
and and Ryan says well it helps if they
think I'm a little crazy well I think
kim jungeun thanks to the president's a
little crazy
I'm not saying the president's crazy but
Kim jong-un saw what he did in Syria
twice he knows that the military option
is on the table and it makes him nervous
and when you combine all three of those
things sanctions China telling him to do
it and the fact that he thinks the
president might use military force I
think what would he'll come to the table
will we get a get a good deal I hope so
if we if we don't we shouldn't take the
deal yeah Dizzy Dean also said that I
think Nolan Ryan got that from dizzy
there he was the best and I think it
kind of packs a punch though with a
hundred and two mile an hour fast law
yeah that's a whole lot of crazy coming
at you so let's talk about net
neutrality what's your position on that
neutrality I voted to sustain it here's
why the cable companies and the other
people are companies that provide
internet say they contend that in a free
market so long as they disclose the
cable company should have the right to
control their product they say that they
should have the right to decide which
websites download quickly which websites
download slowly and which websites don't
download it all depending on how much
money you pay them and if you don't like
it just switch service providers now in
principle I agree with that there's just
one problem
there's not a free market in my state
23% of all Louisianians have access
to one internet service provider that
can deliver the download speeds they
need 25 megabits per second nationwide
that numbers 19% if you throw out
satellite and just go to fixed broadband
half of all Americans have access to
only one Internet service provider the
Internet is a necessity
it's like water it's like lectricity
it's like a telephone and and if your
internet service provider jacks up the
price on you you can't switch and many
people can't afford it five or ten years
from that when we've got 5g where we
have a true free competitive market I'll
agree with the with the cable companies
but right now I just don't and some of
my colleagues disagree with me but you
know that's way it rolls all right
senator john kennedy thank you very much
for being on the show thank you so much
senator we greatly appreciate it he's
watching thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
