all right joining us now from Washington
DC with a look at Axios am
editor-in-chief for Axios and making his
morning joe first look debut Nick
Johnson Nicholas welcome to the program
what is this is one big thing for this
morning yeah we're looking at Trump's
cave on China you remember the rhetoric
from earlier in this year about a coming
trade war that sent markets reeling your
viewers such as a couple minutes ago
that markets are at new highs that's
thanks to the change in tone over the
weekend when Treasury Secretary Stephen
Winton came out and said the trade war
is on hold
there's an agreement between China to
somehow dial that back and I think we're
looking at why China why Trump changed
his tone on China so talking about the
role that North Korea plays into all of
this right that's actually a huge thing
that hangs over a lot of what the
administration is doing John China is
turned North Korea's biggest patron then
the key point of leverage on what
happens with North Korea remember that
summit is just a couple weeks away and
Singapore between Trump and North
Korea's leader from once that summit to
be a success and he can't go into that
in a trade war with China so it's very
certain to sort of smooth over the
leadership with China on trade before
the much more important in their mind
meeting with South Korea with North
Korea happens next month so what's the
perspective on why China is the winner
in this why do they emerge as the likely
winner in the standoff right there were
none of the really strong provisions
that a lot of anti China people wanted
in this none of the huge openings up of
the market a key point of contention is
over how China treats intellectual
property when they do deals with
American companies they have to do sort
of partnerships in China none of those
changes happened there was no crackdown
on how China treats intellectual
property and so it's very much seen as a
way that China came out ahead primarily
because Steven mentioned remember is
much more of a free trader than some of
the other people in the administration
because he led those negotiations we
think there was a softer tone taken I
know that access is is looking at the
tendencies of voters how are voters more
impatient distracted and demanding and
is that making it tougher for
politicians really to reach them right
now yeah this is a great story we have
on our site this morning something we
look at a lot a tax basis how walking
around telephones holding these things
sort of a
firing our brains completely turning us
Maron more distracted and impatient and
we're writing about today is how
consumers will really pay for what they
want to watch on television so big
bundles are going away they only want to
see these things when they can see them
whether extreme you're on an iPad and
they won't tolerate ads at all that's uh
pending the media landscape leading to
all these deals among technology
companies leading a technology company
to try and create more content and for
the midterms like you have it may make
it more difficult for campaigns to get
their message out because the audience
is so distracted so let me ask you this
we've gotten some reporting this morning
about White House employees who draft
tweets right for the president even
incorporating elements of his own
Twitter style sometimes with the word
the caps and all the exclamation points
and what have you
what is Axios hearing about this the
mystery behind the tweets right what a
great story that is know the key to
social media is being authentic and I
think that so many presidential master
during the campaign and continue to do
as president a great story in The Boston
Globe at my friend Annie Linsky today
shows that even when staff writes tweets
for the president they try to mimic that
kind of style the punctuation the
grammar the exclamation points but I
think a key thing she noticed in that
story is that they don't include
spelling mistakes on purpose that's all
the president hey what do you what's
actually is looking at ahead today a big
thing today is continue to follow up on
sort of the ongoing China results if
there's more news coming out on for
preparation for the North Korea summit
and as well we're looking at midterm
elections later today a couple of them
I'm going to keep my eye on and ongoing
follow-up between the Justice Department
and the FBI a lot of news yesterday but
the meeting of the President had
prompting that investigation we're going
to try and dig more into what the
president wants to get out of that yeah
and it'll be interesting to see whether
that meeting as we were reporting
earlier was by The Washington Post a way
to delay getting those documents to the
congressional leaders or whether or not
they're actually gonna be forthright
with it as well all right Nick Johnson
great thanks Nick I'd be on the program
thanks for joining us we're gonna be
reading Axios and in just a little while
of course to all of our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter by going to Axios com all
right that does it for us on this
Tuesday morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
