well at the end of the first year of his
presidency December 2017 Donald Trump
decided to once again give an exclusive
interview to the newspaper which he
calls the failing New York Times and
each time he gives an interview to that
newspaper that he calls the failing New
York Times he's really proving that his
real view of it is the important New
York Times and in that interview the
President of the United States said I
have absolute right to do what I want to
do with the Justice Department now that
statement was a public threat to the
integrity of the mission of everyone
working in the Justice Department
including the FBI which is a part of the
Justice Department since the J Edgar
Hoover ear of the FBI when presidents
routinely tried to use the FBI for their
own political purposes the FBI and the
Justice Department have worked very hard
to establish operational independence
from the president after President
Richard Nixon was caught trying to use
the FBI for political purposes and
forced to resign the presidency all
subsequent presidents were careful to
never appear to be trying to influence
the work of the FBI or the Justice
Department when special prosecutors were
appointed to investigate presidents or
their administrations it was traditional
for the president's Attorney General to
choose a special prosecutor from the
opposing party of the president so that
the investigation would be considered
uncompromising special prosecutors
political affinity if not loyalty to the
president then Donald Trump changed all
that Donald Trump got a special
prosecutor who is a Republican a special
prosecutor who is a member of Donald
Trump's own party but that didn't stop
Donald Trump from attacking the special
prosecutor for leading a witch-hunt as
he called it everyone working in the
Justice Department has known for a long
time now that the integrity of their
mission is under attack by the President
of the United States an attack that has
been joined by many Republican members
of the House of Representatives and so
you have a choice to make if you're
working in the Trump Justice
Department you can completely sell out
all of your integrity to Donald Trump
which no one in the Justice Department
seems to have done not publicly anyway
you can resign you can resign from the
Trump Justice Department over the
principle that the Justice Department
must be operationally independent from
political pressure from the present but
no one in the Justice Department
resigned when the president said last
year I have absolute right to do what I
want to do with the Justice Department
another president saying something like
that could have easily provoked the
resignation of the Attorney General and
the Deputy Attorney General and the
assistant attorneys general the third
option for people working in the Trump
Justice Department is to adapt adapt to
the president's assault on the integrity
of the Justice Department and figure out
a way to continue doing your jobs while
the president continues his attack on
the integrity of the justice justice
department and that seems to be what
most people in the Justice Department
have done they have adapted they have
adapted to trump so that they can
continue to fulfill the oath they all
took to quote defend the Constitution of
the United States against all enemies
foreign and domestic
some people using the old model of what
Justice Department officials should do
if the president tries to interfere in
their investigations predicted yesterday
the Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen
Stein would simply have to resign on
principle after Donald Trump tweeted
this I hereby demand and will do so
officially tomorrow that the Department
of Justice look into whether or not the
FBI DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the
Trump campaign for political purposes
and if any such demands or requests were
made by people within the Obama
administration exclamation point but rod
Rosenstein
was ready for this he could see this one
coming and because this is not the old
world order in which Justice Department
independence is prized by everyone in
Washington rod Rosenstein did not resign
in protest over a Donald Trump tweet
instead within hours of that tweet
yesterday afternoon rod Rosenstein
issued a statement saying if anyone did
infiltrate or surveil participants in a
presidential campaign for inappropriate
purposes we need to know about it and
take appropriate action now understand
rod Rosenstein is in a position to
already know whether anyone did
infiltrate or surveil participants in a
presidential campaign he already knows
that that did not happen
rod Rosenstein certainly already knows
what has been publicly reported that
someone in England had a couple of
conversations with a couple of people
who were affiliated with the Trump
campaign and that source in England told
the FBI about those conversations that
is not infiltrated or surveilled as
Donald Trump put it so rod Rosen sign
already knows that no one is going to
find that the FBI infiltrated or
surveilled the Trump campaign for
political purposes as the Trump tweet
put it rod Rosen Stein knows that there
was an investigation of Russian
interference in the presidential
campaign and possible Russian influence
and assistance to the Trump campaign and
that that investigation was not
conducted for political purposes but for
national security purposes and so it is
no big deal that broad Rosenstein and
the Justice Department in response to
the president's tweet quote asked the
inspector general to expand the ongoing
review of the FISA application process
to include determining whether there was
any impropriety or political motivation
in how the FBI conducted its
counterintelligence investigation
of persons suspected of involvement with
the Russian agents who interfered in the
2016 presidential election so yesterday
afternoon the president demands be a
tweet that the Justice Department
investigate itself and the Justice
Department says ok we will and in the
statement announcing the investigation
very conclusively without a shadow of a
doubt the statement says that Russian
agents interfered in the 2016
presidential election in that same
statement the Justice Department says
that it was a counterintelligence
investigation
the president's tweet yesterday came a
day before a long-scheduled meeting at
the White House with the president
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
FBI director Christopher ray and the
Director of National Intelligence dan
coates and so media speculation was
filled with the question of would Rosen
Stein's basically passing of the Trump
tweet to the Justice Department
inspector general be good enough for the
president will the president demand
something grander than an inspector
general investigation will the president
demand the new special prosecutor when
he met with rod Rosen Stein today at
3:00 p.m. and once again rod Rosenstein
appears to be one of the expert adapters
to the presidency of Donald Trump
because the president did accept rod
Rosenstein handing off of the
president's demand to the inspector
general and so rod Rosenstein did not
resign today that's the big news
rod Rosenstein did not resign today rod
Rosenstein did not do what most members
of previous Justice Department's would
have done if a president publicly
threatened the integrity of their
mission rod Rosenstein did not give the
president what the president has wanted
so badly for so long broad Rosenstein
'he's resignation
instead rod Rosen Stein gave the
president an investigation by the
inspector general the lowest-level
investigation that the Justice
Department conducts and it is an
investigation to which rod Rosenstein
already knows
all the answers rod Rosenstein knows
that the inspector general is not going
to find that the FBI DOJ infiltrated or
surveilled the Trump campaign for
political purposes the president did not
get rod Rosen Stein's resignation today
so the president will not be appointing
a new Deputy Attorney General tomorrow
who would be empowered to immediately
close down Robert Mahler's investigation
and instead of a new Deputy Attorney
General closing down the mall our
investigation tomorrow rod Rothstein
will go back to work tomorrow at his
desk in the Justice Department
overseeing and supporting Robert
Mahler's investigation of the President
of the United States joining our
discussion now Jill wine banks former
assistant Watergate special prosecutor
and MSNBC contributor Harry Lippmann
former federal prosecutor and Deputy
Assistant Attorney General under
President Clinton and David Frum senior
writer for The Atlantic and author of
trump aqua see the corruption of the
American Republic and Jill wine banks I
want to go to you with your
prosecutorial experience and your
reaction to how Rod Rosenstein handled
this latest public crisis
I think rod Rosen Stein played this
exactly right it's not an ideal world
because in an ideal world the president
would not be demanding this and if he
did demand it the answer would be I know
the answer and the answer is that you
have no evidence to support this and we
only start investigations when there is
probable cause and there is no probable
cause here there is nothing to be
investigated that would be the ideal
answer in an ideal world but in this
case we have to play chess with the
president who doesn't know how to play
chess and the fact that rod Rosenstein
is still the Deputy Attorney General is
a good thing and so I think he handled
it appropriately I'm outraged that the
president is asking for this I'm also
disturbed because I believe that the
president and his
bass will not believe the answer when it
comes out saying there is nothing here
there is no evidence to support it and
the investigation was totally
appropriate it started based on someone
from a foreign country reporting to the
FBI that there was something going on
between Russia and your campaign and
that evidence was true and correct and
deserved to be investigated so it's a
very tricky question because after this
investigation it's still not going to be
believed even though it should have been
believed right now today Brad Rosen
Stein could have said I know I've
investigated this and I know that
there's nothing there Harry Lippmann to
Jill's point rod Rhodes decide better
than anyone since unlike the Attorney
General who's recused himself rod
Rosenstein is overseeing everything he
knows everything is in a position to
know everything about the way all of
these investigative processes have
started what they know now what they've
discovered so he's sitting there tonight
knowing it seems the answer to what it
is the president wants investigated yeah
but of course that's a strength as Jill
says that can inform his actions I would
I would use the baseball analogy instead
of chess here I don't think Trump is so
subtle but he threw up he threw a bean
ball right at the head and and Rosen
Stein was able to sort of foul it off
the IG referral is actually the right
place for something like this the
absolute wrong place is a criminal
investigation it was outrageous and
gruesome for Trump to request it but
when anybody citizen or the President of
the United States says an FBI agent has
acted inappropriately
that's the Ige's province so it isn't
outrageous and I think it's it's correct
that he was adroit and able this was a
temporizing that I think makes sense and
would really distinguish it though with
the the other action where they've
agreed to show the confidential
information tomorrow to Nunez and
company that's an abomination well on
that one David Frum there's some
question about exact
what they will see John Kelly at the
White House saying that they're going to
review the information I don't think we
know yet exactly what they will be shown
and what will be revealed to them and
that kind of meeting may I with
trepidation disagree with the entire
lurid panel with you with Rachel and
with Ben witness and that means I'm
probably wrong but I'm going to disagree
with all please do look I understand why
people say that Ben wrote that Rob Rosen
seemed did the right thing because they
are thinking very much in the way
lawyers think a lawyer doing his job
properly is confronted with a grossly
improper and maybe illegal
maybe not illegal demand from the
president and he's fended it off and
he's lived to fight another day and it
would be completely inappropriate for
the lawyer to think politically and I
think I am going to be fired one day and
my job here is to find the maximum Lee
damaging time - for that to happen
- and to pick that moment at the right
moment and then to draw do as to do as
much as I can to draw public attention
to it today may well have been that day
and I think there's a strong case that
the country would today I understand all
the reasons why the country is well-off
and well served by my mr. Rosen Stein
but here is another scenario which is he
comes to the president it says I won't
do it sir and I won't quit you can fire
me but I want you to know and at that
point the FBI directors also exist if
you fire him I resign and by the way mr.
Rosen scene has three other resignations
in his pocket and you you create you
respond Rachel's had a very good thing
you respond to the lizard brain you
treat this like a confrontation with a
dangerous predator and and you show it
what you have and maybe it eats you
anyway and then we're to constitutional
crisis territory but this slow-moving
dissolution of normal expectations is
also maybe crisis is the wrong word but
it is a corrosion and a corruption we
are all worse off than we were and at
some point someone's gonna have to fight
and maybe today was that day
Jill David really writes a very
compelling scene there and I suppose the
question for rod Rosen Stein is simply
is this that day that
that evaluative moment that David puts
in the scene where rod Rosenstein is
looking for if it's gonna be his exit is
this the maximum impact exit that he
could have I for one would suspect there
are other days coming to rod Rosenstein
where he'll be faced with this decision
I think I agree with you David
definitely made a very compelling case
and it is something that is concerned me
almost since the election because I
think we saw in Hitler's day and I know
people don't like that analogy but he
didn't change everything all at once
he ate away at the fabric of the society
a little at a time first it was one
thing then it was another little
extension and then another extension and
so David's point is very well taken that
that's what we're seeing is one step at
a time but we face this during Watergate
when the Saturday night Massacre
happened it wasn't clear whether we the
staff had been fired or only Archie Cox
had been fired and we debated if we
should resign in protest over Archie's
being fired and Archie met with us and
said absolutely not
you know this case if you leave it will
delay things it will hurt the final
outcome you need to stay as long as you
possibly can to get the maximum evidence
that you can and so we did not resign in
protest and we were reinstated it turned
out we had been fired the office had
been abolished but because of the public
reaction of absolute horror what had
happened President Nixon was forced to
reappoint a new special prosecutor and
mr. Bork who had taken over as Attorney
General was forced to reappoint us as an
office so it may be that they're very
close to having enough evidence that
they can use to show the American public
what is really happening
and that if they can stay for even a
little longer it's a good thing we don't
know that and right now we just have to
trust that Rosen Stein made the right
decision and that at some point
people will stand up and say enough is
sufficient and we have to defend
democracy
Harry Lippmann I was very confident in
my view of this until I heard David from
lay out that scene which is so morally
powerful and compelling and I just
actually re-watched a judgment at
Nuremburg this weekend the movie in
which the defendants after being found
guilty were complaining about how can
you blame the Six Million on us we
didn't have our they were judges in that
case you'll remember that we just
sentenced individual people and there's
the great Spencer Tracy line that Abbey
man the screenwriter gave him at the end
of the movie where he says the first
time you sentenced someone who you knew
was not guilty that's when you became
responsible for all of them look that's
a sympathetic line but I think I think
what David is portraying and he does do
it compelling Lee is essentially a
political analysis when can I do the
most damage I wouldn't say that's the
analysis the analysis is when have I
been asked to do something that just
violates the DNA of the Justice
Department and at that point Rosen Stein
should stand up and in fact there's the
tangible prospect of going to court and
winning but I just don't think it's this
IG referral it would be however the the
playing ball with Nunez and showing a
confidential informant Harry Lippmann
Jill wine banks thanks for your
expertise in this panel
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
