you have a situation with gutter where
allegedly they didn't go through with
the transaction with the Trump family
and then they got punished by the US
government the situation with China
where the president originally said he
was going to revisit one China policy
and when he decided not to lavaca gets
trade marks he decided to through his
Treasury Department sanction the Chinese
firm ZTE he reverses course when China
makes a five hundred million dollar
investment in the Trump brand and
propriety in Indonesia there are so much
evidence of corruption by President
Trump in his allies just a fraction of
which was detailed there by Adam Schiff
we could do a whole show honestly on
corruption every single night just look
at what's going on in Washington tonight
there is a big fundraiser for Mitch
McConnell's super PAC with featured
speaker Mike Pence at where Trump's DC
hotel which made 40 million dollars last
year is one of his best performing
properties and that is because lobbyists
and foreign officials and Republican
power players all want to curry favor
with the president so they spend money
their money that goes right into the
pockets of the president and his family
whether it's Michael Cohen selling
influence in exchange for millions of
dollars in secret payments into his
presidential mistress hush money account
or a TPA chief Scott Pruett flying
first-class in the public time getting a
sweetheart deal on a condo from the wife
of a lobbyist with business before his
agency or Republicans handing a 670
million dollar income tax windfall to
casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and
Adelson then rewarding them with a 30
million dollar check for the midterms
the biggest single through line of the
trump presidency has been a manifest
corruption unseen since at least the
Nixon administration and quite possibly
long long before that an abuse of the
public trust that is unprecedented in
both its breadth and its brazenness and
now congressional Democrats are betting
that Americans outrage over that
corruption will help sweep them back
into power this November president Trump
has embraced the most egregious
establishment Republican norms and
appointed the most conflict-of-interest
ridden cabinet in my lifetime the swamp
has never been more foul or more fetid
than under this president hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
