thing one tonight you may have seen or
heard about the exclusive video of Bill
Gates we aired on this show just last
week and if you haven't oh you must
check it out tonight on our Facebook
page it's Bill Gates talking about his
meetings with Trump and there were quite
a few moments of note the part where
Trump apparently augas Gates's daughter
has gotten its fair share of attention
as has the story of Trump leaving an
event in a car only to return to the
same event in a helicopter just so he
can make a grand entrance that seemed to
get more attention than all the rest
because a difference between HIV HPV I
was able to
that's right the president asked Bill
Gates on two separate occasions if there
was a difference between HIV and HPV
well now he's getting schooled on sexual
health from an unexpected source that's
thing too in 60 seconds
in the days since we released video of
Microsoft founder Bill Gates talking
about the two separate times present
trunks asked him if there was a
difference between HPV in HIV a lot of
people have spoken out expressing
interest in better informing the
president about sexual health top trade
association for the porn industry wrote
an open letter to trump writing we
understand that science is hard and
certainly a challenging concept for
people who do not believe in facts
however your willingness to acknowledge
your own ignorance is the first step in
the learning process so please be proud
of your progress letter then went on to
explain in great detail the difference
between the two viruses but it also
included an expression of gratitude to
the president saying quote we are
honored by the tremendous efforts you
have paid for showcasing industry talent
the spotlight on our industry has never
been brighter
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
