frustrated by the special counsels
investigation into possible campaign
ties to Russia president Tom spent this
weekend throwing a Twitter tantrum
lashing out against the FBI the Obama
administration and his 2016 campaign
rival Hillary Clinton in a dramatic
escalation Trump demanded that the
Department of Justice investigate the
FBI and Department of Justice and where
they infiltrated or surveilled his
campaign quote for political purposes or
one legal expert called the move
unprecedented telling the New York Times
it seems to me that the recipients of
such an order should resign and that
we're heading for another Saturday night
Massacre the president order comes amid
partisan accusations that the US
intelligence source helped gather into
evidence evidence in the Russia
investigation but isn't that how the FBI
gathers information from informants
Trump and his allies in Congress have
used their reporting as an excuse to
bolster unsubstantiated claims that the
FBI spied that's their favorite word on
his campaign here's chief cheerleader
and chimra the Intelligence Committee
Devon Nunez appearing on Fox yesterday
if they ran a spy ring or an informant
ring and they were paying people within
the Trump campaign if any of that is
true that is an absolute redline we
don't know if there's one informant or
more informants because there's so much
out there now it's really getting tough
to follow and all we're asking for is
give us the documentation that you used
to start this investigation okay despite
those claims to Washington Post reports
there's no evidence to indicate an
intelligence source was embedded within
the campaign as the president suggested
the Department of Justice has asked the
inspector general to expand on an
ongoing review to include determining
whether there was any proprietary party
and how the FBI conducted its
investigation well late today the
president met with Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein FBI director
Christopher ray and DNI director Dan
coats to address his concerns his
concerns late this afternoon White House
press secretary Sarah senders issued a
statement saying why not chief of staff
John Kelly will facilitate a meeting
between FBI Department of Justice and
Director of National Intelligence along
with congressional leaders to review
classified material they requested more
I'm joined by Robert constant national
political reporter for The Washington
Post
and an MSNBC political analyst and
Daniel
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of North New York Bob
Robert all I see here is an attempt to
deflect attention from the investigation
which is moving forward and they want to
focus on what and I don't even who the
audience is isn't the FBI supposed to
investigate possible criminality isn't
the job of the FBI to see if the
Russians were involved in one of the
campaigns and what is this spooky sort
of intrigue their kind of great well
that they did that's terrible no it
doesn't matter if they're doing it this
they're doing their job this reminds me
so much of how we get ran down the
forest and that stupid rabbit hole of
Iraq setting up a false premise that if
they investigate it they're doing
something wrong so let's find out
they're investigating or not it looks
like the old mental trick of the hard
right and now they're doing it with this
president your thoughts as a reporter as
a reporter when you think back to the
summer of 2016 when the DOJ and the FBI
started a counterintelligence operation
about the Trump campaign in Russian
interference they believed at that time
that they had enough information to
start that Counter Intelligence
operation but they're now agreed to do
after consultations with President Trump
and having this meeting today is to
figure out what were some of the other
discussions happening around the
formation of this counterintelligence
operation where Congress as to whether
they were including with the Russians or
not if the question is where they
colluding shouldn't we want
investigators to find out that's the
truth or not isn't that what we do in
America we've enforced the law your
thoughts exactly right the FBI and DOJ
believe they had cause to start a
counterintelligence operation but
they're dealing with Congress and the
Constitution says Congress does have
oversight and some people think that
congressional Republicans are over
stretching here pushing DOJ and FBI too
much pushing them around in a bullying
way but then when you talk to
congressional Republicans they say
they're doing their job and that's part
of the tension here and that's what do
Jay is trying to work with this White
House it's very unusual to have these
kind of meetings and demands from a
president to investigate the
investigation complicated constitutional
legal questions
Dan isn't the criminal justice filled
with people who committed crimes and say
I was railroaded the Senate it was the
problem was the prosecutors that were
wrong here not me I didn't kill this guy
if I did so
still but they could they still wouldn't
have to be in the wrong way so let me
off I mean I don't know I just assume
criminals always have an alternative
theory that they're innocent and now in
this case is to try to impeach the
investigators for doing their job of
investigating I don't even get why the
crazy wackiest far right or far anything
would buy this as somehow a legitimate
sort of obstacle to an investigation
going forward on whether this president
and his team had something to do with
foreign powers and win in the election I
just think it's still a great question
we should want to get the answer to the
defense of last resort for people who
are usually very guilty is to scorch the
earth and attack the prosecutor attack
the messenger and what that is exactly
what Trump's team has been doing
particularly since Rudy Giuliani came on
the scene that that is aided by the fact
that because Bob Muller is running a
very professional confidential
investigation there's nothing coming
from the other side so there's nothing
to respond to these scorched earth
attacks which are designed entirely to
undermine the credibility of an ongoing
investigation and seem based on what the
reporting that we read from Bob and
others seem to have very little basis in
fact but there's no one to counter it
and so they're able to sort of
perpetuate this this counter narrative
in in the ether sphere why can't the
Justice Department people say our job is
to investigate the FBI has been
investigating people since the 30s this
is what we do and if we think of foreign
powers involved with one of our
presidential campaigns damn it that's
our job why can you question it back to
you Robert abut the politics that who's
but who beyond the fringe is buying this
well the president's buying it and he
runs the executive branch so that that's
really thrown this whole Justice
Department of a curveball in recent
weeks because they believe that they
have a right to pursue these things and
protect their documents and they're
trying to work with the administration
by having this briefing John Kelly's
gonna participate in a briefing of
lawmakers of highly classified material
of how they use sources secret sources
for counterintelligence operations at
home and abroad but they know that
if they're forced to release documents
to Congress that they don't feel
comfortable releasing because it could
put people in jeopardy for operations in
jeopardy that they may balk and that's
the crisis moment when you talk to
people close to justice that they're
trying to avoid yeah and I thought there
was a chance that sessions would get
around this by saying I'm looking for
any impropriety in the investigations
I'm not looking for investigations where
they took place or not whether we were
checking them where they had Russian
connections but where they did something
wrong I guess they're not going to get
away with it now because Kelly's going
to give them everything it so all they
can do is now you chew on everything to
get a hold of now well there are a
couple of things that are really
problematic about this situation I mean
the first is that the president who's
the subject of an investigation is
convening a meeting with the people
authorizing me that investigation to
determine whether or not the those who
are who are running the investigation
should turn over material related to
that investigation to the president the
subject this is unheard of and Rudy
Giuliani is going on to the media in a
variety of ways saying we just want to
know what the informant says that's
absurd that's outrageous there's no
investigation in this country where the
subject of the investigation should get
any evidence documents or witness
statements related to that investigation
before someone is charged and certainly
before they're interviewed so that's
what the ask is here which is really
difficult to comprehend
I think rot Rosenstein is trying to
deflate and deflect a little bit so that
this issue doesn't become the Saturday
night night massacre and he remains
there in case something even more
egregious happens but the I guess it
there's some compromise here because
Devin Nunez and the House Intelligence
Committee is not going to get the
documents but they are going to see them
which is problematic I'm just a former
federal prosecutor Chris but you've been
in politics for a long time
what legitimate oversight is there that
they can point to in order to get this
information about a confidential
informant I think you're talking about
micro managing your own prosecution
Robert what do you you ever got
noise for this what do you think's
coming about after this meeting with a
with general Kelly if they sit down and
they are shown all these documents it's
like showing Nixon should we look at the
tapes or not mr. President Nixon should
we look at the tapes or ignore them I
mean it's like they're getting review
almost an adjudicative role they can say
well I don't think you should be using
that or you shouldn't have looked at
that or how did you get that or what was
your tradecraft here it seems to be a
very invasive process by people were
basically with the defense and there's
so many different overlapping agendas
here think about it didn't get a lot of
attention over the weekend but when I
spoke to Mayor Giuliani on Sunday he
said the president won't do an interview
with Bob Muller until this whole matter
of the secret source and these documents
with Congress is settled and so you have
not only the White House and Don McGann
the White House Counsel and the chief of
staff John Kelly negotiating with the
Justice Department but you have this
element of the personal legal team and
Mayor Giuliani also being in the
president's ear as he navigates these
issues it makes it quite a firestorm
because there's so many different lines
here so many different people involved
and trying to figure out how much is
going to be revealed about the
counterintelligence operation about
sourcing we could probably move this
investigation along very fast mr. mayor
Giuliani by giving the president's tax
returns to the prosecutor and get it
over with so well know all about all the
information we need to know about the
president's financial involvement
overseas and especially with Russia
should that be useful to have I'm sure
they have them and well maybe Giuliani
should have pushed that a little faster
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
