how extraordinary is this request from
the president and how important are the
details meaning does he need to put this
thing in writing or is it just red meat
for the Sean Hannity's of the world to
talk about all day and all night instead
of them having to discuss Paul Manafort
son-in-law pleading guilty or the latest
story about Don jr. you know I think
it's a bit of both you know for a year
and a half we've watched the president
interfere with the Justice Department
usually in a generalized way usually we
see him complaining on Twitter demanding
investigations but always generally
never specific never you know going to
the lanes he did or I should say rarely
going to the lanes he did yesterday were
demanding up a specific investigation
you know this has always been the
redline that we've been waiting for the
moment where we would know that the
Justice Department and the rule of law
is severely under threat by the
President and I what I think we saw
yesterday in response was the Justice
Department not completely caved but
began to wobble a little bit you know
the the rod Rosen Stein tried to come up
with a bit of a political compromise
here to order up an inspector general
investigation not a full-blown criminal
investigation as the president appears
to want but that in itself is bad enough
you know the president shouldn't be able
to get any kind of investigation ordered
up without a lawful predicate and there
is no lawful predicate here it is a
political request by the President and I
know what Rosenstein is trying to do
he's trying to buy time for Muller to
complete his work before you know the
entire Justice Department being blown up
by firings or forced resignations and I
hope he's struck the right balance here
but I really worry that the president
has been able to creep the line a little
farther
lower the bar a little bit further and
then you know and conditioned the entire
world to him taking this kind of you
know interfering with the Justice
Department and this kind of severely
inappropriate way or has a Jeremy way in
here if rod Rosen Stein says yes we'll
look into this but it's not yet a
criminal inquiry and if Ron Rose if Rob
Rosenstein said take a hike then it
would only infuriate the president more
saying I'm being roadblock by them as
rod Rosen syne playing smart politics
because we're not yet in criminal
territory I think so I think he did the
minimum he had to do to appease the
president and we'll see what President
Trump says about this he's tweeted
half-a-dozen times this morning by my
count he hasn't yet weighed in on this
but I want to go back to the point
seventy that you made at the top of the
show which is just how extraordinary all
of these moves by the president have
been to intervene in a probe in an
investigation about him I've as
journalists we have so overused the word
extraordinary I can't even tell you how
many times I've had to go to a thesaurus
to look up a synonym for it because it's
just it seems to apply to everything
this White House does but look at the
three different things that are going on
with regard to just just the last few
days in this investigation you have an
attempt by Republicans on Capitol Hill
and conservative media pundits to
basically reveal the source the
confidential source of the FBI into this
that that it that's just amazing to me
that this that there are people out
there who want to unmask somebody
possibly putting their personal safety
in jeopardy then you have the president
backing that up saying yes we need to
know more about who this confidential
informant was at the same time you have
Rudy Giuliani saying oh this is all
going to be wrapped up by September and
by the way Muller won't indict the
president so there's this pressure
campaign on three fronts really that I
think is is something that has really
not happened before at this level of
intensity with this investigation
Giuliani could say that all day long the
president's former attorneys we heard
over and over
it'll be wrapped up by the end of the
year and the only person that matters
there is Robert Muller and he seems to
continue to chug on Brett compared this
I'm not gonna say unprecedented but this
extraordinary behavior give us a history
lesson
take us to Saturday night massacre
territory before Richard Nixon got to
that point was he in this same zone and
what happened with the Saturday night
massacre is is it was a massacre because
the Justice Department refused to go
along with its politicization you know
what a bit of additional history here
every single time
Democratic presidents have come anywhere
close to this territory whether under it
was whether it was under President
Clinton and Janet Reno's tenure there
president of President Obama and
Attorney General Holder Republicans have
screamed bloody murder the president is
trying to politicize the Justice
Department this is supposed to have been
a conservative red line you can never do
this and now the same conservative media
that I know so well that spent years
screaming about Obama or Clinton's
alleged attempts to politicize justice
are encouraging the President to take
precisely the step he has I mean Germany
is absolutely right you really have to
reach into a thesaurus to find anything
comparable in American history you
probably have to go back to the early
19th century before the bureaucratize
ation of the various departments of
government when all of these jobs were
intensely political to find anything
analogous it's absolutely extraordinary
the real analogies Stephani are to other
countries investigate the investigators
erred along did that for example in
Turkey when he was under a corruption
investigation back in in in 2013 and
it's it's a brilliant tactic both at a
bureaucratic level as well as at a media
level because it just throws a whole
question the whole issue into this sort
of mass confusion where people have lots
of opinions that everyone says well it's
controversial it's not a it's not
clear-cut what it is is a clear-cut
attempt to politicize the Justice
Department and then the Philippines is
doing it right now with the Supreme
Court so you want to talk about the
other countries that do it not the best
countries okay well then do what do we
know though about the FBI acting
improperly The Wall Street Journal
points out saying if they used
intelligence gathering for political
purposes this is a huge issue if and
that's what the president said - if this
is true bigger than Watergate but what
Matt Miller said he used the phrase no
lawful predicate in regular speak that
would that word be evidence there's no
evidence that this happened let that be
the beauty then let them look into it
it's if if if if if they didn't do
anything improper then the president
will have egg on his face but if they
store wall them then he'll be able to
say look you're not letting me in it's
so corrupt well
in a normal world this is a guy I'd be
walking around with an omelet on his
face I mean he's so often he has said
things that are not true this is the
consequence of a Kaos president this is
the consequence of a chaos candidate a
man who wants to create so much chaos
thinks he thrives in the chaos and one
thing he could do when there's this
swirl of questions and activities and
even the campaign itself like what his
Carter page doing why is he involved how
about playing all those tapes where he
said Carter page had nothing to do with
the campaign well if he did have
something to do with it if he had
nothing to do with the campaign how
could you be investigating if the FBI
infiltrated the campaign by talking to
Carter page it's important to emphasize
the FBI had every good reason densely
suspicious he's the most suspicious guy
in the world
Donald Trump was hiring even if even if
you might suggest the Trump didn't know
who he was hiring who he was bringing on
board the campaign
Carter page had been on the FBI's radar
since 2013 when there was a screenshot
of the Washington Post photo with Carter
page behind your back he was talking to
he was giving an address with it with
the word Sputnik news behind it that is
essentially Vladimir Putin state
propaganda it's clear that the Russians
seem to have had we're making an effort
to cultivate Carter page I'm not saying
that Carter page was was was aware of
that fact that they were cultivating him
the other senior senior member of the
foreign policy team was this twenty or
twenty something year old guy George
Papandreou who's already pleaded guilty
to lying lying to the FBI the head of
the campaign himself was susceptible to
blackmail because of his role
son-in-law pleaded guilty just a few
days ago and there are already one
person tied to all of this the Skadden
Arps lawyer who's in prison so get your
head around that next time you try to
talk witch-hunt at your dinner table
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
