for my money though the single most
fascinating story in all of this is what
has just been reported by veteran
investigative journalist Dexter Filkins
at The New Yorker just before the
presidential election on Halloween
October 31st 2016 Franklin for published
this fascinating and very controversial
piece at Slate calm and honestly it has
been driving me nuts ever since we've
talked about this reporting a few other
times on the show you might remember it
was about logs of Internet traffic logs
of communication between different
computers on the internet that appeared
to show frequent and somewhat
inexplicable contact all of a sudden
during the presidential campaign between
a computer server at the Trump
Organization and a computer server at a
Russian Bank Russian bank called alpha
bank alpha is the biggest private bank
in Russia they have friendly relations
with the Kremlin you don't get to be big
anything in Russia without friendly
relations with the Kremlin alpha bank is
mentioned in the Christopher Steele
dossier that was published to such great
controversy controversy right before the
inauguration executives from alpha bank
actually went on to sue BuzzFeed for
publishing the dossier because the
dossier does mention this alpha bank
just a couple of months ago in August
that lawsuit against BuzzFeed was
dismissed in a US Court for what it's
worth I should tell you that one of the
billionaire founders of alpha bank has a
daughter not that long ago his daughter
married Alex vanderzwaan crazy right one
of the one of the only people who's gone
to jail so far in the Moller
investigation probably all just a big
cooing cooing but for whatever reason at
the height of the campaign in 2016 a
server used by that bank kept making
contact with a server at the Trump
Organization when that server was being
used for almost nothing else why was it
communicating with a Russian bank
it's a vexing little mystery ever since
Franklin 4 first reported on it for
slate.com two years ago Halloween night
right before the 2016 election it has
been a very controversial piece of
reporting
well now Dexter Filkins at
New Yorker has picked that up and run
with it and you know even if you have
felt like this is one of those confusing
stories one of those sidebar stories
about the Russia investigation that
seems too technical and you're not sure
you get it pick up a copy of The New
Yorker or go to New Yorker comm just
print out this Dexter Filkins article
don't read it online printed out read it
on paper read it in a quiet moment one
of the blessings here is that Dexter
Filkins is a very very good writer and I
promise you even if you have been
mystified by this story before you will
be intrigued by it the way that he has
written it up and I'm gonna let him tell
you the story but just to prepare you
for that conversation here's here's a
few things that he sort of blew the lid
off here with this piece in The New
Yorker number one turns out that at the
same time
Franklin 4 was pursuing this story at
the very end of the presidential
campaign in 2016 the New York Times had
been pursuing it to investigative
reporter for The Times named Eric
Lichtblau had the story and was working
on it even before Franklin 4 started
working for it on it for Slate as part
of reporting that story Eric Lichtblau
at the Times apparently came to learn
that the FBI had an open
counterintelligence investigation
underway into possible contacts between
people associated with then presidential
candidate Donald Trump and Russia Oh
which means before the election
the New York Times was in possession of
the story that there was an open FBI
counterintelligence investigation into
Trump in Russia before the election did
I mention that they knew this before the
election remember that headline about
Donald Trump being the subject of an
open FBI counterintelligence
investigation about him and his
campaigns contacts with Russia right
before the election the one that blew
the lid off the election and changed it
no the New York Times did not run that
story even though they knew that that
counterintelligence investigation was
underway New York Times instead ran this
rather infamous story also on October
31st which basically said yeah you know
the FBI looked into some stuff about
trial people been asking questions about
Russia and stuff turns out it's all fine
there's nothing there that's the story
they
on October 31st when The Times knew at
that moment through its own reporting
that actually an FBI counterintelligence
investigation into these contacts had
begun and stood open and they knew that
directly because the FBI asked their own
reporter Eric Lichtblau to hold off on
some of what he had to report about this
alpha' Bank thing because they were
looking into it too and they didn't want
it to interfere with their ongoing
counterintelligence investigation so
they knew I loved me the New York Times
some are concerned the New York Times is
the 8th wonder of the world I do not
want to imagine an America without the
New York Times or with a lesser New York
Times but when it comes to how they
handled the information that they had
about FBI interest in the two
presidential candidates in 2016 at some
point there presumably will have to be a
little bit of a come-to-jesus moment
about that because that was a heck of a
thing for the New York Times to have sat
on and not published especially given
how dead the horse was they were
aggressively beating at the time every
day when it came to Hillary Clinton's
emails they knew Trump was the subject
of a counterintelligence investigation
at the FBI at the time they didn't tell
us the Times has sort of apologized for
that Halloween 2016 story since it ran
they've never run a correction they sort
of explained that their own
disappointment in it but now we know the
times new Trump was under active FBI
counterintelligence beste Gatien before
the election they didn't publish it The
Times also effectively killed what would
have been corroborating reporting from
Eric Lichtblau on that strange thing
about alpha bank and the Trump
Organization servers which Franklin for
ended up reporting all on his own at
Slate too so much controversy these odd
communications between a Russian bank
server and the Trump server they're
reporting could have corroborated that
too for this New Yorker piece Eric
Lichtblau told Filkins quote not only is
there clearly something there but
there's clearly something that someone
has gone to great lengths to conceal
that's not what The Times published but
that's what their reporter found Dexter
Filkins also for the first time explains
in layman's terms
what kind of communications what kind of
interactions between someone in Russia
and someone at the Trump Organization
might have produced the kind of Internet
data that led to all of this reporting
and I will let him explain that in just
a moment because for me that was kind of
the aha moment that finally somebody has
spelled out what this might have been
what would look what would turn up
looking like this in these internet logs
what kinds of communication what amount
of communication what might have gone
down here that produced this evidence
but perhaps most importantly where
Dexter Filkins finally gets with this
story is how this intrigue could finally
one day end how you could make this
question one day have an answer how this
story and all of this intrigue and this
particular mystery could finally be
explained and put to bed quotes this
March after Republicans on the House
Intelligence Committee announced that
they had found no evidence of collusion
between the Trump campaign and Russia
the committee's Democrats filed a
dissent arguing that there were many
matters still to be investigated
including the Trump organizations
connections to alpha bank the Democrats
implored the majority Republicans to
force a company involved in the
communication between the servers a
company called send in to turn over
computer data that would help determine
what had happened quote those records
could show who in the Trump Organization
used the server there would probably
also be a record of who shut down the
Trump domain after the Times contacted
Alpha Bank for comment on its reporting
Senden might also have records of any
outgoing communications sent by the
Trump Organization quote but such a
request for further investigation is
unlikely to proceed as long as
Republicans hold the majority in other
words if there really was the story
that's been so intriguing for two years
now if there really was a secret line of
communication set up between Trump Tower
and Moscow during the election when they
tried to cover up that could be sort of
the missing link in terms of figuring
out how involved the Trump campaign was
in the Russian effort to interfere in
the election on Trump's behalf and if
anybody really wants to figure out
whether that secret line of
communication was there it's doable you
could figure it out they
probably do with just a couple of
subpoenas and in fact if Democrats win
the house four weeks from tonight
it looks like Democrats are ready to go
with subpoenas to get that information
which means we'd finally have an answer
yeah one does of course wonder if Robert
Muller and his prosecutors have already
beaten the Democrats there either before
Dexter Filkins published this piece or
since it has been out the Dexter Filkins
joins us next day with hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
