I can tell you there were people who
have been making threats privately and
publicly against me for quite some time
and I think they should understand by
now the Department of Justice is not
going to be extorted we're going to do
what's required by the rule of law and
any kind of threats that anybody makes
are not going to affect the way we do
our job well okay
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
speaking there earlier this month
joining us now
editor-in-chief of law fair and an MSNBC
legal analyst Benjamin Witness and
former FBI special agent and MSNBC
contributor Clint Watts next week he's
out with the new book messin with the
enemy
surviving in a social media world of
hackers terrorists Russians and fake
news great timing and Joey I do think
that this is the time where the things
that rod Rosenstein and Christopher Rea
believe and say will be put to the test
well yeah I mean it's of course it's so
interesting that so many the players
that the president's attacking now we're
Republicans that he appointed whether
you whether you're talking about
Christopher Rea appointed by Donald
Trump or if you're talking about Jeff
Sessions a man that Donald Trump said
was the smartest person he's ever met
from Washington DC during the campaign
you could go down the list they're all
Republicans Rosenstein a Republican the
FISA judges the for FISA Court judges
all Republicans I mean this is a
democratic conspiracy run completely by
Republicans the president ought to try
to explain that one maybe he can because
he's a lifetime Democrat right who's
contributed to Nancy Pelosi and Chuck
Schumer and the DNC you name it and
maybe he can explain it because I'm very
confused let's go to Ben with us because
Ben whenever I'm confused I just read
something that Ben writes and he at
least makes me feel better about things
so Ben I'm curious I'm curious what your
reaction is I love I love a couple of
these phrases and it even sounds like
the president was trying to give the
Justice Department an escape route even
though we know he wasn't he talked about
if if they were surveilled
if there were any investigations of the
campaign quote for political purposes
and then you had Rosen Stein responding
to that with his a phrase of his own
that you could drive a Mack truck
through yes if any of that happened to
quote for inappropriate purposes I don't
know maybe it's just a lawyer in me but
III could I could work all day with
phrases like that what was your response
to first Trump and then Rosenstein well
so I want to I want to focus on a
different phrase in the president's
tweet which is that tomorrow which is
now today he will officially direct as
opposed to the tweet and that means that
everything depends on what is contained
in this official directive that he has
announced who is coming today
the question I agree with you if there
are caveats like for political purposes
the Justice Department will use those as
a way to finesse the issue and and Rosen
Stein's kicking the matter to the
inspector general yesterday was an
attempt to do that preemptively I think
on the other hand if the president does
what he says he's going to do which is
to direct the Justice Department to for
an overtly political self-interested
purpose to open a criminal investigation
without that isn't properly predicated
by with any factual basis that is a real
redline and I don't believe that either
rod Rosenstein or Chris Rea will will
sit still for that I wanted to ask you
about how you would respond to some
Republicans and some conservatives whom
I respect actually saying last night on
Twitter that the Justice Department is
an executive branch Donald Trump runs
the executive branch he has every right
to order up and in
negation of his own investigation that
seems to me to certainly ignore I well
my god hundreds of years of
constitutional norms yeah so it is as a
technical article to a constitutional
matter correct
save that if you do it for a corrupt
purpose which I think this is almost
openly a corrupt purpose that's a you
know an abuse of power that is itself
you know grounds for an impeachment but
I agree he has the raw constitutional
power to do it
the modern history of the presidency is
not a history of the president
intervening in specific investigations
it's a history of the president keeping
his hands off investigative matters and
more importantly it is also a history of
the FBI not opening investigations for
political reasons the FBI and the
Justice Department open investigations
only when there is what they call a
predicate for those investigations which
is to say some factual basis for the
belief that a crime has been committed
or may have been committed and so when
you have the president when you have
people saying it's fine for the
President to demand for political
reasons a none predicated investigation
they're saying something really quite
radical and quite divergent from the law
enforcement traditions of the modern
executive branch well and Myka if you
want an example of that all you have to
do is go back to 1993 1994 the
travelgate investigation there was a day
that George Stephanopoulos and another
communication aide called over I believe
somebody that ran communications for the
FBI just to work on the press release
regarding the travelgate investigation
and Republicans were screaming to high
heaven that this was a violation of the
constitutional norms of
this great Republic and that Republicans
were interfering with an FBI
investigation go back and look at the
hell that Republicans raised when you
just had communications people trying to
coordinate the message that was sent out
and now fast forward to what 25 years
later you've got the president the
United States under investigation trying
to influence and undermine an
investigation against him well and you
have his attorney who I'm trying to
think of anyone in the administration in
the inner circle who will actually lie
and freelance and distract wildly I
can't think of anyone who actually does
that on the record Rudy Giuliani has
actually started to do that saying
things like there's no campaign finance
violation with the stormy Daniels
payment or the work with Cohen was to
save the marriage or the president isn't
above the law until he is above the law
he literally says these things on
television he yeah what about when he
goes on television and he says oh he
would have paid stormy Daniels anyway
for an affair that took place in 2006
and then they wait a decade and a couple
of weeks before the presidential
campaign anyway no he goes out and he
just again he lies yeah shamelessly just
like the person that he is now
representing it's not it's not nothing
to see here there's so much to see here
it's blinding so Clint Watts try and
pare it down for us you see you tweeted
that there the last few paragraphs of
the New York Times piece was the most
interesting what do you mean by that
well there's a lot of talk about general
Flynn his associations with a group that
was convening there that group was shut
down because in the UK they thought that
was penetrated or possibly being being
used as an influence vector by the
Russian government they were kind of out
in front of this and what's really
interesting in all this if you look for
this Russia investigation the
battleground for influence really was
happening in Europe you've got
Papadopoulos page these people showing
up over in Europe and so when we hear
about this source and some of the
sourcing that was there they the FBI was
trying to explore this connection afar
to see whether this influence was coming
in
ajan had the FBI not explored these
things they would have been totally
negligent their counterintelligence
responsibilities so with general Flynn
what's fascinating is beyond just the
cultivation we saw him show up at the
RIT dinner where there are other angles
where there other things are being
dangled to him where there are other
influencers that were approaching him
and what it might have been a very overt
way but that the UK was on to and when
we talk about sources and allies we see
we are burning just about every source
and every Ally that we have in order to
support the president's conspiracy JC
hunt jumpin yep I have question for for
been witness and and to pick up on on
what Clint was talking about and the
reporting in this New York Times story
and how the the British were involved
and how we or at least reportedly this
informant Lord George papadopolis to the
UK and what is at I'm using what is a
time-honored intelligence technique my
question is more broad though
what would it take who would have to
know about this type of an operation in
the United States who would have to sign
off on that to actually allow what you
know we've discussed as being a
basically unprecedented
counterintelligence investigation into a
presidential campaign to happen okay so
I let me say start first start is that I
don't know any inside information about
how this investigation was conducted -
my assumption is that a significant
investigative step given the
sensitivities of of this would have been
cleared at at a very senior level Nick
so Clint I want to ask you this this
informant for the FBI so as a former
agent yourself we see how the president
is very skilled at reframing things
quickly for his followers and he is
reframed the informant as being spied on
so he wants everyone to worry more about
the investigation than what actually
provoked the investigation but as a
former agent how many investigations
have you been on that involve the
confidential informant how common is it
all I mean it's the cornerstone
of any investigation which is imagine
you're the FBI you receive a report from
the Australian ambassador they may know
that the Russians have taken something
and it's related to one of the
presidential candidates you would
immediately say okay I want to assess
this the other thing that you'd be
trying to do is try to protect the Trump
campaign from being penetrated
potentially this is the you know think
back to 16 you're saying wait a second
maybe they're trying to infiltrate this
campaign candidate Trump isn't even
aware of it which seems to could even be
the case today you would then go to a
confidential informant and say hey
you've had contact with this person
could you go and assess or ask questions
about whether they have any knowledge of
this information and most importantly
how do they know this that's what you're
always trying to drive to so when the
other thing the president consistently
does in Suites is he confuses agents and
informants and all this a confidential
informant is not an undercover agent
this is somebody that you probably
worked with as a source many times over
you have a good track record with them
and you go to them and say have you
heard anything and would you be willing
to try and look into this for us that it
seems to be what they were doing in this
case an undercover agent is someone that
FBI deliberately creates and inserts
over an extended period it's a very
deliberate operation it takes many
layers of approvals within the FBI
headquarters and it's over an extended
basis that did not happen here you know
circumstance Joe so so Ben very quickly
you talked about how it approved would
have to come at a very high level are we
talking about the director of the FBI
are we talking about the Attorney
General we talking about the president
the United States well certainly not the
latter
look I for the reasons that Clint said
this is actually a very gentle technique
it's not you know we're not talking
about electronic surveillance we're not
talking about something that you know
would normally require director or
deputy director level involvement on the
other hand this was a matter of extreme
political sensitivity because they were
they were conducting you know the
beginnings of a counterintelligence
investigation
that touched an American political
campaign right and I Clint is absolutely
right that that was you should think of
that as an effort to protect the
campaign not to spy on the campaign but
it is politically sensitive and so my
assumption is that there would have been
significantly higher level involvement
than you would normally expect given the
gentleness of the technique but I don't
know that for sure
and I don't know how high the approval
would have been Benjamin Witness Clint
Watts thank you very much both for being
on this morning and ahead on Morning Joe
she was acting Attorney General for all
of ten days before being fired by
President Trump Sally Yates will join us
we'll get her unique perspective on the
president's tension with the DOJ
Plus is President Trump losing the trade
battle with China he is up and tweeting
about that this morning Morning Joe is
coming right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
