and if you can figure out and describe
what this day trading doctrine is for
foreign policy then you can have an
opinion on it John you have a piece for
RealClearPolitics entitled Trump's you
know at the unilateral unilateralism
risks further alienating Millennials and
I'm having trouble talking this morning
but the bottom line is his foreign
policy the Millennials aren't buying it
no and that is this is one of the few
numbers in the entire poll where
Democrats Republicans independents even
young people who approve of Trump's a
job performance about 60% in every
single group believe it's the UN's
responsibility in other countries to
take the lead in solving international
crisis and conflict it's the one thing
that almost everyone agrees on and they
connect with Italy's well this is a
shift that I feel like especially among
Millennials is somewhat profound just
because of the history of how they have
grown up and a nation constantly award
looking at all of these foreign
interventions that have had a pretty
spotty track record of success you also
look at Donald Trump and how Donald
Trump came into office promising to not
be an interventionist and then the
contrast between what he's actually
practicing versus the theory of what he
said he was going to do and so I feel
like that has to be influential I think
so young people want windows not walls
and what's interesting I think is like
the legacy of george w bush in many ways
with the obama movement and campaign of
2008 based upon what happened in the
latter years in iraq and afghanistan etc
so this could be the legacy of the Trump
foreign policy is to is to birth
essentially a generation of post
millennials focus on globalism
progressivism in multilateralism Jon
Meacham Admiral had a quick question for
you I was in Washington briefly this
weekend and picked up a piece of
emerging conventional wisdom that
suggested that this the new doctrine of
maximum pressure I think is what it's
being called and turns out what the
president's done with Iran with North
Korea pulling out a PPP whatever you
want to put under that
rubric is in fact and I think I'm
quoting right here making people do
things that they wouldn't otherwise do
can you give us an assessment of the
validity of that statement at this point
yeah I don't think that's valid John by
the way congratulations on the soul of
America I read it over the weekend
fabulous what I think is happening is
you bet what I think is happening here
is the quote maximum pressure piece has
had some effect but I would say a larger
effect has been president moon of South
Korea listen when they hand out the
Nobel Prize if they ever do for this
he's the top of my list I think it's
also about Kim jong-un who has hit a
point in his program where he's
comfortable now coming to the
negotiating table and forth and finally
as I was saying earlier the geopolitical
game at work here in East Asia is being
driven by China we're still playing
checkers John we haven't even got to the
chessboard
they are playing that ancient game of go
and they are pulling strands together in
ways that we're not seeing coherently we
need to up our game and not try and make
a black-and-white explanation that says
oh we put on pressure now we solve
problem it's so much more complicated so
John I just want to ask you this
question kind of step away just from the
foreign policy land and just ask the
bigger question right now we're sixteen
months into the Trump administration you
guys focus on Millennials all the time
what's the general view of this
generation towards how Trump is doing
not just in the world stage but in toto
yeah overall John I bought a quarter so
have approved the way in which he's
doing is about 32 percent a year ago so
he's lost six or seven points most of
those points I think are related to his
performance on race as well as on gun
violence but the bigger picture is that
similar to what we saw in after 9/11
before and after 9/11 we are seeing what
I'm referring to as a
once-in-a-generation attitudinal shift
input in the mindset of a young person
related to politics in governing rather
than just volunteering they see the
efficacy and the tangible nature of
voting this is something that we saw pre
and post 9/11 we saw pre and post the 16
campaign
and what we see with parkland movement
we see these events today I think it
will only accelerate that and I think
we'll see a higher than normal
midterm turnout among young people
john de la Volpe thank you very much
Admiral James stavridis thank you as
well and still ahead this morning we'll
go live to Texas where the governor is
calling for a moment of silence today in
the wake of the nation's latest mass
shooting at a school I'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
