in the annals of things you may have
forgotten but we haven't a new
development in allegations of sexual
misconduct against a public figure
celebrity chef mario batali is
reportedly under investigation for
possible sexual misconduct by the New
York Police Department the story was
originally reported tonight by CBS News
60 minutes you may have also forgotten
what happened on this front in
Washington but again we haven't months
after a wave of sexual harassment
allegations swept across Capitol Hill
the Senate still has not acted on a plan
to overall Congress's outdated reporting
system now more than 100 days after the
House passed its bill addressing the
issue senator Kirsten Gillibrand is
trying to force the issue and make the
Senate do the same it now is enough I
mean we've waited a hundred days this is
something that's widely bipartisan we
have to fix the rules here it's broken
today if you are harassed in one of
these Senate offices or House offices
you might have to wait up to three
months to even report it because there's
a month of mediation a month of
counseling a month of cooling-off it's
outrageous and you shouldn't have to
wait three months just to report and the
second thing that needed to be fixed is
taxpayers are paying for these
settlements if you have a member of
Congress who is credibly accused of
harassment he's found to be responsible
and then the taxpayer pays that
settlement that's not right
what's the sticking point is it about
paying for these settlements I'm not
sure but I'm working with a bipartisan
group of senators right now who are
trying to negotiate a final resolution
so we can get a bill on the floor and
vote on it hopefully as early as next
week I think that there would be a lot
of people out there who might look at
the way this is set up and say if
somebody that is elected to Congress
sexually harasses somebody that works
for them or is held accountable for
something like this they should have to
pay that money out of their own pocket
not the taxpayers exactly and so that's
what the bill does and I think that's
the only thing that would be appropriate
in this circumstance that you really do
need to hold these members of Congress
accountable if they are harassing people
who work in their office this has come
to the forefront again and again and
again throughout this year just most
recently the Attorney General in your
home state air
Sneijder Minh stepping down do you think
he did the right thing and you also
called for senator Al Franken to step
down in the wake of what happened you
you took significant backlash for that
do you have any regrets no and you know
sometimes these cases come with people
that you have trusted people you even
love but you have to be able to have
clarity on this even when it's hard
especially when it's hard and so that's
why we need transparency accountability
with regard to our Attorney General he
did do the right thing by stepping down
but those allegations of violence were
absolutely horrific and so we do need a
full and complete investigation one
question this is raised I think for a
lot of at least Democratic women I've
talked to who work in and around
campaigns is sometimes they feel like
their politicians often run and
sometimes their male politicians you
know have an instruments case he backed
the me2 movement he said you know this
is something I want to fight against and
then you turn around find out that that
conduct it's still being carried out I
mean do you think that the Democratic
Party as a whole needs to do a little
soul-searching the question really comes
down to Casey do we value women and and
if we don't value women then we are not
going to take these cases seriously we
have to change these institutions we
have to hold perpetrators accountable
and one of the things they've been
working on is changing the rules of the
road in all these institutions whether
you're talking about the US military
whether you're talking about a college
campus whether you're talking about
Congress whether you're talk about the
NFL if you can't hold the favored the
powerful accountable then you're not
going to be able to stick up for that
woman who you know may never be in a
place where she can call out her
perpetrator and so the Miche movement is
really just beginning we have to be able
to fix the the systemic problems we have
where the structures are built to
protect perpetrators and Congress is a
perfect example of that what do you say
to people who look at what what you're
doing and and the way that you're
approaching this issue and say oh she's
running for president in 2020 this is
something I've been working on in each
of these contexts to really take on
institutions that protect predators and
don't value women by their actions where
transparency accountability is not
possible where justice is not possible
and I've been working on it in all of
these contexts on a bipartisan basis for
many years
Hilary Clinton obviously failed to crack
the glass ceiling first in 2008 and then
again in 2016 do you think a woman could
get elected president in 2020 without a
doubt and I think what Hillary Clinton
accomplished was inspiring the world
inspiring women and girls worldwide to
say I can run for the toughest office
the toughest job and and really ask
women and girls to not only own their
ambition but to strive for the
leadership and strive for that
opportunity that they should take my
thanks to senator Kirsten Gillibrand for
that conversation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
