that racist rant by new york attorney
aaron schlossberg is just the latest
viral video putting a spotlight on
bigotry in America
she lost Berg allegedly has a history of
making inflammatory comments and while
he talked stuff to restaurant workers he
apparently can't handle a few questions
from the press why are you running man
you don't understand by what you said
what age did you decide you wanted to be
like a racist like this since this
tirade Schlossberg has lost his office
lease and his law firm has been slammed
with one-star reviews on Yelp but the
best response may have come from the
hundreds of protesters who showed up
outside his apartment with a mariachi
band
I Love New York back with me
Tiffany cross skirt by Bella and
Michelle Bernard hash tag I Love New
York
nobody trolls you like New York New York
is awesome okay it is you know it's
interesting you know Tiffany event the
thing in that in the original
Schlossberg video that does feel like a
tick among people and this guy is a you
know he gave $500 to the Trump campaign
check you know he is a you know
presumably sort of a conservative Trump
supporter whatever we don't know for
sure of would what he is but that's what
he seems to me just based on his
donation this tick of saying I pay for
your welfare a assuming somebody who is
brown or speaking Spanish is on welfare
and be that this thing of you are taking
my money you are reaching in my pocket
that is a trope that you saw in the data
and in the anecdotal evidence of
people's propensity to support you know
Donald Trump or support Republicans
right-wing Republicans in general
completely and this is how dog-whistle
politics trickles down to Main Street
people who take it upon themselves that
they're gonna be police the the language
that people are speaking in in these
restaurants I mean look I don't want
fewers to think that it has to be a
viral video for it to be something
racist these type of microaggressions
people of color experience all the time
and so this Adams wattenberg character
he's the same person who's in the
cubicle next to you in the office next
to you the boss deciding your promotion
the doctor treating you at cetera so I
don't want people to think that racism
is just you know somebody done in a
clans outfit it's not and these types of
experiences that we see is really just
yet another example of this entitlement
who empowered you to go into this
restaurant and tell people what language
they can speak and why are you proud of
only speaking one language that's a very
American thing in a way the entry he's
also proud on his website for his law
firm that if you call to use his
services if you can get services
banished and Fred she actually prides
himself on being care money yeah take
your money but he doesn't want you
serving him his food if you're speaking
Spanish this is ridiculous it's
insulting and it's not surprising again
none of this stuff is surprising we saw
this behavior at Trump rallies and for
people of color we've experienced this
behavior our entire lives this is what
it's like to go through life with black
and brown skin people take this
empowerment over you and so they can
talk to you any kind of way in the
system is designed for centuries where
these people are empowered black people
have been slaves longer than we've been
free and we're still dealing with a
system that's designed for us to fail
and this is evidence you know black and
brown people experiencing this kind of
behavior disgusting behavior routinely
and you know Curt you know I I do want
my packet because you do have embedded
in that you know the offensive part of
it being that he does think he has the
right to tell people what language to
speak in a country that has no national
language let's start with there is no
national language United Sates pick
whatever language you want
it's called freedom but the abut this
tick of saying all of you are on welfare
and it's my money you're siphoning out
that's something that I have to say you
I've heard that for years you have heard
people even if they're thinking they're
saying in a benign way making this
assumption about people who of color
that they are a criminal or be on
welfare and it's that is also feeding
into this idea of constantly calling
9-1-1 on people that you're a black
person oh you shouldn't be in this space
you don't seem appropriate to me so I'm
gonna take it upon myself to remove you
using the police that is also happening
a lot when you were over in Breitbart
world was that a common thing is it
being fed more to people or is did you
find that that was a common belief well
I think that you see it one way we see
this play out is in our political
leadership when there's cast this idea
that there are givers and takers in our
system and that you know that we've seen
going back to Reagan the idea that
anyone that's receiving government
support in any way is a taker and of
course they permeate this ridiculous
notion that that's coming out at the
expense of white Americans and middle
America and that you know immigrants and
people of color and minorities are
taking something from you that you can't
get back they feed in this fear and
where the bright parts and the Fox News
is the world come into play is they just
add fuel to that fire they put up the
headlines and anytime there's a reason
why anytime that there is any type of
criminal activity involving an illegal
immigrant or a person of color that that
is the leading homepage plastered all
over a big font story because they're
trying to retell that narrative over and
over again using very small isolated
examples to manipulate their audience
and Michelle there's a you know this is
it's both a irritant to live with if
you're a person of color but it also can
be deadly because what people are doing
is they're taking those sort of
ingrained beliefs about people of color
and then empowering themselves to remove
people using the police then they can go
one of two ways the police officer can
be very professional and realize that
it's just BS or the confrontation can go
the way we've seen it go over and over
and over again falando Castile and
others being the evidence of that and
these can be benign traffic stops that
someone ends up dead it literally is
threatening your life to call the police
on you in a lot of ways so here's a
woman who decided in Oakland California
that black men using a charcoal grill in
the park were the grills in there for
you to grill shouldn't be there and she
decided to remove them using the police
take a look it's a little charcoal grill
in the park here no it's not actually
just a map that says this is a
designated barbecue area no not for a
charcoal grill no charcoal grills are
allowed I was out here by myself and she
came up here on my list man I'm my own
business that's like I've been here 42
some years I know where I can and cannot
barbecue okay that has now spawned a lot
of memes woman on the phone complaining
about Obama that's right I said he's in
a tan suit woman with a cast of good
times I heard one of them talking about
dynamite woman swiftly dancing a woman
call on the Royal Wedding excuse me
there's a black lady here attempting to
coffee a ginger prince all right again
so you people make light of it but it
almost is like an epidemic it's not like
an epidemic it is absolutely an epidemic
I mean imagine being I would I would ask
the your white viewers to imagine being
black or brown and living in a world
where you are at the same time over
policed and under policed the police are
called on you because you're barbecuing
the
and then people lie and say that you are
pushing them and following them and by
evidence by the videotape she was never
in any physical danger whatsoever no one
pushed her no one was following her they
were doing what many white people do
every day of the week and no one calls
the police on them from barbequing to
everything else that we have seen across
the country people black people and
brown people are being over police for
petty offenses and then what we see
actual violent crime or actual major
crimes that take place in brown and
black communities where the police need
to show up we don't see any evidence of
the police it is absolutely dangerous
and and the uptick in violence and these
microaggressions that we have seen
against people of color since President
Trump was elected to the highest office
of the land has opened up a groundswell
of overt acts of racism and you see the
polling there that people believe
forty-nine percent believe that racism
has gotten worse since Trump came in 37
believe it's about the same only 12
percent say race relations have gotten
better whether or not people believe
Trump is himself a racist there's an NRC
poll for that as well
57% say they believe he is we have seen
Tiffany people removed for sleeping in
the common room at Yale
Yale student who's not allowed to sleep
there we've seen a man accosted for
having his own baby in a stroller and
people call the police on him we've had
a real estate investor inspecting the
home had the police called on him and
Tennessee we've had in Manhattan someone
moving into their own apartment and
Obama alumni moving into his own apart
at a certain point someone's gonna call
the police and brocco bomb I see a black
man walking into Columbia University oh
praise about the teach of course there
cuz he used to be President of the
United States had to actually pull out
her ID I don't know if you watch the
video but she
yeah yes but I need to show her what
we're out of time we're and we're gonna
weary line up do a pencil on this Oh or
another whole segment on it another time
Tiffany cross skirt part della michelle
bernard thank you very much coming up at
the top of the hour why Roger stone says
he's prepared to be indicted in the
Russia probe hmm next forum joy
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
