I feel almost as if we're more obsessed
with sweating in a lot of ways than
people in Great Britain and it is sort
of ironic right we did all of this work
and revolution to separate ourselves
from the crown but now we're obsessed
with the crown is is it partly and I'm
gonna come to others first look Lola
because it is partly I think for African
Americans this it does feel sort of
personal right because of Megan it feels
extremely personal she's such an
unlikely princess it means she's
biracial she's a divorcee she's an
American she's an actress she's 36 so
she's a few years older than him so it's
all these confluence of facts about this
woman would make her the most likely a
most unlikely person to be in this
position and yet we're all here
celebrating Megan marks with our hi to
you so we're just gonna we're gonna
pretend this but I came for the scones
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
