in an astonishingly blatant abuse of
power the president it√≠d states
attempted to use the power of his office
and the power of the federal government
to financially injure a company owned by
a man who published journalism the
president doesn't like the Washington
Post reporting today the Trump has
personally been pushing the post manage
master general to raise shipping rates
on Amazon a company owned by Jeff Bezos
who also happens to publish The
Washington Post and four months as
you've probably noticed the president
has repeatedly insistently linked Amazon
to the Washington Post calling the quote
fake Washington Post a lobbyist for
Amazon saying the paper functions as a
tax shelter for Bezos while also falsely
claiming that Amazon rips off the post
office the post office is losing
billions of dollars and the taxpayers
are paying for that money because it
delivers packages for Amazon at a very
below cost we now know that was not idle
chatter the president has reportedly
been working hard behind closed doors to
punish Jeff Bezos financially pushing
the post office to double Amazon's
shipping charges according to the
Washington Post the Postmaster General
and Trump have met at the White House
about the matter several times already
beginning in 2017
most recently four months ago the
meetings have interestingly never
appeared on Trump's public schedule so
far the Postmaster General has resisted
by explaining in multiple conversations
occurring this year and last that these
arrangements are bound by contracts and
must be reviewed by a Regulatory
Commission
joining me now Maya Wiley former
assistant US attorney you also worked as
sort of the counsel to Mayor Bill
DeBlasio right so I want to just ask you
this so let's say you're you're in that
position you're advising a mayor this
mayor who fights with the New York press
all the time and he comes in and he says
I'm gonna go threatened to revoke the
zoning your time no series he says I'm
just so fed up it was more like you even
Eric Post yeah New York sir you're right
the New York Post perfect he said we're
gonna we're gonna screw them on the
zoning I want to call the zoning
commissioner in here and I want to go
after him and change it for the New York
Post what would you say to him well wait
before after I started spluttering and
felt that on the floor I mean
because it's so outrageous so it's so
outrageous I can't imagine anyone other
than him suing other than Donald Trump
ever actually raising this even in as a
question of whether he could do it in
the first place I mean usually doesn't
even come up as a question right right
do I have the power to actually go after
someone I don't like just because I
don't like them or because what they're
saying about me as a public official why
is that why does that not even come to
people's minds well first of all there's
this thing called the US Constitution it
has this amendment in it was the first
amendment right that protects free
speech so number one it is a
constitutional protection I mean that's
and if you're an elected official you
expect to have the media examine you
critique you say maybe things about you
you don't like in fact it happens every
day to every politician across the
country no matter what part of every
level of government everywhere level of
government and the other thing I find so
outrageous about this is not only first
of all if he wanted to do something that
was legitimate he could go to Congress
absolutely because the US Postal Service
does not operate fully as an independent
entity right it's it's a quasi
governmental institution but it's really
governed by Congress and in fact one of
the reasons it has the financial
problems it has right now is because
Congress required it to in 2006 to pay
75 years in advance on all retirement
help it imagine if someone came to you
and said you have to take out of your
paycheck
seventy-five years worth of retiree
health benefits upfront you would
actually be homeless right so that's
essentially what we did to the postal
service he could go to Congress and say
I think the postal service is giving
Amazon a pass they should actually look
at what they're charging for packages
for third parties that's not what he did
that's a great point because it's in
some ways this has been happening in
front of us I mean he breaks Amazon he
calls him the washed Amazon Washington
Post and then he talks about the
sweetheart deal which is just not true
actually factually in terms of the cost
but there's something about the secret
meetings of lobbying the Postmaster
General that looks like he's trying to
get away with something right maybe it
looks like when you're talking to the
former FBI director about
in certain investigations that's right
and and and this is I mean I don't have
enough behavior it is a pattern of a
right and I don't want to sound
hyperbolic but to me it's like I don't
know what's in peachy but what's not but
as abuses of power ago this is really up
there like trying to use your power to
shut to screw Jeff Bezos to punish him
for what the Free Press writes about you
is that's real serious and there is a
difference here he has a history and a
pattern of using his tweets to attack
his M&E and enemies and including other
corporations that he disagrees with or
doesn't like or support in corporations
that he does this is very different
because it was a secret meeting because
he could have gone to Congress if it was
a real legitimate policy matter and he
could you know there is this thing if
the Jeff Bezos should think about called
us civil action under Bivens which is a
Supreme Court case that says you can sue
a public official for violating your
constitutional rights I think that would
be very interesting if they sued and
particularly given what we just learned
today my Wylie thank you for being here
thank you hey there are Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
