the Trump has been focused on uniting
his right-wing base on multiple fronts
this week alone his White House refused
to ecology even for apologizing for that
communication ain't Kelly Sanders
comments that John McCain's vote doesn't
matter since he's quote dying anyway
well he opened up the u.s. embassy in
Jerusalem another point that helps with
the religious right his administration
took stood by its policy of separating
children from their parents if their
parents entered the country illegally
and floated the idea in fact of housing
those children at military bases and the
Trump administration announced a
proposal today that would ban
organizations like Planned Parenthood
from receiving federal funding for
health services that they also perform
abortions in the same facility
let's bring in tonight's hardball
Roundtable Ruth Marcus deputy editorial
page editor for The Washington Post in
an MSNBC contributor you'd like stokoe
7's NBC contributor and Jonathan Kaye
part is a pinyon writer for The
Washington Post also named SMB they're
all both contributors let me ask you
about this circling the wagon cuz it
just seems like on all fronts I'm not
going to compare him to a certain German
leader once but one time you know hold
the line on the Eastern Front at all
cost
take all the CAHSEE but hold all the
line he's doing that he gets he gave an
inch now and anything um he doesn't give
an inch but I don't think it's um
actually out of weakness I think it's
out of strength he's doing exactly what
he said he was gonna do I'm not
advocating these positions he's doing
exactly what he wants he not out of the
need to kowtow to his base but because
his base is loving it and and he okay
how come after the shooting at Parkland
High School how but down there at
parkland Florida he did budge he budged
in that meeting we all watched in the in
the candidate room he talked about you
know all kinds of background checks and
all this stuff and he talked about open
let's take a look at it because that's
who he was
let's take a look I'd rather have you
come up with a strong strong bill and
really strong on background checks we're
talking about rules and regulations for
purchasing I'm talking about changing an
age from 18 to 21 these other weapons
that we talked about that some people
don't like they're allowed to buy them
at 18 so how does that make sense take
the guns first go through due process
so there is a tough law under martial
like martial herb or somebody you're
Matt Dillon and then a couple days later
he hears from the NRA he's back there
lying down for them right so there's
this zig and zag that we all become
accustomed to with Donald Trump and yes
it is rife with contradictions
self-contradictions all the time but he
can be tough in that moment because he
only lives in that one moment that one
interview that one cabinet meeting and
he's trying to win the room he's trying
to say that what he thinks is the right
thing in that moment but ultimately we
know he's not going to advocate for gun
control and he didn't and and it's just
this is what he does and he realizes
over time that there are no consequences
really for saying one thing in one
context and saying the opposite thing
hours later sometimes minutes later
because yeah we can play the clip so we
can show him contradicting himself but
the poll numbers don't budge and why
don't they budge Jonathan they go up a
little bit they go up a little bit but
they don't budge because that 43%
according to Gallup now and maybe it's
like 40 39 those are the people who have
been with him from the very beginning
probably more by the way that don't say
it well sir there's probably more but I
think Eli hit on the bit on the key
thing he has never suffered any
consequences for what he's done Josh
green wrote in his book on on vannin and
Trump that Trump learned the lesson
through the birther situation that he
said all of these horrible things about
the sitting president of the United
States denying his legitimacy and no one
within the Republican establishment no
one on Capitol Hill no one within the
Republican Party firmament took him to
task for it he has a quote in there from
Reince Priebus on television just saying
well you know I mean that's his opinion
no big deal and the lesson Trump learned
from that was I can be as that
outrageous as I want and no one is going
to hold me accountable and that is
what's happening here
Eli is right he plays to the room to in
front of the Peet the people who are in
front of him at that very moment and
then all his people Steve Stephen Miller
and all these other folks grab him and
pull him back to where they where they
want him he said on television Chris I
want a bill of love to protect the daka
kids and then killed it
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
