welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms impeachment proceedings that
could have an impact on control of the
United States Senate are about to get
underway
but they're not here in Washington
they're in Springfield Missouri a
special month-long alleges a legislative
session is kicking off tonight two way
impeachment for Missouri Republican
governor Eric Greitens who is facing
accusations of sexual misconduct during
what he describes as a consensual affair
he is also accused of using a donor list
from his veterans charity for his 2016
gubernatorial campaign pure Mitch
McConnell and you want this whole thing
in the rearview mirror as soon as
possible
so that it doesn't spill over to
Missouri's pivotal Center race in the
fall you know the outcome you want the
Republican candidate state attorney
general Josh Holley has pursued the
allegations against fellow Republican
Greitens by-the-book but voters may see
the are next to his name on the ballot
and tie him to the embattled governor so
in Jeff City tonight should be
interesting primetime proceeding hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
