Ali we are now hearing that nine people
are dead we're getting that from
multiple law enforcement sources they're
also saying that that number could
increase also we know that one person is
in custody a second person has been
detained as you heard from hospital
staff they have three patients right now
two of them are adults one of them is an
officer one person is in surgery one is
also a kid or an under 18 year old that
is being treated so in the hospital
doctors they got emotional when they
were talking about this an ally you and
I we've covered probably more school
shootings than we either one of us care
to remember and you know you see these
on TV but it when it comes to your own
community like these doctors are
experiencing you just never know how
it's going to hit you and obviously it's
an emotional thing for these doctors
they're saying that they can take more
patients if necessary but it hits really
close to home and one other thing I want
to talk about Ali when you were talking
to Angelica just a few minutes ago were
eight students in that school yeah
exactly you know she was talking about
how she called her mother on the phone
and her mom was you know kind of walking
her through you like to do this is
something that we saw with a number of
the students at Parkland and it seems to
be a trend that we're seeing over and
over students involved in these mass
shootings at schools they are calling
their parents panicked and these parents
are telling them either hide or get out
of there and they're staying on the
phone with their students and they're
getting them through these moments these
moments of you know crisis and you know
there's probably these parents it really
is and so these parents really are
heroes in these situations yeah
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
