president Trump yesterday attempted to
clarify the controversy surrounding
comments made by his national security
adviser John Bolton which North Korea is
now using as one of the reasons why it's
threatening to pull out of the upcoming
Trump Kim summit here's what Bolton said
a couple of weeks ago followed by what
the president said yesterday and we had
very much in mind the Libya model from
2003 2004 the full complete total
disclosure of everything related to
their nuclear weapons program with that
full international verification and I
think following Libya a verification by
American and other inspectors is could
be very important here
well the Libyan model isn't a model that
we have at all well we're thinking of
North Korea in Libya we decimated that
country that country was decimated there
was no deal to keep Qaddafi the Libyan
model that was mentioned was a much
different deal we never said to Qaddafi
oh we're going to give you protection
we're going to give you military
strength we're going to give you all of
these things we went in and decimated
him if you look at that model with
Qaddafi that was a total decimation we
went in there to beat him now that model
would take place if we don't make a deal
most likely but this is just the
opposite
and I think when John Bolton made that
statement he was talking about if we're
going to be having a problem so that's
the way it meant through it just the
opposite
so they're both problems that's what
they have in common however is the New
York Times as Peter Baker points out
President Trump is confusing the 2003
agreement with Libya to give up its
nuclear program and the 2011 NATO backed
intervention against then leader Moammar
Ghadafi of course Mike Barnicle Gaddafi
gave up his nukes and died eight years
later in a drain pipe well we're gonna
have to turn to Professor Meacham on
this well Jon Meacham I think most
people realize and are aware of the fact
that many of our presidents have a sense
of history have a sense of history this
particular president yesterday just
another example of his unable to grasp
history but ending it and
that little soliloquy that we saw with
basically an understated threat to the
North Koreans that they would be victims
of annihilation as well what's your take
on that
well what was that that was quite a
soliloquy historically certain
repetition of certain words begins to
get a little worrying a little worrying
a little worrying but I think decimated
decimated no there's there's not a sense
of history here and we knew this I mean
the country knew this he has a sense he
has you can tell somewhat you can sort
of Nicole wouldn't understand this you
can sort of feel you could follow the
paper trail back on the briefing maybe
the two or three points the point or two
he might have heard and then he's saying
it again and again having having been
briefed on something but he doesn't
believe in the power of the past to
inform he's quite explicit about this I
remember asking him when he was doing
the remember when NATO NATO debt was a
big issue back during the primaries and
no one was talking about it and suddenly
he was and I interviewed him I think
once and I said where did you get this
and he said I don't know I don't know
you read books about NATO I don't you
know he was he was this sort of
intuitive and he said I'm intuitive you
know I just I make I didn't say I make
this up as I go along but that's
essentially what he does but again in
the broadest sense there's nothing
really surprising about this the he was
this way during the campaign it is a
little chilling when you realize he's
discussing the future of nuclear weapons
and the expansion or potentially
maintenance of a nuclear club at nine
people who have this the ultimate power
of destruction but if you if we're if
we're looking for him in that clip
Winston Churchill is over his his left
shoulder and I just I was just watching
it and thinking thank God he can't hear
this because it would just kill him all
over again to John's point and we can
skip over things the president says he
actually said in no uncertain terms
if we don't get a deal we want we're
gonna decimate this country that's what
debate the president of our United
States basically just went on and in
several ways in very explicit ways said
ok alternative B is we knew we've set
fire in fury it's just glazed over as if
any other president said that this would
be a 24/7 story for the but we I mean
Meacham is being elegant he doesn't know
jack squat about Libya let's just stop
right there he knows nothing about Libya
in 2003 they gave it their nuclear
weapons you covered it you think you
were the White House reporter for The
Washington Post I just I was in that
White House and he's complaining that
with with his ultimate demise as you
said barnacle but the truth is he
obviously didn't talk to John Bolton
before he made those comments
I don't know that Bolton is advising
these comments and thinks that they're
helpful because the the dick from the
dictator point-of-view Qaddafi is an
example you know it's so trumpian there
is a kernel of something right in there
I mean to kim jeong-hoon Qaddafi is one
of the examples of why not to give up
their nukes but he's got the whole
Qaddafi piece totally screwed up he does
and I think what we sometimes lose sight
of there's three different areas right
now I think that are much more volatile
and are drier loads of kindling that
people appreciate you have a potential
trade war with China you have the Middle
East
certainly on edge more on edge because
of the decision on Iran and then you
have North Korea all the focus on North
Korea has been how we're gonna do nickel
our eyes the peninsula because he's
going to go over there and have a
meeting with with it with a leader he
hates and that nobody trusts well what
happens when that breaks down decimation
I would pay a hell of a lot more
attention to decimation than people are
it's not just Donald Trump it's the
National Security Council
it's Bolton they are all in belief in
unified and belief that they're not
going to allow him to have a nuclear
weapon that that can you can get loaded
up on a missile and hit our shores Korea
is a lot closer to being able to do that
than people had anticipated a year ago
and that means once those talks do
collapse and we probably should assume
they do collapse we are gonna be in that
same precarious place that we were a
couple months ago facing the real
possibility of war and that's where
having an appreciation for both the
history and
the levers that you have really matters
and that's why when you talk to people
inside the White House one of the things
that worries them is that they're
stretched so thin it's not like they
have a wide arsenal of high-powered
talent that can look at all these
complicated things that are often in
conflict and collision and be able to
navigate them smartly and for all of the
hysteria around Donald Trump he's had a
relatively easy presidency right there's
been no crises the economy is humming it
is humming which is like the greatest
asset you can have as a president all
presidencies yours very much included
are defined by something you can't
anticipate it they're defined by a
crises and how do we respond to we
respond smartly in a way that leaves the
United States in a better position or do
we respond poorly where we're in a
weakened position that will happen I
don't know if it's a month from now a
year from now but every previous
presidency has shown us thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
