we are still we American people not used
to hearing sarcasm from the American
president as we did today we read the
words from his Twitter account
congratulations
America it was not it turns out about
the President's Council on physical
fitness or anything of the sort but it
was a kind of trolling the mulher effort
and reminding especially everyone in his
base that this continues this cloud
continues yeah absolutely it was a
series of three kind of extraordinary
tweets from him but this is really the
president's in an interesting position
right now because on one hand he very
much feels under seeds you see their
rage you see the frustration coming
through in those morning tweets in the
conversations that he's having with
people inside and outside the building I
mean he brings up this investigation
constantly Giuliani last night described
it kind of a rock on the president's
back he talks about it as this cloud
that's haunting his presidency on the
other hand you also have news from Rudy
Giuliani at least him saying that
Muller's team has assured them that they
believe that the president cannot
actually be indicted and so you've got
kind of these two realms of quite good
news for the president but also a
president whose raging you know he was
supposed to do a press conference today
with the Secretary General of NATO and
they decided to call that off at the
last minute stars told me that the
president was just feeling like he was
being too whole like there was there was
so much against him right now he felt
like his deputy press secretary had been
badly attacked when he came out in front
of the press on Monday and that he just
didn't feel like he wanted to be
battered anymore so you've got a
president who does have some good news
here but just just a still feeling under
attack hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
