this morning on Fox News Rudy Giuliani
offered his latest version of what he
initially presented as special
prosecutor Robert Muller telling him
that Muller knows it is impossible to
indict the president I asked him
specifically if they if they realized or
acknowledged they didn't have the power
to indict both under the Justice
Department memo which gives them their
power in essence confined staff rapport
and under the Constitution and he said
well he wouldn't answer and one of his
assistants said they acknowledge they
had to be bound by Justice Department
policies and then the next day or the
day after they clarified it for Jay
Sekulow who was with me at the meeting
that they didn't have the power to
indict that what they would eventually
do is write a memorandum and give it to
the Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein
Fox News legal contributor former Judge
Andrew Napolitano offered a different
view Bob mother never actually said that
some people in the room where Bob Muller
was not there questioned whether or not
the president can actually be indicted
he can be indicted and we know from a
Supreme Court from two Supreme Court
opinions he can be subpoenaed now he may
show up at the grand jury and say unlike
Bill Clinton I'm not going to answer
that's another issue but he could
certainly be subpoenaed and compelled to
come joining us now Lawrence tribe
harvard law professor constitutional law
scholar and co-author of the new book to
end a presidency the power of
impeachment professor tribe really an
honor to have you here in the studio
great late here
can you referee this this question of
can the president be criminally indicted
well first of all I can say that Muller
certainly would not tell Rudy Giuliani
that he has no power somebody working on
Muller's team might have said the
guidelines say that we can't indict a
sitting president that's not news we've
known that's what the guidelines say but
there are undoubtedly exceptions I mean
if the president really
did carry out his idea of
machine-gunning somebody on Fifth Avenue
or in fact suppose he mobilized the
military to attack the kids in the in
the March 24th movement clearly at some
point the abuse of presidential power
would be both indictable and impeachable
yeah and we're not saying either one of
those things would happen these are the
kinds of examples law school classes
come up with you have to you have to
really make the point now to the to the
issue of impeachment which is now it's
this is one of those years where
impeachment is being talked about much
more than normal there there wasn't any
real impeachment bubble of any kind
during the Obama presidency but starting
with the Clinton presidency
it seems that impeachment started to
feel like more of a political football
which which no one really judged it to
be during the Nixon period right well
actually it became kind of politics as
usual even in the Clinton period sorry
the Obama period Obama himself through
some of his assistants ginned up some
impeachment talk because it's a way of
raising money for your side to have the
other side talk about impeachment one of
the points that we make in this book is
that impeachment is too dangerous and
too serious and too vital the tool in
extreme cases for us just treated as
politics as usual it has to be reserved
for grave abuses of power kleptocracy on
steroids I think I called it earlier
today that is when the president
basically is serving himself his family
not the country and then covering up
what he does whether it's with Russia or
with China as in the special treatment
of xte or with Qatar where there's this
remarkable back-and-forth in our policy
toward Qatar depending on how nice
they're being to the Krishna family if
all of that emerges as the result of the
Muller investigation and he's certainly
moving as your earlier guest said very
efficiently very powerfully
then there may well emerge a consensus
bipartisan consensus that's important
that this president is simply too
dangerous to the country to leave in
power but until then although there
should be investigation it should be
sober we should really not treat
impeachment as simply another way of
criticizing a president because you
can't shoot at a president more than
once that is this bullet had better be
lethal if it's going to be fired the
bullet of impeachment I remember talking
to senators during the Clinton
impeachment trial in the Senate and they
all expected to find written somewhere
some precise legal guideline that would
tell them whether the Clinton charges
met the definition of high crime and
misdemeanor and after a few weeks of
searching for that and their staff
searching for that they all start while
the ones that I spoke to started to say
to each other it's whatever we say it is
meaning because their decision could not
be appealed to a court whatever they
voted on would be would be the
definition of what was in people in a
kind of crude sense that's true but they
also realize that they are helping to
write the history of the United States
they couldn't look at themselves in the
mirror although sometimes I wonder how
they managed even now but members of the
House and Senate Republicans and
Democrats alike couldn't look at
themselves in the mirror if they said
well we think it's an impeachable
offense to have a stupid trade policy
yeah we're not to deal intelligently
with Iran or North Korea I mean policy
differences can't be impeachable
offenses where we no longer have a
presidency that's why the framers of the
Constitution used terms like treason
bribery and other high crimes and
misdemeanors they didn't have a list in
mind they knew very clearly that they
couldn't predict all the ways that
presidents might abuse power and become
autocrats or tyrants but they also knew
that they didn't want this power to be
one that could be used simply to express
dissatisfaction of the prior election
but is it's not supposed to be like a
vote of no
finances a parliamentary system and
because of that might it be that the
most important defining element of the
impeachment description in the
Constitution
is the requirement of a two-thirds vote
by the Senate
isn't that a founders way of saying this
is how serious it has to be because that
has to cross-party you've got to get
two-thirds voting on race well of course
when they wrote it they didn't have
political parties they didn't quite
predict that so they thought that
getting two-thirds might not be quite as
difficult as it now has become but now
for all practical purposes with
political parties running things you've
got to have a bipartisan consensus that
there has been a grievous abuse of power
that's the fundamental thing I mean
whether you it's clear that an
impeachable offense doesn't have to be a
crime a president for example who
decides to pardon everybody who attacks
his enemies would be impeachable and
removable but not indictable for any
crime but it has to be a grave abuse of
power it can't just be we think the guy
is horrible all of this is in the book
to end a presidency co-authored by
Professor Lawrence tribe with Joshua
Matz professor thank you very much for
getting us tonight mayor you really I
have you here hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
