Russian stories continue to dog the
Trump administration look at this
headline about Michael Cohen potentially
selling access to Qatar meanwhile these
are exactly the type of things that as a
candidate Donald Trump said he had the
knowledge to prevent it's called
pay-for-play pay-for-play corruption pay
for its pay-for-play which is illegal a
hundred percent illegal I have a special
guest for this Fordham Law Professor
Zephyr Teachout literally wrote a book
on corruption in America and she's now
exploring a run for New York Attorney
General a post that takes on Donald
Trump and you're doing that of course
after the resignation of Eric
Schneiderman after he was exposed for
domestic abuse violations of a very
serious nature I want to get to that and
your role as potential candidate but
starting with this corruption was this
predictable and how should it be stopped
now I mean this is really chilling and
we have to not ever get used to this I
mean the the corruption stories that we
saw just today involving Qatar both the
Michael Cohen story and about Jared
Kushner both of them show ways in which
foreign governments are really
destabilizing foreign policy in the
United States by using investments
bailing out Jared Kushner and what it
does is it calls into question all of
our foreign policy choices so this is
destabilizing for all of us here in this
country it's also globally destabilizing
and I think it's really important we
never come to just accept well that's
Trump and that's the Trump
administration
it's especially chilling for me because
when you look at the founding era the
people who wrote our Constitution one of
the things they were most worried about
and talked about day after day in that
hot summer in Philadelphia was the way
that foreign interests might interpose
themselves using you know cash and
influence to try to impact the young
country well and one of the animating
concerns was the central corruption of
monarchies
his powers unchecked and yet here we are
in 2018 dealing with this type of
corruption turning to the post you're
exploring running for yes Eric
Schneiderman was known to many people
around the country who opposed Donald
Trump he took a tough line on a host of
issues
how would you oppose this administration
if elected within the rule of law would
Donald Trump be more worried about you
than Eric Schneiderman potentially well
I gotta say like a lot of people in New
York and maybe around the country I'm
still shaken up by the allegations I
mean the story the very powerful story
last week and what we learned about
Schneiderman's abuse and we had seen
that office as one of the most and could
continue to see it under acting Attorney
General Barbara Underwood who's
incredibly accomplished as one of the
most important posts standing up against
the lawlessness unconstitutional
behavior and corruption of the Trump
administration would you be prepared to
use the powers of that office within
your understanding of the law to pursue
people who might get federal pardons
absolutely one of the most important
things that you may have talked about
before on this show is that the capacity
to pardon does not include state crimes
and so there's many different ways in
which a state attorney general but in
particular the New York State Attorney
General has the power to really resist
the lawlessness and corruption of the
Trump administration first of all the
Trump administration looks to be
violating state laws as well as federal
laws bank fraud financial fraud second
it will be important to be working with
federal prosecutors I would say the
issue is complex enough that we should
return to it in another segment even if
you'll come back absolutely teach and
I've followed your work for a long time
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us
and we appreciate that
