BuzzFeed News revealed that Michael
Cohen's effort to develop a Trump Tower
over in Moscow during the election year
went on far longer than he publicly
acknowledged extending into the spring
of 2016
most damning is that quote even before
the appointment of moer as special
counsel in May of 2017
FBI agents investigating Russia's
interference in the election learned
that Michael Kahn was in frequent
contact with foreign individuals about
Trump Moscow and that some of these
individuals had knowledge of or played a
role in twenty sixteen election meddling
it's all connected according to two FBI
agents in May of 2016 Michael Cohen
along with his partner Felix aider were
actively planning to send Trump to
Moscow quote they discussed when in the
presidential campaign Trump should take
the extraordinary step of flying to a
country at odds with the United States
in order to negotiate a major business
deal
well Sator told BuzzFeed that Cohen was
also prepared to make a separate trip to
Moscow and that planning for that trip
continued through June of 2016 when
Cohen suddenly demurred NBC News is not
independently verified Buzzy's reporting
yet join me right now is former
Watergate prosecutor Jill wine banks and
MSNBC legal analyst Eugene Robinson
economist for The Washington Post and an
MSNBC political analyst and Democratic
Congressman Mike Quigley of Illinois
sits on the House Intelligence Committee
congressman quickly I want to start with
you the elected official and here we are
with more evidence thanks to BuzzFeed
that there was ongoing business dealing
by Trump's associates by his close fixer
lawyer Michael Cohen and Felix Sater his
associate all on behalf of Trump in
other words he was literally chasing
money over in Moscow at the same time
he's chasing votes here at home what's
your thought about that yeah he
testified before our committee last
October in light of the information you
have talked about in other documents
we've received he really should come
back Robert oh wait they shut the
investigation down
obviously a great concern is the letter
of intent sign during the campaign by
candidate Trump about Trump Tower Moscow
information at mr. Cohen perhaps other
than the president alone can give us
more information on let me go to Joe in
this gym it seems to me that they
there's lots to pursue here and the idea
that this probe by Robert mode end now
because of some artificial anniversary
celebration is insane
we are only learning now these stories
about the way in which rut Trump's
people are out there trying to make a
buck over in Moscow using his prestige
as a candidate really developed that
tonight but apparently they were using
the fact that he was now a big American
political bigshot as well as a tycoon as
a way of greasing the skids for his
investments in Moscow it's an unusual
situation where you have a candidate for
president of the United States as
concerned if not more concerned about
his personal wealth and his financial
dealings during the time of the campaign
and to be that involved in trying to do
business with Russia at the same time as
a lot of secret meetings are happening
with Russia and where the financing was
going to come from sanctioned banks and
they're having discussions about whether
sanctions should be lifted it really is
a very smelly situation it clearly needs
much more investigation and a year is
not a lot of time for the kind of
sophisticated crimes that are involved
here it needs more time Muller must
continue she and I get this sense more
often that Trump has limited knowledge
but he has a lot in certain areas he
knows a lot about real estate obviously
and that kind of money-making he has
people out down his behalf who don't
really have any grasp of what hearts are
waiting for them over in Russia the
stuff going on over there where they
shoot you they don't import to enforce
contracts or ignore conflicts with gun
FrontPoint over there and the idea he
had people over there saying let's do
business for Trump's out and those
people he's doing business with this is
Michael Cohen and and the other fella
feel like satyr they're dealing with
people who are at the same time involved
with trying to screw with our democracy
yeah well let's you know two things
about what I assumed to be Donald Trump
state of mind during this you know first
I assumed that he looked at had been
looking at Russia for a number of years
since Miss Universe and even before
that's a big pot of money a big pot of
money that he ought to get his piece of
and so he was gonna do Trump Tower and
he had these all guards they spent money
like water and so why didn't he get some
of that so that's one line set the other
mindset is that for much of the campaign
until fairly late part of his thinking
part of his his mentality had to be that
this was really just the greatest
marketing campaign in history right said
he because the odds were long that he
was actually gonna get across the finish
line you know until he did at some point
probably convinced himself that yes III
can do this but but meanwhile a part of
him had to be thinking this is just
raising my profile and so why shouldn't
he pursue this deal in Moscow if he if
he was gonna get his chunk of that money
mr. quigley congressman you know at the
local level we all know that some people
run for office knowing they're probably
going to lose but they're you've got a
law license out there and they want to
make some money they got the shingo out
so it doesn't hurt them a bit when you
lose a race for the house or something
like that is it possible that we have a
guy running for president secondary
purpose is to be elected president
that's the longshot part but the short
money the shirt deals of course to make
a stab at a big investment and business
investment that will pay off down the
road in Moscow the problem is he's got
all this going on and saying at the same
time don't look at this don't look at
this close down the shop what do you
think the chances are that mower would
ever shut down his shop what do you know
about that or is he going to go this to
all the distance yeah I don't think
Moeller stops by himself you know
speaker Ryan said today that the Moller
investigation should be allowed to
continue on its own
speaker Ryan can make sure that happens
he needs to put a bill on the floor to
protect the Moller investigation
Moeller won't stop this until he's done
well BuzzFeed's reporting also shows
that Nexus now between Trump's political
campaign and as I said his business
interests
during a meeting with an intermediate to
California Russia are powerful russians
felix seder that's one of his associates
used trump's public praise of putin to
entice wealthy Russians to invest in the
moscow development quote trump had
recently praised Putin on TV so seder
that's this associate emailed Coen
Michael Cohen saying get me a clip get
me the clip of Trump raising mood and so
they can help skit Reese this kids for
this business deal well during the
campaign Trump's infusive praise of
Putin confounded many Kim servers let's
take a look at some of the things he
said that were useful to business
I think I'd get along very well with
Vladimir Putin I just think so I would
get along with Putin I've dealt with
Russia I think Putin has been a very
strong leader for Russia but he's been a
lot stronger than our leader that I can
tell you Putin said Donald Trump is a
genius he's going to be the next great
leader of the United States Putin did
call me a genius by attitude when people
like me I like them even Putin I'm gonna
disavow a statement when somebody calls
me I'm not disavowing anything he does
have an 82 percent approval rating
according to the different pulsers does
he actually believe this malarkey I'm
telling like Joe Biden now malarkey so I
mean the idea that he believes Russian
polling there aren't many options on
that ballot over there and the idea that
in any way we know what the story is
that's not exactly the American
democratic the way we know but what do
you make of this guy who seems to be
constantly int whining and his people
are doing what he wants in the dough
selling him as a business deal maker
because he's running for president
selling him as a Russian business
associate because he's saying nice
things about the guy over there who has
to approve all the deals over there what
does this do to it what is this only
gonna do what he was doing well it may
be legal even if it is immoral but I
also think that he was thinking that
this would increase the licensing fees
they were having trouble getting
developers willing to pay just to put
Trump's name on a building and the
thought was and it was expressed in the
emails between Conan Seder that when he
became this very public figure in
America that they would be willing to
pay more to put his name on a building
so he was clearly using him
campaign to move forward and he was
using it now
at what point if any the campaign
decided that they could use in the
relationships with Russia to do
something other than a real estate deal
and to cooperate with Russia for
possible help in winning the election
that seems to be the question that
Muller is focusing on now well as we
know Trump was aware of the negotiations
for a Trump Tower in Moscow because he
signed a letter of intent with a
developer that Felix aider brought to
the table in October of 2015 however
just a month later Trump professed not
to know Sater
even though Sater was coordinating the
deal on his behalf as Trump said to the
Associated Press Felix a dirt boy I have
to even think about it I'm not that
familiar with him a judge I'm sorry till
what do you mean I'm not that familiar
with him that's when you admit when you
say you know somebody I mean it is
you're right you're right he and of
course he may be very sorry he said that
because it apparently really angered
sader
who is now seems to be cooperating with
Muller and he may be doing that because
exactly of that point was that Trump
said I don't even know him so he may
have made a mistake in under estimating
what the connections that Sater had were
and he seems to have had some pretty
high up connections so this may not have
been a good thing for him let me get
back to my rant if you will because I
have a few rants once Dick Cheney got us
into a bed war I don't mind having a few
rants one of them is this Russia thing
that's Russell philia you and I have
known politicians or our live cover them
never rise they had clothes for Russian
friends or social because they didn't
have any no coming out of the woodwork
all of a sudden Felix Sater is at the
big top of the news here tonight and
then the head and perk picked up before
along with Papadopoulos and and all
these other guys against Rick Gates and
the man afford and and Roger stone and
the endless lists of these kato kaelin
characters and associates and their only
role teams to be the tie this guy to
Russia so look you know I I know people
who were correspondence and in
in Moscow who developed a sort of deep
relationship with the culture and the
people of Russia and the history as
opposed to the government and I and all
that which has been oppressive since
there was Russia but but that's not what
this is about
this is about the money I think I really
do and about the you know when the
Soviet Union ended this this new
kleptocracy these oligarchs managed to
divvy up this incredible bounty which
they dole out it's like he would be one
of the big he want a big handful of
jellybeans well in his tweet storm this
morning President Trump also cited an
allegation it appeared the National
Review magazine lasted for last week
tweeting Wow words seems to be coming
out that the Obama FBI spied on the
Trump campaign with an embedded
informative so this is bigger than
Watergate anyway the president also
appears to be referencing a new detail
about the investigation that appeared
last night in the New York Times The
Times reports that at the start of the
FBI's investigation of Trump's campaign
at least one government informant met
several times with mr. Carter page and
mr. George Stephanopoulos current and
former officials said that has become
poppadom that has become a politically
contentious point with mr. Trump's
allies question where the FBI was spying
on the Trump campaign or tried to entrap
campaign officials well Rudy Giuliani
today seized on that reporting making
clear the Trump illegal team would fight
the investigation by destroying its
credibility not on the merits of the
evidence itself here we go first of all
we're gonna have to look into as a
result of The Times the article Thank
You New York Times they usually don't
help us in in this case I think we're
gonna have to look into whether we can
challenge the legitimacy of the entire
investigation another word still you
can't have an investigation without
investigators I don't understand what
they're charging here that the FBI is
trying to find out the Russian
connection and they're being called
spies that's the nice word that Giuliani
is using your thoughts this is an
investigation by investigators they are
not spies if you are under investigation
the FBI sends out people to interview
people about you to fight
what you've been doing that's a
legitimate investigation and we know
that there was evidence against both
page and Papadopoulos the Australians
are quite proud of the fact that their
foreign official notified American
officials that Papadopoulos had said
I've been meeting with the Russians and
they have dirt on Hilary and so they had
a legitimate reason to investigate these
people for possible collusion with the
Russians and that's what they were doing
you know the oddity of using the word
spies everybody who's ever been in the
Peace Corps everybody who's never worked
in the United States government in any
significant level has had a full field
investigation by the FBI it's part of
the rite of passage if you will we never
thought of those people that went around
to talk to our parents and our neighbors
as spies they were government officials
checking us out to see if we're okay for
these jobs congressman thank you very
much can I sir Mike Quigley of Illinois
Thank You Jill wine banks and Eugene
Robinson of course hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
