the Trump defense team has come a long
way in the one year since former FBI
director Bob Muller was appointed
special counsel to investigate Russian
election meddling and possible collusion
between the Trump campaign and the
Russians the president still blurts out
his near-daily collusion denial on
Twitter but his lead lawyer Rudy
Giuliani has shifted to a more practical
message far from leaning on a defense of
Donald Trump's innocence on the
questions of collusion or obstruction
that's rooted in the president's
character and moral compass Giuliani is
citing Bob Muller's agreement to abide
by Justice Department policy I asked him
specifically if they if they realized or
acknowledged they didn't have the power
to indict both under the Justice
Department memo which gives them their
power in essence confined stare in
horror and under the Constitution and he
said well he did he would answer and one
of his assistants said they acknowledge
they had to be bound by Justice
Department policies and then the next
day or the day after they clarified it
for Jay Sekulow who was with me at the
meeting that they didn't have the power
to indict that what they would
eventually do is write a memorandum and
give it to the Deputy Attorney General
Rosenstein the president adding his two
cents with happy anniversary tweets this
morning writing quote congratulations
America were now into the second year of
the greatest witch hunt in American
history and there is still no collusion
and no obstruction despite the
disgusting illegal and unwarranted witch
hunt we've had the most successful first
17-month Administration in US history
but not being able to indict a president
isn't the same as maintaining that the
president is innocent of crimes our
unpossible collusion or obstruction and
if you look at the scope of people who
have been before molars investigators
people like attorney general Jeff
Sessions hope Hicks former chief of
staff Reince Priebus Jared Kushner Steve
Bannon Mike Pompeo and Don McGann and if
you consider the pace of Muller's probe
and its results including multiple
charges for former campaign chairman
Paul Manafort and guilty pleas from the
president's former national security
adviser Mike Flynn his former deputy
campaign
and rick gates and former campaign aide
george papadapolis it's easy to see when
muller makes him sweat
Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI
about his interactions with Russian
ambassador Sergei Kiss lyac and
Papadopoulos admitted to lying to the
FBI about his contacts with individuals
connected to Russia so far no one's gone
down for lying about Canada we have
assembled some of our favorite reporters
and experts joining us on set today
Chuck Rosenberg former US attorney and
former senior FBI official former US
attorney Joyce Vance from the New York
Times Mike Schmidt and Matt Miller
former chief spokesman for the Justice
Department all of them lucky for us our
MSNBC analysts and contributors and
loosen up with you makes me give a story
today about Rudy Giuliani's reliance on
Justice Department policy and I talked
to folks close to Rudy who say that
that's it that's the legal strategy well
it's it's interesting where we are a
year later it's a good story for the
president that he can't be indicted and
that just shows how far I think we have
come on this entire thing this is a
favorable story for the president it
shows that this huge question you know
will not be resolved at least in the
courts about him so it's a little bit
you know I don't know if the president
thought he would find himself in this
position a year a year ago when Muller
was appointed you know they take this
argument that because the president
can't be indicted he also cannot be
subpoenaed or he can only be subpoenaed
about the obstruction of justice
questions is about the fire going but
that he doesn't have to talk to mother
for the other the other question so this
is sort of a broader thing the things
still hanging out there that did they've
been negotiating now for over six months
is the interview and they keep on saying
all will make a decision the next few
weeks the next few weeks but what's
really going on why isn't he done an
interview and why do there's no chance
that we'll be indicted why not sit down
for three days of bubble every wants no
risk to him you know and apparently
there is a risk to him and he perceives
a risk even if he can't be in
that's really a big question why do they
see so much risk every American citizen
who's subpoenaed or even who receives a
request to talk to FBI agents complies
with that somehow the president here is
above the law and I suspect that that's
because they perceive enormous risk even
short of an indictment perhaps to family
members and is it a cold hard fact never
to be reopened that no president can be
indicted well look it's policy it's not
law policy was written policy can be
rewritten
as it stands now yes it's the policy
that a president cannot be indicted to
resolve questions of law we litigate
them we ask the courts to weigh in it
hasn't happened to your Nicole it may
not by the way but so if you're asking
me can they indict them the answer right
now is no if you're asking me whether or
not it's unlawful to indict them I would
tell you it's not been resolved and not
that any of them win any medals for PR
but just speak to what you might used to
do which was crap messages around
inconvenient truths and it seems to me
that they've accepted this inconvenient
reality that there aren't clear-cut
denials around obstruction there aren't
they don't know what they don't know I'm
told that Rudy has no idea what actually
went on on the campaign and so at this
point their messaging is all around what
can't be done legally not around their
clients innocents yeah that's right I
think a confident attorney or a
confident president would come out and
say look I'm not worried about my client
being indicted because mine did nothing
wrong
not my client can't be indicted you see
them kind of retreating in all these
areas to version of the argument that
President Nixon made which is basically
if the president didn't did it it can't
be illegal you've seen that with
obstruction of justice where they said
the president firing the the the FBI
director can't be obstruction that the
president asked him to back off an
investigation can't be obstruction
because he's the head of the executive
branch and now you see them making this
argument in other areas too that well
the president can't be indicted and they
didn't classified information when he
divulged classified information to not
the Canadians but the Russians
he said well it's not illegal because
the president did it he can declassify
everything which is as you're so
technically true but doesn't mean
it holds up as exoneration yeah that's
right it's they constantly move the
goalposts where they get in this place
where they can't defend first the
appropriateness of what the president
does so then they move to the legality
and they can't if they can't defend the
legality then they just move these
arguments that well he's the president
he can't be indicted well my favorite
chapter of the Year Lange will our probe
is definitely the rhudi clip I want to
show you guys some more really sound
from this Martin I think we're gonna
have to look into whether we can
challenge the legitimacy of the entire
investigation maybe a special process
prosecutor special counsel never should
have been a point not based on an
illegal leak I'm shocked to hear that
they put a spy in the campaign of a
major party candidate or maybe to
suffice and now I'm going through my
brain since you know I was a big part of
that campaign trying to figure out who
was the spy now I'm wonder is is this
person or that person or this person now
if there's a spy they got nothing from
it look they be able to bring their case
right now if the spy had any
incriminating information that spy
should have been enough to tell them
these people would not talk into the
Russians so like this they this is what
they say not on television he and they
were too stupid to collude with Russia's
that is their defense against collusion
am I missing anything yeah but the
problem is is the goalposts have moved
on collusion a year ago it was like no
we know we know nothing about the
Russians no contacts then the Don jr.
meeting comes out where there was the
meeting about dirt the George
papadopolis stuff so maybe they weren't
but they certainly were collusion
curious they know how well it was
working I mean
they may not have been good at it and
there may not have been a criminal
conspiracy that commits crimes but they
were colluding as I understand the
definition they were trying to collude
all the time yeah I think prosecutors
would call it a conspiracy and they were
a little bit more than just collusion
curious because we're really Giuliani
saying this week you know they were
disappointed by the June Trump Tower
meeting Don junior expected to get more
out of this meeting man affort was on
his phone and Jared came up with an
excuse to leave early because the
Russians didn't have enough collusion to
offer
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
