Donald Trump regularly trolls people the
tactic of doing something to upset
people which both his allies and critics
know I don't use trolling people
honestly this is something that's in the
purview of the executive branch I think
some of these people already lost their
clearances
I think uses rolling people America has
done it we've actually we've actually
elected an internet troll as our
president so how should America reckon
with the president who does deliberately
try to provoke and do we have to reach
beyond the typical political tool box
some Trump critics say yes it's as much
a cultural challenge nowadays as a
political one they point to internet
celebrities like Takashi 6:9 he's a
pretty notorious 22 year old troll who's
amassed over 14 million followers online
known for his controversial look you see
it right there as well as his behavior
and many have begun comparing his rise
to Donald Trump that includes radio host
Ebro Darden who's been here on the beat
as well as my next guest author
Charlamagne tha God who interviewed
Takashi where they discussed how
trolling and being hated fueled his rise
no matter how much I'm hated nobody's
doing what I'm doing and I love it and
that musician also shouted out trump
behind all our races that for like a
good presidents immunization I am going
bye Charlamagne tha God you hear the
laughter he is the co-host or the
nationally syndicated radio show The
Breakfast Club he's the author a black
privilege operty opportunity comes to
those who created and his show delves
into culture and politics
he's even interviewed Hillary Clinton as
well as many other leading musicians
surprised you caught one at akashi's
best roles during that Fat Joe interview
when he said that you know behind the
racism of Donald Trump was a good
president that was a troll that was a
troll oh that's Louie a troll this is a
person who isn't familiar to everyone
but there is this overlap with Donald
Trump what's going on here I don't think
it's an overlap with Trump I think the
consignee and Trump both troll for
different reasons I think
Takashi trolls for attention and Donald
Trump trolls for distraction you
I mean as long as he keeps us talking
about things that don't matter you know
a tweet about the NFL or tweet about you
know Omarosa we won't pay attention to
the real issues which is whether or not
he has been in cahoots with Russia but
something's happening in our politics
and our culture where and you and I've
talked about this people who still stand
by Donald Trump they say they like he's
that he's upsetting everyone they like
that Washington's freaking out and a lot
of music fans look at someone like
Takashi and think this isn't the best
music and his fans which are over 10
million on Instagram and we mentioned at
the top of the charts say they like how
he upsets everyone in the game yeah and
I mean honestly I can't relate to either
because you know like I'm not neither
one of their basis see the difference
Akashi any trumpet like this Takashi oh
god they control he'll say a bunch of
wild reckless stuff and we'll pay
attention today but then they'll put out
some music and his fans eat that up
I don't like it amusing so I don't eat
it up same thing with Trump Trump go out
there talk reckless talk crazy
then they'll do something that his fans
like I still don't know what that
something is but clearly his base eats
it up when you look at someone like
Donald Trump or Sarah Palin who did a
lot of this or this artist we're talking
about what is the antidote how do you
deal with this as a culture when as you
know and the reason why mention the
Internet is it is this constant
attention competition I think that um we
all have to move off strategy and not
emotion I think as long as they got us
in our feelings you know what I'm not
talking about the city channels as long
as they gotta say in our feelings and
we're being emotional we're distracted
and we're not paying attention like if
you look at the Democrats and the
Liberals they're not even talking about
the midterms this year like once you
rally Peter out you know energized
people to vote so they can get the house
in the Senate back like who's your
candidate for 2020 as long as they got
them distracted and you know Donald
Trump got distracted constantly talking
about him you're not talking about what
you can do for the people but I don't
want you to be anti Trump I want you to
be pro people
Charlamagne tha God always appreciate
you coming on the beat thank you and
hope you can get to kasi 6-9 to go out
there and a support Trump and I mean go
out there and stomp for Trump in the
2020 election that's a rally baby
that'll be a Amer
like you know I always say if Trump
wasn't a privileged white man he'd be a
SoundCloud rapper that on that note
again Thank You Charlamagne and I want
to mention Charlemagne's forthcoming
book shook one coming out October 23rd
it doesn't stop hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
