welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
political reporter for Axios Alexei
McCammon Alexei good morning to you good
morning talk to us about Allah Axios is
one big thing
today's one big thing is a look inside
the president's greatest fear President
Trump as we all know by now is someone
who likes to feign confidence even and
maybe especially when he's in small
groups he sort of shows this self
reassurance in any decision he's making
even if he hasn't made a decision like
that before but there is one decision
and that is North Korea and the
situation happening with North Korea and
trying to denuclearize them and kim
jeong-hoon that is sort of making the
president afraid and it's sort of
showing an area in which he is not
extremely confident in a decision and
especially with something that is more
visceral to him because of the threat of
nuclear war well so is there more to
that though why why do people feel like
the North Korea situation is testing
this confidence that seems in flappable
unflappable till now so I think the
nuclear war aspect is something that is
very tangible to him and instilling fear
in him because it makes him feel more
visceral about the situation sources who
reveal this information to my colleague
Jonathan Swan didn't really give him a
compelling reason why North Korea and
not things like the Middle East crisis
or a potential trade war with China is
sort of making him feel this way one
theory is that you know he was a child
in the 1950s and the other theory is
just that the things like a trade war
with China or the Middle East crisis are
a little more abstract to the president
in a way that the threat of nuclear war
is not why would they be more abstract
versus North Korea you know I would I
would say that one thing that's maybe
changing his mind was North Korea is the
way that Kim Jong hoon has been pushing
back against him the president is
someone who likes to be unpredictable
and sort of push back against people and
he is seeing that reciprocated and kim
jeong-hoon in a way that maybe he is
feeling more threatened and feeling like
you know he's meeting his match in the
dictator of north korea in the way that
he's not necessarily seeing in the
middle east or with trade war with China
all right let's let's switch gears here
I want to talk about some new poll
numbers out that kind of reveal that
President Trump is getting
higher approval ratings for some of his
personal traits break some of those
numbers down for us
sure so 41% of people think the
president stands up for what he believes
in and I think that's reflected in the
way that he talks and even what we were
just talking about now this confidence
he exudes in small groups and even large
groups thirty five percent think that he
gets things done and can get things done
and that was you know we sort of saw an
uptick in those approval numbers when
with the passage of the GOP tax plan and
other people you know think he's tough
enough for the job something like 31
percent of folks think that he's tough
enough to do this job and I think all of
those sort of reflect not only bright
spots in his overall polling we usually
only hear about his overall approval
rating of the job he is doing but also
reflects what we were just talking about
which is this confidence that he exudes
and how that is relating to the positive
traits people attribute to him so we've
talked about the bright spots but one of
the president's scores that remains
lower than all of the others is whether
or not that he's honest and trustworthy
are do you think that we're seeing a
real trust gap with the public's view of
the president that will persist you know
the numbers don't lie it was something
like 13% of people who only think the
president is honest and trustworthy that
is abysmal and I think the really
interesting thing here is the way that
the president has created this
transparent direct line of communication
between himself and his supporters
through social media through his
impromptu press conferences and the way
that he speaks as if he is telling it
like it is but at the same time
Americans across the board
overwhelmingly don't necessarily believe
the things that he's saying and I think
the Washington Post had a great analysis
from a few months ago that showed the
president makes on average something
like 5 to 6 misleading or false claims
every single day all right Aleksey
McCammon for us thank you we're gonna be
reading Axios a.m. and just a little bit
of to all our viewers out there you too
can sign up the newsletter at Axios com
that hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
