fair warning right here at the top of
the broadcast we have an unusually high
volume of news to get through together
in the course of this broadcast and so
we will day 482 of the Trump
administration and we are tracking
breaking news concerning the Trump White
House on multiple fronts as we say
president Trump's lawyer Rudolph
Giuliani is speaking out again on the
Russia investigation we're trying to get
him to end this this is not good for the
American people and the special counsels
office doesn't seem to have that sort of
understanding that they're interfering
with things that are much bigger than
them moron mr. Giuliani in just a moment
we know President Trump reimbursed
Michael Cohen for over $100,000 for what
certainly appears to be that payment to
stormy Daniels we got a first-hand look
at thousands of pages of congressional
testimony today about the now infamous
2016 Trump Tower meeting the Senate
Intelligence Committee said today Russia
did favor Trump in 2016 the New York
Times has a new report on the secret
origins of the FBI's Russia
investigation the leaker who revealed
Michael Cohen's financial payments said
they were prompted to leak because of a
troubling discovery that they made all
this as we are just minutes away as we
said from the one-year anniversary of
robert muller being named special
counsel and there is a new report
tonight that Giuliani's planning to
weaponize the one-year anniversary mark
in an effort to end the investigation
we're going to break down all of this
news tonight with for veterans of the
FBI all of them worked with Robert
Muller they've never been assemble it in
one place before but let's start with
president Trump's newly released
financial disclosure forms they revealed
Trump reimbursed his longtime attorney
Michael Cohen who made that $130,000
payment to stormy Daniels at the bottom
of the 45th page of the disclosure a
note that reads quote in the interest of
transparency while not required to be
disclosed as reportable liabilities in
2016 expenses were incurred by one of
Donald Trump's attorneys Michael Cohen
mr. Cohen sought reimbursement of those
expenses and mr. Cohen fully reimbursed
mr. Trump fully reimbursed Cohen in 2017
the
Gouri of value would be 100,000 won to
$250,000 they had to do it by category
but in another footnote the office of
government ethics said information
related cohen painted related to the
cohen payment is required to be reported
earlier today stormy Daniels attorney
Michael avenatti said this about the
disclosure I think the president
disclosed this on the form because he
realized at this juncture based on
advice of the people around him that he
was left with no other choice but to
disclose it on the form today and I've
said it before I'm gonna say it again
Michael Cohen will lead to the downfall
of this president he will not serve out
his term in April Trump said on Air
Force One he did not know about the
payment or where Cohen got the money
we're also following another major
headline pertaining to Michael Cohen
tonight The Washington Post reporting
that Cohen solicited a 1 million dollar
payment from the government of Qatar in
late 2016 in exchange for access and
advice to the incoming administration
The Post reports that Qatar declined the
offer and the Cohen did not participate
in an official meeting with Qatari
officials around that time in a
statement NBC News a spokesperson for
the Qatari official who was solicited
apparently by Cohen said a payment was
never made nor did the official ever
even entertain making such a payment and
more on Cohen from Ronan Farrow in The
New Yorker magazine he reports the
source who leaked those Cohen financial
records did so because they believe some
bank records strangely were missing
quote the official had grown alarmed
after being unable to find two important
reports on Cohen's financial activity in
a government database the official
worried that the information was being
withheld from law enforcement released
the remaining documents meanwhile new
reporting from the New York Times
reveals how the FBI kept the
investigation in a Trump's campaign
secret when it started so as not to
influence the election Matt Apuzzo
reports quote fearful of leaks they kept
details from political appointees across
the street at the Justice Department
Peter struck a senior FBI agent
explained in a text that just
Department officials would find it too
tasty to resist sharing I'm not worried
about our side he wrote only about five
Justice Department officials knew the
full scope of the case officials said
not the dozen or more who might normally
be briefed on a major national security
case The Times also reports that when
the investigation started quote a small
group of FBI officials knew it by its
codename crossfire hurricane the name a
reference to the Rolling Stones lyric
from jumpin Jack flash I was born in a
crossfire hurricane was an app
prediction of a political storm that
continues to tear shingles off the
bureau we also learned much more today
about that June 9th 2016 meeting Trump
Tower with members of the Trump campaign
including Donald Trump jr.
and a Russian lawyer with ties to the
Kremlin Senate Judiciary Committee
released thousands of pages of testimony
about the meeting today from Donald
Trump jr. and others who've come before
them among the headlines here though
it's a lot Donald Trump jr. was anxious
for opposition research or dirt on
Hillary Clinton but meeting attendees
said no valuable information was
provided Donald Trump jr. said he didn't
recall telling his father about the
meeting but as NBC News points out Trump
jr. was quote grilled about a phone call
he made to a blocked number during the
planning stages of the Trump Tower
meeting but said he didn't remember who
we spoke with asked whether his father
used a blocked number Trump jr. said I
don't know this as the Senate
Intelligence Committee released a report
today that backs the conclusion from
intelligence officials that Russia
interfered in the 2016 election with the
goal of helping Donald Trump and finally
Shannon petty piece of Bloomberg is
reporting today the Trump and his legal
team are planning to use this one year
anniversary of Robert Muller's
appointment to they hope ratchet up
pressure on the special counsel to close
the investigation with all of that and
our apologies for the volume let's bring
in our leadoff panel for another
Wednesday night the aforementioned Matt
Apuzzo Pulitzer Prize winning New York
Times reporter Jeremy bash former chief
of staff it's
and the Pentagon also former counsel the
house Intel also the aforementioned
Shannon petty piece White House
correspondent for Bloomberg News Shannon
I've looked around the room and of this
group you were the last one to talk to
Rudy Giuliani so you get to go first
with his mindset and what he told you
tonight
yeah that's what I was doing around 8
o'clock tonight so I mean he basically
was going over this idea of whether or
not the president can be subpoenaed or
the sitting president can be indicted he
says that he talked to the special
counsel about this couple weeks ago and
they told him that they're following
some current DOJ guidelines that have
been in place for a long time that his
interpretation of says a city president
cannot be indicted and a sitting
president cannot be subpoenaed for a
civil matter all this and watching him
just now on Fox News
I get the sense increasingly that the
president's legal team is heading to a
court fight if need be over this
interview they are starting to dig their
heels in and indicating that they will
battle this in court and this is a
president who doesn't mind a circus a
spectacle he doesn't mind a battle so I
could you know increasingly see that
direction that this is all going into
Jeremy bash we never asked you to come
on this broadcast in your capacity as a
lawyer but there's no avoiding it you
are one so you're gonna get a dual
question here does it seem likely to you
that Muller would without exertion of
any leverage agree to a condition or a
statement by Rudy Giuliani and is what
we're talking about settled law at all
no and yes in the following respects
Bryan which is if you look at the 1973
Office of Legal Counsel Department of
Justice memo during the Nixon
impeachment era and then the subsequent
2000 October 2000 memo that was written
after the the Clinton years what those
memos say is that a president cannot be
indicted because to convict a president
criminally would deprive us of a
commander-in-chief someone who was
required by our Constitution to execute
the laws of our country
it doesn't say anything about the
president can't be subpoenaed or asked
to give testimony or ask to speak
truthfully on any matter in fact a
subpoenaed testimony would take what
four hours to provide and that's less
time that the president usually spends
on the golf course over the course of a
weekend so you can hardly make an
argument the president would be deprived
of his ability to execute his
constitutional duties simply by sitting
in front of Bob Muller and telling the
truth hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
