the breaking news never stops on Michael
Cohen we have more breaking news tonight
on Trump lawyer Michael Cohen Yahoo News
is reporting prosecutors and
congressional investigators have
obtained text messages and emails
showing the president Trump's personal
attorney Michael Cohen was working on a
deal for a Trump Tower in Moscow far
later than Cohen has previously
acknowledged the communications show
that as late as May 2016 around the time
Trump was clinching the Republican
nomination Cohen was considering a trip
to Russia to meet about the project with
high-level government officials business
leaders and bankers about a month after
Michael Cohen was still reportedly
working on a Trump Tower Moscow deal
doll Trump jr. Jared Kushner and Paul
Manafort met with Russian officials in
Trump Tower today the Senate Judiciary
Committee released thousands of pages of
interviews from Donald Trump jr. and
other participants of that meeting
Donald Trump jr. took that meeting on
the promise of receiving dirt on Hillary
Clinton investigators asked Donald Trump
jr. about his email exchange with music
publicist Rob gallstone investigators
asked you say if it's what you say I
love it what was the it that you loved
in that email Donald Trump jr. responds
potential information about an opponent
potential incriminating information on
Hillary Clinton Trump jr. replies yes
despite that statement Donald Trump jr.
claimed in his interview that he didn't
actually ask for incriminating
information on Hillary Clinton during
the meeting saying I don't believe I
specifically asked that no one Russian
associate Ranaut mcmechen the Russian
lobbyist and former Soviet
counterintelligence officer told
congressional investigators that Donald
Trump jr. was in charge of the meeting
he was definitely in charge he said I
believe you have some information for us
and Miss Veselin that skya said yes
indeed I do have information a second
Russian associate businessman Ike keval
keval odds a contradicted Donald Trump
jr. saying Donald Trump jr. asked both
miss Veselin skaia and
if they got anything on Hilary phone
records indicate that on the day Donald
Trump jr. was planning the Trump Tower
meeting June 6th he placed two phone
calls two blocked numbers days later
shortly after the meeting occurred
Donald Trump jr. placed a third call to
a blocked number the Senate Judiciary
Committee investigators asked who Donald
Trump jr. had spoken with he replied I
have no idea
former Trump campaign manager Corey
Lewandowski has told the House
Intelligence Committee that Donald Trump
senior has a blocked phone line in his
primary residence Donald Trump jr. was
asked whether his father ever used a
blocked number and he replied I don't
know and when asked specifically if he
has ever discussed the Russia
investigation with his father Donald
Trump jr. said no not that I remember
multiple times throughout his testimony
Donald Trump Donald Trump jr. denied
that he ever informed his father of the
Trump Tower meeting saying I never
discussed it with him at all and I
wouldn't have wasted his time with it
but hours after Donald Trump jr.
confirmed the Trump Tower meeting would
take place Donald Trump the candidate
said this in a campaign speech I am
going to give a major speech on probably
Monday of next week and we're going to
be discussing all of the things that
have taken place with the Clintons I
think you're gonna find it very
informative and very very interesting
now Donald Trump jr. never never talked
to him about that Trump Tower meeting
Congressman Eric's wall well and Michael
Isikoff
will join our discussion next today on
the same day that the Senate and Senate
Judiciary Committee released its
interviewed transcripts of Donald Trump
describing what Donald Trump jr. said in
his meetings with Russians in Trump
Tower the Senate Intelligence Committee
released a statement saying that Russia
did indeed interfere in the 2016
presidential election with the explicit
intention
of helping Donald Trump joining our
discussion now democratic nice with Eric
SWA well a member of the House
Intelligence Committee and Michael
Isikoff chief investigative
correspondent for our Yahoo News and
co-author of the new book best-selling
book Russian roulette the inside story
of Putin's war on America and the
election of Donald Trump and Carson SWA
well I know the House Intelligence
Committee the Republicans novice
Intelligence Committee said they could
not find anything about Russia in any
way trying to influence the election it
must be a bittersweet moment for you
that the Senate Intelligence Committee
says the obvious yes Russia interfered
and they interfered to help Donald Trump
good evening Lawrence and also
bittersweet for the country because
unity is the best antidote for future
Russian interference or interference
from any country we're gonna have a
hearing tomorrow on China it's an open
intelligence hearing and I'll be asking
questions about other countries with
similar capabilities so the House
Republicans are now isolated isolated
from bipartisan report from Senate
Republicans and Democrats isolated from
the intelligence community assessment
and just isolated from the facts also
the Senate Judiciary Committee they
released the transcripts of the June 9th
meeting their investigation is very
narrow they've only focused on that June
9th meeting however we have learned a
lot more about a lot of other approaches
very similar to what we saw the Russians
do on June 9th so we should release our
transcripts to there's no reason for the
Republicans to continue to block them we
should let the American people see for
themselves how eager and willing the
Trump team was to work with the Russians
and also make sure that we do all we can
so Bob Moeller an insurance policy here
has the ability to follow all of this
evidence and finally subpoena these
records that the Republicans were
unwilling to do Michael Isikoff
in your book Russian Roulette you have
that meeting at Trump Tower you've been
studying these players closer than most
of us have for quite a while
what's your reading of the transcripts
today well it confirmed a lot that we
reported in the book although there are
some fascinating new nuggets that we
didn't know before one which I found
absolutely fascinating and we
he posted the story tonight on Yahoo
about it is the day after remember this
meeting was set up at the request of
eros aguillera
the billionaire Russian oligarch who was
Donald Trump's business partner in both
the Miss Universe pageant and in the
first attempt to for a trump tower deal
in Moscow that was signed and arranged
during that 2013
visit the Trump made to Moscow and that
was part of an ongoing relationship that
the aguillera father and son Aerys and
the son the pop singer Emin had with the
Trump's so the it was Aris aguillera who
requested this meeting through Eman and
Rob Goldstone the music publicist sets
it up the day after the meeting Rob
Goldstone finds out that the Aguilera
offs have a gift for Donald Trump a
rather sizeable gift it was a painting
that they wanted to deliver to Trump
Tower now and and they did arrange to do
so there was some technical difficulties
about you know because they had special
security at Trump Tower but I found that
rather curious that this the the angle
erips wanted this meeting to take place
they got the meeting and then right
after that there's a sizable personal
gift for Donald Trump himself who
according to Donald Trump jr. knew
nothing about the meeting although as
you pointed out there's lots of
questions about about that the Carson
swallow a Donald Trump jr. didn't want
to take any credit for running this
meeting and so you have this difference
in the testimony about Donald Trump jr.
saying I don't I don't think he didn't
ask anything about you know what do you
have for us and you have the Russian
witnesses saying he asked right away you
know what's the information you have for
us yet you know when he says I don't
recall that is code for
yes you're getting too close that's
something we heard from so many
witnesses and they showed a tremendous
willingness to make this meeting happen
if you if you look at it these this is a
very busy campaign yet they moved heaven
and earth to accommodate this meeting
and on the question of whether Donald
Trump knew about the meeting he either
knew about it and they're all lying or
they knew enough the family did to not
tell him because proximity matters here
the in three ways one the proximity of
how close the egala Roth family was to
Donald Trump proximity in that Donald
Trump was just one floor above where the
meeting took place and proximity and how
close we know that Donald Trump and
Donald Trump jr. were and how much they
talked about the campaign for the year
that it occurred so it's just really
hard to believe that he didn't know and
Michael Isikoff when Donald Trump jr.
says I didn't want to bother him with it
this is someone who we've heard talking
on the Access Hollywood bus we we've see
him spending his entire weekends playing
golf this is a guy who publicly has
donald trump has revealed himself to
have all the time in the world to
discuss the most trivial things that
cross anyone's mind who is close to him
the credibility of I didn't want to
bother the big guy with anything as
small as this is rather strained in this
situation yeah sure look you played the
clip before of the of the comment Trump
made right at the time this meeting is
being set up right after this meeting is
being set up in which he says he's gonna
give a speech about some very
interesting information about about the
Clintons
and this is right after the email trail
shows that Rob Goldstone is promising
the Russians meeting at Trump Tower are
gonna have some very interesting
information about incriminating
information from Kremlin files about
Hillary Clinton so the the the parallel
in the comments there are rather
striking Michael Isikoff and Congressman
Eric's well well thank you both for
joining us tonight really appreciate my
pleasure thank you hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other
great videos
