Ronan Farrow at The New Yorker magazine
is out with a big scoop tonight about
how we got that financial information
about Michael Cohen last week Cohen's
financial information that was disclosed
last week it was itself big news but
what may end up being the bigger story
here is how that financial information
came to be public knowledge who released
it and why that's Ronan scoop tonight
and you see the headline they're missing
files motivated the leak of Michael
Cohen's financial records here's the
story quote last week several news
outlets obtained financial records
showing that Michael Cohen president
Trump's personal attorney had used a
shell company to receive payments from
various firms with business before the
Trump administration in the days since
there's been much speculation about who
leaked the confidential documents the
Treasury Department's inspector general
has also launched a probe to find the
source of the documents turns out Ronan
Farrow has found the source of the
documents he reports that it is a law
enforcement official Ronan is not
disclosing the law enforcement officials
identity but he does explain the
motivation that led to this official
deciding to disclose the secret
information which is a serious decision
to make this is a fairly serious crime
to disclose this sort of private
information one that comes with pretty
serious financial criminal penalties but
this official has decided to make this
information public because of this quote
the official had grown alarmed after
being unable to find two important
reports on Cohen's financial activity in
a government database some financial
records related to Michael Cohen missing
from the database here's what's going on
here banks have to file something called
a suspicious activity report if SAR SAR
if they suspect that something hinky is
going on in somebody's bank account
something that looks like it might be
money laundering or fraud or some other
kind of criminal conduct it doesn't get
you arrested but the bank has to file a
suspicious activity report they go to a
law-enforcement database and then law
enforcement can access that database and
use it as a source for leads to go
investigate you if it turns out any of
this hinky stuff your bank thinks you're
up to might turn into a criminal case
according to Ronan's reporting tonight
quote these reports are routed to a
permanent database maintained by FinCEN
which is the Treasury Department's
Financial Crimes enforcement network
that database can be searched by tens of
thousands of law enforcement and other
federal government personnel that
document about Michael Cohen that was
released last week according to ronan
pharaoh's new reporting was based on one
tsar one of these suspicious activity
reports that was filed at the First
Republic Bank which is the bank where
Michael Cohen's little shell company
essential consultants had its bank
account that one suspicious activity
report included transactions between
September 2017 through January of this
year
but according to ronan source that's not
the only one there are two other
suspicious activity reports about this
same account at this same Bank
concerning this same company and those
two suspicious activity reports have
apparently mysteriously disappeared from
what is supposed to be that permanent
database quote these two reports detail
more than three million dollars in
additional transactions triple the
amount in the report released last week
which individuals or corporations were
involved remains a mystery but according
to the official who leaked the report
these czars were absent from the
database maintained by the Treasury
Department this official who has spent a
career in law enforcement tells Farrow
quote I have never seen something pulled
off the system the system is a safeguard
for the bank it's a stockpile of
information when something isn't there
that should be I immediately became
concerned that's why I came forward
meaning that's why I leaked the report
we all saw last week quote whatever the
explanation for the missing reports the
appearance that some but not all had
been removed or restricted troubled the
official into releasing the report last
week why just those two missing the
official said the official told Ronan
Farrow that he or she feared that the
contents of those two reports might be
permanently withheld the official said
quote that is what alarms me the most so
according to this new reporting there
are three suspicious activity reports
three czars filed by that Bank where
Cohen has the bank account for that
little company that paid off
Daniel's that mysteriously had all that
other money flowing through it through
all those corporator call all those
corporate entities there were three
czars just one of them produced all that
news and all that scandal last week the
reason that one Tsar was released is
because the two other reports have gone
walkies somebody knew that there was
supposed to be three reports and only
one was there and that someone that law
enforcement official decided to leak
that one report to draw attention to
what was going on here
if those two czars disappeared from this
supposedly permanent government database
why is that that database isn't supposed
to have stuff missing from it those
missing reports are why this law
enforcement official broke the law
himself or herself to leak that
information about Cohen's Bank recut
records to the public here's how Ronan's
piece ends tonight quote the official
said we have accepted this as normal and
this is not normal things that stand out
as abnormal like documents being removed
from a system are of grave concern to me
of the potential for legal consequences
the official said quote to say that I am
terrified right now would be an
understatement but the official said
quote this is a terrifying time to be an
American to be in this situation and to
watch all of this unfold joining us now
is Ronan Farrow contributing New Yorker
writer who broke this scoop tonight
Ronan back so soon good to be here again
ritual thank you congratulations on this
let me make sure that I understand this
correctly your source says that he or
she was the source of the information
that was reported last week which has
since been substantially confirmed
correct based on a suspicious activity
report from Michael Cohen's bank which
showed all of these previously unknown
payments to Michael Cohen into and out
of that account it should be noted yes
your source says the reason he or she
did that was because of concern about
other similar reports that are gone yes
and we can absolutely report that those
other two that you reference that are
now unaccounted for exist they are
internally referenced in the third
suspicious activity report okay so that
is not in dispute what is in dispute
let's slow that down so the one that
came out last week the documents that we
saw last week were based on ace
a suspicious activity report that report
and we haven't seen the original of that
we've only seen a derivative document
that was publicized by this lawyer last
week that original document references
the existence of two prior reports exact
so we know they exist but they're not in
the day they exist they should be tied
to the same identifier numbers in the
system or you search for Cohen's name
they should come up in the system in the
normal course of business they do not so
how can you tell me how your source
discovered this you know what I can say
is that in general terms those tens of
thousands of law enforcement and other
personnel who have access to the FinCEN
system that's the technical term for
this database would routinely do these
kinds of searches even based on seeing
in the news that Michael Cohen is being
investigated for various things and they
might want to check that it's in their
jurisdiction or not or if someone else
is handling it that part of it is
routine we contacted about a dozen
sources and experts that we know in this
field as soon as your report came out
trying to figure out the importance of
what you had brought to the public's
attention tonight and what we asked
people specifically was do you know of
any previous example of saara of a
suspicious activity report existing but
somehow being pulled from or or or
hidden within the database not being
evident in the database every single
person we told us talked to told us they
they know of no other example of this
and Rachel we went through a very
similar process we talked to seven
experts people who had been involved in
leadership positions around this
database and again and again they said
this is highly unusual the of the
question that sort of follow-on question
for me upon learning that this is
apparently unprecedented or at least as
far as we can tell unprecedented is is
it is it possible is there a technical
logistical means by which a SAR can be
disappeared or removed from that
database so I want to point out a couple
of caveats that are important for people
as they digest this news yeah one is
that you know we are not reporting that
there's foul play here
indeed amongst those experts some of the
first and most plausible speculation we
received was maybe a special counsel
Muller or the Southern District of New
York or any jurisdiction that has a
stake in in
perhaps lording over a particular piece
of evidence came in and said you know
please restrict this but I think what is
true regardless Rachel is this is a
murky area there's not a lot of
transparency or accountability and we
may never get clear answers as to how
politically motivated it was if these
were indeed yanked from the system right
and and we did find obscure you know
regulations and data retention policies
that say technically they reserve the
right to do this but everyone says it
never happens and prosecutors we talked
to and law enforcement personnel we
talked to said they didn't know of any
set procedure by which you could achieve
such a thing so theoretically it could
be the prosecutors in the Southern
District of New York it could be the
special counsels office saying we know
this special this the suspicious
activity report exists we don't want it
on the database because this is so
sensitive we can't have tens of
thousands of law enforcement personnel
having access to this information
theoretically that's a possibility but
from your reporting and from our
reporting today nobody knows of any
example of this ever happening in any
previous case that's right fascinating
Ronan Farrow contributing writer at The
New Yorker who broke this scoop tonight
I never thought that this would be so
fascinating but I'm like literally on
the edge of my seat to find out we all
know the intricacies of FinCEN ever
heard all I want is more pleasure we'll
be right back stay with us hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
