a federal judge in Washington has denied
Paul Manafort claims that special
counsel Robert Muller's indictment of
him for money laundering and other
charges exceeded his authority judge Amy
Burman Jackson refused to dismiss the
charges against president Trump's former
campaign chairman ruling that Deputy
Attorney General rod Rose ensign had
followed all the Justice Department's
rules when he hired Muller and the
Muellers case against mana Ford is not
overly broad or improper Jackson found
men affords high-level work for Trump
and russian-backed Ukrainian political
leaders made it logical for
investigators to probe and Forte's
dealings a spokesman for Manta Ford said
he maintains his innocence and looks
forward to prevailing in this matter
federal judge TS Ellis has yet to rule
on mana Ford's motion for dismissal in
the Eastern District of Virginia yeah I
mean John we've hung her this last week
Alice last week made a procedural
argument yeah you know maybe you should
do what the Southern District of New
York yeah what Muller did with the
Southern District of New York maybe you
just passed this over federal
prosecutors if it's outside you're going
and by the way toughest s-- in their
basements all over all across the
fruited plain why had the president
United States the president United
States at rumpus themselves yes the fit
for the Trump piaced of all Trump us
freaked out yeah talk about talk about
like clinging to the smallest of
victories but here you have a judge in
DC circuit saying no this is fine they
can move it they can move forward with
it I mean there is no good news for
Donald Trump there is no good news even
if in the Eastern District Virginia they
say no you know what
you know what just procedurally this may
exceed the bounds why don't you just
toss it over to the US Attorney and they
can prosecute Manta Ford here there
there there may be some good news on the
horizon at some point for Donald Trump
who knows but but the it's a sign up to
your point
how unrelentingly troublesome and
negative the news on all of these legal
fronts has been that when there's a
glimmer of anything just a small
rhetorical flourish let me say Casey's
on it the procedure
yes procedure it's like it's like okay
listen the PAP on that corner can arrest
you or the cop on that corner might
arrest you I think that cop may not be
able to because it's on that side of the
street so maybe and they see that as oh
this is victory he has overstepped his
bounds why we must dispense of this
special prosecutor not even though we
embraced it
when kids star was going after Bill
Clinton and said that the President must
get you out of stand before you do that
but it's not just but it's not just on
procedure it wasn't even a procedural
ruling it was a like an interrogatory
like the the judge was in that case
discussing procedure and kind of test
driving an argument and pressing the
attorneys on one side not even like he
was not even a ruling on we don't you
don't even knows brilliance because
hopefully a back and forth looks like
kind of pushing the lawyers to hear what
they had to say about his proposal that
it might be so yeah it's Kentucky's a
lot of times judges will push it's okay
in the world should I do that them to
make their argument I should make the
argument and then you quietly go okay
yeah that's what I thought so but you
know what go you know what here's the
great thing yeah there's a great thing
you said that Trump may be looking for
good news there may be some good news
coming up yes a celebration and there is
good news conference streamers really
Giuliani it's true maybe there's gonna
be a birthday cake and in the lobby of
Trump Tower he's gonna jump out of moody
Giuliani special counsel Robert Muller's
appointment by Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosenstein with a cigar nation and
president Trump's attorney and a sash I
one year Rudy Giuliani says they will
use the occasion to blast the
investigations very existence please do
they really should because you know what
the only thing that Muller the only
witches in this witch hunt that Moeller
his his gnarled Willie are 13 Russians
yep yep right Donald Trump's national
security adviser yeah in painter but
guilty
operating Paul Manafort his campaign
manager who Donald Trump personally told
me Fotopoulos was absolutely necessary
to win the nomination told me that back
in the summer I got to get in jail
because I absolutely necessary for me to
get the delegates to win the nomination
he's been indicted I Rick Gates who it
was a helped him run the camp very
helpful he's been indicted and now he's
cooperating you have the person Donald
Trump was one of his two key foreign
policy advisors you noticed week it's
just kind of rumbling underneath I get a
night live I'm the bass singer yeah just
like the same night live skit
no talking no but anyway you look at
that look at this list okay nothing's
been done you've got 4x Trump advisors a
lawyer a digital marketing strategist 13
Russian nationals three Russian
companies five guilty pleas three
trumpets cooperating now with this
investigation and he says nothing's been
done in a year this is one of the most
successful prosecutions and guess what
here's the great news Willie as they say
on TV guess what there's more yes I was
going to say you might be hearing from
Donald Trump's personal attorney in that
investigation sometime very soon Michael
Cohen could join that list if he decides
to to join in on the fun Jeremy bash
obviously Bob Muller is not listening to
the claims from Rudy Giuliani and others
that this is a witch-hunt he's not going
to stop his investigation under pressure
from the Trump White House what this is
about again is undermining the
investigation so that when its findings
are made public President Trump and Rudy
Giuliani and people support Donald Trump
can say they're illegitimate because of
X Y & Z but it's important to put the
facts out in front of people and show
that Bob Muller is doing his work
quietly he's won indictments plea deals
and arrests and he moves forward despite
what all the Trump White House officials
may be saying around him and the Muller
investigation has been very speedy very
workmanlike very efficient they've got
and as you noted five criminal
convictions of significant players they
have the opportunity to turn witnesses
in the investigation against higher-ups
and imagine just for a moment really
kind of the astounding position we find
ourselves in which is that the President
of the United States who ostensibly sits
atop the entire federal government and
is supposed to sort of symbolize
truth-telling and supposed to symbolize
openness and transparency actually won't
even answer the questions of the
investigator about his own conduct
because his lawyers are afraid that he
will either in MIT criminality or
perjure himself and so here we are again
in the situation where the president is
refusing to answer questions and I think
Rudy Giuliani is basically joined in his
other lawyers and saying mr. president
don't do it fight a subpoena take this
to the Supreme Court take this to the
American people well you know Mike I've
covered this ground before yeah and this
makes me sad we know there's people well
I mean the lawyers Rudy Giuliani now
there's something about being a lawyer
for Donald Trump you get close to him
and you think he's too stupid yeah to
sit across the table from robert muller
the third a war hero obviously and yes
he went to st. paul's and yes from and
he went to princeton and these lawyers
are insecure thinking that that he has a
better education than donald trump
favored donald trump have said it before
I'd be very insulted I went they really
do believe they really do believe that
Donald Trump is so stupid his lawyers
here no we're just all friends too and
Rudy Giuliani now has it's like they get
inside this bubble and they get infected
and they start thinking that Donald
Trump is too stupid to sit across the
table from robert muller the third that
he's shut out looking is that he doesn't
have the class or he doesn't have the
intelligence or the time because he
watches so much why would he do it I
just want to know does he really does
Giuliani really think that Donald
Trump's education is so deficient that
he can't sit a guard because I think he
can I just he must I listen this guy's
been doing this for 50 years
autumns a good school I thought it's a
great school
mom I think it's cool I don't know why
Giuliana thinks Ford mystery I think he
ended up I think he graduated actually
is last year I think he went to Penn
graduated on same day that forty
Americans were killed in Vietnam but but
four times a great school and I don't
know where what school he went to in
Queens but I think there's a lead ISM
among Donald Trump's attorneys among
Giuliani among all these people they
think Donald Trump is too stupid to
stand man man to man toe toe toe toe to
toe I die with Robert and Waller in the
trunk Donald Trump let me tell you
something if I got attorneys working for
me yeah and they think that just because
the guy went to st. Paul's and whatever
the incident he's better than me yeah
you know what I'm doing those lawyers
okay I'm fighting them no I am you know
can you imagine how insulting that is I
give them one more chance and say go on
TV today Rudy and fix this yeah it's
just insulting be helpful this is not
right Jeremy thank you coming up our
next guest is furious that it seems
president Trump is more interested in
saving jobs in China than in history
said his attorneys think he's too stupid
to just talk the robert mckee not demise
of our knees but Rudy's Donald Trump's
honor - Rudy can go on TV to everyone it
it's like they get close to him and
suddenly it's like they become elitists
yeah and they think he's too stupid
because president Roberts own best
advocate I believe and we'll sit down
with Bob Muller he's congressman Tim
Ryan joins us next morning toast thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
