welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am the
co-founder of Axios and Mike on Mike
good morning to you talk to me about
Axios is one big thing this morning well
good morning and the AXI is one big
thing is the rise of the pro Trump media
machine so this is fascinating during
the Clinton era it was right-wing talk
radio the rose a lot of time it's themed
out of party that does better in the
media during a presidential
administration but we see conservative
media thriving under president frump new
salaries new contracts for right-wing
media stars lots of conservative traffic
and new conservative outlets all of
which are acting as an amplification for
what's already the biggest microphone in
the world well and it seems as if from
your reporting Mike if this is happening
across all mediums it's not just
television as as we've heard reporting
that Bill O'Reilly might be returning to
news Maxim's in the 8 p.m. timeslot that
he had for so long at Fox News it's
across all mediums where else could we
be seeing sort of this rise now that's a
great point so actually Sarah Fisher has
a great post up just now pointing out
that you see it on local TV so of course
we've seen here on first look and
Morning Joe the CIM the Sinclair echo
effect the largest chain of local
affiliates around the country running
there must run editorials with a
conservative Pro White House talking
point embedded in them on digital we see
both new outlets often devoted to a
particular state giving a Republican
talking points often looking like
legitimate news outlets and there's also
been a boom on radio and the cable TV
across the board is up as well how do
you think they're able to get so far
ahead of this yes so what we see is the
even though the president Trump's
enthusiast one they still feel like
outsiders and they still feel like the
mainstream media isn't giving them a
fair shake
the president very cleverly Stokes this
with the big media and his other calls
for action to his people and they're
working they want to consume more they
want to feel aggrieved and as President
Trump looks ahead to his 2020
re-election campaign and Axios this week
popped up a first look at the beginnings
of that campaign which is starting out
in a basement and the Republican
National Committee on Capitol Hill right
behind me as he looks ahead like this is
gonna be an extremely useful tool he has
his own campaign but now this big echo
effect just about anywhere you want to
turn in media well and I know that
they're looking ahead both of the
successes and the possible issues that
could feasibly arise in the run-up to
2020 talk to me about the problem that
President Trump has with young
Republicans that you found yeah I think
we're gonna see some numbers right here
an enthusiasm gap between Republicans
who are younger than 45 and those who
are older super SurveyMonkey did an
analysis of a vast swath of Trump
polling and found that younger
Republican voters are less likely to be
very excited about Trump than our older
voters and of course this reflects the
demographics of his vote at large when I
met with Trump's new upcoming campaign
manager Brad Parr scale he said a good
place that they go to get names a place
for their paid advertising is AOL Mike I
quickly are you good you okay Mike you
okay okay I quickly want to follow up on
the reporting that you had a couple of
days ago with regards to the leaks
coming out of the White House what more
you learning about that yes so what
we're seeing is that rather than trying
to crack down on what's being said that
there's an effort to go after
particularly kurz to buying them and
FCC's Jonathan Swan points out that
there's a culture there that's
encouraged these weeks we
see a lot of internal rivalry and asked
about why they leak some people even
said that they mimic the idioms of their
other colleagues so that the week's will
sound like someone else alright Mike
Allen for us thank you Mike we're gonna
be reading axis a.m. in just a little
bit and to all our viewers out there you
too can sign up for the newsletter at
Axios com that does it for us on this
Wednesday morning I'm Yasmine Vesuvian
alongside animal Hadean and lewis
bergdorf Morning Joe everybody starts
right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
