sustained ian's were healed by Israeli
security forces joining us now live from
the Gaza Strip NBC News correspondent
Matt Bradley Matt good to have you with
us bring us up to speed on the situation
there I know you had a chance to visit
one of Gaza's hospitals and given the
fact that the health infrastructure was
on the verge of collapse what did you
see well a man thanks for having me on
you know actually the health system here
has been on the verge of collapse for
quite some time is you know is a veteran
of reporting here in Gaza it's been
under about a 10 year blockade first by
Israel and then by Egypt so the problems
here are more than just what's happened
in the last week the real issue is that
some of the major technology that most
hospitals use in the United States or
even in Greater Israel that we take for
granted simply can't come in here or
there restricted a lot of the movement
of doctors is restricted the doctors who
are well trained of course they want to
leave so they get out as soon as they
can they try to find jobs and the
Emirates or elsewhere so when there is a
major influx of trauma patients it's
very difficult for them to handle and
that's what we've seen here not just on
Monday but really in the past seven
weeks of protests thousands and
thousands of people who were injured now
the doctors without borders' says that
more than 90% of the people who were
shot were shot in the legs and that's
because it's protocol for the Israelis
to shoot not to kill first but to shoot
to disable someone so that they've
stopped rushing toward the border area
these these shots were very accurate
when I was in the hospital a lot of
people there complained that they
weren't able to get the advanced surgery
that they needed because they were
waiting for it because there were not
enough doctors not enough equipment I
spoke with the head of the emergency
room at al-shifa Hospital the main
trauma center here in the Gaza Strip so
take a listen to that it's challenge big
challenge to us as medical staff to be
with the using these injured people and
now at the reading room in small section
surgical section is small we're having
only three bits so as I mentioned you
know Doctors Without Borders saying so
many these people were shot in the legs
a lot of these people could have been
shot in the head they survived they were
just injured but that means that this
already beleaguered medical system is
going to be beleaguered even more caring
for patients who will need prosthetics
and will need advanced medical care for
years to come ayman all right absolutely
heartbreaking there I'm not Bradley live
for us in the Gaza Strip thank you for
that report Matt obviously hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
