when will we find out what happened
December 12 2016 at Trump Tower I think
soon soon is a week soon as a month soon
as soon and today we learned more about
what happened at Trump Tower on December
12 2016 during the presidential
transition over the weekend Michael
avenatti released video images which he
said showed a Qatari official in the
lobby of Trump Tower on that day with
Michael Cohen and today that Qatari
official confirmed that he was indeed at
Trump Tower on that date Michael
avenatti then tweeted today once again
we have been proven right more ugly
details to follow
Ahmed el room a key is the Qatari
official who was then the head of
Qatar's investment fund controlling over
a hundred billion dollars Mr Al room--a
he's admission that he was at Trump
Tower came one day after his company
issued a statement about the video
images of him that Michael avenatti
released saying we do not confirm and
have no basis to confirm the video last
night here in this program Michael
avenatti pointed to a statement made
under oath in a civil lawsuit in
California in which a business partner
of Mr Al room--a he quotes him as having
claimed to have purchased or attempted
to purchase influence with the Trump
administration Jeff quanta Nets who
knows
Steve Bannon as a friend of Steve Bannon
and is now suing mr. al room--a he said
Mr Al room--a he requested I set up a
meeting between him and Qatari
government and Steve bent Steven Bannon
and to tell Steve Bannon that Qatar
would underwrite all of his political
efforts in return for his support quater
nets says he rejected the offer in
response while room a he laughed and
then stated to me that I shouldn't be
naive that so many Washington
politicians take our money and stated do
you think Flynn
turned down our money tonight the Daily
Mail is reporting new information about
that meeting in Trump Tower on December
12th if true and if the special
prosecutor can substantiate this
information then Michael Cohen is in
much much more trouble than we have
previously known the Daily Mail quotes a
single unnamed Kuwaiti source the
Kuwaiti source told Daily Mail that Isle
room a he called him and boasted that
Cohen had asked him for money in
exchange for influence in the Trump
administration the official said he said
Cohen told him to send millions to
various members of the Trump family
aisle room a he did not do so the
official added the Trump family members
were not named the Kuwaiti source said
el room a he informed him of the alleged
bribery attempt so that he would not
appear to be going behind Kuwait's back
in his relationship with the Trump
administration the Kuwaiti source
claimed al Ramaiya told him that Cohen
tried to get the money during a meeting
which also included now disgraced former
national security adviser Michael Flynn
at Trump Tower in December 2016 I'll
remain mpany had no comment for the
Daily Mail about that alleged bribe
offered joining our discussion now
Jeremy stall senior editor at Slate and
back with us Malcom Nance and David
Fromm and Jeremy stall you have been
writing reporting on this and reporting
on Michael a vanadis revelations about
it and there's a connection here isn't
there to the steel dossier that's that's
absolutely correct the connection is
that four days before this meeting at
Trump Tower on December 12 2016 that was
confirmed today by the sports company
that Achmed Al Rahimi
runs for four days before this took
place there was a multi-billion dollar
oil deal a sale from Russia a Russian
gas giant called Rose napped to Qatar
for
a 19.5% stake in the in the company and
what's important here is that in the
steel dossier it's it's alleged that in
the summer of 2016 during meetings in
Russia
Carter paged set up an alleged quid pro
quo deal in which Trump administration
officials would eventually promised to
undo sanctions against Russia in
exchange for a stake in this future oil
purchase and the fact that all of this
Altima played out in this way offers
some credence I guess to some of the
essential claims of the steel dossier
and David from Michael avenatti told us
that we would soon know more about this
meeting that he was talking about last
night and 24 hours later we know more
well this is one of the moments in this
sort of roller coaster of Revelation
where it's dangerous you can get over
your skis too far forward it may be that
this single source Daily Mail story is
wrong and it may be that the story is
correct and correctly reporting that
what Michael Cohen said but that Michael
Cohen was lying about sharing the money
that he was trying to extract with the
chrome family and and the reason you
have to be so cautious is that if any of
these parts are true if they do link up
it's it's as explosive as anything
that's been reported it's not maybe as
essential to the character of the
Republic as the Russia collusion story
is and there has been corruption in
American politics before there's even
corruption in American presidential
politics before but if any of these two
Impossibles turn out to be both of them
rather turned out to be true then you've
got a story that I don't know that
anybody can survive Malcolm that's you
took took our focus back to the special
prosecutor in the last segment which
seems appropriate again here because in
this Daily Mail report tonight when
they're talking about Michael Cohen
asking for money they're saying that's
in a meeting that included Michael Flynn
at Trump Tower now Michael Flynn
cooperating with the special prosecutor
has had to discuss that meeting already
presumably with the special prosecutor
well absolutely in the
it's not a question that he's not
cooperating the question is going to be
how little are we actually learning here
that the the special counsel has known
for months I mean its most likely that
one of his 16 top financial prosecutors
already has this task tout and has a
team that has been breaking this story
out for months and months but let me let
me divert a little bit I lived in the
Middle East most of my career I spent
seven years my last seven years living
in Abu Dhabi which is the Beverly Hills
of the Middle East and this sort of of
dealing at a national level amongst
national leaders and people of influence
is very very very common and it was very
common for just about every other
national leader in the world except for
the few in the West most particularly
the President of the United States these
people over the you know they knew
American presidents could not be touched
at this level enter Donald Trump he is a
completely different animal and he loves
this world of lavish living and money
and it would not be you know outside the
realm of possibility that they saw a man
that finally would play on their field
to wear gifts emoluments money bribes
would actually work and Jeremy when you
pull all these threads of the story
together the in the Daily Mail your
reporting elsewhere on it so far if this
is substantiated
what you're seeing is Qatar YZ and
Kuwait YZ thinking exactly the way
Malcolm just described and kind of
rushing to get in there to figure out
how do we how do we deal with these
people and who do we have to pay what to
deal with these people well what you
have when you talk about such
transactional you know exchanges is that
it's not just about getting something in
exchange for something it can also be
about being punished for not fulfilling
on something and the Trump
administration was turned turned around
at the top level basically President
Trump
to come the country's position on Qatar
in the spring and summer of 2017 and
this was going against his own Secretary
of State this was going against you know
years of American policy and it's given
all of these all of these connections
it's it's a open question still why our
policies have shifted in such random
seemingly random and bizarre ways and
Jeremy well just to follow that up one
of the points that's in question there
is that Jared Kushner was that there was
possibility of getting financing cutter
based financing for a real estate
project here in Manhattan that did not
work out there's a question of was the
president then punishing them for not
helping out his son-in-law that's
another of the possible threads here in
the spring of 2017 Qatar did not come
through on a financial support for
Kushner's family company and then in
November of the year they did come
through and in the last month or two the
administration position on Qatar has
changed a great deal and one thing that
I'll note is that there's an element of
the deception here that raises the
question of what are people trying to
hide you noted that the company involved
told me that there was no basis to
confirm the video which you know it's a
video we can we can see it right before
our eyes they stood by that position I
emailed them earlier today and they
stood by that they said that remains the
company's position that there's no basis
to confirm the video of Achmed Uluru hey
me oh and also they stand by their other
statement today that ahmed al Rahim II
was in Trump Tower in on December 12
2016 and Michael avenatti posted on
twitter twitter there's really nowhere
no way to square those two positions but
for some reason sports Trinity is trying
I guess
Jeremy style Malcolm that's David Frum
thank you all for joining us really
appreciate it hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
