and thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour it was nice to be away I got a
little poison ivy and I caught and
released a bunch of fish and I gained
five pounds I had a great time thanks to
everybody here for making it possible
for me to have some time away thanks to
re and joy for filling in while I was
gone now that I am back I want to say
thanks to the news guts for keeping
things suitably insane so there's a real
reason for me to be here trying to make
sense of what's going on here's one just
first sample today in North Dakota the
United States Air Force announced that
it is posting a $5,000 reward for the
public to help with a very unsettling
problem the Air Force has gotten itself
into look at the headline on this force
that protects us nuclear weapon do we
have the headline come on put it up
there oh oh I can't see it on my monitor
I have the wrong monitor there we go now
you
I couldn't tell that you could see force
that protects US nuclear weapons loses
explosives on North Dakota Road offers
five thousand dollars to get them back
yes this is how the news gods welcomed
me home from vacation here's the lead
quote the Air Force is offering five
thousand dollars for leads on the
whereabouts of a box of explosive
grenade rounds that its personnel
accidentally dropped on a road in North
Dakota while traveling between two
intercontinental ballistic missile sites
according to a statement from Minot Air
Force Base airman from the 91st missile
wing security forces team we're
traveling on gravel roads on May 1st in
North Dakota when the back hatch of
their vehicle opened and a container
filled with the explosive ammunition
fell out the Air Force sent more than a
hundred Airmen to walk the entire 6 mile
route where the grenades were probably
lost according to a statement from the
local sheriff but two weeks after it was
lost the box of explosives still has not
been found the missing ordnance is a
belt of linked grenades for the MK 19
automatic grenade launcher according to
the sheriff quote this ammunition is
specific to that launcher and will not
operate in any other launching device
without catice
traffic failure so if you're watching
tonight from North Dakota and you have
recently found a 42-pound green metal
crate on a dirt road somewhere near
Minot do not open it the air force
parently didn't tell the local sheriff
until three days after this thing went
missing but now they are setting up an
anonymous tip line and offering the five
thousand dollar reward and making this
public service announcement because
quote any damage to the container could
result in an explosion according to an
airbase spokesman quote if anyone
locates the box and finds the ammunition
in a damaged State the area should be
evacuated immediately again this is a
box of live grenades dropped out of the
back of a truck on a bumpy road and
nobody noticed for at least six miles
couldn't find it when they went looking
for it didn't tell the local cops for
three days but now it's been two weeks
and so oh oh and by the way this is the
part of the US military that is
responsible for the security of our live
nuclear weapons it's been that kind of
day in the news today welcome back right
today North Korea called off talks with
South Korea less than 24 hours before
those talks were supposed to start in
the DMZ the North said they were calling
off tomorrow's planned summit because
there's a joint military exercise going
on between the u.s. and South Korean
military's right now now this is an
exercise that happens every year it's
not a surprise it's been happening every
year for like a decade but today North
Korea surprise decided that this planned
military exercise this annual thing is
now viewed by them as such a terrible
provocation that the talks tomorrow with
South Korea are off at the last minute
and by the way they say this also might
mean that the the meeting next month
between Kim jong-un and Donald Trump
that's off to nobody ever accused the
North Korean dictator of being the
world's most rational negotiator at
least not until the Trump administration
decided there was no reason why Donald
Trump shouldn't become the first US
president ever to meet with the North
Korean dictator but now that totally
unprecedented meeting next month may be
off both South Korea and the White House
appear to have been caught completely
we flat-footed by this surprise
announcement today from the north they
had no idea it was coming
and no matter how you feel about the
prospect of Donald Trump talking to the
North Korean dictator and calling him
honorable and complimenting him for how
excellently he treats American prisoners
in North Korea no matter how you feel
about all that surprise is not a feeling
anybody looks forward to when it comes
to anything having to do with North
Korea and nuclear weapons so we are
still watching that story developed this
evening for now it looks like the North
and South Korea summit tomorrow is
definitely off it looks like the u.s.
North Korea summit next month is
basically on ice but anything could
happen at any moment we'll let you know
more if we learn more over the course of
this hour
in federal court in Washington this
afternoon Trump campaign Chairman Paul
Manafort was dealt a big setback his
lawyers had once again sought to have
the multiple felony charges pending
against him thrown out basically by
arguing that the Special Counsel Robert
Muller was somehow improperly pursuing
this line of inquiry and these charges
against Paul Manafort Manta Fortin is
pursuing that same line in both DC and
in Virginia he's facing charges in both
districts the Virginia motion is still
pending but the judge ruled today on
this matter in DC and she ruled against
Manta for in a big way quote the
indictment alleges not only that
defendant mana forts Ukrainian clients
were supportive of and supported by
Russia but that mana forts primary
client was embedded in Russia during
some of the events relevant to the
charges defendant Manta forts main
client in Ukraine was former Ukrainian
Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych who
sought mana for its assistance in his
effort to be reelected mr. Yanukovych
was widely reported to have ties to
Russia metaphor has also done business
with and was sued in New York state
court by an entity owned by Russian
billionaire Oleg Deripaska who
reportedly has ties to the Russian
president the special counsel would have
been remiss to ignore such an obvious
potential link between the Trump
campaign and the Russian government but
the indictment falls well within the
authority granted to the special counsel
to conduct the ongoing investigation
previously
firmed by then director of the FBI James
Comey before Congress including any
links and/or coordination between the
Russian government and individuals
associated with the Trump campaign quote
in order to reach the end of the road
and come to a conclusion about whether
or not there was coordination between
the Trump campaign and the Russian
government a key place to begin is with
the individuals who would have been in a
position to coordinate who had
connections to the Russian government
who attended meetings on behalf of the
campaign given the combination of
metaphors prominence within the campaign
and his ties to Ukrainian officials
supported by and operating out of Russia
as well as to Russian oligarchs Manafort
was an obvious person of interest so
Donald Trump's campaign chairman Paul
Manafort already had his civil suit
against the special counsel and the
Justice Department thrown out the judge
hearing his criminal case in DC has also
now today ripped manna forts attack on
the legitimacy of robert muller and the
legitimacy of the special counsels
investigation the judge has also denied
manna forts motion to dismiss the felony
charges pending against him in DC again
manna fort will be trying this same line
of argument in Virginia as well to try
to get the charges dropped there too but
this ruling today does not bode well it
was not just a no it was a no with about
ten exclamation points from this judge
beyond that legal trouble for the
president's campaign chairman today the
New York Times tonight has also just
dropped this little box of grenades at
the back of the truck according to The
Times tonight the FBI and the US Justice
Department are now investigating the
data firm that the Trump campaign used
during the 2016 election the
controversial data firm that has just
disbanded itself in Britain Cambridge
analytic according to The Times Tonight
quote it is not clear whether the DOJ
and FBI investigation of Cambridge
analytic oh is tied to the inquiry being
led by Robert Muller the special counsel
but at least two executives from
Cambridge analytic were questioned by
Muller's team as recently as December
the Times reports tonight quote in a
sign of the enquiries scope one of the
prosecutors involved in the Cambridge
analytic a case
the assistant chief of the Justice
Department securities and financial
fraud division the effort is being
assisted by at least one agent who
investigates cybercrime for the FBI
that's interesting and meanwhile we also
have a whole new plotline to try to
figure out here tonight I swear the news
God's save these things up for me when I
go fishing it's like a test for me to
see if I can get right back into the
swing of things and make sense of
something like this right after I get
back this is a weird one this one starts
with basketball sort of you know how
there's regular soccer there's pro
soccer and then there's indoor soccer
which kind of looks like a cross between
ice hockey and foosball but it's live
arena soccer hasn't quite caught on the
same way but it's basically a spin-off
of normal soccer which is obviously
hugely profitable successful in popular
similarly you know how there was once an
X FL there was once an X FL spin-off of
pro football not the NFL the XFL it was
like a cross between pro football and
pro wrestling that spin-off didn't catch
on either that the XFL only lasted one
season
well like arena soccer for soccer and
like the XFL for football there is also
a pro basketball spin-off now it's three
on three instead of five on five you
play on just a half court instead of the
full court and the rules are tweaked to
make it just different enough that it's
it's a spinoff of regular basketball
it's not just a mini version of pro ball
there's all sorts of gimmicks in this
three-on-three game in regular
basketball basketball you got one point
for a free throw you get two points for
a normal shot you get three points if
you shoot from outside that arc that
marks that you that far distance from
the basket in the new three-on-three
basketball spin-off in addition to one
two and three point shots there's also a
four point shot if you stand in one of
those specific little circles marked
with a four those spots are really far
away and so to shoot from there you get
extra extra points for points there's
also of course only three players on a
side instead of five players there's a
very fast shot
clock which means you have to take a
shot at the hoop very quickly after you
get the ball which I'm sure makes it
very exciting for fans cuz there's tons
of shooting for the players it's maybe
also nice because there's not that much
running around right it's a short court
it's only half a court you have to shoot
really fast there's not a lot of players
on the court to be passing the thing
around anyway it is perhaps not a
coincidence that the athletes expected
to be the stars of the three-on-three
league our players that are retired from
the NBA players who are presumably still
very big and very strong and probably
still very good shots but maybe they
don't want to run up and down the court
so much anymore three-on-three pro
basketball may eventually become you
know the biggest it may may become
bigger than nascar bigger than the NFL
bigger than Olympic curling who knows
sky's the limit but for now pro
three-on-three basketball is a quirky
idea right it's a first season startup
idea it might work am I not among the
founders of the league our Ice Cube
legendary rapper from NWA and lots of
other things who has gone on to an
extremely successful career in music and
acting and now sports entrepreneurship
if you saw the movie Straight Outta
Compton the guy who played Ice Cube and
straight out of Compton was actually Ice
Cube son in real life what I know
another league founder for this
three-on-three basketball league along
with Ice Cube is a connected Hollywood
guy named Jeff cotton it's now last
month mr. cube and mr. cotton its
co-founders of this basketball league
they filed a lawsuit in California
related to the financing for their new
basketball league they brought a civil
lawsuit against investors who they say
promised a ton of money to get the
league up and running but these
investors then didn't fall through on
their commitments and that hurt the
league and whatever the merits of this
lawsuit overall it definitely makes
clear that these guys are thinking big
about their little startup basketball
league because in this civil lawsuit
they're suing for damages specifically
they're suing for 1.2 billion dollars in
damages sure why not the reason this
random start-up halfcourt retiree
oriented new basketball league is making
national news tonight is actually
because of a new filing in that lawsuit
and with that new filing that lawsuit
diverts a little bit from the four point
shots and the quick shot clock and the
exciting new rules about technical fouls
and sparing with this new filing in this
lawsuit it instead veered sharply toward
the white house and weirdly toward the
special counsels investigation the
basketball league lawsuit did i'm not
kidding that story's next stay with us
hey there i'm chris hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
