thing one tonight you may remember
former Texas congressman Blake
Farenthold from this infamous image
taken back in 2009 of an candidate at a
pajama party in a ducky print onesie or
you may remember him from this fairly
disastrous 2016 appearance on this very
show if a tape came out with Donald
Trump saying that saying I really like
to rape women you would continue to
endorse him again it would that would be
bad
and I would active consider that
consider it will be bad or you may
remember mr. farenthold from the most
recent time he made headlines just last
month when he resigned just as the House
Ethics Committee was about to rule
against him in a sexual harassment case
well our old friend Blake Farenthold is
back in the news today it's actually
good news for him he's got a new job
lobbying for a port in his home state of
Texas a port that got over two million
dollars in federal money a couple years
ago thanks to fair enfold and he's going
to be pretty well compensated reportedly
making 160 thousand dollars a year
that's more good news from mr. Frane
fold because he has some outstanding
debts namely eighty four thousand
dollars of public money used to settle a
sexual harassment case against the
former congressman which he promised to
pay back well you'll never guess what
Farenthold had to say about that promise
today that's thing too in 60 seconds now
former congressman Blake Farenthold made
a big promise of taxpayers last year he
pledged he would pay back every penny of
the eighty four thousand dollars federal
funds he spent on settling a sexual
harassment suit I'm doing my best and
I'm going to hand a check over this week
to to probably speak to Ryan or somebody
and say look here's the amount of my
settlement give it back to the taxpayers
well that would have been really nice if
he had done that or if he'd taken the
suggestion by Texas governor Greg Abbott
to give the eighty four thousand dollars
to the state to cover the cost of the
special election to fill his seat but
it's been six months he hasn't done that
either and so if you're out there
holding your breath
for a check from congressman ducky jams
let it go today he told ABC quote I have
been advised by my attorneys not to
repay that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
