we asked the washington post phil rucker
yesterday at this hour if Donald Trump
would be able to resist a celebrity
smackdown with Taylor Swift who took the
rare step of weighing into the midterms
yesterday here was Phil's prediction
I can't imagine his advisors at the
White House would like for him to weigh
in but as we said earlier he's got a
number of these make America great again
the campaign rallies this week and we
know when he gets in front of those
crowds he can go off the script so to
speak so I be surprised if he were to
pop off about her at some point and on
cue approximately one hour later the
president said this Marsha Blackburn is
doing a very good job in Tennessee she's
leading now substantially which he
should she's a tremendous woman I'm sure
Taylor Swift that's nothing or nut
doesn't know anything about her and
let's say that I like Taylor's music
about 25 percent less now okay some
margin she can probably handle on the
question political pundits and
entertainment reporters alike we're
struggling to answer at this hour
yesterday will it matter there's some
data to chew on in the 24 hours
following Swift's Instagram post the
nonprofit boat org saw 65,000
registrations that's more than one-third
of the total of registrations last month
and more than all of the registrations
in August meanwhile we're learning that
Taylor Swift's nemesis Kanye West will
visit the White House tomorrow Erin and
the whole panel are back this seems
really stupid if I may picking a fight
with Taylor Swift reminds me of that
scene in the American president like
keep it here she's way out of your
league Taylor Swift is someone who just
might wake up the kinds of voters that
Republicans need to stay home in
midterms if they are to keep their
advantages in a state like that
well it's interesting too that Taylor
Swift is weighing in in Tennessee and
her endorsement of Phil Bredesen against
another woman and I am from the south
and I have a lot of good girlfriends who
live in Tennessee
they have told they over the past couple
of months I've just checked in with them
frequently on this race and something
that struck me one of them told me that
Marsha Blackburn ads on television were
just so fear-mongering and it just
really bothered her that it was she
always felt like Blackburn was talking
about child trafficking and all and
scared fear tactics and you know these
friends of mine grew up Republican
staunch Republican families and they're
they basically represent what I think is
happening a fundamental political
realignment with women and these are
their college-educated women who
probably aren't going to go back to
voting Republican and here's the thing
time for Adam Taylor Swift isn't just
adored by her fans and she is adored and
I have seen her with her fans she came
to the view and she stayed to sign every
autograph of every young woman in the
audience it's their mothers who shell
out three to five hundred dollars for
their tickets and gladly go with their
girlfriends their friends moms and watch
her so to think that Taylor Swift's
involvement in the midterms won't have
an impact with the group of voters that
do vote the moms of these young voters
is more Republican idiocy ya know I mean
we take celebrity endorsements so for
granted these days but remember back in
1944 when Frank Sinatra decided to
campaign for FDR's reelection it was a
really really it was a really
controversial because he risked
alienating half his audience so Taylor
Swift must know her audience well enough
to know that she's not gonna alienate
them but as as at least if she's gonna
energize them and that she's gonna take
a stand that's gonna make a difference
where she because why would she waste
her effort if she thought it was gonna
backfire and I bet you I would be
shocked if she didn't do some data
analytics before she did this the big
ones Dolly Parton out Dolly Parton
endorses Phil Bredesen that race is
really over because you probably watch
the dynamics and this race closer than
any of us what needs to happen in this
race I mean the other thing people don't
understand about midterms is these are
presidential races these are
congressional districts we're just
ticking up one to five percent can
totally change the outcome and this is a
hugely unusual Senate race I would add
even more unusual than a lot of the
other races that we're seeing where
Democrats are trying to win these red
states look Phil Bredesen was a
tremendously
popular moderate Democratic governor for
a lot of years in that state you know
astronomical approval ratings really if
this was a gubernatorial race where
there was not a Senate seat at stake
here he would have been a huge favorite
to win that would probably be running
away with it in this current environment
the fact is though this is one of 50
Senate seats and so voters tend to be
voting more along the lines of is this
going to add to Mitch McConnell's Senate
Majority is this person going to be
providing a vote for the next
conservative Supreme Court justice and
so you know I think that's where an
endorsement like this could potentially
have some impact because it gives people
a sense that maybe Phil Bredesen is a
little bit different maybe he is the
kind of person who could get a person
like Taylor Swift to to come forward and
actually become political for once you
know I don't know that this will
ultimately end up affecting much of
anything but this is a pivotal race when
it comes to Democrats majority math and
this is a very unusual race where
dynamics like this could play roles that
we just can't foresee right now so not a
lot of celebrities endorse a lot of
Republicans I don't have a lot of
experience in this but I wonder i do
democrat this seems like if this works
this would be the kind of celebrity
endorsement that Democrats should
welcome she's younger so she brings out
a group of the electorate that is not a
habitual midterm election voter she was
not heavy-handed there's something about
her tone perhaps like Sinatra I don't
remember the message exactly but but her
tone is has in mind that she can't and
doesn't want to alienate the part of her
base that that may not be to the left or
senator left of American politics and
her tactic you know she went to social
media which is where she's one-on-one
with the voters could could she be you
know making a new model for Democrats
yes I mean I think they're two really
important things here one is what
sometimes rubs voters the wrong way is
when celebrities do this talking to each
other so you see a bunch of people you
know here we are in Los Angeles at the
Oscars or the fundraiser and and they
seem distant from you and they're just
talking to each other about essentially
their own politics and it seems remote
this is Taylor Swift going right to her
fans who she has a very direct
connection with through social media and
using that platform to reach them it's
not her in some fundraiser or heard some
Hollywood
Hardy doing this the second thing that
matters here is the context of women we
have more women running on the
Democratic side than ever before in this
election cycle women are motivated you
see it in the women's March you see and
some of the protests we've seen and I
think this is of a piece of that and
these are the voters a young white
college educated voters who are going to
put Democrats over the top the top a lot
of these races so this is not the normal
celebrity thing that you can discount
the speech at the awards show this is
potentially a much more positive model
and Taylor Swift is actually from
Tennessee
much like Willie Nelson is actually from
Texas when he decided to weigh in so
these are two of the huge the the
greatest musical icons in American
history who have decided that they are
weighing in on the 2018 midterms and it
is unique this is a jumbo for the
political nerd Club gathering that is
the 4:00 p.m. the Kanye factor wants it
I mean you might call him a jackass and
while ago
Kanye's not swinging votes here I'm like
what is you know I don't see African
Americans moving with Kanye on this one
this is theater and frankly it undercuts
Trump's argument right because they like
to say oh the Democrats have all these
celebrities that doesn't matter
oh but I'm gonna roll out the red carpet
for Kanye at the White House so it kind
of cuts against the the armor he needs
frankly to repeal these Taylor Swift and
Willie Nelson endorsement okay I see and
I'm not good enough to get in the middle
like what are the intra Kanye vs. Taylor
grateful that you're here we've just
sneaked in our last break we will be
right back
you're watching MSNBC International when
we break news we have breaking news on
the president's legal battle you're
merely breaking the surface of the story
because beyond those two words is where
the details lie
president Trump's and Kim jong-un making
history where the facts are buried and
the only way to uncover the whole story
we have news just breaking tonight is to
dig deeper than anyone else did Eric
Holder the former attorney general of
the United States just tell you in a
live interview that he is thinking about
running for president he did indeed
you're such a better interviewer than I
adopted him the exact same thing and I
got the like you know I got I got the
absolute the the typical response and
then you just elucidate that from him
he's thinking about running for
president I you know I I think I sneak
up on people somehow yeah yeah you've
got something that I do not have
congratulations thank you very much it's
a divided country people ready to go
toe-to-toe on each and every issue like
I like a political fight as much as
anybody are we gonna get to some
decisions or just keep fight
America has to what we agree on
permanent underclass the most important
social program is spelled J all these
things can't happen without the proper
policies in place we have got to be
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
