join us now Pulitzer prize-winning
columnist and associate editor of The
Washington Post an MSNBC political
analyst Eugene Robinson Gene's new
column this morning is titled real
Americans are a myth
don't you dare buy it in it gene writes
the most offensive and corrosive idea in
our politics today is that some
Americans are more real than others the
whole point of democracy is that every
citizens voice is supposed to have equal
weight a third-generation Kentucky coal
miner and a goateed Brooklyn barista
should have equal say in charting the
course of the nation Trump cleverly uses
cultural racial and Geographic markers
to define who is real and who is not and
the Republican Party to its eternal
shame has decided to go along enough
it's time to call out this ugly charade
for what it is
progressives have to speak to those left
behind by wrenching economic and social
chains but our voices are as authentic
and as worthy as anyone elses
I am a real American to deal with it
gene good morning good to see you so
what are you egging this to what is it
that the president said exactly that set
off the column you know there was just
this is just a pet peeve Willie it's
something that that works on me and I
just sometimes these things just sort of
build up until they really need to get
written the given day apropos of nothing
in particular was going on in the news
although I guess I did think back and
mention the column to the to the the the
evening of the White House
Correspondents Dinner went when Matt's
lap and who's the head of the American
Conservative Union and it's white
Mercedes who's the White House director
of strategic communications got so
offended at the at the jokes about the
president and about Sarah Sanders that
that they left the dinner and and she
tweets that you know this is why
everybody hates the out-of-touch elite
on leftist media and they daily tweeted
about elites while in a limousine on the
way to the NBC afterparty
you know I mean you
they're they're nice couple they just
bought a three million dollar house
they're very successful there are leet
by any reasonable definition of the word
yet we sort of let conservatives get
away with this
false notion that that all of them are
somehow real and all of us are so I mean
gene what about what about the talk show
talk radio hosts and non show hosts yeah
that that play that play populist that
you make why that made hundred a hundred
million dollars and it may be exact make
you and me look like pikers here they're
just regular guy you know like 12 more
apartment complexes or whatever and no
seriously the stupidity of it all that
we're supposed to take first of all
Donald Trump is a populist and and these
other clowns is populist even and and
they're somehow representing real
America well they're actually doing is
they're they're trying to figure out how
to make more money for themselves
exactly and very successfully a meter as
that as that recent the China Indonesia
story you just told us about that tells
us at least the the Trump families doing
fine and and in fact you know all these
folks are doing very well under this
this regime they got a tax cut that
showers its benefits on on those who
were on that front Donald Trump passes
tax cuts he goes down to moral Lago he's
sitting around the table with a bunch of
billionaires and he's sitting there it
his at his mansion in in Palm Beach and
says hey I just made you all a lot of
money now what I guess what I can't
understand is I can't understand at what
point do people wake up to the fact that
what Donald Trump ran on
running against the entrenched elite at
what point do they pick up on the fact
that he hasn't followed through that in
fact his policies are the least populist
policies you know in in modern American
history if you look at the tax cut if
you look at just about everything else
he's done economically plus like you
said he's lining his own pocket all by
doing bills with other countries well
you know if I were if I were advising
the Democratic Party I would say you
know the first step in that is that is
that Democrats have to start I have to
stop buying into this notion that oh
dear we're out of that sort of touch
with the real America and there and
somehow in touch there they're not
really they have managed to to develop
the the sort of rhetorical appeal and
culture is why can't the Democrats do
that why can't the dinner well why can't
the Democrats yeah and just just for one
second stop being so out of touch with
with people that I mean all you have to
do is look at the counties yeah that
that went Democratic and all of the
counties that went Republican and here
it really is it's along the coastlines
it's in a couple of cities and said what
this is a bigger question for Democrats
why are they so out of touch outside of
urban centers well you know I have I
have said when you you know when the
dust settled from from the 2016 election
and people started asking well what what
you know who's gonna run in 2020 what's
a you know how are they gonna do that
and and I've always said that this has
to start from the ground up and I think
you know if you look at the at the
candidates Democratic candidates that
have been recruited across the country
to run in the midterms and the sort of
Oregon grassroots organizing this going
on I think that process may be underway
now I don't want to be you know to sort
of you know
overly I want to we don't want to get
ahead of what's actually happened and
we'll see the result but I think that's
the way it happens I think it happens
from the ground up I I think one
despairs that frankly that it would
happen from the top down given the the
failure of you know Democrats in
Washington right to do the obvious no
alright Eugene Robinson thank you so
much we'll be reading your latest piece
and today's Washington Post it's a great
one and coming up reports of tension
between Trump and pens teams is the
president now dispatching one of his
loyalists to help keep the vice
president in check huh Morning Joe is
coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
