Richard we're gonna get to the news but
one of one of the more concerning days
in the Middle East and sometime you
could look at the chaos as the Wall
Street Journal says that spread across
Gaza and across the region yesterday you
could also look at what happened in Iraq
and America sworn enemy throughout most
of the Iraq war actually his his his
group of politicians doing better than
anybody else really does show you what a
waste an absolute waste of time money
resources life the United States engaged
in over the past decade trying to make a
rock into a Jeffersonian democracy
they're not they're not any Thomas
Jefferson's over there I mean there
aren't even any al capone's over there
if you look at the results from
yesterday yeah I don't think the
bookstores in Iraq have sold out the
Arabic translations of the Federalist
Papers what you have is Iran still with
heavy influence all sorts of
factionalism and again it raises
fundamental questions which i think is
what you're getting at about the idea of
being ambitious when it comes to trying
to change the political DNA of countries
and it really reinforces not for the
first time but for the umpteenth time
the wisdom will lack a bit of getting
have having gotten ambitious in Iraq and
then the situation between Israelis and
Palestinians beyond questions of
tactically what's happened at the border
it really shows how neither side neither
the Palestinians nor Israel has any
strategy for dealing with their
situation what we have is essentially
violence in the absence of a strategy
for doing their side and and David
Ignatius have been saying for some time
and we've all been noting for some time
that there unique opportunities in the
Middle East because the Sunni Arab
nations have drawn closer to Israel in
in their alliance against a growing
Iranian threat
across that region but at this point
when you have the images that we had
yesterday the split screen out of Israel
that we had yesterday at some point it
really doesn't matter what see see in
Egypt thinks about the Palestinians are
or what MBs in Saudi Arabia thinks
whether he's a tired of the Palestinian
cause or not this this actually causes
unrest across the region does it not and
actually makes it more difficult for us
to move forward with our Sunni allies
these images the contrast will shock
people in the Middle East it should be a
shocking contrast for people all over
the world that degree of violence 58
dead 2700 injured is extraordinary I
have to say that the Gulf Arabs the
Saudis the Emiratis it still have a
nominal commitment to the Palestinian
cause they say all the right things
certainly their people get upset but
there is a way in which there they're
more focused it's it's it's a fact
they're more focused now on on Iran I
think that's one reason Israel feels
more comfortable dealing with this and
in the way that it thinks it needs to so
there is a way in which the Palestinian
issue gets less focused than it did at
any time since I've been covering the
Middle East and that goes back to
nineteen 1980 but this was a day when
you just saw the blockage to really echo
what Richard Richard Haass was saying
the obstacles in the way of moving
forward in the Middle East moving
forward for Israel to the kind of state
Israelis want and want to celebrate and
moving forward in Iraq toward something
more stable it's still a long way to go
and myka it for the rest of the world
you actually saw an administration a
White House and we'll say it since
Ivanka Trump was there a family
completely out of touch with the
realities of the reason that they're
dealing with
and you know it you you had 55 55 people
killed yesterday 58 58 and you had a
split screen of what looked like a VIP
tent at the Belmont Stakes and and they
just they don't care seem totally
oblivious to what was going on
nuttin not so far away so the
International Committee of the Red Cross
warned that the health system in Gaza is
quote on the verge of collapse due to
strain several nations have called for
an emergency meeting of the UN Security
Council with the Palestinian rep calling
the Israeli actions in Gaza quote war
crimes NATO ally Turkey has declared
three days of mourning in solidarity
with the protests it is also announced
it's withdrawing its ambassadors to
Israel and the United States for turkeys
president Erdogan also says there will
be a big demonstration in Istanbul on
Friday of Turkey wants to withdraw from
NATO at the same time that's fine with
him with yeah the Israeli military says
it acted after nearly 40,000 people
descended on the border with fire bombs
and explosive devices and rocks as part
of violent riots in an attempt to breach
the border fence including some who
attempted to set a bomb at one section
of that fence others reportedly sent
flaming kites into Israel presidential
advisor Jared Kushner mentioned the
protests in his comments at the embassy
opening yesterday by moving our embassy
to Jerusalem we have shown the world
once again that the United States can be
trusted we stand with our friends and
our allies and above all else we've
shown that the United States of America
will do what's right President Trump was
very clear that his decision and today's
celebration do not reflect a departure
from our strong commitment to lasting
peace a peace that overcomes the
conflicts of the past in order to give
our children a brighter and more
boundless future as we have seen from
the protests of the last month and even
to
those provoking violence are part of the
problem and not part of the solution
we're aware of the reports of continued
violence in Gaza today the
responsibility for these tragic deaths
rests squarely with Hamas Hamas is
intentionally and cynically provoking
this response and as the Secretary of
State said Israel has the right to
defend itself so the be clear does the
u.s. not agree with the French the
Israeli authorities should exercise
discretion and just restraint we believe
that Hamas is responsible for what's
going on there's no responsibility on
that on the Israeli authorities kill at
will what I'm saying is that we believe
that Hamas as an organization is engaged
in cynical action that's leading to
these deaths the White House's official
transcript of Kushner's remarks did not
include the part where he blames the
protesters for the violence so Richard
Haass is you watch these scenes play out
yesterday on television the world
watches them play out you know
Palestinian said from the moment the
idea was floated of moving the embassy
to Jerusalem that this would take any
peace deal off the table that Americans
were not good faith partners in that act
as you watch yesterday
can you imagine peace talks that Jared
Kushner was supposed to have initiated
and supposed to be overseeing now for
the last 16 months or so no the short
answers no the long answer is know what
yesterday showed is not just as the
Israelis don't have a tactical policy a
good pact for dealing with the pressure
at the border but they don't have a
strategic policy about how to create a
context in which the Palestinians have
any sense that the future is going to be
better for that matter neither did the
Palestinians what the US has done is
essentially taken itself largely out of
the game because the idea that we could
be legitimately accepted a so-called
honest broker and play a role acceptable
to both sides is increasingly is
increasingly suspect so yesterday was
about as you know just when you think
things can't get worse in the Middle
East what yesterday shows no actually
they can and what you have here in Gaza
think about this is a place I think I've
mentioned yesterday it's got it's got
the most dense population in the world
somewhere between one and a half and two
million people in a place maybe what
twice the size of Washington DC
two-thirds of the people two-thirds are
under 25 years old
so this is more than just Hamas
orchestrating it yeah Hamas is pushing
things but Hamas is also running beef up
behind to catch up so it doesn't lose
any sense of leadership there this is a
situation that where people are hopeless
they're gonna do dangerous and suicidal
things that's what we saw yesterday and
the long-term strategic question for the
United States and Israel is how do we
change this dynamic you do not want to
have images like this you do not want to
have this reality day after day after
day so the question is again what do we
do to change this dynamic I heard
nothing yesterday well it suggests that
we have even at the slightest clue about
how to change this dynamic you know in
timing is everything
I supported I know when I was in
Congress I supported moving the embassy
to Jerusalem at some point I think about
every president that's run has also
supported moving the embassy to
Jerusalem over the past certainly
Republican presidents have supported
that over the past you know 20-30 years
isn't it - yeah yeah you know no Clinton
did as well but if you look at this
special time this is for anybody that
really knows how to negotiate this is
Jonathan this is one of the worst times
in the world to do this because we have
our enemies on their back on their back
Hills whoever they are across the Middle
East you have you have again the Arab
states the Sunni Arab states actually on
our side willing to work with us we
could if we could present ourselves as
honest brokers to the Middle East Minh
the Middle East we could we could
actually sit down with the Palestinians
and say hey listen you know you're in
worse shape than you've been in in 40
years let's strike an honorable deal for
you we can eat you know obviously
Netanyahu is not a an honest broker over
there never has been never will be but
to take a situation like this where
we're actually again the United States
and our Sunni allies are aligned and
and do something that would provoke this
sort of backlash without laying the the
the proper steps it's just it's
short-sighted and it is going to cause
the situation they get even worse yes is
another example of the White House
beings for reactionary with that much of
strategic vision this is about president
Donald Trump fulfill a campaign promise
he said we I'm going to be the president
that moves the embassy to Jerusalem we
know time and time again we know what an
appeal it holds for him when he can do
something that his predecessors could or
did not do and we're seeing that here
again we're seeing him once again
showcase his kids close ties with Prime
Minister Netanyahu that that is
something one of his closest allies and
he wants to deliver this for the
Republican base
you know conservatives whether it's
Sheldon Adelson or not people who have
pushed him to say this is something we
want you to get done Jared Kushner being
there someone who was taking a real
backseat we haven't seen much of Jared
recently and to have him so front and
center yesterday out there with that
drew very dramatic split-screen of the
the Country Club ask atmosphere of the
embassy dedication ceremony with the
violence only 60 odd miles away and it
could also go share with in the White
House how Middle East peace has become
far less of a priority but we know in
our reporting that the president you
know when he first came to office he saw
a deal there as his chance to rewrite
the history books suggesting even two in
one Oval Office conversation that he
could do it in his first term he
wouldn't even need a second term to get
that deal done but his focus has shifted
North Korea is where he is now that's
where he sees the chance to do something
that he'll be remembered forever and he
is you know this is not where his focus
is right now instead his focus is
delivering a campaign promise to his
base and shoring up ties with non Yahoo
tech make a point about negotiations and
diplomacy excite ride at the Middle East
and failed with everybody else just
because you have the right to something
to do something just because the United
States had the right to move its embassy
to Jerusalem doesn't mean it was the
right thing to do and it certainly
doesn't mean this was the right time to
do it and this was the right context
you've got to make a situation better at
the moment we did this in the absence of
a larger diplomacy we didn't ask
anything of Israel in exchange
didn't give anything to the Palestinians
in exchange we could have done this and
it could have been done with I think
without this violence if we had packaged
it right if it had been part of
something larger but to single it out to
do it in isolation to do it in the
absence of a larger process this is the
result of doing things clearly I think
the most amazing thing is that we didn't
ask that in Yahoo or anything for this
we never do right and and to move to to
move this embassy in Jerusalem and get
nothing in return from Israel that means
the art of down the road it's just that
same we're still making I could imagine
or at least to try to give some kind of
an olive branch to the Palestinians
something that say yes we're moving this
but here's what you get out of it as
well and make it part of a larger
package Casey what's the reaction been
like on Capitol Hill over the last 24
hours obviously we've heard the White
House line in support of Israel's
actions along the border what do they
say on Capitol Hill well Willie I mean
this the question of whether to move the
embassy at all it actually does break
down along somewhat unexpected lines
mean normally it's easy to tell hey you
know so and so especially if they have a
democratic title is going to be opposed
to whatever President Trump may have
done but in this particular case you
have people like Senator Chuck Schumer
the Democratic leader praising the
administration's actions here so it's
important to remember that sometimes
this issue breaks down along difficult
lines but I think you know Congress is
going to be back in force today and I
think you're already starting to hear
these kind of concerns about you know
exactly what what you were just laying
out the reaction to this the way that
the administration did this that
resulted in such a dramatic loss of life
kind of the the Israeli actions and
whether that they were in proportion you
know to what was required here and I'm
actually interested Richard Haass we've
talked a lot recently this is you know
this also comes you know as the US has
pulled out of the Iran deal of course
somewhat at the urging of Bibi Netanyahu
there was quiet support from from Arab
nations there I mean what if it what
role are they playing now in the
israeli-palestinian conflict because
they had been happy in in past decades
to kind of allow you know stoke that it
gave them you know more entrenched power
in their own countries are they
criticizing Israel right now
well they're only criticizing Israel to
dissent they have to the populations of
many of the Sunni Arab countries are
more sympathetic to the Palestinians
than the governments quite honestly the
government's would like this issue to go
away in the case of Egypt so they can
focus on domestic challenges in the case
of Saudi Arabia and others so they can
focus on Iran but I think what we're
going to find out if the governments
aren't going to have the total freedom
to do that because again this issue
still resonates with populations and
when the TV images of this are beamed
around the Arab world it'll show that
this issue still has a lot of residents
a lot of traction with the public's and
it will actually reign in what
governments can and cannot do so Joe you
mentioned this at the top of the show
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
