we're back in as we said the president
fulfilled a major campaign promise today
with the opening of the US Embassy in
Jerusalem but as the elaborate
dedication ceremony took place with
high-profile guests like Ivanka Trump
and Jared Kushner on hand less than 60
miles away at the Gaza border huge
protests turned decidedly and suddenly
deadly 56 Palestinians were killed
before we talk about it let's get a
right late report from NBC News chief
foreign correspondent Richard Engel in
Jerusalem outrage boiled over in the
Gaza Strip today well just 60 miles
north that seemed like a world away
ovations for president Trump in
Jerusalem daughter Ivanka helping do the
honors unveiling the new embassy seal we
welcomed you officially and for the
first time to the embassy of the United
States here in Jerusalem the capital of
Israel thank you
also there her husband and Middle East
adviser Jared Kushner we've shown that
the United States of America will do
what's right and so we have president
Trump appeared in a recorded message
saying the embassy moved from Tel Aviv
keeps a campaign promise the United
States under President Harry Truman
became the first nation to recognize the
State of Israel today we officially
opened the United States Embassy in
Jerusalem congratulations
Jerusalem is a divided city Palestinian
Arabs in the East Jewish Israelis in the
West today the u.s. recognized Israel's
claim to all of the city forever
president Trump is now entering into
Israel's history books previous US
administrations had promised to do this
move moving the embassy here to
Jerusalem but had deferred the decision
fearing it could cause an outbreak of
violence in the volatile Middle East and
today that's exactly what happened tear
gas and bloodshed in the gun
trip where some two million Palestinians
are sealed off from the outside world
protesters marched toward Israel's
closed and heavily defended border
NBC's Matt Bradley was there tens of
thousands of Palestinian protesters have
been trying since this morning to breach
that border into Israel the reaction
from Israel with sniper fire and
artillery has led to more deaths here
cameras captured protesters falling
after being shot many in Gaza feel they
have nothing to lose
better to die for a principle they are
claim to Jerusalem Brian some people
dismissed this embassy move as purely
symbolic transferring the ambassador's
office from one building one city to
another but it has very real-world
consequences Palestinians tomorrow are
planning even more demonstrations in
Gaza that could be even deadlier and
look what's happening here in Jerusalem
tonight they are projecting images on
the old city walls of the Israeli flag
the American flag and the words Thank
You President Trump so this is not just
symbolic this is historic and lives are
at stake
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
