Trump Watts Monday May 14 2018 an
American comedian once asked what did
reality ever do for me I get it
in the world of creative entertainment
you can build your success by doing what
works in that world funniest money Mel
Brooks once said so as long as you stay
in that world of entertainment you can
plot your path within it you must be a
fascist about your own career one
Hollywood veteran once observed but
Donald Trump has since his entry into
politics and now the American presidency
venture beyond the world of
entertainment and into the real world
that surrounds it when he announced he
would move the American Embassy from Tel
Aviv he took one of those steps in that
world and we are learning the real-world
consequences consequences soundly
predicted and therefore avoided by every
president before him because to move the
embassy was to say to the Arab world we
the United States we're going to exclude
the Arab world from any shared Jerusalem
the city Muslims hold sacred because
Mohammed is held in Islamic faith to
have descended to heaven from it so
today and tomorrow and in the days to
come we will learn again the effect when
Donald Trump king of reality TV s Johnny
Carson was once king of night of
late-night steps beyond the bubble of
televised drama into the much more
unpredictable and dire in consequence of
the real world we have reason to believe
that mr. Trump does not understand there
is a difference
he believes for example that he and Sean
Hannity are in the same business they
are not shown as a TV star Donald is
President of the United States a real
country in a real world and I'm afraid
we will spend the next years learning
the difference even if until it's way
beyond too late to matter he does not
and that's hardball for now thanks for
being with us
Owen with Chris Hayes starts right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
