I have no but I will be at some point I
know nothing right I know what everybody
else does nothing
welcome back that was President Trump
earlier today responding to a question
about Saudi journalist Jamal khashoggi a
critic of the Saudi government who
vanished last week after entering the
Saudi Arabia's consulate in Istanbul
Turkish officials say he was killed
there and allegation Saudi officials are
denying an image from a security camera
that appears to show Khashoggi walking
into the consulate last week we've seen
no evidence that he ever walked out a
State Department spokesman today said
that secretary Pompey was spoken with
Saudi officials and that the u.s. does
not know what happened at Khashoggi vice
president pence tweeted that he's deeply
troubled about reports of Khashoggi
death adding violence against
journalists across the globe is a threat
to freedom the press and human rights
with me now is someone I don't get to
see often a person it's Richard angle
corresponding nice to see you sir this
is alarming
just to say the least does anybody
believe Jamal Khashoggi is alive it's
possible there are two working theories
in in Istanbul among security officials
they are definitely leaning toward one
which is that he's dead but the other
working theory is that this was a
rendition that this was an attempt by
the Saudis to grab khashoggi to bring
him out of the country for interrogation
two to work him over to try and teach
him a lesson to try and change him and
convert him and that that rendition may
have gone badly that he may have died in
the process and they suddenly had a body
on their hands so two working theories
one they they meant to grab him and did
grab him the other is they meant to grab
him and kill him and then had to dispose
of the body
khashoggi was a critic of NBS Mohammed
had been filmed the current crown
perhaps called essentially running the
country and he called him kind of what
we're seeing now he called him impulsive
he said that he didn't think through his
decisions that he was authoritarian and
in his last interview which he gives in
BBC three days before he disappeared he
said he was afraid to go home here's
think he could go
it appears there's more outrage at the
Washington Post then there is the State
Department well that is a big issue here
there are mb/s the the Crown Prince
who's the de facto ruler has a lot of
allies he has an ally in Jared Kushner
he has an ally to a degree in Israel he
has a strong ally in the UAE he has a
strong ally in Egypt he's a strong ally
in the Trump administration these are
powerful people these are people who
would not like to cause a major
controversy to to off to a friend to
someone they hope will deliver a broad
expansive peace in the Middle East
there's been this working theory that
NBS is going to be this pragmatic Sunni
leader that is going to make peace with
the Israelis and help that that's this
is he's gonna allow women to drive see
if there's modernizing right this has
been this pragmatic hope I guess that's
the argument I Jared Kushner makes or
Prime Minister Netanyahu makes right he
is a dynamic transformative figure and
mes is changing Saudi Arabia is changing
the way the country works since it was
founded in its modern history by ebin
Saud it has worked one way where the
sons of eben Saud
brother to brother to brother to brother
and have become Kings it's it's not what
you normally think of as a monarchy it
moved laterally from brother to brother
because he had doesn't go down on a tree
it goes across branches right that's
just because he been salad had 45 male
children right most of which survived to
adulthood the concern now among all the
other members of the royal family is
that now it's going to change and it's
gonna go from King Salman to his son MBS
Mohammed bin Salman bin Salman means son
of Salman right to his grandson and
great grandson and it would change the
monarchy forever and the rest of the
Royals would be cut out
well Saudi Arabia pay a price if they if
essentially the world community
including the Western Allies can prove
they were behind his death if they can't
find a body I think it'll be very
difficult to make Saudi Arabia pay a
price because at this stage it is sort
of a he-said she-said the Turkish
Turkish
officials by the way mostly unnamed
Turkish officials because the Turks
don't want to pick a open war with Saudi
Arabia the Turkish economy is is state
of a collapse they're gonna pick up
giant fight with Saudi Arabia right now
they're putting a lot of pressure on
Saturday but they want this problem to
go away but right now it's effectively a
he-said she-said with Turkish officials
leaking to the press this is what they
think happened there were these convoys
that left the consulate there were these
planes that mysteriously took off from
the from chartered planes from Saudi
Arabia that left the airport but they
don't have a body that American
president today that was asked about
Jamal khashoggi said I've read about
reports he didn't seem to be concerned
he didn't come he may be concerned he
didn't express concern he didn't issue a
warning to the Saudis I hope what I'm
hearing isn't true anything like though
and he was saying well I don't know it's
a he-said he-said she-said isn't that
already given really is that giving a
permission slip or is that is the I get
let me ask it this way what are the
unintended consequences the United
States is not calling out Saudi Arabia
this United States isn't calling out
China over what they've done to the head
of the Interpol are these related issues
or not I think it might be too broad of
a brush to say they're all related they
are to a degree and that the this
president decides respects power
respects people who use power seems to
be have a penchant for authoritarian
leaders so yes they're all related
conceptually but what I was trying to
say is there's a he's he's making an
equivalency that well the Saudi said
they didn't do it
and the Turks say they did but the Turks
also have planes they have convoy
vehicles they have images of khashoggi
going into a valise they have some
evidence which they have been showing to
reporters and all the Saudis so far have
said is we don't know anything about it
he came to the consulate and he left and
never saw him again they have never been
able to pursue piece of evidence that
he's alive Richard Engel this is quite
the story I hope hope you stay on it
thank you you will be hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
their videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning in the first Street
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
