welcome back Democrats are experiencing
some growing pains in their quest for
control of Congress do they play to the
middle or go out with policies like
single-payer health care and a federal
jobs guarantee as NBC's Benji Starling
right some Democrats say President Trump
has changed the rules and that they need
bolder ideas to steal back the spotlight
at the same time there's risk because
raising voter expectations too high
could also lead to disillusionment
if those making the promises can't
deliver once in power national Democrats
say they're trying to be pragmatic
they've been embracing candidates closer
to the political center in hopes that
they can win in places currently held by
Republicans like Pennsylvania Democrat
Connor Lamb who is now a congressman
after winning a special election in
March but that is not going over well
with the liberal base which wants
Democrats to go hard or go home joining
me now is Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley
one of the most progressive members of
the Democratic caucus so senator I will
pose that question to you do you go down
the middle or do you veer to the left
Acadia this type of midterm election you
really seek to have folks who fit their
district but let's recognize this the
districts have moved far to the left
these movements the me to the never
again the black lives matter movements
are about the fact that people are
absolutely frustrated and fed up with
the status quo in America and think it's
time for dramatic change well you
co-sponsor in the single-payer health
care bill and also the Federal jobs
guarantee do you think the Democrats
should get on board with big messages
like that are you worried that are you
worried about any backlash if you can't
deliver on them well I do a lot of town
halls in very Republican districts I
have 22 of the reddest Republican
districts to be found in America in my
home state of Oregon and I can tell you
when when I talk about the importance of
in changing the conflicting stressful
five health care plan system we have
where you're always having to reapply
and change plans and talk about a simple
seamless strategy so you get care when
you need it when you're sick or injured
your child is sick or injured people
like it even in conservative areas
they are stressed out by the complexity
of our system and the rising healthcare
costs so I think even in conservative
districts if you're not willing to take
on the drug companies and the rising
cost of healthcare and the complexity of
our system you're missing a significant
opportunity are you convincing
conservative voters though because many
conservative voters vote for candidates
who wanted to repeal the Affordable
Health Care Act well I'll tell you when
people come to my town halls in
2009-2010 and why are you supporting
this plan and they'd stand up and say
why don't you listen to us I say I'll do
one better I will describe the
fundamentals of the plan one after
another and everybody in the room can
vote step forward step backwards and
after 90% of the people in these
conservative districts voted step
forward on making for example preventive
measures free for having a marketplace
where you could compare policies to
having tax credits so people in the
middle class could afford policies to
get rid of the the use of pre-existing
conditions to screen people out of the
health care system suddenly the room was
going well we knew we were told there
was something wrong with this but now we
kind of like it and it's it's it's this
really the powerful nature of a bill of
rights for for health care in America
that is it resounds successfully even in
conservative areas um
Democrats have repeatedly been the
nominating center-left candidates and
those candidates have so far done pretty
well more centrist maybe they're maybe
they're good for those particular
districts but what happens if more
senator left candidates get voted into
the House or potentially the Senate
while there are some very progressive
came at candidates promising very big
things how do you come together and rule
in a or not rule but govern in a
unanimous way if you are in the
majorities in a way that's not like the
Republicans are trying to govern right
now where there's a lot of different
factions who want a lot of different
things in the centrists are essentially
or actually getting pushed out of
Congress right now or they're retiring
well the whole theory of our government
is people come together bringing very
disparate ideas and we work to
find a common path forward and certainly
not going to find all Democrats marching
in lockstep nor would we ever expect
that well why do expect it is a very
serious dialogue about the ways to
address long-standing festering problems
the fact that it's much harder to get at
a living wage
in America today than it was before it's
much harder to buy a home than it was 40
years ago it's it's it's much more
difficult to even in the health care
realm have steady health care with the
fact that it's changing with every job
you have I mean these fundamental
challenges of the kitchen table in terms
of housing and health care the cost of
college education and certainly living
wage jobs that's the bread and butter
that is make-it-or-break-it for working
america and i think every democrat in
every district better be paying a lot of
attention to those four issues part of
the reason that Donald Trump got elected
was a desire for somebody to come in and
force the two sides to work together - I
don't know throw a bomb in the system
and force it to start working again
because Republicans and Democrats have
not been working for the past god it's
been ten years now are you also should
you also be campaigning on a promise a
real promise that you can fulfill to
work with the other side to make sure
that Congress works to get things done
so that we don't I don't know if you
want the Iran deal it's a treaty instead
of an executive order that sort of thing
things that are not easy to unravel with
just a new administration the president
Trump was not elected about bringing
people together he's been the divider in
chief when he was campaigning he's been
the divider in chief when he's been
serving he's attacked virtually every
group of Americans veteran Americans
women Americans Haitian Americans
African Americans Latino Americans
Americans with disabilities the list
goes on and on I think there is
therefore a great thirst in America to
remember our Pledge of Allegiance one
nation under God indivisible in that
single word we celebrate the fact that
we come from multitudinous backgrounds
and bring those differences together to
weave a fabric of a very powerful very
beautiful very successful nation and I
think there's there's going to be a lot
of pull to return to those fundamental
values of coming together as a nation
instead of the divisive attacks that the
president is undertaking I misspoke
executive order I met executive
agreement I understand that about Donald
Trump and and I don't think that a lot
of folks will argue with you on how
device if he has been but there were
people out there and I spoke to them who
really just wanted some sort of change
and thought that Donald Trump as
somebody who wasn't an ideologue would
be able to affect that and that's more
my question is there a duty for those
that are that are running for office and
in office right now to try and find a
way to come together across the
ideological divide to make things start
working in Congress again to pass things
well we should absolutely be always
endeavoring to connect across the aisle
and I I find it is is possible and
modest things I've worked with
Republicans on the the issue of enabling
our farmers to drive their trucks across
their farm trucks across the border
rather than having to switch to an
intercontinental truck issues like
mothers being able to go back to to work
and have the flexibility and time to be
able to pump breast milk that makes good
for the children good for the mothers
and that list goes on and on and on the
challenge we are facing is on the bigger
issues that there is a real incentive
particularly with the third party money
in politics the koch brother type money
that is absolutely runs third party
campaigns all the ads are negative
they are absolutely vicious they're all
about dividing us and then we should
recognize that the Republicans are still
working to divide us they are still
using social media to amplify any issues
that come up between rural America and
urban America or on social issues so we
have to resist those impulses so we'll
be able to work together here in
Congress on on big issues big issues
that take us back to succeeding on
housing and health care and education
not borrowing a trillion and a half
dollars from our children and then
giving it to the wealthiest Americans
that's the biggest bank heist in history
and that's what just happened Senator
Jeff Merkley senator thank you very much
for joining us you're welcome thank you
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meet
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
