all right moving on the Wall Street
Journal reports Michael Cohen took an
aggressive approach to profit from his
relationship with Donald Trump would
have ever seen that young the report
they report that Cohen also offered
consulting services to Ford and uber
which both rejected his overtures the
journal and Detroit Free Press report
the special counsel Robert Muller's
office contacted Ford requesting
information on Cohen's outreach and has
interviewed Ford's head of government
affairs The Journal reports that uber
cited Cohen's New York taxi business as
a potential conflict of interest when
rejecting his offer and that he then
modified his approach to remind the
company that he was quote the
president's lawyer Cohen's overall pitch
was blunt telling prospective clients
that they should fire whomever was
advising them and saying quote I have
the best relationship with the president
on the outside and you need to hire me
according to a person familiar with
Cohen's approach so so Nick this is not
how business is usually done among
lobbyists I know people of de NOC
lobbyists but there are rules and there
are even for consultants and they're a
way to do things and the way not to do
things this is the way this is for
people at home that think this is how it
usually happens it is not this is this
is your regular and it is it is wrong
it's a parody of how Washington works in
the real life right so yes relationships
are important in Washington and
lobbyists cloak these discussions in in
in in expertise and they say I'm an
expert on the process on legislation and
there's some truth in that it's rare to
get the hardcore play of simply I have a
relationship and if you want in you
should pay me he ran around in this
really ham-fisted way I remember hearing
about it in 2017 and saying I have the
president's cell phone I'm his friend I
can't get to him you don't usually see
it that baldly stated and in one sense
it's refreshing to actually hear the
proposition stated so clearly pay
deployed back but on the other like it
kind of runs counter to the way the K
Street the lobbying community has tried
to cloak what it does for
years and years because somebody not
registered as a lobbyist if not a
lobbyist Lee's Jordan lawyer or fixer
and what's the adjective before
bumbling lawyer corrupt lawyer bumbling
fixer corrupt honestly I just had this
I'm this image of Michael Cohen just
looking going through LinkedIn and just
looking at all the different businesses
who have interest in DC and it's like oh
maybe I'll maybe we'll put out a feeler
there and like you know reaching out and
I mean it honestly is a microcosm for
just the level of ineptitudes I guess we
should maybe be heartened that he's that
enacted legalized corruption and trying
to get in there as a lobbyist but it's
just a sad reflection on how everyone
involved with the Trump administration
they can't even do the things that
corrupt people have been able to manage
he gets caught well that takes us
perfectly to our next story president
Trump's newest lawyer Rudy Giuliani kept
up his rapid pace of comments this
weekend saying he was unsure when or
even if Michael Cullen has stopped
working as the president's personal
lawyer quote as far as we know he's not
he's not what stopped work okay so wait
we're back Juliana this he told that to
Politico on Friday he added that the
president's current legal team has never
really determined a precise day when
Cowan stepped away the president
referred to Cowan as one of my personal
attorneys after the raid on currents
offices on April 9th and then tweeted
attorney-client privilege his dead on
April 10th the White House has
sidestepped questions on Cohen's status
The Wall Street Journal reports that
Cohen bragged about his relationship
with the president a source said Cohen
told lawyers at the firm Squier patton
boggs he could call the boss at any time
but Giuliani characterized Trump and
Cullen's conversations as being all
about politics and early on maybe about
the Russia investigation before Cohen
came under scrutiny of Cohen's business
deals Giuliani says the president said
to him quote I had no idea he's
they never lobbied me here is the
president late last month telling Fox
what he knew about Cohen's work Michael
is in business he's really a businessman
a fairly big business as I understand it
I don't know his business but this
doesn't have to do with me Michael is a
businessman he's got a business he also
practices law I would say probably the
big thing is his business and they look
into something having to do with this
business I have nothing to do with this
business he writes he writes one word
there are a phrase in front of him
before every interview sometimes it's no
collusion we're going to light the no
collusion Christmas tree no collusion
later this afternoon
no collude so this time was business
he's a businessman business Michael has
a business it's a big business I think I
don't know but I've been told it's a big
business but most of the stuff that he
does has to do with business because
he's a businessman not my business is
business of course and I understand it's
a fairly good business but I don't know
because they don't know what his
business is so we got that from Fox &
Friends and now we have Rudy right
taking taking his his metals off well
there's so many there's so many from the
Queen and his sword yes taking his sword
and and then saying oh wait no he could
it can still be his lawyer maybe it's
not about business well look the entire
problem for the president and for Cohen
is this question mark around his
business and where it overlaps with the
president's business right Cohen is a
guy who is flipping real estate in
suspicious ways he was buying taxi
medallions he was being a fixer he was
settling claims for the president he was
paying off affairs for the president
right so obviously part of his big big
big business was working for the
president and part of his big business
was telling companies he could get to
the president so yeah it's not like
there's this like bright line between
cones business he was going to companies
that were in trouble with the
administration
and pitching himself as a fixer to them
and you know it's it's still unclear
exactly who that money was for who was
getting paid was it lobbying was it
something else
we don't know Richard I've got to say a
year and a half and the incompetence of
all of these people its Elise said I
mean they're not even good at lying you
know it's that David Geffen quote the
Clintons are unusually good liars
well Donald Trump and those around him
unusually bad liars and manin it's just
so obvious it's just one crumb after
another crime after another crumb they
leave laid out but I just wonder how a
year and a half we have a president said
he was gonna hire the best people have
nothing but the best people around him
and it really is surrounded especially
in in his personal dealings and it's his
staffing around him at the White House
well the most and history will prove
this I'm not being mean about it it's
true with the most incompetent staff
members around him in the White House in
the history of the White House
we've got incompetence and you've got
many cases shall we say questionable
judgment corruption it's at hawk on
steroids you got the wrong people even a
decision we talk about Iran a minute ago
the idea that a magician like would be
taken without an NSC meeting right
without a morgue I consider eight pros
in the various considerations that tells
you something all right we got a fixer
Mike so also and by the way the White
House can't give us priority can't give
us clarity on what he does I mean what
is what does yeah job yeah and what
Cohen does about you know it if they
can't do that then there's no there's no
it changes reason for the press office
it changes every day yeah and by the way
this is my point is that's an end that's
a question they should be able to answer
but this is Trump and Giuliani just sort
of winging it and it's right it's
something that the staff has been
complaining about for some time Jon
Meacham that
that Trump and Giuliani just get into
the room and sort of wing it they both
live in their own alternate realities at
times Trump especially and and what's
unbelievable is nobody sat down in a
room and said okay let's figure out what
happened when it happened and even if
they don't want to do the right thing
they're not even sitting down saying
okay what's their story what do we tell
people Giuliani has been just spitting
outwards now for the past two weeks
contradicting himself every day this
would be as if you know we talked about
past administrations this would be as if
Jimmy Carter had Billy Carter as his
personal lawyer
well in 2002 for two tributaries are
emerging here one is they're both used
to being the principal right they're
both used to being the biggest person in
the room and they both think they know
better one became president by the most
unconventional means possible the other
has been a worldwide celebrity knighted
by the Queen and also he says he's very
smart he's very intelligent so speaking
of but I got one more I know but just
before we get to the last word you story
like what is it with both Donald Trump
and Rudy Giuliani that they feel they
have to run around telling people how
smart they are do you do you guys know
people that run around saying how smart
they are
Meechum as a t-shirt that says so love
America that's not okay well he is
actually that's really okay yeah it's
all I had but thank you it's weird it's
weird that these people run around going
I'm so intelligent I'm smarter than
everybody which tells you actually
they're not fear it's kind of like the
more you the more you swagger the more
you swagger the more insecure you are
and you know you protest too much
somebody said I've heard a blind last
weekend and I'm not stealing a second I
remember who said it's me about in this
in this Washington there
there's the West Wing and in there's
Trump and they're not the same thing
yeah and I think now you add Giuliani
and so you have a genuine three wing
ring circus that's gonna keep going and
there's no intersection and it's just
gonna be the president I mean when it's
all over I mean you know Nixon had bebe
rebozo mm-hmm Trump has this telephone I
mean that's it this is that this is the
this is the cell phone presidency and
it's very lonely and I think that's why
you know why we see these erratic
moments is because he has no one else to
have them with except all of us doesn't
feel like it ends well thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
