I am announcing today that the United
States will withdraw from the Iran
nuclear deal today's action sends a
critical message the United States no
longer makes empty threats when I make
promises I keep them well welcome back
to am joy by keeping a promise to his
supporters Donald Trump broke America's
promise to the world and predictably
there have been consequences in just the
few days since Trump announced the US
was withdrawing from the nuclear deal
with Iran there's been backlash from our
European allies as both France and
Germany tried to preserve the agreement
the Supreme Leader of Iran once again
threatened to ramp up his country's
nuclear program add to that the
possibility of a nuclear arms race in
the Middle East with the Saudi foreign
minister saying this just the day after
Trump's announcement we will do whatever
it takes to protect our people we have
made it very clear that if you run
acquires a nuclear capability we will do
everything we can to do the same the
increased tensions in the Middle East
also means that Israel's cold war with
Iran could turn hot on Thursday Israel
launched strikes against Iranian targets
in Syria after it accused Iran of rocket
attacks in the Golan Heights a territory
disputed by Israel and its neighbor
Syria Trump has added a crisis of his
own making to an already volatile Middle
East could war be next joining me now a
longtime US diplomat and former
ambassador Joe Wilson treati Parsi
president of the National Iranian
American Council and author of losing
and enemy Obama Iran and the tribe of
diplomacy and former chief of staff for
Secretary of State Colin Powell Lawrence
Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson thank you all
for being here appreciate you all treat
I want to go to you first because you
know when when when Donald Trump pulled
the United States out of the Iran deal
attentively we violated the Iran deal in
your view did that make it more likely
which of these two scenarios became more
likely scenario a we just become more
isolated as Europe doubles down on the
deal or scenario be the whole deal falls
apart both of them became more likely on
the one hand the u.s. is now more
isolated as a result of trauma
not only walking out of this deal
violating this deal but in the process
really doing everything he could to
humiliate the Europeans he had them come
in here in parading in Washington DC
trying to save the deal whereas in
reality he had already made a decision
back in December he was going to violate
the deal he only did this to humiliate
them and show them who actually is
calling the shots and on the other hand
the likelihood of the deal surviving
clearly is going to be less as a result
of this EU s violation the Europeans are
trying hard right now to be able to hold
it together but it will require massive
political will on the European side as
well as a willingness to take political
economic cost because it means that the
United the Europeans are going to be
forced to and force sanctions on the
United States in order to prevent the US
sanctions hitting European companies
this is gonna be very very tough the
United States is under Trump is now
signaling we don't care about Europe did
three allies we care about is the Prime
Minister in Israel the crown prince in
Saudi Arabia and the rulers of the UAE
not trans Germany and the UK oh and
let's talk about those three players
because I think that's important
Colonel Lawrence worker said Colonel
Wilkerson to talk about because you have
the Saudis who are very much aligned on
the and you know isolate Iran side right
and they are on the same side of that
with you know the the laocoon in Israel
the ruling party in Israel but you also
have at the same time all that is
happening the u.s. moving our embassy in
Israel to Jerusalem a very controversial
move on Monday this is happening Monday
the u.s. embassy in Jerusalem will open
to great fanfare on Monday reports the
New York Times but the American
ambassador in Israel will not yet work
permanently out of his new offices they
may also get help get around some
diplomatic awkwardness because other and
you know the countries don't recognize
this you at the same time you have the
u.s. using Israeli intelligence to make
this case that Iran was in
non-compliance because they couldn't get
that intelligence from the US what do
you make of all of these chess pieces
Joey I agree with treaty that we have a
lot of negative repercussions of his
withdrawal from this deal from rupture
of the transatlantic relations to
empowerment of Rush
in China but the one I'm most concerned
about you just began to put your finger
on I wrote about this in the New York
Times a month or so ago
I fear that Israel is going to lead the
United States ultimately into a hot
conflict with Iran we have two choices
when we say that Iran's having a nuclear
program that has a latent potential for
a nuclear weapon is unacceptable two
choices one is to ignore it which I
don't think we're going to do for a
moment and recent events prove that to
war because war is the only way you
altima
eliminate not just a nuclear program but
the potential for that program to
produce a nuclear weapon and I see Bibi
Netanyahu and his actions in Israel
including this embassy move as sort of
ingredients in the lead up to run-up to
that war and you know ambassador Joel
was one of the reasons that I really
wanted to talk to you today is that this
whole thing feels like a movie that
we've seen before we know that Prime
Minister Netanyahu was very much in
favor of the u.s. invading Iraq we know
that back in those days you had a lot of
people like John Bolton who is now in
the administration had great designs on
doing the same thing to Iran you had
presentations of why we should invade
Iraq that were fraught that were false
and you were one of the people who
debunked one of them that there was
supposedly to search for you know
enriched yellowcake uranium in the air
you were intimately involved obviously
as was your wife unfortunately in that
incident and now you have you know Vox
just put up this D bunker of Prime
Minister Netanyahu's presentation in
which he tried to prove Iran was
violating the deal debunking it right
and then it was not a so I do you feel
like this movie is repeating and that we
are sliding toward another case being
made by an American administration to go
to war good mornings Roy it's so nice to
be with you
thank you for having me on I actually
goes so far back that my first movie was
with Saddam Hussein in 1990 so I've been
down this path a few times I obviously
agree with with what Colonel Wilkerson
said and with what
for Parsi said both of whom I respect
enormous Lee and I would go further and
say what we're looking at here is a
reshaping of the world order for the
first time since since I would say the
Bretton Woods era where our are
unchallenged power and authority to make
the rules of the game of international
relations no longer prevails and I would
urge everybody to read barbara Tuckman's
the guns of August the lack of American
leadership and the black really of
international leadership is manifesting
itself in the Middle East but it is it
is global in nature the idea Bibi
Netanyahu being a global international
relations authority should scare
everybody minoo treat a Parsee i look at
a world in which the united states you
know to ambassador Wilson's point has
sort of withdrawn from global leadership
industry of stories about the UAE
attempting to influence by influence
with the administration the Saudis
obviously being able to very much sway
and sort of beguile Donald Trump you
know by treating him sort of in a royal
way Russia obtaining a lot of influence
over apparently you know at the campaign
potentially of the President of the
United States and at the same time it
does feel like the United States's were
being walked hand-in-hand toward a war
with Iran but in this case with who with
what European allies if this were to
happen none and that's part of the
reason why Donald Trump is not
particularly happy with the Europeans I
think we are I think what ambassador
Wilson said is very very true when it
comes to the global scale and if we take
a look at that on a regional scale I
think what we see here is that the
Israelis and the Saudis have been
pushing and as has the UAE for more than
a decade now for the United States to
reverse the balance of power in the
region as it had been shifting in favor
of Iran
very much as a result of the mistake of
george w bush and going into iraq the
saudis the UAE and the israelis want the
united states to re-establish a balance
in the region that is similar to the one
that existed pre 2003 no american
administration up until now has been
interested in that proposition because
it simply does not lie in the interests
of the united states to do so and it is
enormous ly costly donald trump however
is a person who doesn't understand
geopolitics doesn't look at things
strategically he looks at it from a
transactional perspective and what he's
looking for is for the saudis to say yes
we're willing to foot the bill if you go
to war with iran and that's the green
light he's still waiting for it's not
clear whether he's got it or not
but that's the direction that he's going
in right now and colonel Wilkinson just
to reset for those who may not remember
didn't the invasion of Iraq isn't that
too I think that is what traitor party
was getting at isn't that primarily what
helped to empower Iran absolutely we
stopped reversed 40-plus years of US
policy I know I was part and parcel of
doing war planning for that policy for
thirty of those years we reversed
everything when we took the leader in
Iraq I'm a balancer of Persia if you
will out of the scene we put Iran in the
catbird seat and treat is absolutely
right this is a regional struggle for
the balance of power that we destroyed
and each of the powers in the region
that is contending with Iran wants the
United States to be their sugar daddy in
regard to reestablishing them as the
pivot in that balance of power something
that we have refrained from doing to
this point and I agree again with treati
that this administration especially the
president is not a student of to figure
this out and to be a part and parcel of
doing something positive in that regard
but john bolton nikki Haley and a host
of others around him are astute enough
and they worry me because if they get
control of this president and we've seen
how easy it is to do with cajole Rhee
and wheedling and flattery and so forth
we could be headed into this war and
this war we
be as or more catastrophic than the 2003
invasion of Iraq that's my greatest fear
absolutely and you know to that point
ambassador Wilson you do have people
like Mike Pompeo you have people like
John Bolton people who know a lot more
about foreign policy than Donald Trump
certainly does it is very similar in a
sense right that the Dick Cheney's of
the world releaser weren't able to
capture george w bush because he didn't
have as much knowledge about it it does
feel like Donald Trump who ran saying
that Iraq was a stupid war even though
he initially supported it he does it he
feels that it seems to have been
captured by this this cohort even Dick
Cheney's back saying we should do
torture again yeah I think Donald Trump
is a crazy person he's mad and that's
what makes us so dangerous and while I
we are drifting towards a major conflict
in the Middle East I would go back to 91
just to make a point which is we did not
go into Baghdad in 91 because we fully
understood the importance of having Iraq
as a bulwark against Shia expansionism
and the Iranian expansionism so there's
a lot of history there and I think
Colonel Wilkerson and Treaty Part C dr.
Parr see if they have both touched on it
but again III look at this today as as
Sarajevo in 1914 I really looked at look
at the Middle East as the canary in a
possibility of a much broader conflict
and realignment of global interests
across the board and all the violence
that comes from that and we have a
madman as president and treati party
didn't tell us where does Russia end up
in that hierarchy if if this realignment
takes place well I think the Russians
have benefited tremendously as have the
Iranians from the invasion of Iraq and
to the extent that the United States
further weakens itself by going into
more and less strategically unimportant
and marginal wars in the Middle East the
better off the Russians will be if we
take
look at what's happening in Syria right
now the Russians are technically
partnering with Iran in order to boost
up Assad but at the same time they're
not really objecting to the Israelis
where the provocations are doing right
now in attacking Syrian and Iranian
positions they're they're okay with it
because what they're getting is that
they're advancing their position as it
as long as these different parties fight
each other Wow it's sobering it's scary
it feels like a movie we've seen again
and again and again ambassador Joe
Wilson dr. treat a Parsi Colonel
Lawrence Wilkerson it's gonna stick
around thank you all very much
and up next as I just said Dick Cheney
yeah he's back stay with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
