and it really is great it is really
great to be here with a friend of mine
the man indiana voted overwhelmingly to
make the 45th President of the United
States of America president
I'm here today because I stand with
President Trump well he went the hard
way actually a Mike Pence didn't when we
stand with Donald Trump he reportedly
contemplated a coup by the way after the
Access Hollywood tape came out according
to the Atlantic within hours of the post
bombshell pence made it clear to the
Republican National Committee that he
was ready to take trump's place as the
party's nominee wonder if Trump knows
that he's come a long way since then of
course as vice president Pence has
served as Trump's most fervent defender
let's watch him thanks to the leadership
of President Donald Trump welcome to the
beginning of the end of Obamacare
thank you for your boundless faith in
the American people
President Trump has been making history
since the first day of this
administration I know I speak on behalf
of the entire cabinet and of millions of
Americans when I say congratulations and
thank you you've restored American
credibility on the world stage
you sign more bills rolling back federal
red tape than any president in American
history
you've spurred an optimism in this
country that's setting records I'm
deeply humbled as your vice president to
be able to be here it's the greatest
privilege of my life to serve as vice
president to president Truong he's a man
of his word he's a man of action
syndicated columnist George F
well-labeled pence the worst person in
government citing his town for toady ISM
and appetite for obsequious according to
George Worrell pence is the authentic
voice of today's lickspittle Republican
Party Trump is what he is a floundering
inarticulate jumble of knowing
insecurities and not at all compensating
vanities which is pathetic pence is what
he has chosen to be which is horrifying
I'm joined by the author of those kind
words George F well the toady ISM why is
he performing almost like he's in a
religious service and Trump is God
that's how he's no prayerful language
well his persona is devout doesn't laugh
often either as far as I can tell
being a vice president is an inherently
difficult thing you are completely
to figure you were selected to be no
particular energy of your own for that
person's purposes
now we've seen we begin to see
vice-presidents treated well and
seriously I think with Jimmy Carter and
Walter Mondale and since then Chaney and
and and the rest have been treated well
tweeted treated will be treated w-well
that's right but it's because you're a
derivative figure and because you're
there to magnify an mi5 they will with
someone else it's it's an ambiguous
position that requires therefore a kind
of moral Center to not overdo it well
let's take a look at this George the SIP
this reminds you of our vice presidents
especially this one these are the lining
up of the Penguins in the Antarctica
they just do it it's done by ritual they
don't even know why they're lining
apparently it's very inefficient has no
purpose but that's what they've done for
generations of penguins
why is Cheney well not Cheney in this
case why is why is pence so deliberate
doesn't Trump ever get I'm embarrassed
by it might lay off a lot pull it back a
little bit are you kidding no mister mr.
Trump and and mr. pence knew this when
he signed on wants loyalty and the
loyalty has to be almost abject for that
reason I think mr. Trump sue and mr.
pence threw a switch and said I know
what I'm signing on for I'm going to do
it well it doesn't make it any more
pleasant here to make your point of you
come here if you're the lowlights of
Mike Pence's tenure as vice president
today he flew to Indiana only to walk
out of a football game if there's
several the athletes knelt during the
national anthem having plan to do so all
along it appeared to be a premeditated
stuff as I said according to an NBC
reporter who's outside the stadium with
Pence's team a staffer told that
reporter that the vice president may
depart the game early May and present
some quickly tweeted I asked vice
president pens to leave the state with
any players knee up disrespecting our
country and last week pence went out of
his way to praise former mayor cut
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio who
was convicted of criminal contempt of
court and later pardoned by President
Trump pence called him Ohio a tireless
champion of strong borders
and the rule of law and just yesterday
pence called for an immediate end to the
investigation of Russian collusion let's
watch that what I think is that it's
been about a year since this
investigation began our administration
has provided over a million documents we
fully cooperated in it and in the
interest of the country I think it's
time to wrap it up and I would very
respectfully encourage the special
counsel and his team to bring their work
to completion I have a sense that
sometime in the future the Democratic
Party is going to have to pick a
candidate to defeat Mike Pence what do
you think you'll be out there then he
will have earned his right to the
succession by this kind of this kind of
toadying it depends on whether the
country eventually gets tired of this
particular act mr. Trump is an
entertainer he came to us television and
he knows that things get stale
vaudeville was killed by television
because everyone in the country saw the
acts all at once you couldn't think of
Grand Junction to Des Moines to Cheyenne
the question is does this ever lose its
power to entertain I suspect it will I
think another year from now is a very
long time who wins international
contests nikki Haley or Mike Pence for
the Republican nomination should that
day come Haley yeah we thank you so much
George Wallace made news tonight hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
