and I'm joined now by Republican
congressman Charlie dent of Pennsylvania
you just heard from him there that was
his farewell address on the House floor
his last day in Congress is tomorrow
we've been told this will be his last
interview as a congressman congressman
thank you for taking a few minutes with
us then to talk let me start with what's
in the news today
there's the comments reportedly made by
a White House staffer about John McCain
there's the reported near resignation of
the DHS secretary after being dressed
down by Trump there's Michael Cohen and
AT&T there's Scott Pruett and the
ethical controversies around him is this
the kind of day that makes you say I'm
glad I'm getting out of here well I
think we just call that Friday anymore
yeah I guess I am I mean there are just
a whole host of issues there I could
comment on each one if you wanted me to
but you know I've you know the McCain
issue I guess is really unsettling to me
I experienced something quite similar
Steve during the campaign in 2016 at a
tea party debate during the general
election I had I was being criticized
that I hadn't endorsed Donald Trump and
I wasn't going to and I in part because
of the comments he made about John
McCain and when I said that somebody in
the room blurted out said Oh John
McCain's a jerk or an idiot said
something really disparaging and I
stopped and I said that's an outrageous
thing to say I mean a great American
Hero
great man you ought to be ashamed of
yourself and you know it was just that
was yeah but people say these things and
I just I'm at a loss and MS Nielsen no
secretary Nielsen you know I was on a
receiving end of a presidential diatribe
to in the Cabinet Room over health care
but I don't work for the president so
and I was a known going into the meeting
I walked out a hell no it was on health
care but the point is I mean that's
apparently how he treats some of his
staff from time to time well let me ask
you dig down a little bit of this McCain
question because you mentioned the
comments in the campaign it was the
summer of 2015
Donald Trump had just become a candidate
for president folks were trying to
figure out you know is this thing for
real is it serious he was out in Iowa he
said I prefer people who weren't
captured he made comments along those
lines and there was this conventional
wisdom I remember it very well that that
was it that was the moment the Trump
sort of that the air came out of the
Trump balloon no way Republicans were
gonna stand for this Republican leaders
would turn them Republic
voters would turn on him now and instead
the Trump phenomenon just continued to
take off in light of that experience in
2015 the fact he could win the
nomination he could win the presidency
you hear these reports coming out of the
White House right now about this comment
does this thing bother your party at all
when you really boil it down well I'll
tell you what if if I had said some of
those comments at any time during my
career I would have been disqualified
and I probably wouldn't be a congressman
and I said those things about John
McCain or about Mexicans or Muslims or
charlotte's whatever the case may be why
why would it do well I thought you and
not him why was he able to get away with
it well I just look that's a great
question I'm not sure I have the answer
to that I don't know that anybody has
the answer all I can say is that if a
congressman had disparaged on McCain in
that manner I suspect it would be very
difficult for them politically or made
comments about New Mexicans you know
being rapists I think was the term that
was used and there are other very harsh
terms I mean it would be I believe
disqualifying comments for most
candidates particularly in a swing or a
marginal district I don't know how you
recover from some of those types of
remarks I want to take this the
interview here and focus a little bit
about sort of the question I guess of
expectations of your leaving now versus
the beginning of this trump presidency
let me start an election Day 2016 you're
running for re-election in Pennsylvania
you're expected to win you do when
you're going back to Congress on
election day when you're there
casting a vote for yourself or maybe
showing up at your victory party was it
your expectation that night that you're
going back to Congress in the next
president is gonna be a Democrat Hillary
Clinton yeah candidly Steve yeah that's
what I thought that I was going to win
and and I thought that I thought that
Hillary Clinton was actually going to
win the election and just least in
Pennsylvania I thought that was the case
so I thought that she would win and and
so I was probably like most people
pretty surprised when the Donald Trump
prevailed and at that time that night I
said look well I'm going to try to make
the best of this we're going to work
with the president then support him when
he's on the right track and you know
check him when he's moving in a bad
direction and you call him out if he
goes off the rails but you know I think
most of us felt that we wanted them the
visa
successful he wanted him to be
successful me to work with him yeah let
me stay on that thing because like the
McCain thing I think is a really good
example of this where so much that's
been happening in the last year and a
half since Donald Trump became president
it's unprecedented in a way for a
president to behave this way but it's
also consistent with what we saw during
the campaign so you were hoping for the
best when he got elected I'm wondering
did you really think it would be any
different than it was during the
campaign no I didn't have particularly
high expectations to be perfectly honest
but although I was hoping that he would
make some very good hires and on the
national security front I thought he did
make some very good hires early in his
administration I thought VA secretary
Shulkin and others Tillerson mattis
McMaster etc well you know very good
people but but the chaos that we saw
during the campaign that frenetic nature
of it and all the controversy carried on
into the administration and I guess
nobody should have been surprised by it
he's there based on what we saw is there
an area though where he has pleasantly
surprised you yeah look I think the
president I believe the president is
moving on the right track on a lot of
deregulatory front I thought that the
tax reform on balance was beneficial
particularly the corporate tax reform it
was necessary I believe on the VA
undersecretary shulk and the the
department was moving the right way I
oversee VA funding and I worked very
closely with him and the
administration's team so I there been a
number of areas where I've worked with
them and I've been encouraged on some
policies yeah and there others you know
where I think some of the bigger
concerns sometimes for me I have been on
the foreign policy front at times you
know that the way the president seems to
want to walk away from various American
agreements or commitments whether it's
on NAFTA TPP South Korea he threatened
to pull out on that you know disparaging
comments about NATO and I didn't support
the Iran nuclear deal but I don't think
we should have two nuclear crises going
on simultaneously and so I worry about
his his walking away from commitments
these are American commitments even if
they're ones that we may not have agreed
with at the time we have to we have to
honor commitments so I'm curious how you
would put that all together then because
you've raised
turns here that are very unique to this
presidency that seem very serious in
terms of the direction that the entire
country is going that the discord
discourse in this country is going chaos
and the why has foreign policy concerns
and not really being surprised you say
from based on what you saw in the
campaign when you take that whole
package and you think back to Election
Day 2016 in this country was either
gonna elect Hillary Clinton or or Donald
Trump that day would the country be
better off as you leave Congress right
now with the country be better off today
if Hillary Clinton had been elected
versus Donald Trump well I guess Steve
my answer to that would be if Hillary
Clinton were the president today all the
anger and the energy would be on the
Republican side and the Democrats would
be in a very defensive position you know
I I had a lot of concerns as Secretary
Clinton I couldn't support her I didn't
and I suspect we be dealing with a
different set of problems and issues
right now the American people
desperately wanted change in 2016 and
they just simply couldn't accept Hillary
Clinton but they were willing to take a
risk on Donald Trump and many of the
people who voted for Donald Trump are
friends of mine I know them and they
they basically they have concerns and
they have reservations and some of them
would say to me Charlie yeah I'm voting
for Donald Trump but a voting for you
too to keep an eye on them these are
some Trump supporters but I guess what
I'm hearing there is almost sort of a
zero-sum game and I'm trying to get a
sense if it's completely balanced in
your mind or if you see there were
things about Hillary Clinton that deeply
concerned you if you sort of play at the
worst-case scenario of your expectations
for Hillary Clinton does it put you in
the same place you're in now with Donald
Trump is it worse than where you think
things are now at Donald Trump is it
better
well if well if Hillary were president
she would certainly be much more
conventional in many ways on the foreign
policy front I believe she would be you
know much more attentive to the needs
and concerns of our allies and and would
probably not be making these comments
that seem to be simply somewhat
sympathetic to these autocratic rulers
or there's Putin or hewan or Duarte do
thwart do tour today and in the
Philippines I think that would she would
probably be a bit more cautious and
conventional on the foreign policy front
and I think that would be a probably a
principal difference on the domestic
front though Isis
actually would have done more the same
hyper regular hyper regulation higher
tax policy and I think the economy would
suffer if she had been come president I
don't think she would have been very
helpful to president when I learned
during over the last several years is
that many people felt that this economy
wasn't moving as or growing as fast as
it should be simply because there was
too much fear of Washington Washington
was too much of a meddling force and
this is where I think President Trump
has an advantage over Hillary I think he
got that message and the economy I think
in part has moved forward because of his
economic policies with the exception to
trade I'm very much a disagree with the
President on trade which i think is
going to harm economic growth although
Hillary wasn't much different than
Donald Trump Hillary Clinton had similar
positions that was very much
protectionist in many ways as Donald
Trump final question here but you talked
about the idea of serving as a check on
Donald Trump and sort of a balance to
him when you look ahead to the
possibility of Democrats taking over the
house this fall from Republicans is
there a part of you that says from the
standpoint of having a check on the
president's on the president that that
would be healthy for the system to have
Democrats have the house and in Trump
have the presidency oh look I have so
many friends in the House Republican
Conference I certainly support them and
support the majority of in supportive
over four years but at the same time I
have said to my House Republican
colleagues that you know we have to
exercise our article 1 powers not just
when there's a Democrat president but
when there's a Republican president that
we have a responsibility to conduct
serious thoughtful oversight and that
might mean that we'll do some things
that will bother the the administration
the Trump administration but that's ok
that's our job and the truth is the
Democrats were the same way you know
when there's a Democratic president and
they were in charge you know they would
they were easier on oversight that's
that's what I'm asking though if there
is sort of just a natural to human thing
right when our party controls things
we're gonna go a little easier when the
other party maybe not from that
standpoint if that's human nature do you
think maybe for the sake of the system
which you're you're expressing all these
concerns about that to have a democratic
house with a trump president might be a
healthy thing well I'd rather not
I'd believe me I'd rather not but we may
have won but
the truth is the new governing
philosophy it seems is more about
separation of political parties and
separation of powers and and this is not
specific to my party or to the
democratic both parties are guilty of
this right now
and it's got we got to get we got to get
back to a better balance where Congress
reasserts its authority we've lost a lot
of power to the executive branch over in
many years this didn't start with Donald
Trump this has been going on for years
and we are I think in many respects a
weaker institution then we had been and
we got to reclaim those powers I mean
the speaker the last Paul Ryan and and
and now John Boehner before him really
struggled in part because they really
had a difficult time enforcing any
discipline getting people to vote for
things that had to get done and that's
just weakened the speaker because of the
the internal fighting and and I suspect
that they may come where you could
actually see if you know that you might
have to have a bipartisan coalition to
elect a speaker someday if each party
becomes as divided and factionalized as
they've been all right congressman
Charlie dent we will let those be your
final words in what I think is your
final interview as a member of Congress
thank you for taking a few minutes good
luck in your post political career thank
you Steve's always great to be with you
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
