day 476 of the Trump administration and
president Trump has returned after
rallying his base at a campaign style
event in Elkhart Indiana tonight but as
the president calls for border security
and urges his supporters to get out and
vote in the midterms this Muller
investigation is looming over all of it
today we learned that Rudy Giuliani
resigned his post at a Manhattan law
firm apparently freed up now to solely
focus on representing the president in
the Russia investigation NBC News
reports tonight quote partners said they
had finally had enough having grown
increasingly frustrated with how
Giuliani has handled himself in the last
couple of weeks in a phone interview
Thursday Giuliani said that when he took
on the role as the president's lawyer he
initially thought it would be part-time
and quick but realized you can't just
jump in and jump out he called his
departure from the firm a mutual
decision more on that in a moment
meanwhile as Giuliani prepares to spend
all of his time on Robert Muller's
Russia investigation vice president Mike
Pence told our own Andrea Mitchell today
respectfully it's time for the
investigation to end it's been about a
year since this investigation began our
administration has provided over a
million documents we fully cooperated in
it and in the interest of the country I
think it's time to wrap it up and I
would very respectfully encourage the
special counsel and his team to to bring
their work to completion those comments
they're by pence come as other Trump
allies continue their attacks on the
Russia investigation Washington Post
reporting tonight congressman mark
meadows plans to ask a federal financial
watchdog to audit the Office of Special
Counsel Muller the post says the planned
request from meadows quote appears to be
mainly calibrated to force the
disclosure of a 3-page Justice
Department memo spelling out the
authorized scope of Muller's
investigation Meadows said he believed
the audit is required under federal law
and could not be completed completed
without an unredacted copy of the memo
written in August of 17 by you guessed
at Deputy Attorney General Rob Rosen
Stein this scope memo as it's known in
the trade has turned into a major
flashpoint between the Justice
Department and a cadre of House
Republicans including memos and other
members of the freedom caucus who say
that Muller has gone outside the bounds
of his original charge to investigate
possible ties between Russia and the
Trump campaign
let's bring in shall we our leadoff
panel on a busy Thursday night Michael
Schmitt Pulitzer prize-winning
Washington correspondent for The New
York Times
Cynthia auxin a former federal
prosecutor and a veteran of the Civil
Rights Division at the Justice
Department and Daniel Goldman's back
with us as well former assistant US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York welcome to you all and Michael
you led the way today on this reporting
on the Giuliani matter talked to us to
some more about this decision to as they
say spend more time with his client I
think that there were concerns at the
firm about Giuliani many law firms over
the past few months as the president has
looked for lawyers have discouraged
their lawyers from representing the
president they realized that internally
they may have difficulties with that on
top of having an internal issue there
was the issue of what Giuliani had said
he said that the firm sort of practiced
within ways that the firm actually
didn't in terms of making payoffs and
such and this was something that that
bothered the firm as well so what we had
today was them parting ways Giuliani
going off on his own to do his own thing
to represent the president Giuliani did
make it a point tonight to say that this
was not anything this issue about how he
described the payments was not something
that the firm had raised with him
directly this was not something that
they had brought to his attention and
said was the reason they were getting
rid of them but at the same time that
they have parted ways Cynthia Howe has
Rudolph Giuliani made things worse since
coming on board in your view well I
think he embarrassed himself by jumping
into this without really working with
his colleagues at all at the White House
by essentially saying the president was
a liar because the president apparently
did know about this payoff by announcing
that perhaps it had to be it was a
campaign violation the
it had it would be terrible if it came
up in the middle of the debates and or
if it came up in the campaign
so he's embarrassed himself that way
he's also suggested that perhaps there
were other payoffs he's embarrassed his
firm saying it's not unlike things that
would happen that here's the problem you
can't just make payments without telling
your client and he intimated that that's
what happens in big firms and I'm sure
it was upsetting for them the this the
funny part about this whole thing is
that I'm sure that in the White House
counsel's office they're saying oh great
now he can work full-time with us
because this last two weeks has been a
complete disaster an embarrassment for
himself an embarrassment for the White
House and an embarrassment for his burn
yeah after all they have a partner from
Williams and Connelly had just moved all
his stuff over to his new office at the
White House
perhaps falsely assuming he was going to
be the lead lawyer right and he should
have been consulted before all of a
sudden Giuliani went out and made this
announcement on Sean Hannity and and
it's a huge mistake Daniel welcome back
by the way mr. avenatti who I have joked
spends enough time on cable television
to have his mail forwarded here and at
least one other network the big document
release that got a lot of news attention
this week in any way has that harmed not
him has that harmed the investigation
either the one Muller is conducting or
year old shop SD my the Southern
District of New York it remains to be
seen the one way I can think that it
would potentially harm is that we do
know that several of these companies
have already met with investigators and
prosecutors and they likely made
statements to explain what these
payments were now they're in the public
eye and in the heat of the press and
those statements may or may not add up
and may or may not be good publicity and
there is always the potential that as
they're measuring the reaction that they
change tack a little bit and have a
different explanation so then you have
inconsistent statements and as a witness
that's the worst thing you could ever
have and it makes you almost unusable so
we don't know what they told the
investigators we just know what they've
been telling the public
and if there is a difference between the
two that could be problematic for the
investigation hey they're armed Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
