there is last thing before we go tonight
and again perhaps it's because people
are thinking of Mike Pence more urgently
than normal these days but Mike Pence is
in the news this week in part for
telling our own Andrea Mitchell that
it's time to respectfully it's time to
wrap up the Muller investigation and in
part because of that column by George
will this week that carries that
headline Trump is no longer the worst
person in government and just to repeat
the thesis sentence Trump is what he is
a floundering inarticulate jumble of
knowing insecurities and not at all
compensating vanities which is pathetic
pence
is what he has chosen to be which is
horrifying okay two sentences that was
George Will
and that was nothing compared to what
happened in this studio on this network
shortly before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time
today when Nicole Wallace asked her
longtime friend and former coworker
Steve Schmidt a lifelong Republican
political operative about Mike Pence he
is a Titanic and I mean Titanic fraud
we've listened to this guy for many many
years in this country on his moral high
horse assaulting to dignity of gay
people across the board his moral
preening is famous throughout the land
yet he is the most obsequious of all of
trumps cultists in the cabinet there
have been occasions as George will
points out we're speaking of Trump in
front of Trump where Mike Pence
complements him on an average every 3.2
seconds we have never seen such
slobbering civility by high government
official in this country than we do with
Mike Mike Pence and Donald Trump it is
amazing hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
