thanks to Tom for joining us this hour
much appreciated we've got kind of a big
show tonight and one that's structured a
little differently than we usually do
things but there's a good reason for it
all right there's one airplane
manufacturer in all of South Korea South
Korea obviously makes a lot of great
cars they have an excellent electronics
manufacturing sector and excellent
high-tech manufacturing sector but
they've only got one airplane company in
the whole country and last year that one
airplane company in South Korea was
almost destroyed by a giant corruption
scandal a whole bunch of top executives
at the company were implicated in a
scheme that basically boiled down to a
massive accounting fraud part of what
they did is that they apparently faked
prices on helicopter parts that the
company was selling to the South Korean
Armed Forces so basically the way it
works is that on paper it looked like
the company was selling those helicopter
parts for a certain price and most
people in the company thought they were
the military though was actually paying
a much higher price for those parts and
what the scam was is that apparently
these top executives at the company
cooked the books to make it all look
kosher to make it look like the same
price was being paid and received and
the difference between those two prices
between the fake price and the real
price is actually money that they just
pocketed themselves so this is an
important company in that country right
a singular role in their manufacturing
sector and it's got important national
security implications both because the
entity they were ripping off was their
own military but also because the
ability to manufacture aircraft
particularly military aircraft is an
important part of any country's national
defense and in South Korea that is a
fraught issue at the moment for obvious
reasons
so that's scandal I mean what happened
with that aircraft manufacturing company
last year that was always going to be a
big deal scandal but it ended up being
even more dramatic and tragic than most
the CEO of that company wasn't just
fired in this scandal he was arrested
and the vice president of the company
killed himself as prosecutors closed in
and
and started to uncover the fraud now the
company in question was called Korea
aerospace industries and all this stuff
happened last fall the vice president of
the company killed himself in September
the CEO was indicted in October and then
in November the following month Korea
aerospace industries for some reason
sent a check for a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars to Michael Cohen the
personal attorney of President Donald J
Trump that 150 thousand dollar payment
to Michael Cohen from Korea aerospace
industries it was first reported in
documents that were released late
yesterday by Michael avenatti Michael
avenatti is the aggressive and telegenic
lawyer who's representing Stephanie
Clifford aka stormy Daniels the adult
film star who is suing the president to
be released from a non-disclosure
agreement which she signed to prevent
her from speaking publicly about her
alleged affair with President Trump and
that lawsuit involving stormy Daniels
has produced some really weird
split-screen moments in American life
and law and culture who would have
thought we'd still be talking about that
now but I mean simultaneously because
the nature of this lawsuit against the
President and its origins and the
substance of Miss Daniels's claims about
her alleged relationship with the
President and what kind of alleged
relationship that was I mean
simultaneously right now not to put too
fine a point on it we really do have a
cover story and interview of a very
not-safe-for-work nature with Miss
Daniels all about the president in
Penthouse magazine I have not seen it I
swear but I am told that the interview
is accompanied by a a nude photo shoot
on the other side of the split screen
the lawsuit has also led the Wall Street
Journal to initially report that the
president's personal lawyer Michael
Cohen set up a Delaware registered shell
company to a to anonymously and at least
somewhat secretly handle one hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payoff that went
to miss Daniels along with that
non-disclosure agreement that she is now
suing to be released from so it's this
one lawsuit has brought us lots of
revelations of lots of different kinds
but again you know we're standing we're
standing there in the woods and we're
looking at this particular stand of
trees and we're thinking huh this is a
this is a lawsuit this is a scandal
about an alleged sexual relationship
involving the president that's
remarkable enough in US history
right but now the revelations that have
sprung from the allegations about that
supposed affair that there was a
business entity called essential
consultants that that was set up to
facilitate that payment secretly
well what's derived from that next piece
of that story I mean makes this stand of
trees looks like it's in a whole
different kind of forest right now we're
on to a financial story that pertains to
the president that pertains to his
lawyer and this administration and that
pertains to the investigation into
Russia interfering with our election and
the question of whether or not the Trump
campaign was in on it how did we get
from the alleged affair to this really
serious stuff now that that's this part
of the story is cracking open though it
is it is getting bigger and weirder
almost by the hour and the explanations
were getting from the people and
companies involved are getting longer
and more elaborate and more damning with
each new iteration so for example that
detail about the hundred and fifty
thousand dollar check that Korea
aerospace industries sent to Michael
Cohen to essential consultants in
November right after that company's vice
president killed himself and their CEO
was indicted in this giant corruption
scandal the news of that 150,000 dollar
payment to Michael Cohen at that time it
was first reported in these documents
released last night by Michael avenatti
subsequent to mr. avenatti putting that
information out there
The Washington Post got to work trying
to track down and confirm that part of
the story and a lot of other people had
called them at initially Korea aerospace
industries gave everybody else who was
looking for an explanation of that
payment gave them all a no comment
but Korea aerospace industries finally
came up with something to say they
finally came up with an initial
explanation for that payment in time to
say this to the Washington Post quote
Korea aerospace industries confirmed to
the Washington Post that it paid 150
thousand dollars to Cohen's company but
spokesman o sungkyun said that Korea
aerospace industries
not aware of the company's connection to
President Trump the company said it paid
Michael Cohen's firm quote to inform
reorganization of our internal
accounting system this is a company a
major company that had just been through
a devastating and literally fatal
corruption scandal involving accounting
fraud by its top executives in a nation
shaking corruption scandal in what
universe would a company in that
situation seek out Michael Cohen and
specifically his little company
essential consultants LLC which was
recently formed as a Delaware shell
company just days before it was used to
pay off a porn star who said she had an
affair with the president
in what universe would a company in that
situation funnel money to Michael Cohen
and essential consultants I mean what's
actually the most amazing part of this
initial statement from Korea aerospace
industries is the part where they say
they had no idea when they sent that
cheque that the company they were paying
had any connection whatsoever to
President Trump
oh really we're just supposed to believe
that in all the world Michael Cohen is
the guy who you would hire to review and
improve your internal accounting
practices at your Korean aerospace firm
out of all the lawyers in the world well
tonight Korea aerospace industries has
decided to take another crack at
explaining this they've given a new
statement to CNN a spokesperson for the
company telling CNN quote Korea Korea
aerospace industries received legal
advice on the cost accounting standards
regulation from essential consultants
LLC through a contracted deal the
payment was all legal based on the
contract Korea aerospace industries is
doing its best to comply with accounting
regulations that are up to global
standards and now here's the really good
part
the spokesperson clarified that Korea
aerospace industries did not have direct
contact with Michael Cohen at the time
of the contract the company said that
the quote deal was done by someone else
to be clear
it's not like essential consultants has
employees it's not like there's other
people at that company right it's a
shell company that Michael Cohen set up
a Tapio box or like a shared workspace
in Delaware somewhere they had no
contact with Michael Cohen someone else
did the deal who is someone else who's
going to the National Aviation Company
of South Korea and telling them hey
write a check for 150 grand and we'll
say it's for you upgrading your
accounting regulations who's the someone
else who set up this deal missus named
John Baron Korea aerospace industries is
up for a potentially huge US defense
contract to build jet trainers with
Lockheed Martin obviously it'll be a US
government decision whether or not they
get it and now we know that somewhere
along the way this important and
potentially promising company that might
have this really big contract come in
its way from the US government this
company that's had a very major very
recent very big corruption problem
they got steered somehow to drop a
hundred and fifty large and Michael
Cohen's bank account specifically into
the secret LLC he set up to handle the
hush money payments to the porn star I
think we can all now join hands and go
out on a limb together and say that
whatever happened here with this
aviation company it was not that Michael
Cohen was personally helping that
company get its accounting practices up
to international standards can we all
agree that we can go out on that limb
together since Michael avenatti posted
these detailed financial allegations
about Michael Cohen online last night it
has cracked open a whole lot of news the
giant telecom company AT&T has confirmed
that it too did pay Michael Cohen a
vanadis document had AT&T down for
$200,000 paid to Michael Cohen in four
monthly installments of $50,000 each
ending early this year in January 2018
while AT&T now confirms that the company
did pay Michael Cohen but they say
actually they paid him a lot more than
that they say they paid him triple that
those $50,000 monthly payments to
Michael Cohen didn't just happen four
times at the end of this past year and
into January
they say they paid him
50 grand a month for an entire year so
AT&T is admitting they paid Cohen but
they're saying they didn't pay him 200
grand they paid him 600 grand
initially AT&T put out a statement
saying that what they paid Michael Cohen
for was to get his expertise on the
issues of regulatory reform at the FCC
also corporate tax reform and antitrust
enforcement in the federal government
after a few hours
perhaps because AT&T realized that even
Michael Cohen would probably find that
explanation of his expertise laughable
AT&T decided that they would change
their story by the end of the day today
they put out a new explanation for why
exactly they paid this man 50 thousand
dollars a month and and they're there
later explanation later in the day was
slightly less implausible quote it was
to pay for an understanding of the inner
workings of Trump several hours after
that statement realizing I think that
they were still leaving a little
something important out of this
explanation AT&T put out yet another
addendum to this explanation admitting
just a couple of hours ago tonight that
the transaction with Michael Cohen had
also ended up bringing them in contact
with the special counsels investigation
into the Russia scandal quote when we
were contacted by the special counsels
office regarding Michael Cohen we
cooperated fully providing all
information requested in November and
December of 2017 a few weeks later our
consulting contract with Cohen expired
at the end of the year to be clear this
means that eighty and freaking T was
paying Michael Cohen in November 2017
what was they paying for for an
understanding of the inner workings of
Trump they've got him on the payroll
they're paying him 50 large a month
November 2017 molars off it comes in
Knox and say can we talk to you about
that they kept paying him in November
after that and in December as Moeller
kept asking more questions and into
January that wasn't even an occasion for
them to cut off the payments the other
ginormous corporation brought into the
scandal now is Nova
it's the pharmaceutical company and
whoever is doing their public relations
on this matter has been having an off
day the initial statement from Novartis
was basically not it this was literally
the company's first statement on this
matter
quote any agreements with essential
consultants were entered into before our
current CEO took office not it statement
number two was longer but also still a
bit of a head-scratcher quote in
February 2017 Novartis entered into a
one-year agreement with essential
consultants shortly after the election
of President Trump focused on health
care policy matters
o Michael Cohen healthcare policy
consultant this is the guy who told a
reporter from The Daily Beast what I'm
going to do to you is going to be effing
disgusting but now he's a health care
consultant for the Novartis
pharmaceutical corporation which is a
respected multinational Novartis also
did note in that second statement that
revised statement that they put out that
the company was quote contacted know in
November 2017 by lawyers from the
special counsels office regarding the
agreement with essential consultants
Novartis cooperated fully with the
special counsels office and provided all
of the information requested I don't
know if Novartis then spent the day
today getting questions about why
Michael Cohen was their health care
policy consultants but late in the day
Novartis came up with yet another
revision a third revision of their
statement a third explanation for what
had happened here this was the state
member they actually admitted that what
they really paid Michael Cohen for was
nothing they paid him for doing nothing
and this is where we learned that they
didn't just pay him
$400,000 as it said in the avenatti
document last night they paid him 1.2
million dollars again and they paid him
for nothing quote the agreement was for
a term of one year and paid essential
consultants $100,000 per month in March
2017 Novartis had its first meeting with
Michael Cohen under this agreement
following this initial meeting Novartis
determined that Michael Cohen and
essential consultants would be unable to
provide the services that Novartis had
anticipated related to US healthcare
policy matters
the decision was taken not to engage
further however as the contract
unfortunately can only be terminated for
cause payments continued to be made
until the contract expired by its own
terms in February 2018 do big publicly
traded international companies really
work this way I mean this is their own
explanation for what happened here
agreed to do a hundred thousand
dollar-a-month deal that is binding that
requires them to pay out this dude a
hundred thousand dollars a month for
something that anybody who has ever met
him could tell you he is incapable of
doing but nevertheless they do that deal
and it's binding and when they make the
deal they have never met the guy they
didn't meet him until a month after the
deal was signed and they were already
paying him once you meet him you realize
ah maybe mm-hmm do we're gonna and then
having come to that realization they
then continued to pay him 1.2 million
dollars over the course of the year is
that really how companies work like big
publicly traded multinational companies
that are in an intensely regulated
environment in lots of companies in
which lots of countries in which they
operate really Novartis that's how you
do business those questions or questions
like them led to the 4-3 vision of
Novartis statement today a spokesman for
the company now telling reporter ed
Silverman at stat news.com which is a
health care reporting outfit spokesman
for the company telling stat News quote
this episode was clearly a mistake
Novartis also admitting in this final
statement and who knows if it's a final
statement maybe there will be yet more
revisions but Novartis ultimately
admitting tonight that not only did they
get questioned as a corporation about
this deal with Michael Cohen but their
previous CEO who quit unexpectedly last
fall and he's being blamed now for
having set up this deal with Michael
Cohen the company is now admitting that
their previous CEO he also was
personally interviewed by the lawyers
from Miller's office and you know
Novartis has had its own problems with
corruption two years ago they paid
twenty five million dollars
to settle an investigation that they
bribed people in China to help their
business the year before that and of
artists agreed to pay almost 400 million
dollars for to settle what was
essentially a bribery scam a kickback
scam to boost their drug sales in the
United States just last month
reuters reported that Novartis is under
investigation again in the nation of
Greece this time for another bribery and
kickback scheme so whether it whether or
not it is surprising to see a company
like that in the middle of this Michael
Cohen story trying to get away for a
second with calling him a healthcare
policy consultant and then telling us
the story that they just put him on the
payroll for 1.2 million dollars for a
year for nothing whether or not it's
surprising to see them in the middle of
the scandal honestly what is surprising
to me for a company like this is that
with that recent legal history that
they've got they haven't figured out how
to make innocent-sounding public
statements when they get accused of
being involved in something this shady
you haven't figured out that your first
answer shouldn't be not in the headline
allegation for mr. Alvin Audis documents
continues to be that one of the entities
that paid money into the shell company
set up by Michael Cohen is a company
associated with a sanctioned Russian
oligarch named Viktor Vekselberg
Vekselberg was sanctioned by the US
government last month along with his
gigantic holding company which is called
renovate firm link to renovate piers to
have had Michael Cohen on the payroll
since Donald Trump has been president
from January through August of last year
for a total of a half million dollars
the New York Times reported last week
that vekselberg was personally stopped
at a u.s. airport and questioned by
Muller's team it has since been reported
that Vekselberg American cousin who runs
that investment firm afoot associated
with rent over his American cousin has
also been questioned in the special
counsels investigation
it's the cousins firm that reportedly
paid Cohen that said the firm is denying
any connection between Vekselberg
himself and those payments to Michael
Cohen the company does confirm that they
paid Michael Cohen they say they paid
him as a business consultant
they say they paid him as a business
consultant quote regarding potential
sources of capital
question number one why do we know this
stuff
Michael avenatti somehow got access to
these financial transactions now and
they're at least partially confirm these
detailed financial records about this
secretive business entity associated
with Michael Cohen other news agencies
have been able to obtain financial
documents which they say obtain a
vanadis reporting that's excuse me which
they say a corroborated vanadis
reporting and we've had a whole day of
these big companies bumbling around
eventually confirming the truth of what
he alleged so why do we know this stuff
is it potentially dangerous to the
criminal case against Michael Cohen or
to the Moller investigation that we do
know this stuff is this stuff integral
to their case well it hurt their case
now that it's out in the open
Treasury Department's inspector general
announced today that they're
investigating whether banking documents
were improperly leaked in this case
there's also the question of how much of
it is true although these big companies
involved have confirmed the payments or
said they actually paid Michael Cohen
even more than what avenatti alleged
Michael Cohen has submitted a court
filing tonight in the Southern District
of New York that takes issue with some
of the smaller dollar amount claims in a
vanadis documents alleging that smaller
payments that avenatti says were made to
Cohen through an account at Standard
Chartered Bank those payments according
to Cohen have been improperly attributed
to him some of those allegations he says
appear to be just cases of mistaken
identity
if Cohen and his attorneys a right to
take issue with some of those smaller
dollar amounts that's interesting right
why we have why do we have a mix of
confirmed information about these big
companies these big dollar payments
mixed in with stuff that maybe isn't
true in terms of these smaller payments
I'm a mix of true and untrue information
raises important questions about where
this stuff came from right bottom line
though pulling apart this this this or
putting a putting aside this this still
unfolding nature of this information and
these evolving explanations from these
surprisingly hapless companies that are
now implicated in this story
putting aside the the origin of all this
information coming
this lawsuit against the president for
the pornstar nondisclosure agreement in
bottom line here when you step back from
this what have we learned exactly or
have we now figured out what exactly
Michael Cohen does for a living and how
it relates to the president mr. Michael
avenatti joins us live here next day
with us hey there arm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
