here's what you need to know right now
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen they're
not really punching back on this story
they're not releasing their own
financial materials to rebut these
allegations no tonight the first
personal lawyer - a president - ever
announced he would plead the fifth to
invoke his right to silence in court is
now basically taking that same strategy
to the streets where he has virtually no
comment
but the Kohen Trump camp is not offering
much proof for that little rebuttal
there of quote inaccuracy and tonight's
news is raising profound questions about
yes potential evidence of Russian
collusion the Russian billionaire behind
the firm that secretly funded Cohen now
publicly claims he was not involved in
the payments to Cohen but is that what
he told Bob Miller because of course
Mulder's investigators questioned him
earlier this year we don't know the
answer to that yet come on also facing
heat for over four million dollars of
payments from these other companies as I
mentioned they're explaining them not
denying them but what were they paying
Michael Cohen for he didn't represent
them in court
he doesn't say he registered as a
lobbyist for them well today one of the
companies trying to get ahead of this
scandal says it was Cohen who reached
out to them promising access you've got
millions of dollars that are being
deposited into this account Michael
Cohen appears to be selling access to
the President of the United States you
know the face you just saw that is
Michael Cohen's opponent or at this
point maybe nemesis Michael avenatti
he's behind these leaks he's been
pushing the case and as we always
emphasize because we want to give you
the context he has his own perspective
in this but you'll note that what that
company said is the same thing Michael
avenatti said that's two different
sources saying Cohen was trying to sell
access and that would be a separate
crime so the company that said that
Novartis basically got pulled into
potentially a scheme and it would have a
legal and fiduciary duty to tell the
feds about it if as I just mentioned
they're now saying tonight that this was
something Cohen offered them for access
to Donald Trump to the government I can
tell you and I think you might agree
this is the kind of thing Bob Muller
would want to know well we have more for
you tonight news that had not leaked
when this all first came out last night
that company's staff has already told
Bob Miller about all of this over half a
year ago and that's accordion of artists
officials speaking out today emphasizing
their cooperation up until last night
there were no public financial documents
linking Trump world.this directly to the
Putin oleg arts
tonight there are up until last night
there were no entities who worked with
Trump's lawyer publicly disclosing their
cooperation with Bob Muller tonight
there are up until last night there was
no sign that Cohen's incriminating
records would leak like this and tonight
I can report something else for you the
US Treasury Department now investigating
if someone leaked those sensitive baking
records which on the one hand is
important because those records are
supposed to be private but also further
suggest those records are real records
accurate meanwhile as all of this goes
on everything I just ran through Donald
Trump's legal team continues its
slow-motion convulsions over the fallout
from rudy giuliani's contradictory
defenses of the money paid to stormy
Daniels and while few want to relive
those odd Giuliani
interviews they do look different in
light of these disclosures tonight if
Rudy Giuliani knew exactly how bad this
money trail was maybe that's why he was
in such a rush to change Donald Trump's
story about it even clumsily even ad hoc
even in a rush and even if it meant
admitted that Michael Cohen and Donald
Trump had yes been lying about this same
money trail all along I'm joined now by
my o Ilia former counsel of New York
City's mayor and at legal analyst for us
here and the bee as well as Jack Quinn a
former White House Counsel to Bill
Clinton my Wylie is there a link here
between what looks so bad for Cohen what
I just went through is being piecemeal
verified and why Rudy Giuliani seemed to
be in that clumsy rush you mean why
Giuliani talked about funneling money
I mean we're certainly thing and and
these records are a suggestion that
there was certainly funneling of money I
think the question that we do not have
the answer to yet Muller might have much
more of an answer to it is whether there
was a relationship between say the
$500,000 that Columbus Nova right the
company that the Russian oligarch was
connected to actually what what happened
with that money
and whether or not that was related to
any payments that benefited Trump in
protecting his election campaign so
you're saying the money in is suspicious
and the money out could form a crime
it's unclear Jack Quinn funneling money
funny money what's your verdict well you
left out one thing we knew and that was
that Michael Cohen brought a very modest
clientele to this business before he was
able to line up you know a major drug
company a foreign aerospace company that
was interested in having him reworked
their accounting systems and so on up
until now we knew that he was working on
funneling money to stormy Daniels we
knew that he represented a Republican
donor who hadn't impregnated a Playboy
Playmate and Sean Hannity now you know
it I've been in this town a very long
time and doing this kind of work for
most people is based on experience
expertise yes relationships but
relationships that are based on a long
history of trust based on the kind of
experience and Trust I talked about and
Michael Cohen brought none of this to
the table so it's it's concerning it
raises the red flags but none more than
the Viktor Vekselberg
axis here the fact that that they were
paying this kind of money and I
understand it was a subsidiary of a
related company and but still it ties
together the Michael Cohen legal story
with the Russia investigation do you
think I mean just to pause on that point
do you think it's so stupid as to be
hard to believe it it's breathtakingly I
mean look I mean you open you open a
shell company to pay off stormy Daniels
in October 2016 a shell company is just
that you could open a second or a third
and you literally start using the same
shell company to funnel money from the
rushon linked firm wall the Malheur
probe is open right Maya might have a
different view on this or no more than I
do but I suppose that's the reason why
the suspicious activity reports included
transactions involving otherwise
legitimate and corporations yeah and
we're gonna get two suspicious activity
reports I mean but before we even get
there my it just it just boggles the
mind and and there can be stupidity or
they could be desperation or it's
possible and we have mentioned this on
the show before it's possible that all
these people who talk tough maybe aren't
tough and all these people who talk
about being rich maybe aren't rich and
maybe they weren't just stupid they were
desperate because they literally didn't
have the cash flow to deal with these
properties probably well one of the
things we know about Michael Cohen is he
started taking credit of up to a quarter
of a million dollars during the
presidential campaign
apparently in order to take care of
these problems that Trump might have
along the way and that raises serious
questions about what he was telling
banks about what he was what what either
what the value of the property was he
was using for collateral or what so
there are all kinds of legal issues
there but I think it's also critically
important to recognize that this Russian
oligarch was someone who Michael Flynn
sat next and fat with at that meeting
with Putin in 2015 he was the same
person who was also at the inauguration
for Donald Trump and the person who runs
the company that funneled the that paid
the $500,000 to Michael Cohen's
essential consultancy was literally also
a campaign contributor to Donald Trump
to the tune of a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars and there might be a
question about that money as well so all
there is to say is you know if your
neighbors live in a swamp where do you
live mm-hmm mm-hmm
Jack Quinn I know where you live more or
less in the swamp but you might not be
of the swamp not everyone in Washington
is I guess the final question for you
sir is you were just outlining why it's
suspicious to get so much money when you
don't have a lobbying practice and you
don't have the experience and it's not
such big companies would come to Cohen
in the first place
it seems to me the the implied and
careful implication you're drawing is
that these may have been illicit
payments what do you see as the legal
line for prosecutors to actually try to
prove that and I don't think you know
most of these companies who are hiring
him because he had a relationship with
you know newly elected president Trump I
don't think that that makes their
payments illicit you know that that is
not against the law to hire somebody
because they have a relationship well
what do you hire them and they don't do
any work and you're seeking a government
favor in return
for example preferential treatment on a
merger I mean certainly there are
theories of the case that could involve
and I'm not alleging that because I'm
not the prosecutor but as a legal
analysis it is more problematic when
you're paying a fixer bagman to a secret
account it doesn't look as good as when
you hire a lobbying firm to do
registered business exactly well look
Cohen has a problem here on the
registration side but to your question
you know if there was any kind of
prequel call obviously everybody's got a
serious legal problem but there's no
indication that that kind of quid pro
quo was there all we know so far is that
people working for some of these
companies wasted the company's money
right you you do what you're saying is
that not to be rude but at a minimum you
know that Michael Cohen services were
literally worthless as I said he had a
modest business before getting involved
with these companies
he didn't improve upon his his portfolio
no I think it's you know I don't to be
to literary here but it's a little bit
of a declension its narrative rather
than one of great uplift of his career
if it was going to be accurate at former
White House Counsel Jack when always
appreciate your insights my Wylie I want
to come back to you later in the show
for another special set of questions I
turn now directly to California
congressman Eric swallow on the
Intelligence Committee he interviewed
Michael Cohen last fall you know more
than we do and some of some of it you've
told us before you're not at liberty
discuss what does stand out to you about
what has
become public on this very strange case
good evening are you well just just like
most Trump family members or Trump
employees or Trump campaign team members
you know any tree that you shake in this
Trump forest a Russian falls out and
that's what we're seeing here of course
there was a Russian involved now what we
were not able to find and this is all
the more reason it was pretty premature
for us to end our investigation we're a
lot of questions around Michael Cohen's
finances and his dealings with Russians
we have asked for bank records travel
records phone logs and the Republicans
were unwilling to use the subpoena power
they had to force mr. Cohen to deliver
that to us or to answer questions around
that he was you know able to you know
hide behind the voluntary construct that
the Republicans set up I think now Ari
frankly the president is in a position
where he and his lawyer are deceiving
the American people and a president who
lies as a president who is weak and the
best thing he can do is open up the
books for the public so that we can put
this to bed do you think that the
federal prosecutors in New York or in
the special counsel's office have
Michael Cohen's tax returns yes I I
think they have the I think they are
taking an MRI of the finances of the
trump organization of the campaign and
the individuals from the president down
to Michael Cohen and his assistants and
that's the way that you run an
investigation the American people
deserve to hear that from our
investigation too and and already the
difference that the daylight between our
investigation and Bob molars is that the
public will only learn through Bob
Miller's investigation what he can prove
beyond a reasonable doubt criminally our
investigation brought up a lot of facts
and would produce a lot of facts that
may not be able to be proved beyond a
reasonable doubt but that would still I
think demonstrate conduct that the
American people want to know as it
related to Trump family members Trump
business members and the Russians and
you you mentioned Russians falling out
of the proverbial tree what if what is
ultimately discovered here are domestic
crimes that don't involve a nexus with
but include the potential abuse of
government power bribery or quid pro quo
which which is one of the things that is
immediately raised when you see these
kind of off the book off the books slush
funds whether or not they originate with
the shell account that was to pay off a
foreign actress in that case if that
ensnares a michael cohen and donald
trump do you think that's something that
bob muller should pursue or the congress
should be interested in or that goes out
of the 2016 collusion jurisdiction and
should be left to the side you know no
person is above the law re and this
investigation just like any
investigation investigators are allowed
to investigate crimes that are in plain
view meaning if they go into a house
looking for guns and they see drugs they
don't have to close their eyes and not
seize the drugs and so you know i think
bob Moeller appropriately referred some
of these investigations to the Southern
District of New York but there may be
you know other issues you know
particularly campaign finance issues
relating to the president that will fall
under his purview it may ultimately come
to the House Judiciary Committee that's
the other committee where I sit and I
hope that you know we are able to
conduct thorough investigations ones
that Republicans are not willing to do
right now so we can tell the American
people whether this president is acting
outside of the rule of law and assure
the American people we would make sure
he'd be held accountable right I take it
you're referring to any potential shift
in in six months with the midterms you
also close this out with a Plainview
exception reference to Fourth Amendment
seizure law so I hope I get M CLE credit
for that illegal role we don't do CLE
credit here thankfully we were past that
that's a reference to continuing legal
education for anyone who's not already
turned off by the number of legal
references hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
