but the reality of Michael Cohen I mean
Donny Steve Schmidt has humanized him
for us but it's a little bit like
watching you know Tony Soprano with dr.
Melfi I mean we feel bad for him because
we know he's going through but still he
did a lot of bad stuff for a family
that's turning out to have been at best
highly unethical at worst involved in in
in potential crimes like money
laundering jump in Steve on the news of
the day the avenatti report about Bob
Miller's interest in the work that
Michael Kohn was doing for international
companies as well as the conversation
we've been having about the we don't
even know that that mr. Cohen will have
an opportunity to flip but the choice he
would have to make if he did well Nicole
if we look back to the chance of lock
her up at the Republican convention at
the time I said this is banana
republicanism we are a country of laws
and in the United States of America
everybody has a presumption of innocence
and that includes Michael Cohen who has
not been charged and certainly has not
been convicted of anything the the
conversation though that we're having
frankly I'm completely indifferent to
whether he's a good dad whether he's a
good husband he may be he may not be my
rooting interest here is for the United
States of America I'm looking at this
from a prism not about whether Michael
Cohen loves his wife or not but from the
perspective as someone who loves America
and he is part of a group of people a
cabal that are doing real damage to the
country now I think about like being on
the ocean on a boat surrounded by water
everywhere you look you see water in the
same way everywhere you look around this
administration
you see unfathomable corruption and when
you look at the Michael Cohen story that
was laid out in the long expose in the
New York Times I'll refrain from giving
legal analysis but I'll give some
analysis from the perspective of a
person who grew up in northern New
Jersey this guy is as mobbed up as Maury
the wig maker was from Goodfellas the
corruption is
everybody is everywhere when when you
see companies like Novartis and AT&T
what you're seeing is the fundamental
corruption of the American political
system you're seeing how much how deep
how rancid the swamp really is and how
much worse it is since since Trump took
office and the last thing whether it's
Michael Flynn sitting on the inaugural
Dyess taking a cell phone call trying to
broker a self-interested deal with
actors in Russia on a nuclear energy
issue
it's where was anybody upon the moment
that Donald Trump selected surprisingly
and he's about to assume the awesome
privilege and the awesome powers of the
American presidency
show me the person around him around his
werben that was focused on how do we
make this country better stronger how do
we keep faith with our obligation to the
generation of Americans yet born every
one of these people's a pig in a trough
their only thought wasn't for the
country was it for making it stronger
it's about how much money can we make
and it is disgusting hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
