good morning everybody it is Wednesday
May 9th I'm Yasmin vesuvian alongside
Lewis Bergdorf who was back with us
welcome back Lewis all right we begin
with the news that has the world
reacting this morning President Trump
has fulfilled one of his signature
campaign promises ending the United
States involvement in the Iran nuclear
deal here's the moment it is clear to me
that we cannot prevent an Iranian
nuclear bomb under the decaying and
rotten structure of the current
agreement the Iran deal is defective
at its core if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen therefore I am
announcing today that the United States
will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal
in a few moments I will sign a
presidential memorandum to begin
reinstating u.s. nuclear sanctions on
the Iranian regime we will be
instituting the highest level of
economic sanction any nation that helps
Iran in its quest for nuclear weapons
could also be strongly sanctioned by the
United States all right so the Obama
team has responded to Trump's decision
in a lengthy statement President Obama
lays out several facts about the nuclear
deal some of which go straight after
several of president Trump's arguments
as a sort of fact check while adding in
part quote the reality is clear the
jcpoa is working that is a view shared
by our European allies independent
experts and the current US Secretary of
Defense the jcpoa is in America's
interest it has significantly rolled
back Iran's nuclear program and the
jcpoa as a model for what diplomacy can
accomplish that is why today's
announcement is so misguided walking
away from the jcpoa turns our backs on
America's closest allies and an
agreement that our country's leading
diplomats scientists and intelligence
professionals negotiated in a democracy
there will always be
in policies and priorities from one
administration to the next but the
consistent flouting of agreements that
our country has is a party to risks
eroding America's credibility and puts
us at odds at the world's major powers I
believe that the decision to put the
jcpoa at risk without any iranian
violation of the deal is a serious
mistake now watch this what the
president has done by withdrawing
unilaterally is placed the United States
in breach of this agreement he has
literally taken a situation where there
was no crisis and created crisis it
creates confrontation it isolates the
United States if the United States had
to go to war against Iran
in the next weeks or months god forbid
if we have to but if we did you think
Europe's gonna be with us and of course
the former Secretary of State they are
one of the major architects of the deal
from the Gecko joining me now in London
NBC News international correspondent
calipari for us here on set journalist
and commentator Bobby Ghosh and in
Tehran Iran NBC news at Tehran bureau
chief alia rewsey I'm Ali
good morning - I'm gonna start with you
on this one talk to me about the
reaction that we are hearing both from
leaders inside Iran along with the
people in Tehran
well Yasmine there's some harsh reaction
coming out today although rouhani was
trying to strike a conciliatory note
yesterday saying that the deal is still
salvageable with the Europeans a very
different message is coming from
hardline elements in Iran the highest
authority in the land the supreme leader
spoke this morning and he said when
Trump is long gone and dead and snakes
and ants are feeding on his corpse the
Islamic Republic will still be standing
strong iran's army chief said that the
biggest damage caused by the nuclear
deal came from sitting down around the
negotiating table with the united states
and the head of the Revolutionary Guard
said the end of the day celebrated the
end of the deal and accused Europe of
not being independent and being too
dependent on America to make their
decisions for them which makes the
future of the deal
very clear but the most stinging rebuke
came from Iran from the Parliament today
iranian parliamentarians burnt a US flag
when the parliament burnt a copy of the
jcpoa and cheered the end of the deal
jasmine it's not surprising to hear the
differences that we're hearing from both
rouhani i more moderate inside iran
versus a hardliner
ally because as many as many know that
there are so many fissures and factions
inside iran not only from hyundai to the
Revolutionary Guard to row to rouhani as
well now I'm gonna go to you on this one
we have had all European allies who were
in support of staying inside of the deal
of course trumping the decision to
remove the United States from the deal
how are people reacting over there right
now
look the headlines and the quotes that
you're hearing from officials across
Europe is whether or not the US wants
the deal they're gonna push forward for
the deal and if you look at the numbers
you look at the business end of this
it's crazy the European Union is Iran's
third largest trading partner now
Germany take Germany alone exports more
than 2.6 billion euros worth of goods a
year half half of the cars made in Iran
are done so by French manufacturers
those are the hard business numbers
right well let's talk about the soft
power issue for a quick second here
after the deal went through you had
things like British Airways Lufthansa
starting their direct flights again to
Tehran and that's something that Europe
is very interested in it's it's
important that we say the perceived
threat of Iran that exists in the u.s.
does not exist here in Europe the
question is of course now that they're
gonna be renegotiating this deal will
they as Ally say be negotiating with
moderates or hardliners Cal have you
heard anything with with regards to the
reaction from the US ambassador to
Germany the new newly appointed US
Ambassador Germany basically sort of
tweeting out yesterday that that
companies the German companies need to
dial back their businesses in Tehran now
considering the sanctions that are ahead
from the US yes so this was the stunning
kind of business headline in Europe
yesterday as you said the US ambassador
to Germany saying that German companies
need to quote why
down there business with Iran what is
the u.s. going to do if that doesn't
happen is that going to start a trade
war that's something here that people in
Europe maybe want Germany to call the
u.s. Bluff on but as you look at the
President of the United States there it
seems pretty unpredictable yeah Bobby
let's go with the moderate line here
that we're hearing from inside Iran and
that was Rehana yesterday saying that
we're gonna stay inside this this
nuclear deal so long as it benefits us
the problem that I see here is that if
and when it seems as if any moment now
our Trump already has imposes these new
sanctions that is gonna basically close
you're on off to everybody all the
European allies no one's gonna want to
be able to are going to be able to
really trade with Iran going forward the
only countries that are at all gonna be
any sort of feasible trade partners are
gonna be China and Russia there so how
could this at all be beneficial to Iran
that's exactly right now the moderates
have changed their position in only a
couple of weeks ago they were saying if
you're if the United States is out then
we're all out there's no deal now I
think the the economic reality is facing
them they're trying to make a separate
deal with the Europeans and the other
two signatories that's that's not
practical because if the United States
is serious about these sanctions it
doesn't matter what angular Merkel says
or what macron says it matters much more
what Lufthansa does what Airbus does if
they pull out because they're afraid
that they will no longer be able to do
business with the United States much
bigger market much bigger customers then
it's all moot what the political
leadership in these countries say the
Iranian economy is really really hurting
and even before the Trump's announcement
so the Iranian leadership has to deal
with that they have to face that now the
Russians and the Chinese have maybe a
little more room to wriggle but again
Russian companies Chinese companies want
to do business in the United States they
don't want to be a game or basic
nitty-gritty issues if the you know the
United States imposes these sanctions
then the the Iranian
the random banking system cannot
integrate itself with the international
banking system even if you are a Chinese
company wanting to do business how do
you get your money out of Iran if the
banking system is outside the global
order there are lots of really practical
ways in which the United States can make
it really hurt for any company anywhere
in the world to do business with ya and
we're gonna have much more on this and
the next half hour everybody Calipari
Bobby Ghosh Ali really thank you all for
joining me so early in the morning hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
