say you're in North Korea and you're
about to have a summit with the
President of the United States for the
first time in history you're about to
have the summit because you're
supposedly about to start talking about
a deal a negotiated deal to stop your
nuclear program in exchange for
something from the United States what
does it say to you that the United
States just today unilaterally broke the
last deal that it did with another
country to try to stop a nuclear program
right on the precipice of the North
Korea summit the United States announces
we're breaking the Iran deal we're out
that's like telling somebody hey my
neighbor just took out a restraining
order on me
would you like to hire me to house it
for you joining us now is Joseph and
Sione Imus NBC nuclear security analyst
president of the Ploughshares fund Joe
it's nice to see you thanks for being
with us tonight Thank You Rachel I know
that you think that this was a bad
decision by the president
how seriously bad a decision is this is
there a possibility that this deal might
stay together with everybody else except
us this is the most devastating and
destructive act of Trump's presidency
it's impossible to overstate the
seriousness of what he just did it isn't
just that he destroyed a key national
security arrangement for the United
States it isn't just that he betrayed
our allies it isn't just that he damaged
the credibility of the United States on
the world stage it's that he doesn't
have a plan for how to replace this the
I read the transcript for the State
Department background briefing today the
reporters will all over these briefers
it was a mess it's clear they have no
idea how to put back sanctions that they
claim will now force Iran to come
crawling back for a better deal it's
clear that we've lost our allies we've
lost our credibility so that gets to the
point you were raising in your opening
segment on this what is the wheel plan
here and the fear is that it's John
Bolton's plan it's a plan to actually go
to war with Iran I wouldn't say that
Bolton is manipulating the president but
John Bolton operationalizes
worst impulses and that could get us
into the biggest conflict yet in the
Middle East and so on this point of what
we're gonna do instead of this instead
of the deal instead of the plan now that
we've broken out of the plan ostensibly
what they're saying is that the United
States is now going to embark on a
sanctions regime against Iran we're
going to do it alone without our allies
and we're going to do it after the State
Department closed its sanctions office
after the head of the sanctions office
of the Treasury Department just left I
have questions even if you take them at
their word and they do have some plan
that what's going to replace what we
just got out of Assam sanctions thing I
have concerns that the US government
couldn't just as a capability couldn't
institute some complex new sanctions
plan against our allies even if we
wanted to I think that's right and the
State Department officials had a great
deal of difficulty of explaining how
this would work remember we don't do the
United States doesn't do business with
Iran so you can't sanction our companies
so that means you have to sanction
European companies Japanese companies
Chinese companies people who are doing
business really you think our allies are
going to put up with that that that's
that's your plan and even if you did
have a plan to do this how are you going
to operationalize it which is why you're
so worried about where this path leads
as you increase tensions in the region
and just today Israel had new strikes
against Iranian positions in Syria
you're worried that Donald Trump has in
effect poured gasoline on these
conflicts that whether he wants to or
not
the US will be drawn into the conflicts
that Saudi Arabia and Israel are having
with Iran Joe Cirincione I missing MSNBC
nuclear security analyst president of
the plowshares funds I know that we knew
this day was coming it is the heart it's
all it's still hard to get your head
around it now that it's here thanks for
helping us understand tonight Joe it's
nice to see you thank you Rachel all
right we'll be right back stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
