Ilia Rosie no surprise we have a
statement of strong support from Israel
which is never on side for this deal a
statement of strong support for the
president from Saudi Arabia one of the
things that stood out to me when I was
in Iran is you know you see a lot of
propaganda posters out there equating
the United States with Israel and Saudi
Arabia if you for the Iranian government
both all three of those are hostile
forces what reaction do we have from the
Iranian government now on this news that
Donald Trump wants to pull America is
going to be pulling America out of the
Iran deal well almost immediately after
Donald Trump gave his address rouhani
addressed the nation here and he said
this is psychological warfare by the
United States but he took a sort of
diplomatic approach to this he said
we're gonna talk to the Europeans about
this we're gonna talk to the Russians
and the Chinese about this and if Iran
can still get benefits from the nuclear
deal if those those agreements that were
made are stuck to by the Europeans by
the Russians by the Chinese then Iran
will stay in the deal he even went on to
say that he's happy America has come out
of the deal because their malign
influence is no longer part of this deal
and they can try and go ahead and do
something with the Europeans and the
Chinese but he also warned that Iran's
benefits are his priority from this and
if Iran are not going to see any
benefits from this deal then Iran will
restart what he said is is its nuclear
civilian program not a weapons program
but a civilian program that they'll use
their nuclear technology to develop
medicine and other things now I nobody
was expecting neurons they suddenly come
out and say that they're gonna start
their program at a blistering blistering
rate kick out all the inspectors and
announce they're gonna build a nuclear
bomb that was never gonna happen
their tract now is to try and create a
wedge between America and Europe and
China and Russia against America see if
they can revive this deal but in reality
Ally I don't think that wedge is going
to last very long even if they're able
to create it initially because
Europe is not going to divorce herself
from America in favor of Iran that's
just not a long-term strategy for Europe
who has a strategic relationship with
America with America's 16 trillion
dollar economy compared to Iran's four
hundred billion dollar economy so the
big question is how is Iran going to
react as financial and political
pressure mounts on it in the coming
weeks and months are they going to take
this program underground are they going
to announce that they are pulling out of
the deal altogether and they're going to
look after their own interests because
they've been forced to do so by
America's actions we'll find out in the
coming weeks
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
