president Trump will now sign that
document that will in his words poll the
u.s. out of the Iran deal you can see
him doing that right now pulling out of
the Iran deal means that the US will be
in violation of the Iran deal the
president did not explicitly say there
that Iran was in violation of the deal
but he sort of turned the whole purpose
of the deal on its head saying that the
jcpoa allowed Iran to pursue a nuclear
weapon make America much safer is what
the president secretary Bob Mayo is
right now going to North Korea will be
there very shortly in a matter of
virtual probably an hour he's got
meetings set up we have our meetings
scheduled we have our meeting set the
location is picked at the time and day
with everything is big and we look
forward to have a very great success we
think relationships are building with
North Korea we'll see how it all works
out maybe the world and maybe as well
but it can be a great thing for North
Korea South Korea Japan
we hope it all works out thank you very
much
finding out it would be a great thing if
they are will soon be finding out thank
you very much
Donald Trump being vague on other things
as he normally is we'll all find out
we'll all find out there's a lot of
questions about what this will mean for
negotiations with North Korea as you
said Pompeyo as he just said a moment
ago Pompeo is on his way there the
Secretary of State we're gonna get to
that part in a second but back to what I
was saying a moment ago he essentially
turned the the deal on its head saying
that the jcpoa allowed Iran or urged
essentially Iran to start pursuing
nuclear weapons let's be clear about
what is in the deal and I'm gonna be
quoting PolitiFact here because it
doesn't the best Easi consensus of
what's in the deal under it Iran agreed
not to pursue nuclear weapons and to
allow continuous monitoring of its
compliance and the US and other
countries agreed to lift sanctions for
that Iran agreed to relinquish nearly
all of its original that's 90 97 % of
its enriched uranium and 70 percent of
its centrifuges centrifuges excuse me
which are used to enrich uranium it also
agreed to stop some Tony in production
and to dismantle its plutonium reactor
again important that the President did
not say that Iran was in violation of
the deal it's not just our allies that
have been urging us to stay in the deal
not to allow the u.s. to violate the
deal but it's Donald Trump's own
national security apparatus to a degree
DNI Dan Coates has said that Iran was
not in violation of the deal Pompeyo has
said Iran was not in the violation of
the deal secretary mattis said that it
was in our interest to stay Tillerson
said Iran was complying Israeli generals
told Benjamin Netanyahu and I bring this
up because the president mentioned
Israel as a reason to get out of this
deal Israeli generals told Benjamin
Netanyahu
that the deal is working so let's get
really into this back with us is Nick
Kristof columnist with the New York
Times joining us as well Brian McKeon a
former chief of staff for the National
Security Council under President Obama
treati Parsi the author of losing an
enemy Obama Iran and
triumph of diplomacy and the president
of the National Iranian American Council
and from Capitol Hill's Republican
congressman Lee Zeldin of New York he's
a member of the House Foreign Affairs
Committee and has been a staunch critic
of the Iran deal
Nick I was going to you right before the
president came out and spoke and I was
gonna ask you is this about the the nuts
and bolts of the deal the president
really didn't like it or is it more
about that this was an Obama legacy item
that this was a an Obama deal that he
just didn't like because it isn't like
Obama Katie what we heard was not
foreign policy it was vandalism there
was no coherent argument against the
deal as such there was a misstatement of
its elements and I say it's vandalism
because the essential nature that was to
dismantle something that President Obama
had done but I there was there was no
reasoned argument here there was a
misstatement of its elements and it was
also striking that there was a range of
options that President Trump could have
taken visibly the sanctions which indeed
will take some time to reimpose and so
there has been hope in European capitals
that he would take a more moderate
approach create another negotiating
space and in fact he as we just heard
took a really tough line there was no
sense that there is room for further
negotiation in fact it rather reminded
me in the worst way of the run-up to the
to the Iraq war and the kind of heated
rhetoric that we heard then I don't
think that we're on the verge of a new
conflict but I think we're setting in
motion today a process that could well
lead to conflict down the road well when
you're talking about the lead up to the
Iraq war I think it's only fair to
mention that John Bolton is now Donald
Trump's national security adviser and
indeed if you look at John Bolton's past
you know on the three key issues on Iraq
on Iran and North Korea in each of those
he kind of embodied a hard-line hawkish
path and in each of those three cases
his policy failed he in Iraq most
obviously in Iran he helped kill didn't
kill it
a European negotiation that would have
solved the problem back in 2004 and in
North Korea in 2002 he killed the agreed
framework which
after it was killed there in North Korea
as then set in motion its present system
with up to 16 nuclear warhead so I think
we've tried that approach and I think
this failed pretty abysmally diplomacy
doesn't work great and and the Iran deal
genuinely doesn't have flaws but it
seems preposterous to blow it up without
having anything else to put in its place
at Rita what's your reaction I think
it's I agree with Nick but I also want
to say I think it is more dangerous to
underestimate how this can lead to war
than to overestimate it I've been
following this very closely and I see a
pattern in which we consistently
underestimate how hawkish and how
aggressive Trump will go forward the
Europeans were very late to this game
they kept on thinking that Trump
wouldn't do this so the effort they put
into place to try to convince and not to
do so was very very late in the game and
they woke up very late in and just two
days ago they thought that he might
still not do this instead what did he do
he didn't just kill the deal he actually
reimpose the sanctions in the most
aggressive way that he possibly could
have so I think we should be very
careful not to think that this actually
does start a process that very likely
will lead to military confrontation
unless something is done to stop it
Brian why was the deal put in place in
the first place the deal was put in
place to constrain Iran's nuclear
program it's no secret that they had a
nuclear weapons program as Prime
Minister of Israel talked about last
week we knew all that and there was
broad consensus among us the Europeans
and our partners in the Middle East that
a nuclear-armed Iran was not an outcome
that we want it so the prime objective
of the agreement was to constrain their
program at the time they were within two
to three months of so-called breakout of
possibly having a weapon and the deal
postpones that and buys us until at
least the middle of the next decade some
of the constraints and for a longer
period all of the constraints and gets
us verification it's not about trusting
or believing the Iranians are good guys
we know they are not it's on the
assumption that they might cheat but we
have much more intrusive inspection
regime through the international
Makenna T Agency than we had before
Washington Post has a good piece on that
today about how the inspectors are both
on the ground and watching videos and
getting information we never could have
had without this Agreement hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
