let's move on here New York Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman has resigned
in the wake of abuse allegations he made
the announcement last night following an
article published in The New Yorker
reporting claims that he had been
violent toward four women two of the
women alleged that he repeatedly hit
them often after drinking frequently in
bed and never would their consent
both women also said that Schneiderman
threatened to kill them if they broke up
with them Sneiderman spokesperson told
The New Yorker that he quote never made
any of these threats
Sneiderman issued a statement denying
the allegations writing in part the
privacy of intimate relationships I have
engaged in role-playing and other
consensual sexual activity I have not
assaulted anyone
I have never engaged in non-consensual
sex which is a line I would not cross
Sneiderman ex-wife also came out against
the accusations calling them quote
completely inconsistent with the man I
know who has always been someone of the
highest character outstanding values and
a loving father but following the
article top New York Democrats including
Governor Andrew Cuomo and senator
Kirsten Gillibrand began calling for
Schneiderman to resign last night
Schneiderman issued a second statement
again contesting the allegations but
also announcing that he would be
stepping down he wrote in part while
these allegations are unrelated to my
professional conduct or the operations
of the office they will effectively
prevent me from leading the offices work
at this critical time Snyderman a
Democrat has been a prominent supporter
of the me2 movement he filed suit
against disgraced movie mogul Harvey
Weinstein earlier this year
Snyderman has also been a vocal critic
of Donald Trump for years dating back to
Schneiderman's lawsuits against Trump
University joining us now from
Washington staff writer for The New
Yorker and the lead story of in the
story that brought down New York's
Attorney General Jane Mayer it is great
to have you back on the show give us a
sense of your reporting on this
and they it's at this point allegations
but he has decided to step down you've
spoken on the record to how many women
total well we spoke with for women who
are described in a story two of them are
on the record and you know the word they
use to describe their experience with
former Attorney General Schneiderman is
that he assaulted them and and two of
them are on the record saying so I mean
these are really serious charges and his
statement I think you can see in it
because he's still not really
understanding his effect and how he was
seen and felt by these women and it took
an awful lot for them to come forward
but they felt they really had to they
were several of them came forward
because they said they couldn't stand
that idea that another woman was gonna
go through this so let me take a pause
we're gonna fix your microphone we could
hear you but we want it to sound a
little better so stand by for Jane and
Willie just looking at the details of
this story it appears that some of these
women are pointing to a pattern that
seems to match up in terms of how they
were treated and they have a number of
corroborations real-time collaborations
they have a physician looking at the one
woman who alleges that she was smacked
so hard in the side of the head that her
ear bled for some time and continued to
the doctor said it was consistent with
trauma to that ear the this from
beginning to end is one of the most
serious appalling sickening litanies of
violence toward women that that we've
read and I would ask you Jane just the
the process by which these women came to
you
I can't imagine and then you get into in
the article and they do to what it took
for them to step forward to take on and
make these allegations that have ended
his career a man so powerful a man who
told them quote I am the law as it to
say you don't want to test me on this it
took a lot I mean and they're there it
kind of was one came forward and she
thought she was all alone and basically
through happens
coincidence discovered that there was
another woman who sent her a note
through friends saying you're not alone
and the two of them then met and it made
her realize if I'm not alone who's next
and as she then became much more sort of
determined to speak out and and and one
by one they they most of them have not
even ever spoken to each other but one
by one they began to agree to speak to
us when they realized that there were
others and and what to me as the
reporter was so striking so to speak was
this that there's such a pattern of
behavior I was hearing the same thing
over and over again he slapped me he
choked me
he said horribly degrading things in bed
and he would keep slapping me across the
face they would say you know until I
promised or repeated after him what he
was saying and threatened to kill them
by the way he he threatened to kill them
if they would leave him he said he could
tap one of their phones have her
followed these women were really
frightened I he's the highest ranking
law enforcement official in New York or
he was until last night okay this is
just an incredible piece of journalism
and this sourcing is so impeccable and I
wonder how much just the New Yorkers
reputation for having such airtight
stories contributed to how quick of a
turnaround I don't know that there's
ever been anyone who resigned as quickly
as Eric Schneiderman chose to step down
I think it was about four hours it took
I someone told me it was two hours and
57 minutes I I don't know I I think it
is and we were aware when we were
working on this that we also we owed it
to these women if they were coming
forward to put the two make sure that
this was an airtight case they did not
have some that couldn't be torn apart
and leaving them out there on a limb so
we looked at medical records we looked
at photographs that a one woman took of
herself after having been hit and we got
them on the record so that they no one
could say that they didn't really exist
and these are credible people they are
so sadly
for him his supporters there he's a
progressive feminist women jaina the
many appalling details in this story is
the one that in many cases these women
went to they told their friends about
the these the violence that have been
perpetrated against it and they were
told well not only is he a big deal but
he's also important to democratic
politics he's a star of democratic
politics so don't do this do we have a
sense of who those people are are they
politicians are they Democrats we may
have heard of in other words this come
has sort of a message from the party I
think it came from a number of Democrats
in the past and I think what what
happened was that particular woman
this was back maybe almost a decade ago
when she tried to make waves about this
people said be quiet he's too important
to valuable as a politician but now with
the sort of change in it's a new day
with it with the me2 movement and after
with the reporter story and the
Democratic Party is not there's kind of
a zero tolerance policy I think now we
haven't quite seen the same thing in the
Republican Party but it's certainly true
in the Democratic Party Jane just give
us a sense because in terms of how
thorough the reporting is here you have
pictures you have doctors reports any
other physical evidence text messages
things yes I have we have lots of that
and and there's also a photograph of him
he part of this is that he they all said
he had a tremendous drinking problem and
there's a photograph of him after he
fell down and needed stitches he'd
fallen down after drinking a lot and
gone to the emergency room and his staff
and he worked out of story cover story
where they'd say that he fell running
but his girlfriend at the time speaks on
the record saying no he told me he'd
been drinking and and this is a kind of
a theme that runs through it too what
about like text messages were things
that would show the threatening nature
or the the of the way he spoke to them
abusive they said he was very careful
about what he put in writing there was
one text message I saw I I think I can't
describe it here right now but it
basically in words to the effect of
politics is a rough business watch
yourself when she was beginning to speak
out Wow okay
that just all leads to the quick
resignation Jane Mayer thank you very
much thank you Jane yeah thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
