I'd Steve Kornacki it's hard to find any
trend lines over the past week that
don't overwhelmingly favor Republican
Senate candidates what what can you tell
us right now yeah I mean especially when
you say on the Senate side Nate I think
we have to go into the discussion of the
Senate just acknowledging the
battleground there to begin with is
already on Trump territory but largely
it's ten Democrats trying to defend
seats in Trump States one Republican
trying to defend a seat in a Clinton
State Heller in Nevada but the biggest
movement I think the most significant
movement potentially we're seeing on the
Senate front the one that jumps out is
Tennessee Tennessee was sort of this
surprise target that emerged for
Democrats over the summer Phil Bredesen
very personally popular former governor
not to attach to his national party's
image within the state he unexpectedly
got in the Senate race he has led in
polls in the spring and summer led in
our own NBC News mayor's poll but in the
last week we've seen two separate polls
come out in Tennessee now one that shows
him falling behind by five points one
that shows him falling behind by eight
points there's another one that's sort
of in the field right now I'm very
interested to see what the final result
there is if we've got three showing a
pretty steady gap therefore bredis and
then I think we start to say something
significant maybe has changed in that
race and again this is one of those when
you're a Democrat trying to stitch
together a path to a senate majority
tennessee was really emerging as
something close to an essential state
for you especially because some of the
other big movement we seem to be seeing
is in North Dakota and North Dakota is
probably the single most vulnerable
Democratic seat on the map that's Heidi
Heitkamp running in a state that Trump
carried by 36 points in 2016
Heitkamp falling behind by 11 points in
one poll last week and that 11 point gap
came before she announced her opposition
to the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to
the Supreme Court so again if you if you
lose a Cavanaugh seat and your Democrats
right and at that point you got to pick
up in Arizona that's doable you got to
pick up a Nevada that's doable but then
you're gonna need like a Tennessee or a
Texas also the polling news not
encouraging for Democrats the latest
polling is out of Texas either well
again and the red is
of the red states whether you're talking
about Texas whether you're talking about
Tennessee whether you're talking about
North Dakota you know you're right
something happened
can the Cavanaugh fight happened and
that was a battle that was on Republican
ground that that was like robert e lee
sending his soldiers up Pickett's Charge
except it was Democrats over the past
several week and those red red states
that were running straight up the hill
into political gunfire let me ask you
Steve what you thought about the
Washington Post article and the poll
that they conducted yesterday that came
out about the 40s it was at 46 or 66 of
the most highly contested swing
districts actually 69 and there were I
guess there's a Democrats at a
four-point lead the Democrats see that
as positive news or does that show
perhaps some slippage there as well yeah
no they see it as positive news but it's
very tough to know exactly what that
number means because you know we don't
have past polling from these 69
districts to show you how they looked
you know exactly a couple years ago we
also it would be helpful if you're gonna
sort of take an assortment of 69
districts instead of getting a number
from across those 69 I'd be curious to
get the individual race numbers because
one possibility there is you know is
there a handful of districts
particularly these suburban districts
that Republicans represent but that
Hillary Clinton won in 2016 is there a
handful of those districts that's
potentially driving that number and sort
of unevenly distributing the Democratic
strength so I'm not quite sure what to
make of it except I think it speaks to
the bigger picture trend or storyline
that I think we've always known is there
with the house and that is in these
metropolitan suburban areas of the
country right outside Washington DC
right outside Denver right outside
Kansas City
you know Southern California you can
find a bunch of a new jersey you could
find a bunch of examples of it around
the country the democratic energy there
has been off the charts since day one of
the Trump administration and I expect us
to be seeing blue waves in these
metropolitan areas around the country
the question though becomes is it a
national blue wave that's enough to get
Democrats passed 23
seats or does it just become a series of
isolated metropolitan waves so one guy
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
