yes that was the one word that Rudy
Guiliani could not say must not say the
defense of Donald Trump is and always
has been a just say no defense say no to
anything anyone has accused him of or
might ever accuse him of and so when
Rudy Giuliani was asked yesterday on
television if Donald Trump's hush-money
Handler Michael Cohen has made hush
money payments to women other than
stormy Daniels Rudy Giuliani was
supposed to give a trump-like answer
filled with mumbo-jumbo and misdirection
and maybe even a legal term or two but
under no circumstances was the word yes
supposed to be anywhere in or near that
answer avoiding years of no answers is a
lawyerly skill so of course lawyer Rudy
Giuliani would have no problem handling
a question like that for his new client
the President of the United States did
Michael Cohen make payments to other
women for the president I'd have no
knowledge of that but I would think if
it was necessary yes yes it would be
hard to find a lawyer anywhere in
America who would allow the word yes
into the answer to that question but
Donald Trump is found one Rudy Giuliani
shares Donald Trump's problem of always
saying too much if Giuliani's answer was
going to begin with I have no knowledge
of that it should have ended right there
but when you watch his interviews you
will see that he literally does not know
how to stop talking on Friday the
president had this explanation for what
a terrible job Rudy Giuliani has been
doing for him on TV last week he's a
great guy that was of course a stunning
lie Rudy Giuliani's very public first
day on the job as Trump defense lawyer
was two weeks ago not yesterday even if
the president wasn't lying and Rudy
Giuliani really did start yesterday that
is no excuse for a lawyer giving
reckless answers on TV to get the club
that get the clients in even more
trouble and for Rudy Guiliani to say yes
to the question of did Michael Cohen
make payments to other woman women Rudy
Giuliani would have had to been born
yesterday here is the best Rudy Giuliani
could do when George Stephanopoulos
asked him if the President does
acknowledge meeting stormy Daniels well
it depends on it turns watching me by
matter well yeah there's the pointer
right there I just want to get that that
fact on the table is Giuliani the only
person in America who doesn't know that
there is a famous photograph of Donald
Trump with stormy Daniels meeting stormy
Daniels so it's impossible not to
acknowledge that they met even if
Giuliani started on the case yesterday
isn't he supposed to know at least that
reports indicate that Giuliani has been
speaking to the president every day of
the last couple of weeks but you'd never
know that on Sunday if you'd listened to
Rudy Giuliani explaining how and when
the president reimbursed Michael Cohen
for the hundred and thirty thousand
dollars paid to stormy Daniels the other
day you also told BuzzFeed though that
at some point after the 2016 election
Michael Cohen had complained to some
people that he hadn't been paid by
Donald Trump and that so then you said
Cohen met with Trump and told him and
Giuliani said that will cover your
expenses they worked out this $35,000 a
month retainer after that so so the
President did know about this after the
campaign I can't say that I mean I at
some point yes but it could have been
recently it could have been a while back
those are the facts that we're still
working on and that you know maybe in a
little bit of dispute this is more rumor
than it is anything else
you said that to BuzzFeed but here's the
mean that's that's one of the
possibilities and one of the rumors the
reality is you stated it is fact well
maybe I did but I was right now I'm at
the point where I'm learning and they I
can only I can't prove that I can just
say it's rumor I could prove its rumor
but I can't prove its fact yeah
we will you but you've said as it is
amused said as a matter of fact on
Hannity and BuzzFeed you talk to the
well I don't know how do you separate
fact an opinion I don't know how do you
do that so Rudy Guiliani suddenly starts
labeling things that he has declared to
be facts as rumors he's calling his own
answers on Fox News rumors and having
done that he says he does not know how
to separate facts from rumors and so
right on schedule tonight Politico is
reporting a Hooley on e headline that
reads Trump grows frustrated with
Giuliani as stormy drama rages on
political reports the president has been
griping to Associates that Rudy Giuliani
his new personal attorney has failed to
shut down the stormy Daniels hush money
saga and he has expressed frustration
that Giuliani's media appearances are
raising more questions than they are
answering turning the story into a days
long drama capped by the admission
sunday that the President may have made
similar payments to other women for now
White House aides said Giuliani still
has a direct line into Trump the two
speak almost daily but some aides said
they expect the President to fire
Giuliani if his behavior doesn't change
instead of deflecting a question about
the possibility of the president taking
the fifth amendment yesterday something
any real lawyer could do with these
here's how Rudy Giuliani handled it are
you confident the president will not
take the fifth in this case oh how could
I ever be confident of that
Giuliani then rambled on for several
more sentences but actually added
nothing to the answer which amounts to
maybe the president will take the fifth
amendment how would I know and then came
the all-important legal question that we
have been asking on this program for
many months now what happens if Robert
Muller subpoenas the president will you
comply well we don't have to he's the
president United States we can assert
the same privilege as other presidents
have President Clinton negotiated a deal
in which he
admit the effectiveness is a subpoena to
testify before you but he did testify
before the grand jury the president
willing to do that but only for two and
a half hours only with a an arranged
format would we be the one to do that
I'd rather have the Hillary Clinton
treatment and once again Rudy Giuliani
rambled on without adding anything
substantive to his answer and so his
answer is the President does not have to
comply with a subpoena from the special
prosecutor as to Giuliani's wiseguy
non-legal comment about wanting the
Hillary Clinton treatment as First Lady
Hillary Clinton was subpoenaed to
testify to the special prosecutor's
grand jury which she did for more than
four hours and as a former Secretary of
State she testified under oath to the
Benghazi committee for eleven hours
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
