were they in this white house that's a
good question I think there are various
members of the administration most of
them who don't go on camera because
being on camera is a compromising place
to be but I think there are a lot of
people in this administration who are
serving the country admirably and
diligently and don't put themselves in
positions to be front you know you know
to speak for this White House because
speaking for this White House is a
dangerous position can you trust the
president I don't know if you can trust
this president but I'm not sure if you
can trust any president there is
politics involved so I mean are there
Dera degrees absolutely but there's
politics involved in every aspect of the
presidency Eddie what does that say to
you he just hedged his bets I think that
you can't trust Donald Trump Donald
Trump has state he is a reflection of
this fact that lying has become one of
the principal political currencies of
our time
he's a reflection of the crisis that's
at the heart of our democracy and we
just need to call it out for what it is
no he's a liar I don't know the Bush
administration you could talk about the
lead up to the Iraq war and you could
argue well they were lying then and that
got us into a war that we're still
feeling the effects of maybe that's more
serious and Donald Trump lying about a
payment to a Hornstein hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
