the sprint to the midterms speeds up
tomorrow in the States you should be
watching include Ohio Indiana North
Carolina and West Virginia
we know that race is what the president
is watching because he has a message to
West Virginians that they have in his
words a really great chance to keep
making a big difference problem is Don
Blankenship he says currently running
for Senate can't win the general
election in your state no way
remember Alabama vote for Jenkins or
Morrissey Don Blankenship of course is
the very controversial candidate running
in that Republican primary and just
within the last couple hours he is
clapping back saying the president is a
very busy man and he doesn't know me and
he doesn't know how flawed my two main
opponents are in this primary he says
tomorrow West Virginia will send the
swamp a message no one and I mean no one
will tell us how to vote and some have
said I am Trump e'er than Trump and this
morning proves it
Shauna Thomas with Vice news and Eugene
Scott with the Washington Post are back
with me now okay quick reminder on who
Don Blankenship is okay former coal CEO
served a year energy yes yep served a
year in prison by the way for a 2010
coal mine explosion that killed 29
people yep at Massey he made headlines
you we've talked about him a little bit
and I think I have a graphic to show
this too he's called Mitch McConnell
cocaine Mitch and a campaign ad referred
to his father-in-law is a China person
okay like it's night he's McConnell is
discovery of cocaine toes found smuggled
on our transport ship oh my McConnell's
father-in-law in 2014 no charges were
filed the base of the post packed
checker says this is a kooky tail gives
Blankenship four Pinocchios for this
fine
that's Blankenship start with him being
Trump II er than trunk yeah
is he Trump beer than Trump can anybody
be Trump beer than Trump well I mean he
is definitely following Trump's PlayBook
in that he has decided that Mitch
McConnell represents the swamp and that
he is going to run as hard as he can
against Mitch McConnell it's so much so
that he's bringing his wife
Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao is
of Asian descent into the conversation
in a way that is even further than dog
whistling and I think in some ways that
does make him Trump here in the Trump we
talked a lot about Trump's dog whistles
on the campaign trail he basically is
just whistling he's just plain whistling
here's the thing literally about three
minutes ago we we got an interview I
think with Don Blankenship I don't even
know what he's saying because we just
got it let's play it
I'm sure he's getting that information
from those that don't want me to get
elected in order to drain the swamp and
so he's misinformed I'm sure so that's
an interview it looks like with a local
affiliate wz t STV Blankenship saying
the president is misinformed about him
which is why the president is speaking
out against him do you buy that I think
it's very possible I mean what we did
see in that tweet was not really an
endorsement of his opponents as much as
a rejection of Blankenship he said vote
for either one of these people but I
think one thing we have to remember is
that with the Roy Moore situation in
which Trump brought up himself right
he may have rejected him in the primary
but when it came down to the general he
got behind Roy Moore and so the question
is will he get behind Blankenship if
Blankenship Pacific you're writing about
this this morning and your point is
basically not Ken Blankenship win but
should he win and you're arguing no he
should not I mean I think you should not
probably send people to the Senate who
used terms that have been proven to be
racist this is not the first GOP
candidate since Trump got in the White
House who's done something oh wait a
second now Blankenship is saying even if
he loses this primary he's hinting maybe
he'll run as a third party yeah
if this joe Manchin's like like yeah the
day before the primary I think so I mean
I think especially if Blankenship lost
the primary but got in as an independent
and pulled the more of those votes away
from your more traditional Republicans
that would be the I mean I think that
means Joe Manchin gets to be your next
senator from West Virginia for another
six years right do you think it's
interesting like President Trump is doc
is is documenting the race correctly
everyone there's a lot of people who
believe Lincoln ship cannot beat Joe
Manchin President Trump is kind of right
about that the weird part about this is
the inability because he doesn't want to
piss off either person and the the
recipe I hope we can primary to decide
they say vote for it and because of that
there is a thought that they could split
the primary vote which gets you
Blankenship hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
