thank you all for being here this
evening to try and sort through exactly
what the heck happened over the course
of the last week fill record can you
just kind of start with an overview of
where we are at the White House right
now what does the president think of the
job that Rudy Giuliani is doing is he on
solid footing or is there still some
distance between them well he's on
relatively solid footing I think if he
were not he would not be doing these
interviews every day and this has been
going on for five or six days now the
President did say Friday that he thought
Rudy Giuliani needed to get his facts
straight but confident that he would my
colleague Bob Costas ought to Rudy
Giuliani this afternoon after the
interviews this morning and he said he
spent the day with the president at the
golf course in Virginia and Trump was
pleased with his media blitz and his
performance and and feels like they're
in a good place it's important to keep
in mind though that what Giuliani is
doing and his conversations with Trump
is totally separate from the White House
the White House senior staff have no
idea what Rudy's doing they're not
booking his interviews I think over his
talking points this is very much a rogue
operation that the president's personal
attorney is doing Ken Vogel the the
switch that I seemed to sense meet the
president of Friday saying Rudy Giuliani
needs to get his facts straight
midweek he seemed very certain that
Michael Cohen had in fact been
reimbursed for this by Sunday he's on
I think ABC saying well sometimes this
happens sometimes kind of is that an
example of him getting his facts
straight or just confusing the issue
yeah not at all he's doing a really bad
job you talk to all the Republican
campaign finance attorneys even the ones
who were sympathetic to Trump and the
one there's a lot of ambiguity there's a
lot of questions but the one thing
everyone agrees is that Rudy Giuliani
has no idea what campaign finance law
implications there might be here now the
fact that he actually admitted that
Trump reimburses payment is significant
because it speaks of truthfulness but I
do think that the degree to which his
subsequent explanations about what the
purpose was or when Trump knew and the
significance of those may be a bit
overstate it really doesn't matter what
Rudy Giuliani is saying it matters what
the intent was of these payments when
they were made and who knew about them
at the time that they were made Rudy
Giuliani says he doesn't know about that
he's just speaking out of turn to some
extent there could be some additional
light shed on this because there were
documents seized from Michael Cohen's
hotel room and his office by the FBI
that could really answer these questions
but as of right now just a bunch of
speculation about who knew what when
Joyce Vance can I get you to weigh in
here I mean is this potentially
overstated what are the real rubber
meets the road legal implications of
Giuliani kind of changing his story the
president can't be held accountable for
Giuliani's statement in court so it's
not like these statements become
evidence that's used against the
president at some point but the problem
is the constantly shifting stories and
the president's response to them which
could at the end of the day help molar
other prosecutors or Congress refine a
case against him Michael Schmidt kind of
get you to wait to weigh in on that I
mean how what if you're Bob Muller what
are you're taking away from the events
of the last week well in all of the
things that came up the one thing we
didn't talk about is the new explanation
he provided for why Comey was fired so
in the guise of the Fox interview he
says by the way the reason that Comey
was fired because he wouldn't say that
Trump was not under investigation that
undercuts everything that the White
House has said about that but what it
does do is it echoes what Comey says in
the memos Comey laying out and while I
know the stormy Daniels thing is more
salacious that may actually cut more to
the question of obstruction well and
it's it's
would you say that it's a little bit
closer to what Trump told Lester Holt
where he said that the Russia
investigation Giulio was involved this
Russian thing right so I mean to
Michael's point is Rudy Giuliani coming
closer to to that then you know because
they obviously reversed and said no no
it has nothing to do with that right I
mean I think Giuliani tried to go back
and say well under the president's
powers he could fire whoever he wants
that was never
under question but what was under
question was intent and I think that he
really laid bare those intentions the
interview with Lester Holt Trump said
this Russia thing it had to go away but
it left a lot of ambiguity over what
exactly it was what he had a problem
with and now it really seems it's
exactly like James Comey laid out it had
to do with Trump in Russia it wasn't
that he was trying to protect how all of
these other people who could be indicted
who worked on his campaign it was really
him he wanted to know that he would be
saved by his own FBI director and
obviously that was something coming
couldn't promise him so when the
president wants Julie I need to get his
facts straight I think it would be over
that it would also be over these
payments to women but now we see him
coming out today creating more damage
saying there could be other payments
which I think it's just more bread
crumbs for all of us to go follow right
we haven't even we haven't even touched
on that the the additional potential
payments to other women I mean I can't
like that opens an entire can of worms
that I mean how on earth is the
president still absolutely and so Rudy
Giuliani said there could be other
payments to women he also seemed to
discount this $130,000 payment to stormy
Daniels as though it's not that much
money this is the kind of thing that
happens all the time it would be a big
to a lot of Americans this is a pretty
extraordinary circumstance to pay off
this this adult films actress and so you
know Giuliani is just talking about a
different world that people can't relate
to I think we have the sound that we
were just talking about about Rudy
Giuliani talking about these additional
payments let's take a look did Michael
Khan make payments to other women for
the president I'd have no knowledge of
that but I would think if it was
necessary yes there were other things
involved that had nothing to do with
stormy Daniels I'm just going to skip
over the part where we have to think
about why it would be necessary to pay
off additional women but Michael Schmitt
I mean what what does this mean in the
in the context of this investigation I
mean do we we don't seem to know that
there were necessarily any other
payments but that does seem like more
formal or did they get well one of the
issues that the Trump legal team has had
and Cowen's legal team is understanding
what was actually in the documents that
were taken from Cullen's office and I
think
at least in those the week or so after
the raid in New York the lawyers didn't
feel like they were getting a fair idea
from the clients about what actually is
in these things and they were
acknowledging that they were more
concerned about the New York
investigation than they were Muller's
investigation because they had no idea
what was actually in there and simply
the idea of years and years of Donald
Trump
you know deals and such with his
personal lawyer nothing good could come
out of it now they have a better idea of
it because the government has given them
copies of it to examine but obviously we
don't know right let's let's talk for a
second - at Ken Vogel your colleagues at
the New York Times had a lengthy and
fascinating I thought story profile
almost of Michael Cohen and his
potential
you know criminal ties ties to the
Russian mob his taxi business that you
know is scaled onto into questionable
loans for various real estate deals I
mean this guy I think there was somebody
quoted in the story who came from a
mainstream Bank I believe it was PNC who
basically said this is the kind of guy
that we wouldn't want to touch and that
this and yet this is the person who's
defending Donald Trump yeah and it
provides a real window into trumps world
of real estate and business this is a
guy who
yes he's involved in all these sort of
disparate ventures but the one thing
that you cannot do is extricate them
from Trump it is that he has been in
Trump's world and and one of the closest
people to Donald Trump on the business
side personally on the legal side for
four decades and that is something that
that poses serious problems for for
Trump both in terms of questions about
his loyalty ongoing and whether he might
provide you might flip and provide
information and also what they might
find about Trump's business as they try
to as they the prosecutors and the FBI
try to sort through Cohen's businesses
something that I think it's kind of get
left out of the conversation about
payments to women it's yes 130-thousand
can seem like nothing to someone like
Trump but to someone who is running for
president these allegations are very
serious on their own so the fact that
there could be other women that may have
come up that first of all Giuliani
doesn't know about that says something
about the relationship between Trump and
Giuliani right now if that be the case
then also the relationship between Cohen
and Trump I mean if they were at a place
where he would have really just paid
these women off and never brought it up
to Trump's attention that shows it that
this was a recurring pattern I mean that
but shouldn't be the thing that his
lawyer should be putting out there
talking about Giuliani saying that this
was a common thing and he might not know
about it so I think that while the money
might seem like not that big of a deal
you would want to know about those
allegations even if they're baseless
especially if you're in politics and
you're putting yourself out there in the
public sphere
yeah and in Joyce Vance does does Rudy
Giuliani's kind of you know he brought
this up in the beginning because he
wanted to argue that this wasn't a
violation of campaign finance law that
this regardless of how it was handled
but that certainly wasn't the problem
did he get that right in your view he he
got it wrong and he got it wrong in
multiple ways it was a lot like watching
a ping-pong match where he was hitting
the ball back and forth and then wildly
hitting it off the table and it would
Kareem around the walls the the latest
incarnation we heard was on Fox with
judge Jeanine where he said well you
know it wasn't a donation because he was
just trying to spare the family from
disgrace but even if it was a donation
it doesn't matter because he paid it
back and that's just not the law this
has made so close in time to the
campaign there's now a lot of evidence
that the payment was made in an effort
to influence the outcome of the election
and there's a lot of additional
information to come out here but the
bottom line legally is that if it was
willful and knowingly made this payment
in an effort to influence the election
it could well be into criminal territory
as opposed to just an administrative
campaign finance violation Ken Vogel do
you agree with that I mean youyou we've
had conversations before on this show or
you've essentially said look if this has
to do with the FEC I mean forget it it's
not going anywhere I mean you agree with
Joyce that this has gone beyond that if
there is a willful and knowing violation
of campaign finance law that wouldn't
necessarily be in the FCC's purview that
would be and that would be a federal law
enforcement matter to be handled by the
DOJ
and could carry criminal sanctions I am
just skeptical where I find that the
case has been made I think exaggerated
the degree to which the case is a slam
dunk is this idea that just because it
was it within proximity of the election
and just because Rudy Giuliani say can
you imagine if this came out in the last
debate that that proves that this was
made that this payment was made to
influence the election there are pretty
strict standards to show that something
the legal standards that are required to
be proven to show that something was
made to it that a payment was made to
influence a federal or any election and
I don't think that Rudy's saying that
meets that standard potentially again
with these documents that were seized
from Michael Cohen's office we might see
something that would get closer to that
standard but as of right now I'm
unconvinced full record kind of more
broadly here is yes choice I'm sorry go
ahead joke if I could just interject on
that I would agree it's far from a slam
dunk these sort of cases never are but
one thing that we know is the Southern
District of New York had probable cause
to pursue this allegation of a campaign
finance violation when they got the
search warrant so that tells us that
there was something there that let the
judge proceed forward with this far from
a slam dunk but definitely worth
following up on hmm so I was gonna ask
you right now it more broadly as
concerns Michael Cohen the case how
they're kind of making all of these
decisions are they operating under the
assumption that Cohen is cooperating
with prosecutors or have they not
reached that conclusion yet well they're
certainly operating on under the fear
that he could cooperate with prosecutors
I don't think they've concluded yet that
he is cooperated they think they still
could potentially convince them they're
very concerned that that could end up
happening ultimately and that there's
danger for the president in that
circumstance remember the the people the
other lawyers trying to help advise the
President on the Russian matter that the
advisors in the White House helping him
manage the political fallout don't know
the full extent of what was seized in
those raids on Cohen
did office and hotel room and place of
living and they don't know what kind of
documents are there they don't know what
other women may have been paid off they
don't know what other financial
arrangements there may be records for
that the federal investigators now have
so there's a lot of unknown and so
they're operating under a fear that
things could be very bad hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
