having something to do with paying some
stormy Daniels woman 130,000 I mean
which is gonna turn out to be perfectly
legal they funneled it through a law
firm funnel through law firm and the
president we paid it oh I didn't know he
did however imagine if that came out on
October 15th 2016 a little of the you
know last debate with Hillary Clinton
making it go away they they made this
whole he didn't even ask Cohen Cohen
made it go away he did his job welcome
back to am joy well really really
Giuliani has been a prominent Trump
supporter for years and a Trump legal
adviser for just over two weeks but
rarely has someone so eager to help done
so much damage to their cause in so
little time
in two separate TV appearances this week
on the friendly ground of Fox News no
less Giuliani announced that Trump had
in fact reimbursed Michael Cohen's 130
thousand dollar payoff the store
McDaniels and made a direct connection
between quashing Daniels sexual
allegations and the campaign that forced
his boss to come out on Friday and do
some damage control
you'll get his back straight he's a
great guy
not to be deterred Giuliani has kept at
it
snagging a booking with the drum piest
Fox News host of all this side of Sean
Hannity judge Jeanine Pirro and from the
looks of it he did indeed get his facts
straight it kind of gives the American
people a glimpse of what we have to deal
with day in and day out with the abuses
not so much of Bob Muller but of the
people that work for him I mean they're
way over the top when you look at the
questions they propound
what do you think what do you feel it's
like come on in and commit perjury
shorting me now eric volar
CU writer at share of blue Jonathan
Capehart and Jennifer Rubin at the
Washington Post in Rochelle Barnard
called visit roll call
okay panel I just have to play you guys
the first 38 seconds are gonna play you
the first 38 seconds of Rudy Giuliani's
interview this morning on this week with
George Stephanopoulos I just have to
play it for you and then I will give it
to you to react in any way that you so
choose the president does acknowledge
meeting stormy Daniels correct you know
I'm not really involved in the Daniels
thing so I don't I don't know I mean he
denies did it happen she has written a
letter denying it well we do have a
picture of them together so the
president well it depends on it turns
watching me by matter well yeah there's
a picture right there I just want to get
that bad fact on the table well looks
like my friend Donald Trump before he
was president but and that looks like
the woman who was on Saturday Night Live
last night that's right but does the now
that's pretty ended got if I were a boy
I'd be very upset fame and fortune let
me make money how is she damaged that
was the beginning of the interview yeah
he's had quite a week right Rudy Rudy
Giuliani is an attorney the way Michael
Cohen is an attorney and
so Trump clearly hired his mini-me
right I mean Rudy has become this
buffoon he's a liar
the idea that he's filing legal briefs
down in DC as a joke he hasn't given in
a courtroom in in 30 years he's
basically like communications director
for impeachment and he's just kind of
out there running interference but a key
point and then he made it there his job
is to conflate the Russia investigation
right the hush-money investigation so
last night he said you know he was asked
will you walk back this stuff about the
hush money he says well I'm just
learning the facts we've got 1.2 million
documents well that's for the Russian
that has nothing to do with hush money
yeah and the other quick point is Fox
and Rudy and the White House are
confused they don't have a villain right
they can't blame Hillary they can't
blame the FBI and so this is this is why
it's so scattershot at this point yeah
okay well and speaking of the women
here's the next part here's another part
of the interview and this is Rudy
Giuliani again on this week asking about
the plan he said he's not involved in
the woman said he's not involved in the
stormy stuff at all but he was asked
about the possibility that Michael Cohen
paid even more women dick ilysm did
Michael Khan make payments to other
women for the president I'd have no
knowledge of that but I would think if
it was necessary yes
they have opened Pandora's box and I
guarantee you you're going to find
thousands of women jumping out I think
you know I have to say again putting on
like my white collar criminal defense
hat
can you imagine what Emmett flood from
the distinguished Williamson Connally
law firm the premier trial law firm in
the United States started by Edward
Bennett Williams who represented Adam
Clayton Powell Sam Giancana the
Washington Post Michael Milton Williams
and Connolly of the Brendan Sullivan I
am NOT a potted plant testimony before
Congress representing Oliver North is
thinking Rudi judy ollie is making his
defense of the president absolutely
impossible he puts his foot in his mouth
every single day he's making admissions
that are going to be admissible in court
it is a nightmare and I mean I was about
to give the president some advice and
say you got to get Giuliani off his team
but it'll probably only go from you know
from bad to worse there's one of several
explanations one he's a plant from
Bowler he's in declining mental state 3
he wants to get fired for he wants Trump
to get fired five some combination
thereof because nobody who is defending
an attorney
he also said by the way that he is just
learning the facts right it's right if
you're learning the facts what are you
doing on national television he has no
idea what campaign finance law is like
he has no idea what the Constitution
requires in this case he is now saying
things like the president doesn't have
to respond to a subpoena which clearly
he does US v Nixon he is really off the
wall and Donald Trump may not know
enough law to know how badly he's doing
but the rest of us should do and it is
somewhere between amusing and horrifying
yeah look can I just I'm gonna come to
your second Jonathan let's remind
ourselves that Rudy Giuliani was a
prosecutor he was he worked in the US
Attorney's Office he hired Jim Comey
they worked together right so he is he
was a former prosecutor but he
he is talking about the special
prosecutor robert muller and whether or
not doing an interview with him would
just be gone from walk into a trap again
from this week with George
Stephanopoulos what is the danger and
answering Robert because they're trying
to trap there you can't you couldn't put
a lawyer on this show who wants to keep
his law license to tell you he should
testify that's only true situation it
doesn't tell the truth no it isn't it's
only prosecutable if they have some
built up manipulated evidence to prove
the president didn't tell the truth well
is that happen if you have evidence that
proves he doesn't tell the truth and the
president didn't tell the truth no
people do things like lie people do
things like lied yes I don't have a
question Stephanopoulos this point it's
only a perjury trap if you didn't tell
the truth to begin with and you're not
going to tell the truth in response to a
question that is asked look Jennifer
just said this is a choice between
amusing and horrifying and I would like
to say that it is horrifyingly a music
the reason why Giuliani is on television
now I posit is because the field has
been wide open for stormy Daniels and by
extension michael avenatti michael
avenatti her attorney has been all over
television defending his client
supporting his client he's been at every
show every network
you know just pounding away at the fact
that you know she has a story to tell
and the president's and the president is
a liar he makes predictions what seem
like outlandish predictions half on
these shows and then lo and behold days
later if something happens that proves
him right
and so with Giuliani now coming from out
of nowhere being hired by the president
and his on television still after that
disastrous debut well he's only been on
the job for one day and now he is back
out compounding the errors what this
says to me is that the president the
president Massey has his entire
life plays in the court of public
opinion right Giuliani is out there
because the president wants someone out
there defending him yeah a bulldog who
will go out there and be as blunt and
nasty as he is on on every television
show
they don't care right now because
there's such short term thinkers they
don't care what kind of problems that
might create for them in the court of
law where it really matters and so
that's why I think hey Rudy you want to
go on television keep going on
television because it only makes it
worse for your client in the court of
law and you intimated just to make that
point I'm gonna give Michael avenatti a
chance to respond because he did add in
fact react to Rudy Giuliani who Jonathan
Capehart is essentially arguing just his
TV lawyer and he just wants a TV lawyer
that's also on TV just because Michael
haven√µt is on TV well here's Michael
avenatti reacting to the Rudy Giuliani
interview also
Vettel's on ABC this week George did
that interview just happen I mean I'm
not being spoofed right you heard you
heard the whole thing what's your
reaction it's an absolute unmitigated
disaster for Rudy Giuliani and the
president it's a train wreck I can't
believe that that actually just happened
I mean what we witnessed by Rudy
Giuliani may be one of the worst TV
appearances by any attorney on behalf of
a client in modern times you know Eric
the thing about what Donald Trump does
and what he wants and he's auditioned
several people he thought about Joe to
Jennifer but there was something with
the chemistry that didn't work that he
does it I think to Jonathan's point want
there to be a TV lawyer that's out there
defending him you know Jay Sekulow for
whatever reason isn't the one so that in
the Fox universe is one thing right but
when you then take that on the road yep
to ABC and when the clips from fonts are
outside the universe how does that
doesn't work and think about how many
times John Dowd and Ty Cobb er on TV in
the last 12 months defending their
client I think it was zero
yeah and for a good reason because if
you're a serious attorney you don't do
this again
he's the TV attorney and right and
that's so important this ABC once you
leave that Fox News bubble people were
making fun Sean Hannity come
what he was watching the Fox and Friends
their faces the faces are quite blank
when Trump called in last night
and as I said they haven't had a
narrative because they can't blame
Hillary they can't blame FBI they're
confused but it's still within that
circle it's still within that bubble the
Fox the base still loves it you go on
ABC you go on other outlets and it
doesn't fly that has always been the
problem when you super serve the base in
terms of a media strategy because once
you go outside of it it is a yeah and
let's play one more oh no going Jennifer
say there is one way in which Judy Rudy
Guiliani is very helpful and that is if
Trump later wants to claim that he had
inadequate representation Giuliani on
Jeanine Pirro last night and this was
one of the stranger clips because this
was Giuliani sort of doing a bit about
Hillary Clinton and just a reminder for
those who don't remember Rudy Giuliani
ran against Hillary Clinton for the
United States Senate before he withdrew
and this was just before he married his
soon-to-be ex-wife Judith Nathan I'm
having divorce jumped on Hanover that's
a lot of inside baseball in announcing
that on television and saying he was on
TV yeah so he's done some dramatic
things on TV before but this is Rudy
Giuliani and I believe Jeanine Pirro at
some point ran against Hillary Clinton
as well so they both have history with
Hillary Clinton here they are playing
out those feelings about Hillary live on
your TV when you juxtapose that against
the so-called investigation of Hillary
Clinton where she was basically given a
warning she deletes she waits fancy yeah
nice nice nice poor little Hillary we
got to be nice there we have to we have
to know under oath right we'll take that
now no under oath nope you a just note
FBI 302s
right and how about the report written
by that phony Jim Comey before even into
music what the hell was the interview
for judge I mean Jonathan you and I both
lived in New York you know in that Jill
in that Giuliani era and I just I feel
like there is the the personal animus
that you know as if you don't know the
history means you need Pierrot and and
really Julie has already Larry Clinton
this does not serve Donald Trump
defense for them to do that bet oh
poorly I don't even understand what that
does other than try to do what Eric said
which is to draw Hillary Clinton into
the story well she's not gonna be drawn
in I think it what we witnessed is
something else that Eric talked about
and that's there playing to the base
they're playing to that Fox audience for
whom Hillary Clinton is the Wicked Witch
of every direction you can think of and
if you want to rile the passions just
mention her name and then mention
President Obama's name and throwing some
black and brown people and you've got
right you've got them ginned up yeah
Rudy Giuliani has always been a nasty
man and that has not changed from the
time he was mayor to the time now what I
do question is where is he in terms of
his own internal workings yeah because
this is the same man who would chop your
head off if you even blinked the wrong
way at police and yet gives an interview
where he says that the FBI agents are
still true yeah yeah and generating his
own former very quickly go I just want
to add their way whether you like his
politics are not there was a time when
you could argue that Rudy Giuliani was
effective at whatever his mission was
sure that is absolutely not the case now
he is ginning up an ineffective
assistance of counsel claim it is a
complete disaster
Michael avenatti is beating them
hand-over-fist yet it is the Thrilla in
Manilla it is it's over it's gonna give
you the last word under there because as
a media matter
and you've you know followed and watched
the conservative media for a long time
could this even though we're here sort
of chuckling Anika might be working well
it's the same defense they've used for a
year and but boy it's it's tough because
you know even Neil Cavuto last week but
when you're when you're asked to defend
this as your job even II even he said I
can't do this he couldn't do what you're
just making up a timeline you're just
making them facts like I will defend you
as I've done every day I'm not gonna
look like an idiot every day now I think
most people at Fox are still willing to
do that but we're seeing some cracks and
it couldn't be problematic if you become
a laughingstock yeah which is what
Giuliani and Trump now have become in
the last week in a very serious way yeah
there
interesting Eric bowler thank you very
much Jonathan Capehart Jennifer Rubin
thank you all have a great rest of your
Sunday Michelle is sticking around and
coming up Democrats haven't even won
back the house yet and they're already
undermining the woman who could be
Speaker that makes perfect sense more am
joy after the frickin
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
