pretty nose into it done
he started yesterday he'll get his back
straight he's a great guy but what he
does is he feels it's the third best
thing for our country and he happens I
will tell you this I will tell you this
when Rudy made the statement Rudy's
great but Rudy had just started and he
wasn't totally familiar with every you
know with everything and Rudy we love
Rudy he's a special guy what he really
understands is that this is a witch hunt
good morning and welcome to am joy
Donald Trump began the week by
proclaiming it National Small Business
Week and he ended the week by doing
damage control over revelations that his
own lawyer made about a payoff to his
porn star less than one scare Moochie
that's ten days you and me into his new
job as Trump's attorney Rudy Giuliani
made a surprising claim about Michael
Cohen's 130 thousand dollar payment to
stormy Daniels that money was not
campaign money sorry I'm giving you a
fact now that you don't know it's not
campaign money no campaign finance
violation so they funneled it through
the law firm funnel throw law firm and
the president repaid it oh I didn't know
that he did yeah there's no campaign
finance law zero the president
reimbursed that over a period of several
minutes okay for those keeping track
that directly contradicts the
president's claim just weeks ago that he
didn't know about the stormy payment the
next day Juliane II went even further
however imagine if that came out on
October 15th 2016
in a little of the you know last debate
with Hillary Clinton making it go away
they they made this home he didn't even
ask Cohen did that Cohen made it go away
he did his job okay over Twitter on
Thursday trunk described the payments as
part of a retainer by Friday Trump was
trying to turn back time
what are changing any story but you have
to
excuse me you take a look at what I said
you go back and take a look you'll see
what I said you go take a look at what
we said okay so which is it did he or
did he not know that his own lawyer paid
for a porn star silence about their
alleged affair well according to the New
York Times citing two people familiar
with the agreement Trump knew about the
hush money for at least a few months
before he denied it to the press in
April
looks like National Small Business Week
was a hit joining me now
senior VP for social justice at the new
school Maya Wiley MSNBC legal analyst
Danny Cevallos former wass acute
watergate product prosecutor Nick
Ackerman I'm around is not working in
civil rights attorney Lisa bloom thank
you all for being here so let's start
Nick with the Giuliani has walked back
and sort of tried to correct the record
on the things he said his first part of
his statement was there is no campaign
violation the payment was made to
resolve a personal and false allegation
in order to protect the president's
family it would have been done in any
event whether he was a candidate or not
so he's saying you know it was personal
second part my references to timing were
not describing my understanding of the
president's knowledge but instead my
understanding of these matters okay so
you heard that worked with Rudy Giuliani
when he was a US Attorney here in New
York when you read his statements and
then his counter statements is it was he
a good lawyer is what are we looking at
bad lawyering what's going on here
what's going on here is the chief lawyer
is Donald J Trump he's taking all of his
cues from Donald Trump he is basically
just a shill for Donald Trump and what I
think is most upsetting is that he's
also taking on the entire rule of law
and undermining our system of justice
and attacking the FBI attacking the
attacking the US Attorney's Office I
mean he actually referred to the FBI
agents who executed a valid search
warrant on the office of Michael Cohen
as a bunch of stormtroopers now as part
of that US Attorney sort of alumni this
has raised major concerns among a lot of
us who have been communicating with each
other over the last few days and I think
it would be helpful just to read one of
the emails that I got that I think
really sums it up and it says I'm not
going to name the person who did it
obvious I haven't talked to him about
saying this on national TV but he said
for those who regard the United States
Attorney's Office in the Southern
District of New York as a model of what
a prosecutor's office should be it was
distressing to see the former leader of
that office Rudolph Giuliani telling
Sean Hannity that FBI agents acting
under the supervision of that office or
quote stormtroopers didn't he hire Jim
Comey he hired him he never fired him
he's now calling him a pathological liar
and if there is one thing you can say
about Jim Comey is he is not a liar he
may have bad judgment yeah he doesn't
lie and he's also attacking rod
Rosenstein now for this FISA warrant
when the fact of the matter is that FISA
warrant was initiated because of the
Trump campaigns own person George
papadopolis yeah mouthed off to somebody
in London over drinks about the fact he
was aware that the Russians had broken
into the Democratic National Committee
and it hacked all of the emails there's
a lot that's word about it Michael Daley
from The Daily Beast was on with me last
night sitting in for Chris Hayes and he
you know that Giuliani is somebody who's
incredibly close to the FBI to the New
York branch of the FBI so much so that
Comey was having him investigated for
whether he was getting advanced
knowledge of the Clinton investigation
from his friends they appear I mean
that's how close to us and it is all
very burbot my I want to come to you on
this because the the information we got
last night the Wall Street Journal first
set of speak and then the New York Times
so let's start with the Wall Street
Journal and this is now about the lines
of credit we knew that there was a
hundred and thirty thousand dollar loan
taken against his house by Michael Cohen
now we find it it's over seven hundred
thousand dollars in loans between him
and his wife accorded the journal in
February 2016 as mr. Trump's fortunes as
a presidential candidate Rose mr. Cohen
nearly doubled the amount that he could
use on a bank credit line on his
Manhattan apartment three months earlier
he gained potential access to another
five hundred and twenty nine thousand
dollars through a new mortgage he and
his wife cosign on a condo owned by her
parents in Trump world world tower now
the New York Times added to that by
saying one person close to the Trump
organizations that people at the company
were aware that mr. Cohen was still
doing legal work for the president in
2017 another person said that the person
who was running that
organizations the time didn't know it
because Donald Trump was apparently
reimbursing that this is what Giuliani
is trying to say that he takes up these
personal lines of credit seven hundred
and twenty nine thousand dollars or so
it's slash fun it's protect the protect
Donald Trump Donald Trump slash fight
and then he gets paid back in thirty
five thousand dollar-a-month increments
for quote-unquote legal work through the
Trump Organization is any of that legal
well first of all there are a lot of
facts we have to get before we can say
whether or not it's legal and certainly
certainly suggests that there's plenty
reason to in to be concerned that
they're very serious violations here
break of federal election laws obviously
because in there are if there are
payments being made right protect the
election of the president and remember
that we also have Wall Street Journal
has reported that their emails that
suggest that Michael Cohen was
complaining about not being repaid right
for the loans that that for this loan
transaction for making the stormy
Daniels the Stephanie Clifford pain go
away
go away that certainly suggests one
willfulness on the part of the president
meaning that there was knowledge
remember he also doesn't have to have
knowledge of every single individual
transaction right because the reality is
he can be charged with being part of the
conspiracy so if he set up a campaign
slush fund with promises to Michael
Cohen to repay the loan right that puts
him in a conspiracy yeah actually that
would be a violation feather and Danny I
also wonder if Michael Cohen goes to the
bank twice and says I need two hundred
thousand dollars to remodel my kitchen
but he really wants the two hundred
thousand dollars to be part of a slush
fund and then he goes to it he and his
wife go to the bake it say we need five
hundred thousand dollars to remodel our
bathroom in our mansion or whatever and
then they use the money as part of a
slush fund in and of itself is that
illegal money creates a trail it has to
wake up somewhere it has to end up
somewhere and these kinds of
transactions raise all kinds of problems
not the least of which is when you march
into a bank or you write life or a
mortgage you put down certain statements
and those statements have to be true so
you have to wonder what is on that
statement is it I need the low
to pay off adult film star what do I
need the loan for these any of these
transactions raise an entire new layer
of regulation and I would add that when
you call this a retainer you add yet
another layer the rules of Professional
Responsibility that apply to attorneys
if you really wanted to if you wanted to
come out and just say hey you know what
this is I won't even call the slush fund
yeah this is a gigantic petty cash
account because when I need to buy
highlighters I just go to petty cash I
don't need to tell the boss when I need
to pay off adult film stars I don't need
to bother the boss we have the petty
cash account for that that would have
been safer than calling it a retainer
because once you call it a retainer
there are so many rules and Nick
Ackerman can talk about this too when we
get a payment we need to be very clear
about whether is this a flat fee is this
going into the client trust account and
if it does what is the what is the
paperwork on that because one of the
surest ways to discipline for attorneys
is monkeying around or creating a gray
area between a client trust account
write your operating account and then
this gigantic petty cash account
whatever that is meaning that's that in
that money that you have as a retainer
some of it is to pay for you and some of
it is stuff that suppose to be done for
your client you can't mix them it well
the client trust account and the
operating account UNIX those yeah and
you're getting your tickets part yeah
very quick let me bring Lisa bloom into
this because the other you know sort of
obvious place the mind goes if you know
that it's not just a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars he's taking up but more
like seven hundred and twenty thousand
dollars it just begs the question well
with was he paying off multiple people
as was alleged and fire and fury that
they were quote hundreds of women that
had to be taken care of I want to play
for you Michael a benign he was on the
last word talking about the timing
specifically of the payments to stormy
Daniel say listen there were extensive
communications between Michael Cohen and
Keith Davidson in October of 2016
relating to the timing of this payment
and the need for the payment to be made
prior to the election extensive
communications relating to the need for
the payment to be made when it was made
and as it related to potential influence
on the election period it's at least
that we know that Keith Davidson was the
lawyer for both Karen McDougal the
former Playboy model
and for stormy Daniels uh Stephanie
Clifford if you then have the lawyer
who's setting up the agreement with the
women who's acting supposedly as their
lawyer the lawyer for Donald Trump
operating with his own money to have
this sort of slush fund to pay women off
even if Donald Trump isn't knowledgeable
about each individual payments do you
have then
the possibility of a conspiracy and do
you go to them does your mind go to the
fact of how many other women were
involved in these payoffs yes now that
we're up to seven hundred plus thousand
dollars there have to be other women why
would there be a slush fund in the first
place Danny's absolutely right attorneys
do not get to have slush funds period
the end I have a fourteen lawyer law
firm I have to review the finances with
my finance director every month we have
to make sure that the money is properly
segregated if a client gives me a bunch
of money it has to be very clearly
accounted for so why is Michael Cohen
taking out home equity loans to protect
Donald Trump only two explanations
number one they're trying to hide the
money because they're doing something
illegal or number two Donald Trump is
actually broke just like Michelle yeah
yeah well a and she was quite funny
alright Nick I would have come to this
other point because in the stop helping
in the please stop helping category four
Rudy Guiliani he told The Washington
Post that the repayments to Cohen from
Trump took place over a period of time
probably all paid back by the end of
that and probably a few other situations
that might be considered campaign
expenses so he's given away a few things
number one he wanted clearly to
establish in this series of interviews
that the Cohen was paid back he didn't
want it to look like it was an
unreimbursed expense jack but now he's
he himself is offering that these
payments had to do with the campaign has
he hurt his client Oh totally I mean
look at the overall picture here it's
not just taking out little pieces of it
what you've got here is an admission by
all of them that they funneled money
through a law firm using an LLC that was
set up with phony names just for the
purpose of doing that with alias
under agreements with the President of
the United States going under the name
of David Dennison right and the other
party Peggy something or other and
they're giving a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars just prior to the
election I mean the whole thing reeks of
criminality yeah
but the ironic irony here is that's not
what they're really looking at Cowan for
what they're really looking at him for
is the Russian investigation right he's
the prohibitive guy on Trump Tower
Moscow he is the person that went to
Prague to take over from Nana Ford after
Nana Ford had to leave because of all of
the information that came out on him
there is no I mean there's this whole
false story that's been created that the
whole search warrant relates to this
whole business with stormy Daniels
right I can't believe for a second that
the Department of Justice would have
ever approved my search warrant based
solely on that this is Russia right that
means that the when the judge says
you're just going after this guy because
you want Trump that's kind of true right
it it might be true but I really caution
everybody to read too much into what a
federal judge says from the bench many
oral arguments have involved a lot of
back-and-forth and remember federal
judges served with life tenure you could
imagine how Frank all of us would be if
we had life tenure in our jobs and
federal judges are no exception
what he says at oral argument his honor
is eventually going to issue a written
opinion and that often is not nearly as
dramatic as maybe the back-and-forth the
colloquy is at oral argument so I
wouldn't read too much into that sir
well I would say two things one I think
it was actually fairly astonishing that
a sitting federal judge notwithstanding
the fact that it's like a yeah would
actually make such politicized statement
yeah and last question to you Lisa the
Washington Post is reporting Trump
advisors R word Giuliani could now be
interviewed because he's got his own
issues but this this question of whether
or not any number of women who may come
forward and say I too was part of this
slush fund I too got some of that
$700,000 should we be considering that a
completely separate issue of
Payne violation issue totally separate
from the the Muller Pro grit large well
that's a good question I mean I think
the issues are somewhat separate they
are all sent her around lying by Donald
Trump there have to be more more women I
encourage other women to come forward
look at stormy Daniels she's very brave
she's still standing she's doing just
fine I know there's a lot of people out
there and they're in fear but this is
the time to come forward and I suspect
there have to be more payments and
probably in October of 2016 yeah you
would think if he took out $700,000 and
only spent one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars it begs the question
what happened to the rest
Miette Danny like they're sticking
around Lisa blue thank you very much my
friend have a great rest of your Sunday
thank you and up next he hired him Trump
fired him the saga of Rudy and Comey is
next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
