good evening everyone I'm Ali Velshi in
for lawrence O'Donnell tonight we've got
a very special last word for you
Trump's tangled web from Russia
collusion questions to White House
staffing turmoil to the president's
tortured relationship with the truth
we'll look at it all over the course of
this hour the day began with a growing
web of deceit and shifting stories for
president Trump and Rudy Giuliani to
clean up Giuliani's now infamous Fox
News appearances you'll remember the
Giuliani revealed on Fox that the
president reimbursed his personal lawyer
Michael Cohen for the hundred and thirty
thousand dollar stormy Daniels hush
money payment well tonight there are new
details that just broke within the last
half an hour about when the president
actually learned of that payment to
stormy Daniels according to the New York
Times president Trump knew about a
six-figure payment that Michael dqo and
his personal lawyer made to a
pornographic film actress several months
before he denied any knowledge of it to
reporters above board Air Force One in
April according to two people familiar
with the arrangement The Times reports
that it is not immediately clear exactly
when the president learned of the
payment which Michael Cohen made in
October 2016
but quote three people close to the
matter said that mr. Trump knew that mr.
Cohen had succeeded in keeping the
allegations from becoming public at the
time the president denied it also
breaking tonight there are new
developments from The Wall Street
Journal about Michael Cohen's growing
access to cash during the presidential
campaign The Journal reports quote
Michael Cohen gained access to as much
as seven hundred and seventy four
thousand dollars through two financial
transactions during the 2016
presidential campaign as he sought to
fix problems for his boss public records
show those transactions could factor
into a broad investigation of mr.
Cohen's business affairs being conducted
by Manhattan federal prosecutors and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation
according to The Wall Street Journal in
February of 2016
Cohen nearly doubled the amount he could
use on a bank credit line tied to his
Manhattan apartment increasing his
ability to borrow by two hundred and
forty five thousand
three months earlier he gained potential
access to another five hundred and
twenty nine thousand dollars through a
new mortgage that he and his wife
consigned co-signed on a condominium
owned by her parents at Trump World
Tower
well it isn't clear whether Michael
Cohen ever used these new sources of
cash to settle problems for Trump but
sources tell the Wall Street Journal
that federal prosecutors and the FBI are
examining whether Michael Cohen
committed bank fraud by making false
statements inflating the value of his
assets to obtain loans or by miss
stating the intended purpose of the loan
Michael Cohen has said he used his home
equity line of credit to make the one
hundred and thirty thousand dollar hush
money payment to stormy Daniels in an
interview with The Washington Post this
week Rudy Giuliani said the President
had reimbursed Michael Cohen for the
stormy don't Daniels payment and
indicated the Trump had reimbursed Cohen
for other matters as well quote he was
paid by Donald Trump's personal funds
and he was paid out of personal funds
which covered that and possibly a few
other things you know would be
considered incidental the repayments
took place over a period of time
probably in 2017 probably all paid back
by the end of 2017 that and probably a
few other situations that might have
been considered campaign expenses
Giuliani also said this week that Cohen
resolved other problems similarly for
Trump although he didn't specify what
they were or the source of funds that
were used joining us now my phone is
Michael Rockefeller one of the Wall
Street Journal reporters who broke
tonight's story on Michael Cohen Michael
good to talk to you thank you for being
with us and thank you for your reporting
on this what's the implication here
Michael Cohen ended up taking seven
hundred and forty four thousand dollars
combined worth of home equity loans in
the months before the election
that's right Ali this so the question is
what prosecutors are looking at is
whether any laws were broken in terms of
how Michael Cohen may have gotten access
to to cash during this period to use to
help solve problems for President Trump
to keep things quiet such as the store
McDaniels payment
were any misrepresentations made as you
said in his in his applications to banks
or statements to banks were in terms of
what kinds of campaign finance laws may
have been violated and what we found was
that in well first of all in in November
Michael Cohen's in-laws refinanced
apartment and took five hundred and
twenty nine thousand dollars out of the
equity from the apartment and he
co-signed the loan for that so it's not
clear what happened to that money but it
is unusual in the sense that he had
never co-signed a mortgage for their
apartment before and the cash was taken
out and then secondly in February 2016
which was right as Donald Trump was
entering the Republican primaries he was
leading in the polls he was doing
surprisingly well for someone who had no
experience Michael Cohen then doubles
his home equity line roughly from two
hundred and fifty five thousand to five
hundred thousand and we know that he
said that he used that same home equity
line to pay stormy Daniels just two
weeks before the election so the
question is was there some kind of a
slush fund created for Michael Cohen as
he saw Donald Trump rising during the
Republican presidential primary and of
course this becomes all the more
relevant because Rudy Giuliani has gone
around saying that Michael Cohen solved
a lot of problems for the president
fixed a bunch of things so this becomes
relevant to say is this the slush fund
that might have been used to wait all
right Rudy raised this in fact he says
okay this store mcdaniels wasn't the
only thing that he said he solved for
President Trump there were a few other
things that he got repaid for after the
election through a retainer of thirty
five thousand dollars a month so you
know the information is conflicting and
people are changing their stories but by
and by you know has the federal
investigations going on we are learning
more about what happened and I think
within some short period of time we
probably will find out even a lot more
about what actually happens Michael
thanks for your reporting Michael
Rothfeld
from The Wall Street Journal the
breaking news keeps coming tonight The
Washington Post has just posted a new
story
Giuliani tries to clarify comments on
Trump's reimbursement of payment to
pornstar stormy Daniels in it
The Times reports that after Rudy
Giuliani's media tour this week some
Trump advisors said they fear the
Giuliani may have waived his right to
assert that his conversations with the
president are private and that
government or private lawyers pursuing
lawsuits could now seek to interview him
joining us are jonathan alter MSNBC
political analyst and columnist for The
Daily Beast Indira Lakshmanan columnist
for the Boxton globe she is with the
Poynter Institute for Media Studies and
Jennifer Rogers a former federal
prosecutor she is now the executive
director of the Center for the
Advancement of Public Integrity at
Columbia Law School thanks to all three
of you Wow a lot of stuff to digest here
Jennifer let me just start with you
going back to this Michael Cohen may be
establishing a strut slush fund or
bringing in money that he may have used
to pay things off for Donald Trump in
the state of New York that's not
actually legal lawyers can't go around
settling things for their clients with
their own personal money well it's it's
not a crime but it's a it's an ethical
violation so if you're a lawyer in New
York State you will get in trouble with
the bar for doing that sort of thing
it's definitely prohibited that is a
clear problem for Michael Cohen as far
as his law practice goes to the extent
he intends to continue that all right
and at some point you and I were talking
about this beforehand a lot of this
stuff starts to weave itself into a
narrative that a lot of people already
believe there are a lot of people who
don't believe Donald Trump could not
have known this guy is a skinflint of
legendary note he didn't pay people some
small amounts of money there's no real
way that hundreds of thousands of
dollars could be paid on his behalf
without him knowing you're right Ali and
the thing is what we have this week is
confirmation of things that many people
already believe to be true I mean just
looking back a week ago we have the
Forbes 400 first reporter researchers
saying that Donald Trump inflated his
wealth wildly and pretended to be worth
500 million dollars when he was only
worth probably about five million
dollars we have his doctor saying I
actually never wrote that letter saying
he would be the most healthy person ever
to serve as president Trump dictated to
me which I kind of thought will
we knew that by the time one of what it
said and now we have Giuliani saying oh
yeah the president knew and he paid that
back which was completely contrary to
what the president said before just last
month and in fact he then confirmed it
on Twitter yesterday appeared to walk it
back today to end up having a situation
where your credibility is lost if you're
constantly changing your story so what
is this all about Jonathan I mean it's
it's chaos but beyond that like the
whole thing seems very perplexing
Giuliani was brought in in theory not
just as a political adviser because he
is a political animal but to be the
president's lawyer to try and bring some
resolution to this issue of whether the
president is going to sit down with
Robert Muller or be subpoenaed to talk
to Robert Muller this doesn't look like
the way you solve a problem well to say
that Rudy Giuliani is is rusty would be
really under estimating the situation he
hasn't been a prosecutor in more than 30
years he's been in politics and he has
really no experience with this kind of
white-collar defense at this level and
he showed it in the first couple of days
and I think really ticked off his client
as you could tell from the rights of his
comments what's concerning to me is that
when people say oh I'm not surprised I
knew that about Trump I knew he wrote
that letter for the doctor I knew he
grossly inflated as well I knew he was a
liar about stormy Daniels it has the net
effect of normalizing Trump which has
been really to me the great challenge is
to not just take it for granted that the
President of the United States is a
confirmed liar that shouldn't be a dog
bites man right story right we should
continue to have a sense of outrage
about this but sustaining that outrage
over time over a four-year period is
going to be very hard I want to I want
to just remind everybody that that
yeah after everything that Indira laid
out about what Donald Trump said and
what Giuliani said Trump then this
morning said to reporters that Giuliani
needs to get his his facts straight
let's listen to this in the president's
words
great guy but he just started a day ago
but he really has his heart into it he's
working hard he's learning
but he's a great guy he started
yesterday
get his back straight he's a great guy I
will tell you this I will tell you this
when Rudy made the statement Rudy's
great but Rudy had just started and he
wasn't totally familiar with everything
you know with everything and as the
president said really Rudy Giuliani did
release a statement this afternoon
here's part of it the part about the
campaign and the funds he said first
there is no campaign violation the
payment was made to resolve a personal
and false allegation in order to protect
the president's family it would not have
been done in any event whether he was a
cat it would have been done in any event
whether he was a candidate or not second
my references to timing were not
describing my understanding of the
president's knowledge but instead my
understanding of these matters Jennifer
Rogers Rudy Giuliani in the same
interview in which he said that this
wasn't a campaign violation said can you
imagine if this had come out right
before the election I mean the
implication again to what everybody else
in the country thinks Rudy Giuliani said
that was the case now he's walking that
back if you're a prosecutor in this
thing I mean this is this is too easy
well you know it's interesting so so if
the prosecutors are looking into this if
they want to make this campaign
violation count they will look at these
things they will have them in the
Arsenal for inconsistent statements and
so on and they obviously now know what
the defense is going to be but what
they're really gonna do is make the case
with the facts right not with all of
these statements they're gonna look at
exactly what happened how the money was
obtained who paid whom when who knew
what based on the communications among
all of the witnesses so you know they
don't build their case with this back
and forth like the nonsense going around
they build their case with the evidence
and then they they just kind of have
these to have a little fun with with the
being I mean Michael avenatti where this
is not a this is a civil case but that
but he's having some fun with this he's
enjoying the fact that everybody who
needles either Rudy Giuliani or the
president gets something out of it all
right so I talked to Michael avenatti
today about this and the thing that you
have behind you Trump's tangled web is
of course a reference to him quoting Sir
Walter Scott on Twitter and saying oh
what a tangled web we weave you know
he's basically saying this is all about
deception he says that he and his client
stormy Daniels are leaning back and
actually enjoying this they're
describing Giuliani as
and confused and that the more and the
deeper that they go into this the more
they say the better it makes miss
Daniels this case or Stephanie Clifford
her real name but I mean it's not only
the question of potential campaign
finance violations potential ethics
violations it's also potential false
statements and potential obstruction of
justice because let's not forget one of
the most important things that Giuliani
said in that Sean Hannity interview was
he said the president fired James Comey
because he refused to say that Trump was
not a target of the investigation that
goes right back to obstruction of
justice so you know the the latter part
of that line oh what a tangled web we
weave is when we practice to deceive and
these guys are not practicing very much
more like the Keystone Cops except the
Keystone criminals you know they they're
they really didn't get the memo a lot of
the time on how to lie and so this is
what we've been seeing unfold this week
but they also had some very good news
this week there's a judge in the Paul
Manafort case judge Ellis who
essentially rebuked Muller and his team
and said they were out to hurt the
president now we don't know if that's an
indication of which way he'll which way
he'll move whether I might throw the
throw the case out or do something else
that would be unfavorable to the
government but this this is a story
where you know it's not all going to be
bad news for the president he had some
good polls this week oh and he was he
was very quick I'm gonna talk about that
a little bit but he was very quick to
quote judge Ellis when he got to the NRA
this had all happened earlier this
morning I want to go back to you
Jennifer on the on the legality of it
because to to Jonathan's point this is
this is it doesn't seem like they've all
practices Julie Giuliani overnight to
NBC News described his conversation with
Donald Trump about the cohen
reimbursements i don't know why he's
talking about this stuff to the news
media but he said it in in and I'll just
read you our story in an interview with
NBC News Giuliani insisted that he had
only shared the details of two Daniels
with Trump above the payment to Daniels
with Trump about a week ago I don't
think the president realized he paid him
back for that specific thing until we as
legal team may
aware of the paperwork he said Giuliani
said the president responded oh my
goodness I guess that's what it was for
yeah oh my goodness doesn't sound like
the president to me so you know maybe
right Rudy is paraphrasing there and why
are we even hearing these conversations
right so you know nowadays lawyers play
multiple roles right they're lawyers of
course they also often PR people and
spokespeople and the rest of it so just
because you're sharing a conversation
with your client doesn't mean that
you're waiving privilege for all reasons
it may be but that's something that
they've decided that the lawyers going
to go out and be the spokesperson about
you know they're there there are very
good reasons for not having the client
speak all the time right so you know it
doesn't mean that that privilege is
waived but you know why they decided as
a strategic matter that these were
things that should be shared as is
because it goes to Jonathan's point it
doesn't seem to be in order the
narrative is not clear it seems to
change so much
it's very incoherent today not the
communication strategy that you would
want to me wonders whether that's the
goal all right thanks to you guys hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
