campaign chairman Paul Manafort was in
court today in Virginia he's due to be
tried there this summer on bank and tax
fraud charges alongside another trial
that he's expecting in the neighboring
jurisdiction of Washington DC but that
today's Virginia hearing mana forts
lawyers argued that the charges against
him should be dropped because the
special counsel is basically out on a
limb the argument from man apart and his
team is that the Moller prosecutors
don't have the right to bring these
charges against mana for it's not within
their legal authority so we expected
that argument from mana fort and his
lawyers they made this argument before
in DC they argued they brought a civil
lawsuit saying the whole case against
mana for should be thrown out and the
special counsels office should basically
be burned down that case was dismissed
last week so we sort of expected these
remarks these arguments from from mana
fort and his lawyers today in Virginia
but then there was a weird turn because
then a party to this hearing today who
doesn't usually make headlines in cases
like this himself made a bunch of
headlines the judge in this case made
all the headlines from this hearing
today because he lost his temper a few
times during the one hour long hearing
and he really stuck it to the
prosecutors staying at one point quote
you don't really care about mr. mana for
its bank fraud you you really this is
the judge you really care about what
information mr. mana fort can give you
that would reflect on mr. Trump or lead
to his prosecution or impeachment or
whatever or whatever is the best part
Wow
the judge pointed out that the
investigation into Trump attorney
Michael Cohen was determined to be
unrelated to the special counsels
primary work and so in the Michael Cohen
case that one wasn't brought forward by
the special counsels office and Robert
Miller's team instead they referred that
one out to federal prosecutors in New
York so the judge today really Lim
basted all the special counsels
prosecutors but then he asked this
really really interesting and sort of
intriguing question if the Michael Cohen
case can become just a local prosecution
in New York why can't the Paul Manafort
case become a local prosecution in DC or
indeed in Virginia these
question why does one of them get hived
off and one of them still be pursuing by
molars prosecutors themselves so far
we've seen nothing in the prosecutors
filings in the Manafort case that shows
a connection to Russian campaign
interference in the presidential
election I mean if the manna for crimes
are a separate discreet matter if
they're all about his you know bank
fraud and tax fraud charges related to
his work in Ukraine years ago then why
wouldn't those also be handed off to
several separate federal prosecutors
like they did with Michael Cohen well
here's how the government responded to
that today quote prosecutor said quote
the special counsels office takes very
seriously the primary mission it was
assigned in examining Russian
interference in the 2016 election adding
that if it uncovered criminal activity
that wasn't necessarily related they
would refer it to another office if the
criminal activity by palmetto court was
not related to Russian interference in
the 2016 election they've referred to
another office and that's why they
haven't referred it to another office
that's what the prosecutor said in court
today does that mean that these multiple
felonies against Paul Manafort this case
unspooling in these two different
jurisdictions is related to Russian Air
France on the 2016 election and we just
can't see it yet if so when do we find
that out is this judge gonna make the
prosecutor show their hand on that and
how weird was this that the judge
screamed at everybody in the hearing
today and then asked that really good
question turns out that's all answerable
stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
