Bing won tonight coal Baron and
convicted felon Don Blankenship who
spent a year in federal prison for his
role in a 2010 mine explosion that
killed 29 people and who's still on
probation has been trying to get
Republican votes in the West Virginia
Senate primary by going after his own
party's Senate Leader Mitch McConnell
nicknaming him cocaine Mitch and
referring to McConnell's father-in-law
as a quote China person I'm an American
person I don't see this person you Asian
by the press that there's something
racist about saying a China person some
people for Korean persons and some of
them are African persons it's not any
slander there but he wasn't done there
behold the Blankenship's new campaign ad
Swamp captain Mitch McConnell has
created millions of jobs for China
people while doing so mitch has gotten
rich in fact this China family has given
them tens of millions of dollars
Mitch's swamp people are now running
false negative ads against me
they are also childishly calling me
despicable and mentally ill the war to
drain the swamp and create jobs for West
Virginia people has begun that will beat
Joe Manchin and ditch cocaine Mitch for
the sake of the kids and for the sake of
the kids Don Blankenship has a new
defense against charges of racism and
that's big 252nd swamp captain Mitch
McConnell has created millions of jobs
for China people while doing so mitch
has gotten rich in fact this China
family has given him tens of millions of
dollars Republican Senate candidate Don
Blankenship is trying to explain away
his China people comments telling a roll
call reporter quote they've always said
about me West Virginia people is West
Virginia people racist we're confused on
our own staff as to how it can be racist
when there's no mention of a race
there's no race races are negro white
Caucasian Hispanic Asian there's no
mention of a race I've never used a race
word negro
so I'm not entirely sure that that
cleared it anything up so let's give
let's give mr. Blankenship one more shot
I'm a West Virginia person hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
