twenty-one-year-old rapper whose
freestyle lyrical responses to several
popular artists have gotten a lot of
attention recently she took on kanye
west praise for Donald Trump with a
rebuttal that she wrapped over a Kanye
beat
that video has gotten well over six
million views now in recognition and
shoutouts from a lot of big names Milani
love ice-t Leslie Jones and many others
welcome this is a this is a good one in
my personal opinion chica I was one of
many people that watched what what you
put up and so many viewers on the beat
who felt that you made several important
points we just showed some of them were
flagging that video in the way that you
took on what Kanye had said and so I
want to go to you here with who's your
fallback this week of course I have to
say my father has to be Kanye we thought
he would we thought he would lighten up
after last week's shenanigans and that
is not the case he recently went on TMZ
and decided to show his entire behind
and tell everyone that slavery was a
choice and that he thinks that
everything he's doing right now is under
the guise of free thinking and I don't
necessarily find that to be true and I
think that he should be a little bit
more responsible with the fact that he
has such a large platform and that his
words holds so much weight to so many
people and we have to live with the
consequences of what he says even though
he doesn't have to Karen do you want to
speak to that before I get here fall
back no she listen I'm not gonna mess
with she's got all the words and the
word is a bore and Kanye's abhorrent for
sure and no she said everything that
needed to be said regarding Kanye
dropped that mic the mic the mic was
clearly dropped and there was a loud
loud set of reverberations there because
people saw what you said I would say is
anyone even who wants to give artists
perhaps even any artists the benefit of
the doubt given the series of things
that Kanye has been saying it's sort of
it leaves even the most benevolent
mindset really no place left with him
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
