well the correction today caps off an
antagonist ik two-day television debut
of the former mayor on behalf of the
President
something that according to the
Washington Post both Trump and Rudy had
agreed to do for more I'm John Bay Phil
trucker Whitehouse bureau chief with the
Washington Post and an MSNBC political
analyst Annie lynskey national political
reporter with the Boston Globe in
Caroline police see a federal and white
card criminal defense attorney thank you
all for this and I think it's a great
Friday night because stuff still
happening I always love when things are
still happening as we go to press here
at night Phil Drucker you know what
happened was Rudy blue everybody socks
up by saying after weeks of denying it
that the money came from Trump but he
never said Trump to write that he said
it simply came out of this sort of slush
fund this retention fee that Michael
come one had access to what he could pay
it off months late a month without ever
having to tell Rudy or telling the
president he had gotten the money also
he got into trouble by saying this was
to avoid an election eve disaster for
the candidate well he said it on Fox &
Friends
yesterday morning today he says it had
nothing there was an election two things
he's now saying Trump still didn't
direct the money but he paid it yeah was
also it wasn't to do with election had
to do with the Trump brand and his
relationship with his family which is
difficult to square because everything
we know about Donald Trump is that he's
a penny pincher he controls all of his
money he's a micromanager of the bill
for his ability pays a bill for his camp
wait wait hates them so it's surprising
that $130,000 would just somehow leave
his bank account and him not know about
it or question where that money was
going but that's the argument the
lawyers are making tonight and then the
other issue with the political
motivation that's to try to clean up
what Rudy Giuliani had said about
Michael Cohen making that payment to try
to help Trump in the election he's now
trying to claim it wasn't that Caroline
when you would retain an attorney I want
to get this thing faxed what makes no
sense to me you relate you retain
somebody in the toy to handle your
little business so he's available or
she's available but when they have an
expense like staples paper a mail I mean
something an expense they have to
they're not email maybe envelopes they
expense that to the client now we're to
believe that having to expense a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars he didn't
expense he simply paid it out
so money swallowed and he I mean this is
not how lawyers operate oh yeah I pick
up all expenses including pay off
relationships that I would never charge
you that of course he charged Trump the
money of course trumpet had to agree to
pay it this is ridiculous that's very I
think that you have to look at
Giuliani's written statement today when
he said my references to timing are no
way sort of indicative of the
president's knowledge he's trying to
maintain a level of plausible
deniability at the same time he's trying
to exculpate Cohen for you know saying
that he was in fact repaid for that loan
but also on president Trump's part he's
trying to have it both ways where is he
saying what he simultaneously repaid the
the payment while not knowing the
specifics and how he did it you as you
mentioned was through this sort of slush
fund this $35,000 a month retainer fee
that Michael Cohen could use to just
indiscriminately pay anybody apparently
who had you know negative or damaging
information on on mr. Trump prior to the
election so again it goes to the federal
election law violation he's trying to
sort of in an effort to get himself out
of issues he's just sort of mudding the
Warriors and making more issues for him
you know in a weird way any and I don't
want to get off Cour here but it's so
weird
if Trump's telling the truth which no
one here believes that he pays this
fixer to fix all problems they gives him
a ton a ton of money in other words
don't get what happens even getting more
trouble than 130 thousand dollar piece
suppose there's four or five women at a
time and to get like a bubble of cost is
this guy supposed to cover that or is it
have to come out of his 35 K a month I
mean it's part of his argument Chris is
that you know her Trump or the Giuliani
argument is hey look this happens all
the time this has nothing to do with the
election I am caught we're constantly /
there's always a woman in question who
is pounding them for money or else right
he's a sleaze and I got a cover-up for
his lease and that's the defense I
normally have to pave up for his messes
it's usually problematic because in
order to prove it in order to prove
that's true that would mean that we
see a series of women or other
situations trotted out to establish the
pattern so it's not really a pattern
that you you really want to be arguing
let's get to that point here what a lot
of people think is the second story here
why did Trump change his story this
Wednesday night why did Rudy get trotted
out there to say it really came from the
president the president actually paid
the money taking the heat off of mr.
Cohen because the National Enquirer had
run that negative peace attack him and
everybody thought including Cohen the
president's out to get me they're trying
to soften up this guy anyway
tell me about this is this it was this
attempt to take the heat off Cohen so
the Cohen will not turn state's evidence
against the president potentially but I
think more than that it's an attempt by
Giuliani to get this campaign finance
violation issue off the table to
establish once and for all this wasn't a
campaign finance issue and Giuliani was
not successful in articulating that
message very clearly in as many media
interviews he the first White House okay
with the idea but I think they realized
this fearful Caroline fearful of what
Michael Cohen who has to save his
keister right now against multiple
charges of bank fraud mail fraud
campaign violations he's a youngest guy
he does not want to go the 30 or 40
years somewhere unpleasant where you
maybe get there lift weights if you're
lucky that's it and doing all that for
Donald Trump rather than simply telling
Donald Trump you abuse me
I'm gonna have to get even yes I mean
certainly by all accounts I had to
believe after Giuliani came out on Fox &
Friends and previously on Hannity I had
to believe that this was part of a
larger strategy of course we now know
that this was just a strategy between
Trump and Giuliani unbeknownst to sort
of the rest of his legal team the rest
of the communications team in the White
House but I had to believe that it was
an effort to get in front of the bad
facts that they knew were coming out in
the wake of this raid on Michael Cohen's
home office and hotel room they know
that you know there are going to be some
bad things that come out there and they
wanted to perhaps get ahead of it from a
PR standpoint I mean it didn't work out
but but but yes absolutely they may be
sort of giving an olive branch here to
Michael Cohen to exculpate him at least
from you know the campaign finance
aspect of it who knows what other
trouble he may be in
in the Southern District of New York in
terms of other issues but at least on
that issue maybe it's something that
that that they could do to sort of take
the heat off of him what did you see the
movie City Hall without Pacino no I did
Danny a yellow he said he's a guy he
dealt with one of the somewhat shady
characters from Brooklyn he was a he
wants to Shady I know the guys think
they were bottling it after losing his
name but the fact is they basically said
he was a singer in the movie Wow and
that guy looks like a singer in the end
they're gonna press you you're gonna
look at 30 or 40 years in jail and
you're gonna talk well he's already I
mean I believe it was this network that
reported today that he he has been
taught Cohen has been talking to people
and saying no this isn't what happened
at all I have a different side of the
story to tell so it seems like if this
was intended as an olive branch to Colin
and I'm not sure that it was I think
there's a much easier way to do that by
maybe you know having the president just
say something like Cohen a great guy but
if this wasn't Olive Branch it's unclear
to me that it really worked well no to
big time today we learned that Cohen's
thoughts on what Giuliani has said
here's what he told Donny Deutsch I
spoke with Michael Kohn yesterday and
his court about Giuliani was just know
what he's talking about
he also said that look there are two
people but know exactly what happened
myself and the president and you'll be
hearing my side of the story and he was
obviously very frustrated at what had
come out yesterday so let's go let's
take this back to one it matters where
we heard weeks ago the president faces
more terror from this stormy Daniels
case potentially then he faces from the
main line investigation by robert mower
the argument being I think it isn't it
that he had this relationship that he's
embarrassed by potentially at least a
person would be embarrassed by it
but the fact that this guy has so much
on him and that all as so much has been
collected by the by the FBI when they
went under the offices of michael cohen
cohen that all this could be used to
squeeze cohen and the president attorney
that would be the one who's going to
have to pay for it yeah Cohen's the the
vault for Donald Trump he's the keeper
of all these secrets all these
arrangements all these financial deals
going back a decade his personal
attorney and fixer he'd get him out of
trouble and Trump is worried about what
he might
tell federal investigators and the other
reason it's so concerning for Trump and
for the White House it's they don't know
the full truth with the Moller
investigation they have a good sense of
what happened on the campaign and what
did it they have a very good sense of
what Trump did as president to possibly
obstruct justice or not they have no
idea what Michael Cohen has on Trump and
that's why they're so concerned well
Annie it could be Russia which is always
the domain of the vein here of a mind
you want to get to you want to get to
the Russian collusion issue because
that's the one issue if you can show the
president colluded with the Russians to
get elected president even a bunch of
Republicans might well join a conviction
of getting the president yeah that is a
terrifying aspect good but I you know
Phil's point which i think is spot-on I
mean it is unclear that you know Sara
made it very clear yesterday that nobody
really did know any of the details about
the stormy Daniels situation so the fact
that there could be multiple situation I
you know concepts like this flowing from
Cohen you know is very very scary
because they don't know what they're
dealing with they just it's an unknown
unknown let me go back to Caroline
Caroline can you tell us about what the
possibility is of squeezing Michael
Cohen with all this stuff he knows and
all the collateral information he
everything he's got in that bundle of
stuff that's now in control the federal
route investigators from the Southern
District of New York what could what how
would they squeeze somebody like that
well as you said we know that this was a
referral from Robert Muller's office the
special counsels office he didn't think
that that was sort of in his ambit to
prosecute so he referred it to this
other district of New York and and of
course they are moving forward with that
criminal investigation now that doesn't
mean that the prosecutors and
investigators in the Southern District
can't share whatever information they
may find in that investigation with the
special counsels office and the special
counsel could then use that information
really as leverage I mean you know I
hate to use the word threat but you know
the threat of a criminal indictment in
in other arenas you know having to do
with you know banking fraud wire fraud
what-have-you maybe nothing to do with
Russia could potentially incite Michael
Cohen to sort of open his eyes and say
look do I want to go to jail for
potentially a long
time or do I want to provide substantial
assistance and that's what the
prosecutors are looking for substantial
assistance in the bigger Russia probe
and I think it's it's a very strong
likelihood that he would do so this is
his Robert Barr basically walked already
walked into a candy store he looks at
all the different candies you know he's
got M&Ms and he's got Hershey bars he's
got three musketeers he's looking
everyone and said any one of them well
man afford Paul Manafort Papadopoulos
I don't know Roger stone who knows this
guy Michael Cohen all these people have
stuff to tell me about the guy I'm
trying to go after here to figure out
what he did anything wrong
isn't it like that for him does he have
the hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
