day 627 of the Trump administration 29
days to go now until Americans go to the
polls tonight the president is using the
successful confirmation of Supreme Court
justice Brett Kavanaugh not just as a
win for the White House but as a way to
further energize conservative voters
just a few hours ago
Trump presided over a ceremonial
swearing-in of Cavanaugh who was already
sworn in this weekend after the final
Senate vote the president put himself
squarely in the middle of the picture
and tossed out some quotes designed to
inflame the left all of it designed to
celebrate victory Ashley Parker the
Washington Post who's standing by to
join us along with her colleague John
Wagner tonight wrote that the event
quote included a cocktail reception and
a band which in some ways felt like a
cross between a campaign rally and a
wedding reception as millions of people
watched on live television this evening
with the Cavanaugh family and the entire
Supreme Court present in the room the
president chose to apologize to justice
Cavanaugh on behalf of our nation I want
to apologize to Brett and the entire
Cavanaugh family for the terrible pain
and suffering you have been forced to
endure what happened to the Cavanaugh a
family violates every notion of fairness
decency and due process our country a
man or a woman must always be presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty
and with that I must state that you sir
under historic scrutiny were proven
innocent Thank You justice Cavanaugh
then offered his own take on the
bruising confirmation process and he
also addressed concerns about his
ability to be impartial while on the
bench the Senate confirmation process
was contentious and emotional that
process is over my focus now is to be
the best justice I can be I take this
office with gratitude and no bitterness
on the Supreme Court I will
to be a force for stability and unity
every American can be assured that I
will be an independent in impartial
justice devoted to equal justice under
law Cavanaugh is easily the least
popular nominee since Robert Bork new
polling shows that just 41 percent of
Americans wanted him confirmed while 51
percent believed that he should not be
on the high court and the 50 senators
who voted yes on Cavanaugh represent
states covering just 44 percent of the
US population the president has been
making a point of bringing up the fight
to confirm Cavanaugh at all of his
recent appearances and he'll no doubt
continue this week as he campaigns for
midterm candidates as you see there in
Iowa Pennsylvania Ohio Kentucky Ashley
Parker John Wagner of the Washington
Post point out the quote since Cavanaugh
was confirmed Saturday Trump has seemed
more interested in inflaming rather than
reducing the tensions over his Supreme
Court pick Trump's remarks earlier today
give some clues as to what he's likely
to tell voters I've been hearing that
that now they're thinking about
impeaching a brilliant jurist a man that
did nothing wrong a man that was caught
up in a hoax that was set up by the
Democrats using the Democrats lawyers it
was all made up that was fabricated
at this rate and I think it's going to
really show you something come November
6 while the White House and the
Republican Party have been openly
optimistic about the midterm elections a
report from Axios indicates top
administration officials are taking
their first steps to prepare for an
onslaught of investigations if Democrats
win the house quote according to a
source with direct knowledge chief of
staff John Kelly recently formed a small
working group to start preparing for the
possibility that Democrats will soon SiC
Congress's top investigators on Trump
world the report goes on senior White
House staff have an off site weekend
retreat scheduled for late October the
agenda is expected to include a
discussion of investigations under a
Democratic controlled house according to
the source lot to talk about tonight as
we start a new week let's bring in our
leadoff panel on a Monday night the
aforementioned Ashley Parker Pulitzer
Prize winning White House reporter for
The Washington Post Sam Stein politics
editor for The Daily Beast
Lisa lair national political reporter
for The New York Times Ashley I'd like
to begin with you and just the optics of
all the sitting justices of the Supreme
Court some big-time lawyers in that room
the congressional leadership the people
who know enough to know it's not correct
that this man has been whatever you want
to say about him proven innocent that's
that's right these are the swearing-in
ceremonies are generally fairly pro
forma it's a nice thing to do sometimes
for the justice or the president may
want to take a victory lap the way
President Trump did but it is very
striking for the president to go out as
he did this evening and begin by
apologizing to justice Cavanaugh on
behalf of the nation which is not
frankly a sentiment the nation writ
large shares that was the whole point of
these past three weeks we went through
is that the nation is deeply divided
over this and then most striking of all
is the president saying that you have
been under deep scrutiny and you were
proven innocent that is simply not true
to be clear nor was justice Cavanaugh
proven guilty
the whole thing we were debating was
this he said she said who is credible
whose version of the truth can be
believed and even though there wasn't
that last week in FBI investigation
no one knows what the actual truth is
but what the president understands is
that by saying that Judge Cavanaugh
justice Cavanaugh is innocent the sort
of next step which we're seeing on the
campaign trail and we're seen as a
Republican talking point is that there's
this angry mob of sort of liberals who
are out to get this allegedly innocent
man and while it's in no way based in
fact that he is innocent or guilty we
don't know it is a very good message for
the president's base right now and
that's what we're gonna see him pushing
Sam it is indeed a great hobby of the
cable age and that is watching the birth
of a talking point it's like astronomers
watching the birth of a star knowing it
happened light years ago and we're just
seeing it now to my mind the angry mob
the use of the mob started in Mitch
McConnell's floor speech and either it
was come up with in concert or somebody
on the other end of town thought hey
that's a great word let's take it out
for a spin yeah I mean at some point
there was a calculation made that in
order to get now justice Cavanaugh
through this confirmation process you
actually had to you know turn up the
volume on it make it a little bit more
partisan frame it as an us-versus-them
type of battle and part of that entailed
framing and depicting these people who
had come to protest the Senators as a
mob in reality was far different than
actually embedded with a lot of the
women who were going around the Senate
trying to compel senators to vote
against Kavanagh these people were more
often than not sexual assault survivors
themselves would come in from out of
town we're staying some cases in
churches some cases with friends they'd
had to have their friends pick up their
kids from school because they took off
time and yes there were paid groups
organizing this but these people were
not paid protesters in any sense of the
word they're deeply emotionally invested
in this debate and truly hurt by the
idea that someone would get confirmed
under the circumstances but a political
calculation
made to make sure that they were framed
as a mob in order for an us-versus-them
type of debate to happen and what we're
seeing is it worked
fundamentally because he got confirmed
but also it turned conservatives out and
it made them more conscientious of the
fight and now we see in polls in some of
these red state Senate races that
Republican numbers are improving
precisely because the base is
consolidating ELISA I know you are just
back from America you were out in
Michigan talking to actual living
breathing Americans who intend to vote
in the midterms tell us give us your
report from the field starting with who
you dealt with who you spoke to
well so I was out in Michigan today
talking to Democratic activists and
voters there and getting a sense of how
they feel you know I have a theory about
politics that a lot of people share
which is that losers vote more than
winners
you know grievance outweighs gratitude
so I wanted to test that theory a little
bit and I can tell you you know it
seemed impossible that Democrats could
be more energized for this midterm but
it's possible it turns out it's possible
one a woman who runs a group out in
Michigan fend for Dems told me this was
like a super sonic burst through her
group and they've seen hundreds of
people you know calling ups calling them
signing up getting out there and
knocking wanting to knock on doors so
this is definitely a shot of enthusiasm
for Democrats and that's part of why you
see Republicans trying to continue this
narrative of you know getting their
voters to protest the protesters because
they saw this and they had a massive
enthusiasm gap you talked to Republican
pollsters and they would tell you they
saw twelve to fifteen point enthusiasm
gap which is you know very concerning
for them a couple weeks before the
midterm elections Cavanaugh closed that
up but now that fight is over he's on
the court Republicans control the White
House Congress and now the court so they
have to keep that energy going that
there's still something for their voters
to fight for and I think this tactic of
talking about the angry mob is one way
to do that but it's going to be tough to
outrun that a sense of grievance that
these that you
see when you talk to Democratic voters
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
