welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
nobody and what it means to somebody
nobody's in the history of this country
has ever known so much about
infrastructure as Donald Trump nobody
builds walls better than me nobody wants
to take care of Daka more than myself
nobody knows more about trade than me
nobody loves the Bible more than I do
nobody is stronger nobody cherishes and
nobody respects women more than Donald
Trump nobody been tougher on Russia
nobody that understands the horror of
nuclear better than me love the First
Amendment nobody no loves it better than
me and there's nobody that loves the
Second Amendment more than I do
nobody can do it like I do it nobody so
ever you keeping score at home nobody
knows more about infrastructure builds
walls wants to take care of Daka knows
trade loves the Bible is stronger
cherishes and respects women is tougher
on Russia understands the horror of
nuclear loves the First Amendment loves
a second a minute and does it like I do
it and that is not an exhaustive list
when the president is challenged he
often retorts with nobody does blank
better than I do question about his
commitment to gun ownership nobody no
one loves the Second Amendment more
question about why he's not punishing
Putin no one has been tougher on Russia
you get the drift well nobody knows more
about infrastructure except maybe the
d-o-t nobody does it better except maybe
Carly Simon nobody meets the Wiz except
maybe stores that actually still exist
and nobody puts Baby in a corner
except baby's parents and well society
so keep an ear out for nobody in
particular nobody wants to speak more
than this hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
