well the truth about Rudy Guiliani is
that he's not really a lawyer he just
plays one on TV
I mean he's licensed to practice law and
he used to be a real lawyer he is still
technically a member of the bar still
has his license but he hasn't really
worked as a lawyer since the early 1990s
when he transitioned from federal
prosecutors to politicians so if you can
think all the way back to something you
were really good at in 1988 and have not
done since that's how good that's how
good a lawyer Rudy Giuliani is which he
has been demonstrating in his Fox News
appearances last night in this morning
where he has caused more legal problems
for his client president Trump than any
other lawyer involved in the president's
life so far including Robert Mahler sure
Robert MO is probably gonna create more
problems for the president but as of now
as of tonight
Rudy Giuliani has publicly created more
problems for the president than Robert
Mallory Giuliani isn't really the
president's new lawyer as we've been
calling him he is the president's new
legal spokesperson his job seems to be
to go on TV and take questions about the
case but not necessarily answer
questions about the case the president's
real new lawyer and he really does have
one is the kind of lawyer presidents
usually do have around them Rudy
Giuliani is not that kind of lawyer the
president's real new lawyer is Emmitt
flood who has had a distinguished legal
career in the Washington firehouse law
firm of Williams and Connolly Emmitt
flood served in the White House
counsel's office in george w bush's
Whitehouse and Emmett flood has the
rarest entry that exists on legal
resumes in the United States of America
Emmitt flood is one of the less than
half a dozen lawyers in the world who
can say that they worked on the legal
defense of the President of the United
States in an impeachment trial in the
United States Senate Emmett flood was
one of the junior members of President
Clinton's legal defense team during his
impeachment trial in the Senate anemic
flood is now the lawyer who has replaced
Ty Cobb who was pushed out of the White
House counsel's office where Emmitt
flood will take up that position as the
lawyer in the White House
councils office who is coordinating with
the presidents a private legal defense
team the outside video defense team and
you have not heard a word from Emmet
flood you do not know what Emmet floods
voice sounds like you haven't heard a
word from Emmet flood about this case
because Emmet flood has made the choice
that any serious defense lawyer who's a
real lawyer would make and that of
course is the choice to say absolutely
nothing in the meantime Rudy Guiliani
has made the opposite choice but if or I
suppose we should say when the Trump
case goes to the United States Supreme
Court with President Trump arguing that
he does not have to comply with a
subpoena from special prosecutor Robert
Mahler it will be Emmett flood who
stands and speaks before the United
States Supreme Court Rudy Giuliani will
not be allowed to say a single word
because in the Supreme Court even Donald
Trump knows he needs a real lawyer
so the good news for the president is
that he now has one lawyer with some
experience on the defense side of an
impeachment trial in the Senate of a
President of the United States and the
bad news for the president is that he
now needs a lawyer with some experience
on the defense side of an impeachment
trial in the Senate of the President of
the United States it's worth pausing
right here for a moment of the exquisite
irony of this the only lawyers alive who
have experience in a Senate impeachment
trial of the president are Bill
Clinton's impeachment lawyers in both
Donald Trump and now Rudy Giuliani have
been arguing that if a lawyer has any
past association with the name Clinton
that lawyer should not be allowed to be
a member of Robert Mahler's team so if
giving $500 to a Clinton campaign at
some point in your life disqualifies you
from the special prosecutor's office how
about actually defending Bill Clinton in
his impeachment trial in the Senate
imagine if Bob Mahler had hired Emmitt
flood FoxNews would devote an entire
primetime hour to the character
assassination of Emmitt flood
because how can he possibly be fair to
Donald Trump if he was Bill Clinton's
defense lawyer in the impeachment trial
that would be the Fox News line we'd
never hear the end of it on Fox News
Emmitt flood joining the Trump legal
team proves that Donald Trump knows he's
lying about the unfairness of Bob
Muller's team Emmit flood proves that
Rudy Giuliani knows that he's lying
about the unfairness of Bob ballers team
when he says things like this
the president's right when he says
witch-hunt yeah sure
you can't explain this any other way a
god a god is a word you don't see in
newspapers very often in fact I don't
think I've ever seen it in a newspaper
before but it was in The Washington Post
today in their report of how people in
the White House reacted to Rudy
Giuliani's performance on Fox News last
night quote the White House Counsel had
no idea neither did the White House
chief of staff nor the White House press
secretary nor the new White House lawyer
overseeing its handling of the rushed
investigation they watched a gog as
Giuliani the president's recently
installed personal attorney freestyled
on live television Wednesday night about
the president's legal troubles and
unveiled an explosive new fact that
Trump reimbursed his longtime personal
attorney Michael Cohen for the hundred
thirty thousand dollars paid to adult
film actress storming Daniels to ensure
her silence about an alleged sexual
encounter with Trump Rudy Giuliani went
on Fox & Friends this morning to try to
smooth over the mountain of Lies and
inconsistent statements now that have
been told by Donald Trump and Michael
Cohen about the stormy Daniels payment
Michael Cohen's first statement about
the storming Daniel's payment was on
February 13th in which he said that he
was not reimbursed for the payment
either directly or indirectly and on
April 5th on Air Force One the president
was asked did you know about the hundred
and thirty thousand dollar payment of
storing Daniels and his answer was no
and he was then asked why Michael Cohen
made the payment and the president said
you'll have to ask Michael Cohen and so
the Fox hosts asked Rudy Giuliani why
why this morning Michael Cohen why he
now said he was why he said he was not
reimbursed if he really was reimbursed
I remember when Michael Cohen was
interviewed about it and he it seemed
like he was saying that he was never
reimbursed that hundred and thirty
thousand dollars and now it sounds like
the story's changing well I mean he's he
was definitely reimbursed there's no
doubt about it I did say he wasn't maybe
maybe
this if we had a defend this as not
being a campaign contribution I think we
could do that this was for personal
reasons
this was the president had been
hurt personally not politically
personally so much and and and the first
lady by some of the false allegations so
Rudy Giuliani has no answer about why
the reimbursement story has changed and
we should watch for that particular
technique in answering a question when
he begins with maybe maybe and then just
change this change of the subject his
technique when he has no answer is to
just verbally wander off in some new
direction and he has a new story about
when Donald Trump learned that he
reimbursed Michael Cohen
he didn't know the details of this until
we know the details of it which is a
couple weeks ago maybe not even a couple
of maybe ten days ago okay got it two
weeks ago two weeks ago was 10 days
after the raid of Michael Cohen's
apartment hotel and office and so now
we're being asked to believe that Donald
Trump didn't know until after the raid
that Donald Trump had already reimbursed
Michael Cohen with a series of
reimbursement checks that began a year
before Rudy Giuliani believes like most
Trump associates and Trump lawyers that
Donald Trump is completely incapable of
speaking to the special prosecutor
without committing a crime right before
the prosecutors eyes now they go to
obstruction of justice collusion among
the players and what they really trying
to do is trap them into perjure right so
let's talk about no way I'm win are
suckers no we're not suckers because
we're not gonna let the president commit
a crime right in front of the special
prosecutor a crime that he can only
commit if the president chooses to
commit the crime of perjury because of
course there is no such thing as a
perjury trap a trap is something that
you can't get out of all you have to do
to avoid a perjury trap is tell the
truth something Donald Trump's lawyers
believe he absolutely can not do hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
