um but there's one more thing that I
want to give you a heads up about before
we bring in these folks who are gonna
help us sort out some of these questions
tonight it is a document that we have
obtained exclusively tonight it's not a
secret document but we don't think it's
ever been publicly seen before and I'm
gonna show it on the air here in a
second tonight because behind all of
this craziness around the Moller
investigation and Rudy Giuliani
admitting all this stuff and the Kohen
investigation and the president taking
all these shots at the Justice
Department we think that this little
document that we just obtained with it's
a letter we think it sort of gives a
good window into I don't know if it's
the president's mindset it's sort of the
Trump world mindset what might be
happening there behind the scenes and
therefore what we might expect the
President to do next so what this has to
do with is actually the Paul Manafort
trial Paul Manafort as you know was
Trump's campaign chair Paul Manafort has
multiple serious felony charges pending
against him now in federal court both in
Washington DC and in Virginia in DC mr.
Manafort tried filing a civil lawsuit
against the Department of Justice saying
that they were prosecuting him
improperly his civil lawsuit claimed
that the special counsels office is
basically a bogus legal entity and that
at least it isn't empowered to charge
Paul Manafort with the stuff they have
charged him with now Paul Manafort has
already lost this civil case it's been
dismissed as of last week but you might
remember that the Moller team bob motors
prosecutors gave us one really juicy
document in their court filings where
they were trying to fend off this civil
suit from Paul Manafort remember the
civil suit is saying special counsels
office is way beyond its remit they're
operating illegally they have no
authority to go after Paul Manafort for
this stuff
in response the special counsels office
asserted that yeah they did have very
clear authority to do what they did when
it came to charging Paul Manafort in
order to make that case in court they
filed this document and and they filed
it in an unsealed way so we could all
seal it it we could all see it it's a
it's a memo that was written just a few
months after the special counsel Robert
Miller was appointed was given his
sign it it's a memo from rod Rosenstein
Deputy Attorney General who both
appointed robert muller and who now
oversees the Moller investigation in
this memo which is dated August 2nd 2017
the Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein spells out in detail what
exactly Muller and his team are cleared
to investigate within the remit
established for them by the Department
of Justice quote the May 17th 2017 order
that established the special cops that
established the special counsel that
order was worded categorically in order
to permit its public release without
confirming specific investigations
involving specific individuals this
memorandum on the other hand several
months later provides a more specific
description of your authority the
following allegations were within the
scope of the investigation at the time
of your appointment and are within the
scope of the order : and then the whole
next section is redacted but then on the
next page we get an unredacted section
with allegations against Paul Manafort
that the Special Counsel Robert Muller
is explicitly authorized to investigate
that mana fort colluded with Russia in
Russia's efforts to interfere in the
election that metaphoric committed
crimes with respect to payments he
received when he worked for that
pro-russian Ukranian dictator so we get
those specific allegations against Manta
for that Muller is clear to investigate
and then the whole rest of the page is
blocked out and maybe that stuff that's
blocked out is more stuff that Muller is
cleared to investigate about Manta fort
maybe it's more stuff that Muller is
cleared to investigate against other
people we can't tell but that three page
memo with the big redactions it was put
in a public court filing by robert
Miller's office last month to rebut this
civil case from Paul Manafort to rebut
Paul Manafort charge that Muller was off
on some wild goose chase when he went
and charged Paul Manafort
this document shows in black and white
that Robert Muller in the special
counsel's office
they were duly and specifically
authorized to go after Paul Manafort for
the stuff that manna for ultimately got
charged with
so we got that last month shortly after
that turned up in the docket
shortly after Muller filed that document
in court pro Trump Republican members of
Congress who are very bothered by the
Moller investigation they insisted that
they actually needed to see that whole
memo with no reductions they needed to
see all of the other specific
information about who Muller is cleared
to investigate and what exactly he's
investigating them for we need to see
that home this this is this is part of
this strategy that they've been pursuing
in Congress right to demand more and
more and more information about the
Malheur investigation about this live
open investigation while it is still
live and open I mean we all know can't
comment on an ongoing investigation
right I mean by rule by precedent and in
some cases by law the Justice Department
really can't share materials like that
with anyone including Congress in the
middle of an ongoing investigation but
it seems like among pro Trump Republican
members of Congress their idea is to
demand documents from the Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein demand
stuff from him
way beyond the level of stuff he could
conceivably actually give them so he has
to say no but by forcing him to say no
they are hoping to create a pretense to
fire him for the terrible crime of not
handing over information about a live
ongoing investigation that could
jeopardize that investigation or be used
to tip off targets and witnesses if it
ever got out so of course the Justice
Department said no when these Republican
members of Congress said they wanted to
see the whole source memo of every one
molars looking at and everything he's
looking at them for well we've now got
the demand letter that they sent to try
to get that document it was sent on
April 9th it was sent to the Deputy
Attorney General to rod Rosenstein it's
two members of congress jim jordan and
mark meadows say quote it is critical we
have access to the entirety of your memo
authorizing the investigation we are
requesting to view the full unredacted
version of this memo this week
they also say interestingly that this
memo that they want to see is a quote
class
five document and they say they've got a
problem with that the memo status is a
classified document raises serious
concerns that the Special Counsel
appointment began outside the scope of
regulations by originating in a
counterintelligence basis rather than a
criminal basis huh
clearly these members of Congress are
freelancing here again this this memo
from congressman mark meadows and
Congressman Jim Jordan to the Justice
Department it's not at all clear they
know what they're talking about this
memo that they're requesting isn't
classified it's not marked as a
classified document it is law
enforcement sensitive sure but that is a
different thing than classified it's law
enforcement sensitive because letting
that memo out would screw this up as a
law enforcement matter but but it's not
a classified document so in at least one
important sense these members of
Congress making this demand of Rod
Rosenstein they clearly don't know what
they're talking about but this is what's
going on in Trump land these these kinds
of demands are what they're seeding in
Congress every day now and what the
president is complaining about online
now every day to lay down a pretense for
why senior Justice Department officials
need to be fired for saying no to these
crazy requests that they could not say
yes to without jeopardizing the Moller
investigation and the reason it feels
like we're getting to the edge of a
cliff I think right now on this point is
because the Justice Department knows
exactly what these members of Congress
are up to quoting from the New York
Times today quote a former federal law
enforcement official familiar with the
department's views said that mr.
Rosenstein and top FBI officials have
come to suspect that some lawmakers are
using their oversight authority to gain
intelligence about that investigation so
it could be shared with the White House
so the Justice Department and the FBI
have come to suspect that some members
of Congress themselves are basically
themselves working to try to obstruct
justice
by using their status of members of
Congress to obtain in
formation so they can then with that
information tip off the president about
the inner workings of this ongoing
investigation into the president I mean
if this is a private citizen who was
somehow stealing information about the
inner workings of the Moller
investigation and then shoveling it to
the White House to tip the president off
we would expect that private citizen to
end up in trouble for that as a matter
of obstruction of justice for queering
this ongoing law enforcement matter
right but if it's a member of Congress
or to could a member of Congress be
charged for that could they go to jail I
mean like I said every day in this
crisis-ridden presidency has lots of
news now not every day makes you feel
like you need to go to fake law school
for a little while in order to figure
out today's news but tonight is one of
those nights so let's try that next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
