the other issue rudy giuliani brought up
in that interview his belief that
Trump's daughter Ivanka who is a senior
advisor to the president in an official
capacity is somehow off-limits to the
special counsel now I think if they do
do Ivanka which I doubt they will it's
the whole country of turn on they're
going after his daughter Ivanka Trump I
would I think I would get on get on my
charger and go right into the partners
their offices with the Lance if they go
after Ivanka and then Giuliani goes on
they explain why Ivanka Trump is
off-limits and Trump's son-in-law Jared
Kushner is fair game listen what about
her son-in-law they talked about him I
guess I guarantee know that but men are
you know disposable but a fine woman
like Ivanka come on I think some would
argue that is a misogynistic perhaps
even a sexist comment I want to bring in
Phil Phillip Rucker from the Washington
Post Paul Butler still joins the
conversation so let me first start with
you if I may what do you make of the
idea that a senior adviser to the
president regardless of the fact that it
is his daughter should be off-limits to
the special counsel well you know Ivanka
Trump is the president's daughter but
she's chosen to take a job at the White
House she works on the White House staff
she's a senior advisor as you just put
it and so she should be a sort of fair
game in this investigation just like any
other staff member at the White House
and I don't think the Moller team would
view her any differently than other
staff members at the White House to our
knowledge she's not been called in for
an interview yet that doesn't mean she
may not at some point it doesn't mean
that that you know Miller is not looking
at her role in all of this she was
actually in position at some key moments
in the investigation into potential
obstruction of justice by the president
she was around the president at the time
when he made his decision to fire Comey
as the FBI director she was on board
that Air Force one flight where the
president came up with that statement
for his son Don jr. to issue regarding
the Trump Tower meeting with the Russian
lawyers so she's a key player in some
aspects of this hey Paul what's your
take on that from the from the statement
that we played Giuliani and the fact
that you know who referred her is a fine
woman
you know again it's hard to understand
that there's any real strategy to what
Giuliani is doing one reading might be
he's offering Jared Kushner's head up on
a platter to mother as long as he leaves
the president's daughter alone now they
both have exposure as Phil mentioned in
terms of obstruction of justice helical
was there when they gende up that Faust
narrative on Air Force One about what
happened with the meeting with the
Russian lawyers she was around when the
president was deciding to fire the FBI
director Comey now Jared on the other
hand has a whole lot more exposure so
true if it's true if it's only going to
be one it's probably going to be Jared
but again that's not how investigators
think so what are we to make of Giuliani
saying that people even his son-in-law
are quote disposable to Donald Trump
Phil yeah that was a pretty interesting
statement and I can tell you it caught a
lot of officials at the White House off
guard they were surprised that Giuliani
would characterize the president's
son-in-law and a senior adviser at the
White House as disposable but it's the
phrase II use perhaps he meant it in
jest but he said it nonetheless and it's
interesting Kushner has been early on in
the presidency was so powerful and made
a lot of decisions inside that White
House in the last couple of months he's
really been off the radar he's focused
on Middle East peace of course but he's
not been as central and a lot of the
decisions that the president is making
we don't see him publicly very often
he's kept a much dimmer profile than he
had in the early period of the
administration yeah be interesting to
hear if and when Jared Kushner responds
to his father-in-law's
lawyer saying that he is disposable
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
