with so many reports over the last few
months of who knew what and when the
time line here can get pretty muddy
especially when the president Michael
Cohen and Rudy Giuliani tell a different
stories so let's refresh from the
beginning in July 2006 stormy Daniels
alleges she and then businessman Donald
Trump had a sexual affair during a golf
tournament in Lake Tahoe the president
denies that affair ever took place in
2011 Daniels gave an interview detailing
that affair - In Touch magazine and
other publications for the tabloid
reports they didn't get much attention
fast-forward to October 27th 2016 just
before the election the story of Daniels
alleged affair with Trump was about to
resurface just before Election Day
enter Trump lawyer Michael Cohen and he
negotiated with Daniel's lawyer at the
time for one hundred and thirty thousand
dollar payment in exchange for a
non-disclosure agreement in NDA it
wasn't until the beginning of this year
in January 2018 that reporting on the
payment picked up a few weeks later
Daniel's began a series of increasingly
revealing interviews starting with
late-night host Jimmy Kimmel who tried
to crack that NBA code do you have a
non-disclosure agreement do I you can't
say whether you have a nondisclosure
agreement but if you didn't have a
non-disclosure agreement you most
certainly could say I don't have a
non-disclosure agreement yes you're so
smart Jimmy thank you very much
in February Michael Cohen claimed the
payment was out of his personal funds
done at his own discretion not at the
direction or funding of the campaign or
candidate even saying he was never
reimbursed for the payment all
attempting to fight back accusations of
campaign finance violations last month
after questions mounted the president
was asked about the payment and his
knowledge of it
and all the denials and insistence of
personal funds were for nothing after
recently hired attorney for the
president Rudy Giuliani gave an
interview on Fox News last night I know
about the specifics of it as far as I
know but he didn't know about the
general arrangement that Michael would
take care of things like this that was
money that was paid by by his lawyer the
way I would do out of his law firm funds
or whatever funds it doesn't matter what
president reimbursed that over a period
of several me so where does that leave
us well if the president's lawyer is
correct that means the statements paid
by Michael Cohen they're like they're
likely wrong another way to put that is
Cohen lied the statement by the
president also might be wrong though
Giuliani did clarify this morning saying
the president only knew about the
payment in the last 10 days and as for
campaign finance violations the general
counsel for the campaign Legal Center
tells The Associated Press the timing
shows strong evidence of it being
campaign related here's the question
though alley how to campaign finance
laws really work you know if this is
just pennies compared to what discovery
would involve compared to the Russia
investigation maybe team Trump is saying
you know what we'll take that we'll take
that it saves us a bigger thing a bigger
issue
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
