it's particularly strange since when you
get fired usually you get a reason
sometimes there's multiple reasons but
let's take a look at Jim Comey's firing
for the former FBI director it's like
he's been fired three times the first
was almost a year ago may 9 2000 17
here's the reason the administration
gave then this seemed so abrupt where
James Comey even found out about it by
television I think the president was
given a recommendation by the Deputy
Attorney General who the FBI director
reports to the Attorney General
concurred with that that the FBI
director had lost the confidence to lead
the FBI and the president took their
recommendation and agreed with him this
is the recommendation it was this memo
by Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen
Stein it was written to the it was
written sort of by him stating the
reasons why Comey should be fired it
said Comey mishandled the investigation
into Hillary Clinton's use of a private
server that was the reason pretty
cut-and-dry right wrong two days later
March May 11th the president gave a
different reason for the firing to NBC
news anchor Lester Holt what I did is I
was going to fire home in my decision it
was not you would make the decision
before they came I I was going to fire
economy and in fact when I decided to
just do it I said to myself I said you
know this rushar thing with Trump and
Russia is a made-up story okay remember
the memo didn't say anything about
Russia and according to the president
didn't matter what Rosen Stein's memo
said he was gonna fire Comey anyway over
quote this Russia thing something he
reiterated to Russian diplomats in an
oval office meeting that same week and
that's where things stood until last
night when Comey got his third firing
reason when newly hired attorney for the
president Rudy Giuliani told Sean
Hannity this he fired Co me because
Comey would not among other things say
that he wasn't they targeted the
investigation he's entitled to that
Hillary Clinton got that and she he
couldn't get that so the rationale for
commis firing changes again which begs
the question which one is the real
reason it seems the president and his
aides are not even sure about this hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
