now we turn it something special on the
beat tonight to insiders who've led the
very fights that are in the news tonight
a prosecutor under Ken Starr who
questioned President Clinton under oath
and one of Clinton's most prominent
lawyers who was there throughout these
legal fights including that testimony
now this fight all played out over six
months in 1998 independent counsel Ken
Starr and his team were trying to get
Clinton to testify before a grand jury
there was a big fight there was a
subpoena delivered in July and Clinton
ultimately giving in 12 days later the
president has been subpoenaed by the
Independent Counsel his lawyers back in
Washington were preparing to negotiate
with Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr
for his testimony he said to be
insisting on the right to question the
president in person the president will
testify about his relationship with a
former intern under oath and on tape for
the grand jury so first we turn to Saul
Weisenberger who as we mentioned
questioned President Clinton as deputy
independent counsel under Ken Starr
thank you for coming on the beat about
this thanks for having me did you know
in the lead-up to that that President
Clinton would ultimately testify
voluntarily after getting the subpoena
or was that a genuine question in your
office as it may be in Muller's tonight
where you thought you might have to
litigate that out no we didn't once we
decided to issue the subpoena we didn't
really have any doubt that he was going
to testify in some format and we had the
authority of US versus Nixon we felt
behind us we also thought politically he
wouldn't be able to do it but there's an
important thing about US versus Nixon
that should not be forgotten
particularly in the case of President
Trump in US versus Nixon the Supreme
Court thought it was very important that
Leon Jaworski the the the Special
Counsel
had the specific authorization to
contest executive privilege that was in
the federal regulation that controlled
him Bob Muller does not have that
authorization so there is a real
potential legal argument the Trump
people can make saying this isn't even a
justiciable issue because
Muller does not have the right it's an
intra branch dispute Muller does not
have the right to question my invocation
of usage
you said juice disabled and then you
said intra branch so you know you're
getting me excited this is something we
were discussing at the very top of our
show tonight and you're putting your
finger on it which is does US v Nixon
stand for the proposition that no
president is above the law which would
be good for Muller forcing him or does
it stand for something narrower which
requires Congress to give that power in
which case they could go all the way the
Supreme Court and Trump could win this
thing do you do you have a view on the
answer well I think there's no question
it stands for the proposition that
nobody is above the law
and that the courts say what the law is
my point my point is a narrower one that
as a procedural matter president Trump's
team could come in and say I'm sorry
we're invoking executive privilege
Bob Muller doesn't have the authority
under the regulation to contest that now
I don't think if Trump does it I don't
think Muller is gonna fold his tent up
and go away he could argue I have that
authority inherently but nevertheless
it's a legitimate point he could make
the case the president sorry in the case
of president Oakley Ken Starr was the
independent counsel there was no
question that he had the authority to
litigate the matter if the president
would have would have challenged it now
of course no court had ever held you can
subpoena the president for his grand
jury testimony but I think it's
certainly implicit in both the US versus
Nixon and in the Paula Jones
case right and that's why we're
literally back where we were in the
Starr matter although as you say with
some different authorizing power but
we're back to the fundamental questions
of our Constitution and what branch wins
I want to play now
your very historic cross-examination of
Bill Clinton there in that video
deposition take a look did you please
tell the grand jury
what that means to you for today's test
I have sworn an oath to tell the grand
jury the truth and that's what I intend
to do mr. president when I was alone
with Miss Lewinsky on certain occasions
I engaged in conduct that was wrong
parts of that are you in parts of that
are your colleagues of course there's a
whole team that questions the president
but viewers can see there that was a
president who was a careful lawyer a
former State Attorney General reading
from the piece of paper which was how he
wanted to define what he did contrast
that to the potential witness you would
have in Donald Trump and do you think
based on what you know that Donald Trump
would pose more risk to himself perhaps
than Bill Clinton did in that I think
it's not so much that Trump will pose a
risk to himself because he can't be
prepped I think he's he's done a lot of
depositions and he's very smart the
problem is the Clinton team pretty much
knew what we had when he came in for his
testimony there's a lot of stuff that
Bob Muller has and knows about that
President Trump has no idea of knowing
and so that's what's so dangerous but
you brought you bring up another
interesting point or the the clip
brought it up and this could be a
precedent that Trump might want to cite
you recall President Clinton did not
answer all the questions that we had we
didn't he didn't plead the fifth
amendment but he said some of these are
too private and I'm not going to answer
it we felt that we had enough and we
didn't challenge him further but it's
certainly a precedent that the President
Trump can cite interesting Saul
Eisenberg one of the few people alive
who has questioned a president and a
grand jury proceeding thank you for
coming on the beat my pleasure now I
turn to Bob Bennett he's a high-profile
attorney who was on the other side of
all that as President Clinton's personal
lawyer in the Paula Jones case my thanks
to you as well based on everything you
just heard what do you think of your
former long distance adversaries points
there
I don't disagree with them I largely
agree with them what you have to
remember is Bill Clinton was a very
unusually capable witness I don't think
mr. Trump is and I think a critical
point that he made was that we knew
everything really everything that might
be asked and had prepared answers at the
various stages I don't think that's the
case with mr. Trump so I think he
wouldn't be let me ask you this what do
you think about something that a lot of
Trump defenders say and that he has
tweeted about for what it's worth which
is the argument that if there's no
high-level collusion provable at least
on the part of the President and the
whole thing turns to obstruction that
that can by way of analogy look a little
bit like some of what the Clinton folks
said about Bill Clinton which was he
ultimately admitted two things that many
people thought were wrong and
objectionable but there wasn't
necessarily an underlying felony and to
the extent the arguing was about
obstruction that wasn't enough what do
you say to that well I don't let that
make any sense obstruction is a very
serious offense and I think the big risk
to President Trump is many of the
underlying offenses might be very
difficult to prove
but if he's under oath and he gives a
false statement then he can be in
serious serious trouble I think it's
much riskier for Donald Trump to testify
than it was for President Clinton we
went digging through the archives and we
found Donald Trump talking about the
whole Jones case you worked on because
he was you know always talking take a
listen to this I think his lawyers and
in particular the lawyer I won't even
mention names but representing them with
respect to Paula Jones I thought did a
terrible job I'm not even sure they
shouldn't have just gone in taking the
fifth
and said look I don't get along with
this man star he's after me he's a
Republican he's this he's that
and you know just taking the Fifth
Amendment it's a terrible thing for a
president to take the Fifth Amendment
but he probably should have done it well
I mean what do you think of that well I
think it's absurd and what you have to
understand is you have to have a
strategy and a goal and our goal along
with I was working closely with white
House Counsel Lloyd Cutler a great great
legendary lawyer was to win the 1996
re-election and keep the president in
office so he could fulfill his term and
by every analysis we concluded that if
the president refused to testify that
would be very harmful and would put it
risk our strategy and what happened sure
there were some scars no question about
it
but the president was reelected the
president served his term and if he ran
again today he'd be reelected well there
you have it
spoken like a zealous advocate but you
raise a point that's very relevant which
is if Donald Trump does ultimately start
a court fight or another battle to avoid
testifying which would be different than
Clinton even people who love Trump would
say if he can talk everywhere and tweet
all the time why can't he talk to Bob
Muller what is he hiding and what are
the cost of that Bob Bennett thank you
for being part of our special coverage
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
