the man serving his Trump's new lead
attorney Rudy Giuliani also favors a
more aggressive approach as he now
decides whether the president should
testify voluntarily or risk a subpoena
and Giuliani told The Washington Post
some people have talked about a possible
12-hour interview that's not gonna
happen I'll tell you that
that'd be max maxed 2 to 3 hours around
a narrow set of questions that's really
out his rules join me right now is the
reporter who broke the Giuliani spoke to
Juliet in today Robert Kosta is with the
Washington Post and MSNBC political
analyst as well and Joey Ainsley is a
national security reporter with NBC News
a Paul brothers a former federal
prosecutor and an MSNBC legal analyst
Robert give me a sense of play of the
play the state of play of Rudy Giuliani
on this question are we heading to a
consciousness of crisis are they willing
to reject ignore whatever override a
subpoena from Muller how's it going to
be here well they're gonna be tough in
the sense that this is a more aggressive
strategy right now we're watching it
play out around the President of the
United States moving away from Ty Cobb
who preached cooperation for months said
to the president if you cooperate if you
don't exert executive privilege that may
be the mullet probe would end after all
those promises a lot of frustration
inside of the White House and outside
and they're moving to Giuliani to try to
be more aggressive in the negotiations
with Muller over an interview and Emmett
flood a veteran lawyer who was seen as a
combative force well you know I
understand the president's strengthened
with regard to attitude politically his
attitude of anti-establishment ISM his
tough-guy his plug Nations this it's all
worked for him but when it comes to the
court ruling by the Supreme Court
ultimately and when it comes to standing
up to glower who's also tough what good
is the attitude of a Giuliani do him
just saying I'm gonna be tough doesn't
mean you're gonna end up being tough if
the courts rule against you they're in
this legal dance right now Chris about a
presidential interview whether it should
happen or not Giuliani tells me today
that he wants a real narrow set of
questions but the president wouldn't sit
down unless they get a lot more
information from Muller about what he
wants to ask Giuliani also told me the
interview would only be two or three
hours there's no situation he envisions
where the president sits down for 10 or
12 hours
talk to Bob Muller so you see this
negotiation because they don't want to
formally decline it yet Chris because
they're not ready to fight it all the
way to the Supreme Court at least not
yet
how can they limit the questions once
they get in there now Rudy Giuliani
could say I'm tough we don't want to
talk about his business dealings for the
past I don't want to talk about anything
to do except really the the Russia probe
itself whether there was collusion by
the president and his people with the
Russians can he narrow it that way and
he can can he trust can he trust more to
stick to those questions once the once
the president's under oath they can
seems to be able to ask it many they
want to ask him that's exactly right
these kind of agreements are always
fluid in legal cases that Giuliani knows
that the Muller team wants to ask about
possible obstruction of justice and they
want to ask about Russia collusion those
are the two main tracks or the
investigation they don't want to see the
questions go over what the president
once called his red line to start
talking about his business dealings and
all of that but Chris this is a
sprawling probe as you know and a lot of
these investigators tough prosecutors
from the Justice Department they don't
want to back down and be narrowed to any
set of questions let me go back to this
question about you and I've grown up me
longer than you watching courtroom shows
on TV and we've noticed that always that
the defense attorney says narrow your
answer I'm gonna go back let me go by
the way to go to Paul this is a much
better question for Paul most of the
time we watch a lot of defense attorney
say narrow your answer he says to his
client and he says keep the answer one
or two yes or no did you go there we
were there no it wasn't there do you
hear that's no I didn't and it seems to
me they're asking essay questions these
49 questions have been floated there all
these low how did you feel what did you
think what were you planning all this
motive and purpose and everything and
knowledge do you think anybody's going
to let their client answer these essay
questions and just ask me a specific
question I'll give you a specific answer
don't ask me what I was thinking your
thoughts what's that what's with the
prosecutor yeah absolutely not Chris so
if the question is whether the
president's lawyer can trust
Robert Muller the answer is yes if the
question is whether the president's
lawyer can trust President Trump the
answer is no and so of course they want
open-ended questions what were you
thinking
when you fired
James call me what were you thinking
when you asked those national
intelligence officials if they could
give Michael Flynn a break they want the
President to do what he does so well
which is to ramble on and on and
implicate himself even more which is why
no responsible lawyer is going to let
this president go in front of the grand
jury and with Bob Muller running the
show it would be a legal suicide mission
for the president Joey what do you think
in the president's defense that on his
tweet just moments ago I'm too busy with
matters important to us all that sit
down for a couple hours with moer well I
mean that's certainly preaching to his
base which is what the president uses
Twitter to do he wants to be able to
communicate look this is all getting in
the way of this you know Nobel
prize-worthy work that I'm really trying
to do here
but I think the bottom line is they are
now in such final stages of this
negotiation that I mean promote Roberts
reporting it sounds like Giuliana is at
least acknowledging that they could do
two to three hours we're in a different
place just a few weeks ago when they
were angry about the Cohen raid and
saying there was gonna be no interview
at all and I think a big piece that has
gotten them to that part is this threat
of a subpoena and the idea that we've
been talking about all week can he be
subpoenaed really I mean Mona has the
ability to throw that down the question
is whether or not the president will
comply and it seems that Giuliani is at
a place now where he doesn't want to be
arguing over what they're going to
comply with and and seeing his client go
before a grand jury he's he wants to
bring it back where he has more control
and he has more control if he can limit
the time he can talk to his client for
hours at most as I recall I mean and if
these are the questions who's really
getting into he could keep it to 2 to 3
hours but we do know the president said
that long-winded so that that could
drive the time up a little bit yeah go
ahead but you first
Paul so Bill Clinton had a lot less
exposure than president Trump who again
is explodes with regard to obstruction
of justice and from these 49 questions
Robert mother still thinks that there
might be a canoe
fusion I investigation that's worth
pursuing with regard to the president so
it's a whole different ballgame with
President Trump than with our President
Clinton well I would hope it's a
collusion or else he's not going to be
as successful by the way Bill Clinton a
huge IQ as we all know and Bill Clinton
is completely mouse trapped by that
question about Monica Lewinsky
apparently he just if you look at the
pictures he couldn't believe that he'd
come up Robert this is faster you talk
to Rudy Giuliani did he act tonight can
you give me as part of your trade crap
does he sound like he's the lawyer in
charge he's the lawyer in charge but
he's also a presidential confidant you
got Emmitt flood coming in who's a close
friend of Don Magan the White House
Counsel much more litigation experience
different kinds of personalities on this
legal team what's important to watch in
this tweet tonight the julia reference
the president's quoting his former
lawyer John Dowd why is John Dowd so
important John dad was the chief voice
and the president's ear for months
saying don't do the interview and who's
the president tweeting tonight John Dowd
sounds like he doesn't want to do it
right yeah what sounds like he's
reversing course again he got rid of
John Dowd he wanted someone more
aggressive like Giuliani but now that
Giuliani is leading closer to an
interview maybe he's going back to the
other way I mean I think there's just a
pattern of getting rid of people getting
rid of Ty Cobb who are telling him to
exercise caution and he's instead
bringing in people who are gonna agree
with them it's a question I have to ask
you know once he feels he's gonna feel
like being hogtied by a subpoena being
brought in supposed to the Supreme Court
votes 5 to 4 suppose Anthony Kennedy
goes with the prosecution here and he's
hogtied forced to come into court under
under subpoena and in any sort of
treated like a defendant anyway with
prosecutors closing in on the president
Trump's allies on Capitol Hill are
threatening to impeach Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein if he does not
turn over documents related to the
ongoing investigation president time
today issued this very ominous threat
against the Justice Department a rigged
system they don't want to turn over
documents to Congress what they're
afraid of what are they afraid of
why so much redacting why such an equal
justice at some point I will have no
choice but to use the powers granted to
the presidency and get involved well the
tweet appears to be a response to Rosa
Stein who last night called those
document requests extortion intended to
threaten him and undermine the law of
of law here's Rosenstein there were
people who have been making threats
privately and publicly against me for
quite some time and I think they should
understand by now the Department of
Justice is not going to be extorted
we're going to do what's required by the
rule of law and any kind of threats that
anybody makes are not going to affect
the way we do our job Paul there's
always been this rearguard action on
behalf of the president every time the
prosecution gets close his toady's on
Capitol Hill come out with these
nuisance demands for documents anything
to slow down the prosecution and send
them in and put them in a crossfire what
do you make of these attempts by people
like meadows of the freedom caucus and
toadies like Nunez they're constantly
throwing up efforts I mean I know what I
used to work with a minority party the
Democrats against Reagan you're always
trying to put out what looks like a
counterpoint and equally powerful as the
PowerPoint as the point coming at you I
know that I know the politics of this
what's the legal status of these kinds
of a nuisance efforts by the Republicans
Chris the president and his boys are
using this intimidation tactics these
threats these bullying tactics like
President Trump thinks he's back doing
the shady real-estate deals in Queens
back in the 1980s and so right Rosen
Cena's lady no no that's not how it
works so there's no legal way that the
president can fire
Robert Rosen see so that's what he means
but he's gonna take things in his home
hands again he's basically writing his
own article of impeachment but the bet
is it's only an article impeachment if
the Republican Congress at this point
stands up and does its constitutional
responsibility and again that's a
political question
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
