Joe let me start with you because a
lawyer who had apparently been in
consideration for joining the
president's team who ultimately did not
gave her advice on what she thinks the
president should do on one of the
president's favorite channels this
morning
Fox Watch I would say as I have said to
other clients if you want to go down
there I'm going to go stand in the door
and you're gonna have to go over my dead
body go down there Jill is that the
advice you would give to the president
were he your client it's a very
complicated question because it's a
losing situation on both sides if he
doesn't testify and it could be a losing
situation for him if he does the reason
I say that is that the amount of time
that would be spent in litigating a
subpoena will divert a lot of attention
from more important things in the
investigation for both sides it will
delay a final conclusion of the
investigation which the president says
is his main goal he wants to finish this
quickly and that won't happen if they're
negotiating or litigating about a
subpoena I would say that if the
president has done nothing wrong and if
he tells the truth that is if he can
even understand what really the truth is
then there's no risk to his testifying
and I would think that the president who
is so confident in his ability to
persuade people would want the grand
jury to hear his side of the story so
there'd be some advantage to him in
testifying let's talk through a little
bit of sort of what would happen down
the road but before we get there Jill I
want to bring in Anita and Shannon here
because guys it seems as though this is
still really preliminary it's my
reporting and our team is reporting
based on conversation with sources that
the new legal team the people who have
just joined the president's legal team
Rudy Giuliani Nebraskans for example are
still sifting through all this and have
not made a recommendation as to whether
the president should sit down with
robert muller or not so we are still
we're talking about something that is
that is down the road still awaits right
I mean this investigation has been going
on for more than a year now well I mean
it's been going to FBI for way more than
a year now but we've had a special
prosecutor and therefore
months now the president in a way is
starting from scratch with his legal
team John Dowd his lead attorney quit in
March Dowd was the only lawyer with a
security clearance
we reported today that right now the
president doesn't have any lawyers with
a security clearance not an I mean well
I mean it's not an enormous ground to a
halt situation but there are a lot of
documents that that his lawyers can't
see and can't talk to Muller about I
mean remember this case involves the
national security former national
security adviser there are questions
about a meeting and Russian officials in
the Oval Office all things that you
would assume would require security
clearance to get access to it something
that being said and that being the
groundwork laid Anita and Shannon and
Jill let's talk about subpoenas through
presidential history because this has
happened before right we have seen
presidents get subpoenas before and I
think we have a graphic for you what
Jefferson get a subpoena decline to
comply ultimately did produce some
material Nixon resigned the issue then
went away
Clinton was subpoenaed but that was
withdrawn when he agreed to testify
voluntarily so Joe there is clearly a
precedent of a president getting
subpoenaed that doesn't seem to be the
issue the issue seems to be comply or
not comply and we put together what the
options would be I want you to look at
this and then assess what you think
could happen option one the president
says sure testifies gives a bunch of
answers option two the president
testifies but triggers his Fifth
Amendment right right pleads the fifth
basically that could be an option option
three the president fights the subpoena
and that's where things start to get
tricky Jill it seems because then the
courts would step in that's the
possibility of whether they decide
whether a subpoena would be valid or not
the Supreme Court precedent as
presidents can be subpoenaed but this
would be a court battle and the option
for is basically a gigantic question
mark we don't know what if you
subpoenaed and then ignores it Jill well
that's the trickiest one is your fourth
option because it's something we debated
during Watergate in in Watergate of
course we issued and I'm gonna use legal
terms for the first time on air maybe
just because I want to use them but I
might ask you later but okay okay we we
had a subpoena for documents as the
non-technical term as opposed to a
subpoena ad testificandum for his
testimony which is a slightly different
type of thing and the president did
fight us and we ended up in the Supreme
Court with them saying yes you have a
right to these documents and he had to
produce the documents then you have the
problem how do you actually get them who
do you send in if he had decided I will
not comply I don't care what the Supreme
Court says then what do you do you can't
just knock on the door and say I'm
coming in unlike the president who sent
his bodyguard to get medical records
without it later in the show but that's
quite nice Jill thank you so what is the
bigger question though related to and
again there are there are a lot of
building blocks would have to go into
place but about whether a president a
sitting president can be indicted there
is a question about whether he can be
indicted but that I believe would be
answered yes he can be obviously that's
inconsistent with the office of legal
counsel but that is not the same
question as whether he can be subpoenaed
and the answer to that seems to me a
clear yes he can be he is definitely not
above that rule and he would have to
comply and if he doesn't I think America
should think that we are now in an
authoritarian dictatorship that we must
rise up against that would be
unthinkable to me that he wouldn't
comply with a valid subpoena
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
