in case you missed it I may be out here
in Hollywood land but back in DC today
it's all about the movie biz the second
annual Meet the Press Film Festival with
the American Film Institute kicks off
today tickets are sold out in Washington
vacancy most of the films online on
nbcnews.com slash MTP film or you can
check out NBC News on demand or your
cable box Apple TV Fire TV or Roku etc
etc don't miss your chance to see these
great films and be a part of the second
annual Meet the Press Film Festival
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
two press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
