so the set of questions that the special
counsel reportedly wants to ask the
president were first reported last night
in the New York Times those questions
have been driving everybody nuts all day
long today the president's public
statements in response to what The Times
published appear to indicate that the
president does not know how obstruction
of justice works as a legal matter which
is probably worrying for his legal team
the president also maybe didn't read the
list of questions or he maybe didn't
understand what they're about the
president said online today that there
are no questions on this list from the
special counsel about collusion with
Russia actually the list put out by the
times last night lists 13 different
questions for the President on that
subject the times even helpfully grouped
that baker's dozen of Russia collusion
collusion questions under a special
subheading in their story as a
subheading that notes hey here these are
the 13 questions about Trump campaign
coordination with Russia I don't know
why the president said publicly today
that there are no questions from Moeller
for him on the subject of collisions but
of collusion but but there are a lot of
them more than it doesn't now the time
says that they got these questions from
notes that were taken in a meeting
between molars team and Trump's legal
team in March they've heard the report
that the president's lead lawyer on
Russia issues at the time John Dowd he
quit that job as the president's lead
lawyer after that meeting in March after
that meeting where he and the other
Trump lawyers got this list of questions
John Dowd quit now the implication of
The Times reporting on that point is
provocative right the president's lead
Russia lawyer was unnerved enough by
these questions and by the prospect that
his client would try to sit down and
answer these questions that he felt he
personally had to quit well tonight the
Washington Post has just reported that
that list of questions was drawn up by
Jay Sekulow another one of the
president's lawyers based on the
discussions that happened at that
meeting quote after investigators laid
out the 16 specific subjects they wanted
to review with the president and added a
few topics within each one Jay Sekulow
broke the queries down into 49 separate
questions now the time says they got
this list that they published last night
from somebody who was not on the Trump
legal tea
Jay Sekulow I was on the Trump legal
team so what that means is if both the
the Washington Post and The New York
Times are correct in their reporting
that means The Times published Sekulow
x' list but they didn't get it from
Sekulow and that might seem like an
arcane point but it matters because
there are some serious questions now
about whether leaking these questions
might have been an effort to queer the
investigation somehow to tip off
witnesses about the special counsels
area of focus to advise people who
didn't know their actions were under
scrutiny that hey your actions are under
scrutiny and in one case this new list
of questions that Moeller wants to ask
the president it raises a very serious
concern for the president and
specifically for one of his lawyers it's
this question which asks the president
about a potential pardon being offered
to Mike Flynn before Flynn flipped and
became a cooperating witness this
question suggests that Muller knew about
a pardon being dangled for Mike Flynn
even before that was first publicly
reported at the end of March and also
suggests that anybody who dangled that
pardon to Flynn might be in trouble
well apparently the person who dangled
that pardon to Mike Flynn was Trump's
lead Russia lawyer John doubt who again
appears to have quit that job as soon as
he found out about this list of
questions this list of questions that
includes at least one pointed question
about John Dowd zoned behavior so think
about that for a second it appears that
the president's lead Russia lawyer quit
the president's legal team right after
he found out that his own actions his
own actions are under scrutiny in the
investigation oh and there's one last
thing to know here it's about this
question what knowledge did you have of
any outreach by your campaign including
by Paul Manafort to Russia about
potential assistance to the campaign now
that question has had lights and sirens
on it all day today because over time
we've had a gazillion public reports and
a gazillion references and people's
charging documents in court to efforts
by Russia to reach out to the Trump
campaign but this one this this question
from the special counsels office
this is a question for the president
about the outreach going the other way
this is a question about the Trump
campaign reaching out to Russia not
Russia reaching out to them and you know
maybe it's just a mistake maybe Jake
Jake you I didn't take great notes in
that meeting and so we got it backwards
somehow but but if that question for
real and he took good notes then the
Moller team must know about something
between the Trump campaign and Russia
that we don't have any public reporting
about yet and it's all the more
mysterious because Trump campaign
chairman Paul Manafort has been charged
with a gazillion felonies already but
none of them have anything to do with
what's described in this question what's
the wording again reaching out to Russia
about potential assistance to the
campaign yes my charge would have
anything related to that indeed in an
unrelated filing in court late last
night mana forts lawyers said that they
asked molars team in pretrial discovery
for mana for its case if they had any
surveillance or intercepts of
communications between mr. mana port and
Russian intelligence officials Russian
government officials or any other
foreign officials molars office
apparently told mana fort and his
lawyers they had no such information
they had nothing of the kind
but Miller's office also apparently
wants to ask the president about manna
for calling Russia to ask for help for
the Trump campaign but they don't have
any information they don't have any
intercepts of manna for calling Russia I
mean time is short in the river rises
right this thing is not going to end
soon but it is somehow going to end we
know from a whirlwind 24 hours of
reporting now there's two bottom-line it
that in addition to obstruction of
justice concerns potential collusion
with Russia is a central part of the
ongoing Moeller investigation including
allegations about specific types of
collusion that we haven't seen any
public reporting about yet and we
haven't seen anything in court filings
about it yet either
and we now know thanks to the Washington
Post tonight that Muller's team is
threatening to threatening a subpoena to
force the President to testify even if
he doesn't want to and we know that from
supporting Republicans in Congress are
gearing up to try to burn down the
leadership of the Justice Department to
try to stop this thing in its tracks
threatening impeachment against Rod
Rosenstein
oh this has happened in the last 24
hours also it's only Tuesday
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
