hey welcome back to Belgium rule the
White House is denying there are growing
tensions between President Trump and his
chief of staff John Kelly after NBC News
exclusively reported that Kelly has been
insulting Trump behind his back eight
current and former White House officials
tell me and other NBC reporters Kelly
has called the president quote an idiot
Kelly's also been portraying himself as
the savior of the country the sole
defense against catastrophe and the only
one able to curb the president's erratic
urges witnesses tell me Kelly has used
the term idiot to drive home his point
and his view is that he has to save the
president from his self Kelley says the
story is quote total BS and calls it
quote another pathetic attempt to smear
people close to the president at the
post President Trump and distract from
the administration's many successes now
in true Trump fashion the president
called us fake news on Twitter unhinged
and going crazy making up false stories
but Stephanie knows otherwise this is
not a false story John Kelly is not the
first member of the Trump administration
to call the president names in October
of last year
NBC News reported then Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson meant in two
colleagues months before calling the
president a moron and threatening to
resign Tillerson has never confirmed nor
fully denied that he said that in
November BuzzFeed reported then National
Security Advisor HR McMaster said at a
private dinner
Trump was an idiot and a dope with the
intelligence of a kindergartner a
spokesperson denied McMaster maiden said
comments sparks really flew when Michael
Wolf's tell-all book fire and fury came
out in January he quotes Gary Cohn then
top economic adviser as calling
President Trump dumbest bleep the White
House said that allegation was
absolutely ridiculous and it may be
the issue that we're talking about here
though is pattern the book also quotes
Treasury secretary Steve minuchin and
former chief of staff Reince Priebus
calling their boss an idiot previous
claimed he never said that and minuchin
called the book faith
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
