bring in now Alberto Gonzalez former
attorney general and counsel to
President George W Bush Dean at the
Belmont University College of Law and
author of the book true faith and
allegiance judge Gonzales thank you very
much for coming on the show today and
let me start with what we've been
reporting down from the border do you
believe the president's response to this
micro Caravan has been appropriate well
you know I certainly understand that the
migrants are seeking a better life and
and as a father with young children I
would probably do the same thing quite
frankly but we do have we do believe in
in lawful migration and that's what's
the currently occurring on our southern
border today and people are presenting
their case for asylum and like like they
were like they did in Ellis Island for
example a century ago and so it's part
of the notion that we are a nation of
laws and that's what's occurring today
the the individual stories are
heartbreaking quite frankly and I
understand that they've they've
committed themselves for this journey
and they're committed to wait to see
what happens and they're hopeful and you
know who knows if they can in fact
present appropriate evidence of
persecution in their home countries
there is an avenue for them to achieve
asylum in this country just it's just a
matter of going through the process let
me get to that idea of lawfulness
because in covering the White House that
is something that comes up again and
again you know the president has tweeted
that this migrant caravan he says that
is openly defying our border shows how
weak and ineffective US immigration laws
are so do you believe that these folks
seeking asylum today these migrants are
openly defying our border well
respectfully I disagree with the
president I for them this is not opal
open defiance of our laws open defiance
of you know anything we stand for they
are simply seeking a better life and
they're going through the lawful process
and so obviously in order to begin that
process they have to present themselves
and that's what they're doing and so
there are millions of people that have
yeah that have sought to come into this
country in a lawful manner and that's
what's occurring currently on our
southern border
you have mentioned judging the violence
that you believe that the immigrants
some of these migrants are coming to
seek a better life there they've been
persecuted they've been threatened with
violence in their home
countries they're coming to try to get a
better life for themselves and their
families based on the public comments
you've heard from President Trump do you
think that he believes the same thing
that these are people seeking a better
life well I you know I can't speak with
the president I can't obviously look
into his heart I think the president
might be wise to to be more reflective
about the conditions and individuals
around the world find themselves in and
that you know America is a beacon of
hope a beacon of opportunity and all
they're doing many are simply seeking a
better life on the other hand we are a
nation of laws and the President does
have an obligation to ensure that we are
not emitting into this country people
who want to engage in criminal acts or
terrorist acts and so that's also very
important function and responsibilities
of this president before I let you go I
want to ask you about the other big
headline of the day judge Gonzales which
is of course the special counsels
reported questions for the president
some of these have come out some of them
relate to somebody who now has your old
job attorney general Jeff Sessions for
example asking the president reportedly
what he thought and did regarding the
recusal of attorney general sessions
what efforts he he went through to make
him try to get to change his mind
what do you I'd like to know what you
make of these questions what is this
signal to you about the Special Counsel
investigation well first of all I don't
know if they represent verbatim
questions from the special counsels
office again I don't know the source of
these questions the topics covered by
these questions to me are not surprising
they fall into general areas of possible
obstruction of justice possible
financial crimes also possible
cooperation with the Russian government
that cooperation between members of the
Trump campaign and the Russian
government so the the topics themselves
don't really surprise me okay
I would be surprised on Robert Muller as
I do he was the FBI director when I
served as the Attorney General I would
be surprised if this information was
leaked by the Muller team so again I
don't know the source of these questions
more broadly if if President Bush talked
about you the way that President Trump
refers to his attorney general what
would you have done well I would have to
kind of relation with President Bush
where I could simply go to the Oval
Office and ask him do you want me to
resign because if you knew
I will I serve the Attorney General
serves to the pleasure of the president
and the president along has pleasure
then of course in your service then you
from my perspective the honorable thing
to do is to leave but we have to
understand there is a special
relationship that we perhaps don't
appreciate between the president and and
Jeff Sessions and you know we've seen
this criticism now for months and yet
the Attorney General mains in office and
so it simply may be the way that the
president deals with this Attorney
General but I will say there is a danger
because the constant criticism of the
leadership of the Department of Justice
does hurt the morale of the career
individuals that work there day in and
day out for the American people
that's what about yeah and I got a look
at 10 seconds left but I just wonder if
you worry that the comments broadly
erode public trust in the DOJ if that's
concerning to you that is concerning to
me I think there needs to be care in the
way the Department of Justice or the
work of the Department of Justice is
characterized hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
