well this is kind of full circle
exciting with us now Myka former chief
White House Domestic Policy adviser
under President Carter and former
ambassador to the European Union and
deputy secretary of the Treasury under
President Clinton Stuart Eizenstat after
almost 40 years in the making
Stuart has finally revealed his
first-hand account of the Carter
Administration in his new book entitled
President Carter the White House years
and what he calls a revisionist history
of the Carter presidency he writes quote
it is conventional wisdom that Jimmy
Carter was a weak and hapless president
but I believe that the single term
served by the 39th President of the
United States was one of the most
consequential in modern history far from
a failed presidency he left behind
concrete reforms and long-lasting
benefits to the people of the United
States as well as the international
order he has more than redeemed himself
as an admired public figure by his post
presidential role as a diplomatic
mediator and election monitor public
health defender and human rights
advocate now it is time to redeem his
presidency and well said you even got a
glowing review from the National Review
what on this so obviously obviously you
have a solid argument to make I did Joe
and part of it was because I was candid
about the mistakes we made including
myself obviously we had high inflation
we had the Iran crisis but that has
obscured the mammoth accomplishments for
example domestically the whole
foundation of our current energy
security rests on the three major energy
bills which he passed which released oil
and gas prices for more production put
conservation right the centerpiece
inaugurated the solar revolution
he was the greatest environmental
president since Theodore Roosevelt
double unison as the national parks he
transformed our whole domestic
transportation system deregulating
everything from trucks and rail Darryl
as he really democratized air lands
brought
the JetBlue's and Southwest sending heat
he raised the ethical bar whole host of
legislation inspectors general
requirements of disclosure and in
Micah's dad's area and foreign policy it
was really remarkable Camp David there's
a landmark of personal diplomatic
involvement for thirteen agonizing days
and nights I'm creating a peace between
Israel and Egypt which has lasted to
this day putting human rights at the
centerpiece of his foreign policy and
applying at both Latin American
dictatorships on the right and the
Soviet Union on the left Andrew little
realized it was his remilitarization the
increase in defense spending after
Vietnam that began to really provide the
platform that President Reagan built one
and to contest the build-up with the
Soviet Union II normalize relations with
China right and created a whole new era
with the Panama Canal treaty with Latin
America it is remarkable I mean
normalize relations with China and the
Camp David Accords and you you can go on
and on but but his policy on human
rights against the Soviet Union back at
a time that we were the conventional
wisdom was that we didn't ruffle the
Soviet Union's Fest exactly engaged in
daytime and yet President Carter and
those that work for him you dr.
Burzynski and others being champions of
Human Rights said a very clear message
to dissidents in Poland to dissidents
behind the Iron Curtain the dissidents
and in Soviet Russia that that history
shows us now had an extraordinary impact
on on history and certainly helped
Ronald Reagan as you said begin what he
did over eight years
yes it's ironic show that the date on
program that Nixon Ford and Kissinger
developed really provided our umbrella
for a big military buildup by the Soviet
Union that we contested but they view
was whatever happens domestically it's
not RF that was not Carter view so with
the Soviet Union he reached out to sock
in the first week of the administration
responding to his letter asking the
president to stand up for the democratic
movement he embraced the Soviet Jewish
immigration movement and literally
according to Sharansky himself saved his
life by denying that he was a US spy in
the midst of his trial and together with
Pope John Paul the second he really
began to reach out to for example
Micah's father's homeland in Poland to
stir up the Democratic movements in the
former communist East Bloc and really
began the unraveling of the Soviet Union
again began began a spark which spread
into a fire would spread into solidarity
which again spread into especially what
happened in 1989 I want to talk about
your story really quickly because I find
your story fascinating and for young
people watching that think they want to
get involved in politics but always
think they have to do this safe thing
they have to go with the frontrunner
that if go with whether it's Donald
Trump now or whether it's some other
person and power in the future you
actually were going to go with a man
from the most white-shoe law firm in
Atlanta the guy who was the can't-miss
candidate you go into his stately office
and he was the epitome of southern there
were just southern aristocracy we had
and then a friend of year said hey I
want you to meet this other guy that I
love and you walked it you met him
downtown Atlanta and what you saw was
completely different tell us about that
well thank you for letting me say that I
had worked in the Johnson White House
for a year after Harvard Law School then
a Humphrey campaign when he lost him
went back to Atlanta and I made a
beeline for the office of former
governor Sanders who was going to run
and his sumptuous law office he was the
odds-on favorite a high school friend
Henry Bower insisted that I see this
unknown state senator who was running
Jimmy Carter and I said no I've made a
commitment to Sanders please so I had
two meetings with him Jo in an office
that was starkly different than the son
folding chairs cardboard table has a
table and two metal chairs and work
boots and khakis now why was I attracted
to him I saw him as a bridge between the
rural South and the rural parts of
Georgia and Atlanta he supported mass
transit he supported education reform he
supported government and he supported
civil rights and that was the big thing
and I never regretted it Joe and mica
during his presidency this southern
President the first since reconstruction
from the deep south appointed more women
and more African Americans to judicial
appointments in two major positions
administration than all thirty-eight
presidents before him putting together
that's amazing one of the big
revelations here is how Carter not
Nixon's
secretly negotiated normalization of
relations with China that is such a big
part of our historical fabric that we
have a metaphor for it right Nixon goes
to China moment can you educate us on
that what happened there if you ask any
informed person who normalized relations
with China they'll say Nixon and
Kissinger and they deserve credit for
the reach out but they did not want to
take on the Taiwan Lobby in their own
Republican Party it was too tough so
they didn't take the next step of
actually establishing diplomatic
relations it was dr. Brzezinski who
started this with secret talks and then
the president who consummated it and one
great story when dumb shall ping came
for his first visit in the Cabinet Room
all 4 foot 11 of them controlling the
billion people he thanked the president
of course for being the first to bring
them into the family of Nations but he
said what I really want
if this sounds for me that it should I
want the lowest tariffs on my goods that
you provide to every other country and I
know there's a law that prevents that if
you restrict immigration that was aimed
at the Soviet Union he says mr.
president I don't restrict immigration
and he takes a pencil and White House
notepad pushes it to the president the
Cabinet Room and says now you write down
the number of Chinese you'd like me to
send you each year a million 10 million
I'll tell you what I'll take ten million
Chinese if you'll take ten thousand
American journalists oh very little
tension with the press and amigos honey
at your father's funeral
yeah President Carter thought dr.
Burzynski and and them coming to your
house for the state dinner and then of
course Sam mica having no billing nope
I've heard questions Eisenstaedt is that
one good question Jimmy Carter's not
here obviously but having been with him
lived through that presidency if he what
do you think he would tell Donald Trump
what kind of piece of advice with Jimmy
Carter tell Donald Trump as Jonathan has
three years left of his first term
that's a very good question I think
several things first to respect the
office and the institutions of the
executive branch or Justice Department
your FBI and your cabinet second to have
the highest ethical standards possible
he really raised the bar with law and
action third I think it is respect the
environment we only have one and only
last so long please respected and act as
you respect the presidency and last try
to apply civil rights and human rights
civil rights at home
human rights abroad bring us together
don't do vadas respect everybody
regardless of color race creed or origin
I really think that's what he stood for
it I didn't write this book to be any
Trump but I think that is the kind of
thing that one would hope and the
balance of his administration the
president Trump might draw from Jimmy
Carter this book is a trip down memory
lane
for me and just remember my dad in the
house going hello it's due when you
would call and talking to you on the
phone a lot and spending a lot of time
together
the book is an incredible read President
Carter the White House years Stuart
Eizenstat thank you so much really great
- thank you so much what what wouldn't
it absolutely
book for us to read take a closer look
at the Carter President Abdullah head
we're gonna talk to the reporters behind
the two big stories of the morning NBC's
Cara Lee with her reporting on John
Kelly mocking the president's policy
ignorant even calling him an idiot and
the New York Times Michael Schmitt with
his reporting on the questions Bob
Miller has for the president concerning
possible collusion and obstruction of
justice just moments ago the president
fired off another tweet quote it would
seem very hard to obstruct US justice
for a crime that never happened
witch-hunt turned the channel we're back
in a moment thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
