I don't know his business but this
doesn't have to do with me Michael is a
businessman he's got a business he also
practices law I would say probably the
big thing is this business mr. president
how much of your legal work was handled
by Michael Kohn well as a percentage of
my overall legal work a tiny tiny little
fraction but Michael would represent me
and represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
and you know from what I see he did
absolutely nothing wrong it's right no
Meade's eyes opened up - he said he
represents me on this crazy stormy they
did a great job and I hope they're
really good yesterday in that crazy
stormy Daniels deal by the way was he
calling stormy Daniels crazy or the deal
crazy and then you know again proving
that there was a deal but you should not
call stormy Daniels crazy if you have an
agreement that involves a lot because
it's a form where you can't talk about
another lawsuit against the president
this time claiming defamation you can't
do that stems from a tweet the president
posited weeks ago disputing the porn
stars claimed that she was threatened to
keep quiet about her alleged affair with
Trump she released his sketch of an
alleged suspect last month the next day
the president tweeted quote but Scott
years later about a non-existent man a
total con job playing the fake news
media for fools but they know it the
lawsuit claims quote mr. Trump knew that
his fault
false disparaging statement would be
read by people around the world as well
as widely reported and that miss
Clifford would be subjected to threats
of violence economic harm and
reputational damage the lawsuit seeks at
least $75,000 in damages as for Michael
Cohen senior reporter at Vanity Fair and
in NBC News and MSNBC contributor Emily
Jane Fox reports on how Michael Cohen
reacted to the president's Fox & Friends
interview from last Thursday quote
according to to people familiar with the
situation he had not initially been
watching as Trump gave is unscripted and
occasionally unhinged phone interview to
Fox Cohan according to three people
familiar with his thinking was baffled
about why Trump even made them
in the first place he did not see the
benefit and was not sure what purpose
had served which frustrated him
especially as he'd been spending 10
hours a day fighting these allegations
and Emily joins us now so he was a
little surprised so his own lawyer was
wondering why Donald Trump was on TV
making claims that hurt both of their
legal standing he was due in court at
noon that day and again to be around at
8 o'clock that morning and it completely
changed his legal argument going into
that day in court now he had been
spending about ten hours a day with his
lawyers going through the first
production of the documents at the
government at handi-vac and so spending
all this time spending all of this money
trying to fight this battle and then
seeing this statement from the president
who he's been so outwardly loyal to can
I shoot him in the foot completely
undercut him saying wait this case is
not about me it's about Michael Cohen's
business and he's not really that much
of a lawyer he's more of a businessman
there's a tiny fraction seized on and
broke my old a letter with the judge so
not only do you have him shooting him in
the foot legally but it's also a very
obvious step back I barely know that any
reporting that I have from about how
from his friends people close to him how
Michael Cohen reacted to that
emotionally was he hurt was he
disappointed not surprised I think that
there was a deal of disappointment and a
lot of frustration and and a lot of
surprise now I will say at the time he
was not watching it when he really
watched it it just so happened that the
fire alarm in the hotel where he's been
staying went off which I think as I love
a little oh my gosh okay so so then we
we move from that to the president
talking about the crazy stormy Daniels
deal and then this Inquirer story about
Michael Cohen gosh I feel like I've been
here before
and kind of understand what's happening
here but I'll let you try and explain it
Emily this is interesting this is a mi a
company that is very close with the
president and has been a great press
supporter for the president and to see
this publication published something
that is not favorable Michael Cohen
now David pecker has been a good friend
of Michael Cohen since before did
Michael Cohen even knew Donald Trump and
so this is not only a perhaps a
distancing between Donald Trump and
Michael Cohen but it's a distancing
between David pecker sign that he's
being which Michael Cohen basically has
to get get the message by now that all
of trumps team is turning against him
because during the campaign when you had
Minoo Ted Cruz when Ted Cruz was ahead
of Donald Trump I think it just beaten
him in Iowa I think that's when the
National Enquirer accused Ted Cruz of
having an affair with five women Ben
Carson when Carson was doing well in the
polls the National Enquirer dropped a
story about what a horrible surgeon he
was and and then of course the best
example was and we all talked about it
in real time here the week before Donald
Trump fired Michael Flynn when he was
still saying Michael Flynn great
American the National Enquirer runs a
story that Trump is out in him as a
Russian spy it's not just the stories
they run it's the stories that they
catch and don't run which makes them
such an asset for Trump to have but I
got to say maybe I'm dense I don't get
it Michael Kohn knows more secrets about
Donald Trump than perhaps anyone outside
of the Trump family why you would offend
someone hurts someone who assumed this
is true assume that he'd be part of this
administration assuming to be taken in
by the presidency I was spurned during
the campaign a lot of times was spurned
during the transition why you would then
go out in this moment of vulnerability
and do this to him seems incredibly
cavalier if not daim short-sighted there
were people close to him who said to me
this was just plain old stupid and it's
hard to make an argument
otherwise okay and what do you think is
the biggest risk that Michael Cohen
flips on the president the President
himself has tweeted that this is just an
effort to get Michael Cohen to flip so
what is the biggest risk here is it all
of the stormy Daniels payoff is it the
fact that he's the gatekeeper to Donald
Trump's businesses and Michael did you
get any sense of him kind of feeling
that anger and potentially quote-unquote
flipping on the president I have to say
every time I've interviewed him he has
shown nothing but loyalty outwardly
to me and has always said that he's done
nothing wrong so I can't say for my
interviews with him that I have any
sense of him flipping or what he has
potentially done wrong but who knows
what good time let me ask really quickly
about it just when all of this went down
and Donald Trump crossed Michael Cohen
the way he did get me you're asking the
question initially and then I heard
everybody saying no he's been tied to
Trump for four years now but it's
Michael Cohen possibly exaggerating his
importance to Donald Trump
does he not have everything that we're
hearing so many people are saying that
he has on Donald Trump or does he know
where all the bodies are buried all I
can say is that he worked in Trump Tower
right down the hall from Donald Trump
for a decade doing things that people
have described as what a fixer would do
yeah what he has I don't think anybody
knows but this is the kind of red meat
stuff that obviously investigators are
interested enough to raid his hotel room
his apartment and his office with search
warrants we also want to mention that
Emily's forthcoming book entitled born
Trump inside America's first family it's
coming out soon we're revealing the
cover here you can pre pre purchase it
but this is gonna be amazing
I I've heard a little bit about some of
your reporting we've discussed it but
Wow does she have an inside look as to
how this family works and not just the
president
Jared and Ivanka wins the book comes out
on June 19th with HarperCollins and it
is it really book real gold
oh it's solid 18 it doubles as a mirror
in opinion I bet it does by the way if
you'd like to buy born Trump you can
pre-order it right now on amazon.com
yeah who's got the wrong set Jeff Bezos
Doug richest man in the world
all right well any zillion you know that
you're reporting has been fascinating on
these the Jared and Ivanka along the
campaign trail and throughout the first
year this book will be amazing Emily
Jane Fox thank you very much coming up
battling brain cancer Senate Senator
John McCain confirms this will be his
last term he says he's now free to speak
his mind that he has some tough new
words about Donald Trump that is next on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
