as the u.s. faces monumental decisions
about nuclear diplomacy on two
continents with the potential to reshape
the world for years to come
world leaders are scrambling to
influence the present States using the
best way to his heart
extravagant flattery call it the
audience of one doctrine of
international diplomacy on full display
today from Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu who of course opposes
the Iran deal nuclear deal known as the
joint comprehensive plan of action or
jcpoa
he gave a presentation to the press in
English using giant text and plenty of
pictures even a big display of props to
try and persuade the president to kill
the deal before an upcoming May 12th
deadline the Iran deal
the nuclear deal is based on lies it's
based on Iranian lies in Iranian
deception president Trump will decide
we'll make a decision on what to do with
the nuclear deal I'm sure you'll do the
right thing well never mind the material
met now who presented appears to come
from before the deal was put in place
much of it reviewed years ago by the
UN's nuclear watchdog that agency's
former chief inspector told the Guardian
quote I just saw a lot of pictures I had
seen before and never mind that Iran's
dishonesty about its nuclear program was
a major reason for doing the deal in the
first place as the president's own
defense secretary told Congress last
week I will say that it is written
almost with an assumption that Iran
would try to cheat so the verification
what what is in there is is actually
pretty robust none of that matters all
that matters is that a certain person
caught a few minutes of Netanyahu's
performance on TV what Israel has done
today with the news conference and Prime
Minister Netanyahu just gave a very I
don't know everybody's seen it but I've
got to see a little bit of it and that
is just not an acceptable situation I
think of anything what's happening today
and what's happened over the last little
while and what we've learned has really
shown that I've been 100 percent right
mission accomplished Netanyahu Netanyahu
is allied against the Iran deal with of
course Saudi Arabia which went above and
beyond to massage the president's ego
during his visit to the kingdom last
year the Saudis have a kind of inside
track on this as they are pretty used to
public displays of monarchical flattery
they're pitted against European leaders
who support the nuclear deal and who've
been trying to mount a charm offensive
at their own we of course saw French
president Emmanuel macron lovefest for
the president just last week followed by
an unusually friendly visit from German
Chancellor Angela Merkel and just as the
president is poised to undo a verified
Accord that has thus far prevented Iran
from developing nuclear weapons
he's also simultaneously plunging
headlong into face-to-face talks with
the regime whose record of lying about
his nuclear program and defying
international norms he's argue as bad if
not worse than Iran's the only real
difference seems to be that one of those
regimes already signed a deal with the
president's predecessor South Korea
president moon jae-in
who wants diplomacy with the north has
been as adept as anyone at plagued the
president's vanity praising Trump for
bringing North Korea to the negotiating
table and letting him take credit for
saving the Olympics I'll tell you we did
a great job in the Olympics president
moon of South Korea said without Donald
Trump the Olympics would have been a
total failure it's true
might as well say it nobody else is
going to say it right hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
