thing one tonight when French president
Emmanuel macron visited the White House
last week he arrived bearing a special
gift an oak sapling from the site of a
war war one battle in Northeast France
that took place 100 years ago this June
and so of course there was a ceremonial
planting of the tree on the first day of
necrons visit the Trump's the macrons
traipsed out to the South Lawn wearing
some frankly fairly impractical outfits
for yard work and the men picked up
their golden shovels and proceeded to
dump about well five shovelfuls of dirt
around the tree the still photos somehow
captured the awkwardness the moment even
better than the video sparking all sorts
of memes like this one from twitter user
matthew von Rohr the new soprano season
is the best or this from hunter laurie
who asks which Pink Floyd album is this
so with their landscaping duties
completed the first couples headed off
to Mount Vernon for dinner but that's
not where the story ends because over
the weekend the photographer's the White
House noticed something was missing
and all that remains is a patch of
yellow grass the mystery of the
disappearing French oak tree is
thing--to
in 60 seconds a mystery on the White
House South Lawn the oak tree planted
just last week by President Trump and
French president micron went missing
over the weekend with nothing left but a
faint patch of yellow turf well tonight
I'm happy to report we have good news
about the tree it is alive and well in
an undisclosed location waiting at a
quarantine period that's mandatory for
all living organisms imported to the US
more regulatory red tape if you will the
French ambassador the United States
confirmed on Twitter the roots were
enclosed in a plastic protection during
the ceremonial planting last week so
that no potential disease could spread
to other White House plants in the short
time the tree was in the ground an
official from President macrons office
explained to Reuters that this was the
plan all along quote it was actually a
special favor from Trump to France to be
able to plant the tree the day of the
president's visit since then it is
returned to quarantine and will soon be
replanted in the White House Gardens
don't worry the tree is doing very well
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
