for more on this breaking news I'm Tommy
Kristen Welker what else caused by the
NBC News she helped break this story
Ashley Parker White House reporter an
MSNBC political analyst Charlie Sykes
contributing editor with a weekly
standard and an MSNBC contributor and
Quinn Eugene Robinson columnist at The
Washington Post also an MSNBC News
contributor Kristen this story is this
new or is this something you've been
enterprising for several weeks these lot
in these comments like calling the
president an idiot making fun of his
lack of knowledge is that a fresh
development or just something you've now
only now been able to report well it's
something we've been working on for
several weeks Chris but I can tell you
that we've spoken to a number of current
and former administration officials who
say that he has used that term over a
period of time going back to
Charlottesville you remember the big
controversy surrounding the president's
comments in Charlottesville and then
most recently as you just talked about
when they were discussing daca tried to
get a deal done on immigration and of
course those talks fell apart privately
John Kelly using the term idiot to
describe the president publicly some of
those frustrations bubbled up into
public view remember John Kelly when on
Fox News talked about the fact that the
president's views on immigration have
been evolving and that characterization
really infuriated the president but it's
not just that Chris at some of the
comments that he's made about women it's
really surprised some of the female
staffers here in some instances talking
about the fact that women are more
emotional than men during the Rob Porter
scandal of course he's the staff
secretary who was ousted after
allegations by two ex-wives of abuse
which he denies but John Kelly talking
about the fact that he hopes that his
reputation can be restored that's
another moment that really roiled some
of the female staffers here so what
you're witnessing I think Chris is the
president's relationship with his chief
of staff this very critical relationship
souring I spoke to one administration
official who said look the bottom line
here is that Kelly's influence and his
standing has been diminished in recent
months Chris well let's put all this
together Jeanne you're the editor of
fame here I know how to end it Peter you
know how to do one put it together the
fact he calls the president idiot
some of the same categories Don Regan
mocking a President Reagan's ability
acting like he's the prime minister the
other guy's sort of an aging monarch and
this one put put it together morale
going down because he treats women
the condescendingly and he treats the
boss the president condescendingly well
you know Chris my first question when i
when i read this fabulous story it's do
you can't believe this story as you as
you read through it but you do believe
it my first question was why is this
coming out now who's leaking this right
because somebody is talking to Kristen
and her colleagues and I'm sure she
won't tell me who but I'd love to know
because I my question is it's one of the
factions in the White House out to get
Kelly are they trying to get him out of
there
do they think he sees weaken
sufficiently that they can sort of lever
him out by disclosing these things that
are sure to rile the president and that
he will probably never forget forget he
never forgot from Tillerson and he'll
never forget the idiot comment this was
a kill shot mm-hmm seems to be a kill
shot and you wouldn't take a kill shot
at the chief of staff unless you maybe
you're an idiot or if you're not an
idiot you'd have to think he was he was
weak enough that you could really push
him out because if you if you don't you
know you take a shot at the guy and he's
still there he's gonna make your life
miserable lastly can you put this
together for us is this sort of a put
together piece and ketchup piece of you
will about why there's morale dropping
in the White House because this is
really something we have noticed I
remember with Billy daily Bill Daley was
chief of staff to President Obama you
can see his declining influence until he
finally said this is ridiculous I'm
getting out of here
you know because Jarrett what's-her-name
of Valerie Jarrett was sort of calling
the shots
is this about degradation of this
influence is this about deterioration of
his relation with the President or both
with the president and the staff what is
it about here I think the answer is both
but you really only get these sorts of
pieces in this curry embassy or
poor is the latest in a number of them
when staff morale has declined and when
the chief of staff has lost the support
of his team largely that's what's
striking a number of people made the
point to me that when Kelly came in he
came in to impose order and discipline
and the leaks really did stop for a
while it was totally dissimilar to the
previous chief of staff Reince Priebus
who never really had the respect of his
team and then as Kelly's sort of this
his relationship with the president
became more fraught and as he did a
number of things that frustrated the
staff including some of them said they
felt sort of lying about incidents or
spinning them to look better for himself
you start to see these leaks so the fact
that a piece like this could even exist
with eight people talking to NBC is just
the latest sign of John Kelly's
declining clout in that West Wing let me
go to Charlie Charlie Sykes let's do it
politically here now the presidents of
quarterbacks there's a one who stays in
the pocket the one who scrambles the cut
the ones who stay in the pocket last
longer I've noticed the ones who
scrambled don't they're fun to watch but
they run all over the place getting
tackled he looks like a scrambler Trump
and I wonder why he can't stay in the
pocket why he names a chief of staff and
then seems to ignore him the chief of
staff lacks confidence in the president
it is look like a disorderly household
to me yeah he's a scrambler well first
of all what a fun place it sounds like
the White House is to work yes this is
an untenable situation for the White
House one of the unbreakable conceits of
in Trump world is that well Donald Trump
is that you know he's not a politician
he's a businessman well he's a terrible
manager and leader and it's reflected in
the personal choices he's making but
also in this climate you know and both
Ashley and Jean I think I've really put
their finger on there's two different
parts of this story number one that
eight people are leaking have pulled the
daggers out to insert them in you know
general Kelley's back it is just that
fact alone he's extraordinary about the
dysfunction of the White House and then
secondary if the chief of staff to the
president the United States thinks the
commander in chief is an idiot and is
saying this openly this is an again one
of these extraordinary moments it
doesn't sound all that fresh I feel like
we've heard
this before you know and so you have two
classes of people you have the kool-aid
drinkers in the white house and then the
people who think they need to stay in
the white house to protect the country
from the President of the United States
that's kind of an untenable business
model hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
