welcome back as we said both Republicans
and Democrats are trying to channel
voter anger from the Cavanaugh fight
into voter turnout as we head into the
midterm home stretch and one of the key
places in the battleground for the House
is right here in California where early
voting actually begins today Hillary
Clinton carried seven districts in 2016
that are currently held by Republicans
the cook Political Report late rates all
but two of them as toss-ups right now
making them prime targets for Democrats
and Democrats also have their sights set
on Republican congressman Duncan Hunter
district it is the reddest district in
Southern California but has become more
competitive since Hunter was indicted
for using more than 250,000 dollars in
campaign funds for personal expenses
winning seats in California will be a
key test on election night for Democrats
if they can win here I'm sorry if they
can't win here can they went anywhere
joining me now is two Democrats trying
to turn red seats blue Ammar camp and a
half Najjar is challenging congressman
Duncan Hunter and harley ruta is
challenging congressman dana rohrabacher
gentlemen thank you very much for being
here
Amaury it since you're sitting next to
me i want to start with you
there is talk about the i-word
impeachment when it comes to not the
president longer but now Brett Kavanaugh
is that something that you would support
if you were elected into Congress that's
a good question so for me I think
Democrats we need to stop complaining
we've got to start campaigning we've got
to win some elections we are where we
are because we lost elections in 2016
you know what happened a couple days ago
is gonna define many generations yet to
come these people's kids what we're
gonna do next 29 days will also define
many generations to come so we got to
win some races
would you support impeaching him no no
we got a win fair and square just win
some elections what do you think Harley
you're talking about Cavanaugh I think
we do need to find out whether he lied
under oath or not I certainly showed a
demeanor that's not consistent with
somebody we would expect to be serving
on the Supreme Court would you want to
find out more information Nancy Pelosi
filed a FOIA request yesterday to
preserve the record
between the White House and the FBI but
also I think to get more information on
the interview process what happened
behind the scenes when it comes to when
it came to the investigation into Cabot
I would you support that yes I think the
American people want to know they want
to know whether the latest justice on
the Supreme Court lied under oath and as
I stated earlier it was very clear that
his demeanor in the the process was not
becoming of a member of the Supreme
Court so we rushed him through and we
are living with the consequences of
rushing him through by not having a full
story and a full understanding of what
he said on the stand was whether it was
true or not
how much did Cavanaugh and and his
status on the Supreme Court the
investigation into Cavanaugh period be a
campaign issue for the next month I
think you know I've talked to a lot of
people women on both sides Republicans
Democrats independents who are really
galvanized by this they're upset by the
turnout a lot of what Rhoda said rings
true for them it's going to galvanize
both parties and I think in the end of
the day we need a focus on our districts
for me it's not about the personal
politics it's about our personal health
our personal safety our personal
financial dignity I personally as the
son of a single working-class mom who
raised me on her own were being broken
broken hearted I'm appalled by the toxic
masculinity that's going on in
Washington a lot of it exists in my
district as you know Duncan Hunter
somebody who was accused of these
allegations and his big bold idea was to
blame his wife and throw her under the
bus so there is a lot of toxic
masculinity that men and women this
election need to hold men accountable
looking at California as a whole there's
a big Senate race senator Feinstein
who's running against Kevin de Lyonne
who do you support you know I'm sitting
out of that race I'm still trying to
figure out what best ideas are out there
but I think because I still want to hear
I think it's healthy for our democracy
to challenge the establishment that's
what I did on both sides Democrats and
Republicans were against me because I
was leading with my values I think
Kevin's running a campaign less
challenging the status quo and I'm still
trying to figure out in terms of who has
a viable chance of what I will say is
that Dianne Feinstein is a fixture and
she has a senior position that's able to
give us a voice as Democrats the job
that she did on the Senate Judiciary
Committee in the cabinet confirmation
process I was proud of her as a
California I was proud of the work she
did what about you Harley would you
support Feinstein or Kevin de Leon
well like
I'm not picking sides here I have one
mission and that is to defeat Russia's
favorite congressman Dana Rohrabacher
Dianne Feinstein has done a fabulous job
in her service to our country and did a
great job in the judiciary panel as well
and we need to make sure that we have
quality people like Diane in office and
whether she or Kevin when I will support
them 100% I know you guys are both
running for the house but do you think
that the Senate Democrats should have
done anything differently in the
confirmation process for Brett Kavanaugh
well I think we should have been
fighting back all along on the McConnell
rule the McConnell rule seemed to work
for the Republican Party and they
delayed that confirmation process for
almost a year yet we had to rush this
one through as quickly as possible and I
think it's Democrats we should have
vocalized more that this process
deserves the time to give it the depth
and breadth to make sure that Cavanaugh
is the right person to go on the bench
and they were in the minority no I don't
mean to interrupt but they were in the
minority they tried to do that they
tried to slow it down as much as they
could they demanded more documentation
more of his paperwork from an emailed
chains from the time that he was in
george w bush's white house they tried
to delay it as much as he is what you
just said they were in the minority we
cannot have these fights we are going to
continue to feel disempowered as
Democrats as people who are fighting for
women until we win back some seats
that's what the focus is the next 29
days we got to focus on flipping the
house that's the biggest focus what
happened a couple days ago happened
let's move forward the next 29 days win
some seats and hold the administration
accountable here is part of an ad that
Duncan Hunter is currently running
against familiar with it let's watch it
a markup on a jar is working to
infiltrate Congress he's used three
different names to hide his family's
ties to terrorism
his grandfather masterminded the Munich
Olympic Massacre his father said they
deserved to die
tucked I'll get a thorough fact check on
that I don't need to do that all over
again right what is your response yeah
it's not based in fact at all I was
cleared by the FBI to work at the White
House Duncan Hunter was indicted by the
FBI that's the contrast one of us is a
law breaker and
it's an inspiring lawmaker more
Democrats come to your defense against
that ad Wyatt more Democrats condemned
that ad why Ivan any Republicans condemn
that a lot of Republicans have condemned
that ad in my district and that's what
counts the most I don't care about
what's going on Washington I really
don't care they don't seem to have their
act together what we need is a new
incoming class of 2019 members of
Congress like me and Ruta who will hold
the administration accountable we'll
bring back civility and honor and get
rid of the chaos and watch hardly what
do you think of this ed yeah that's the
first I've heard of it and that is
consistent with what we're seeing from
the congressional leadership fund I
assume was the one probably paying for
it and they have a long history of
creating lies and making up stories to
run an agenda that clearly is against
the will of the American people so keep
fighting back you've got a great race
and I think you're gonna win it
well three polls seem to have a
statistically tied and I will say this
I'm not a threat to national security
that ad shows that I'm a threat to
Duncan Hunter seat I know that there's
three polls that are that have you
slightly closer than some other polling
that's out there how do you feel about
the polling right now do you think it's
adequately representing the people that
are actually going to go out and vote or
do you believe there's gonna be some
first time voters not likely voters that
will end up swaying this I agree I think
people Poehler's pollsters are having a
hard time figuring out what a likely
voter is the only poll that matters
katie is an election day and that's why
the next 29 days again until I'm blue in
the face we have to get out the vote we
got to make sure to redeem ourselves get
back that country that we love and lost
in 2016 by going out and voting hardly
you were a bit ahead of Dana Rohrabacher
for quite a while a couple months back
in July August and part of September
that essence tightened now you're you're
neck-and-neck why do you think that is
yeah Katie really depends on the poll so
we've had numerous polls that show I'm
either tied or slightly ahead in those
polls have different modeling as to
voter turnout so if you go with a more
conservative voter turnout that's
similar to a 2014 general election then
you're going to have a tighter race but
if we get the surge vote that we saw in
the primary to carry over to the general
then you start to see a little bit more
separation and and I'm confident that we
will carry the day on November 6 last
question to both of you first off Nancy
Pelosi
as fundraise on your behalf Harley would
you support her as Speaker of the House
yeah I've said all along I've got one
mission here and that's the defeat Dana
Rohrabacher and if I'm fortunate and
sworn in in January I will see who is
holding their hand up to be Speaker of
the House I will do appropriate due
diligence now that you would support
Nancy Pelosi because I don't know who
else is running so I want to see who
else is running for Speaker of the House
before making a decision you said you
don't support love this question I'm
gonna I've been earning my votes and
cosplaying ones who ever can earn my
vote just like I'm ten let me get
elected first and then you'll have the
first exclusive on that question
gentlemen Harley Roode I am are campin
ajar thank you very much for joining us
we do appreciate everything and we do
want to note that we did reach out to
the Republicans in these races that the
Democrats are challenging and two other
Republicans as well to join us here
today but unfortunately none of them
could be here hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
