Chris Jansing is joining us live with
the latest installment of her Dems
divided series and Chris you were
actually out there in this kind of boot
camp talking to those candidates what do
you hear it
yeah fervor is right they tell me
they're fired up this is a literal
tsunami halle of progressive candidates
hundreds of them came together for this
four-day conference to get the tools to
win intensive training on everything
from building a website and fundraising
to messaging Emmy Award winning writers
helping them hone their stories all with
a common goal to tell voters we hear you
and we will get things done
no this isn't a Bernie Sanders rally
circuit 2016 it is a rallying cry though
by 450 candidates from around the
country at a training session hosted by
the progressive change campaign
committee who here thinks that Democrats
should not just resist but we need to
stand for something 80% of the people
here are first-time candidates and they
aren't motivated to run just by Donald
Trump's election but by frustration with
fellow Democrats too like candidates who
aren't progressive enough the middle
class and the lower class voice is not
being heard I am running because my
congressman has looked me right in the
eye and told me that no one ever dies
with because they don't have access to
health care frustration with business as
usual I'm running against corporate
Democrats who have all taken money on
either career politicians lobbyists and
I'm the only progressive that's running
in my race and frustration with a
democratic party that's let so many
Republicans go unchallenged
it makes me infuriated but you
understand people who look at the stats
seems the publicans dominate in a
district and they say what's the point
the point is that there's people that
might come to the Democratic Party if
the message was right if they have the
right Canada to believe in that
frustration inspired Danielle Iselle to
run for state Senate in Oklahoma thank
you everybody for being here today
joined by about 45 determined volunteers
going door-to-door on a rainy Saturday
morning how many of you have never
volunteered for a campaign before Wow a
progressive in a state where Donald
Trump still has a 53 percent approval
rate
traditional Democrats progressive
Democrats how hard is that to walk that
line I think it is challenging you know
I but again we can all come together
when we want to do what's right that's
exactly the message back in Washington I
think that there is absolutely a
division in the Democratic Party and to
people who say organizations like this
divide the Democratic Party they hurt
the cause we think the majority of the
country our polling shows supports
Medicare for all supports higher wages
supports expanding Social Security and
our candidates are speaking to that
their teachers who marched for better
pay Muslims women blacks transgender
candidates diverse backgrounds but a
common rallying cry for progressives and
the old blue just won't do well for
progressives today's new Reuters poll
makes their point halle support for
Democrats over Republicans in Congress
has taken a nearly double-digit dive in
the last couple of years among
Millennials now two out of three of them
don't like Donald Trump but increasingly
they say Republicans are better stewards
of the economy the message I heard from
a lot of those individual progressive
candidates is we as Democrats have not
been forceful enough in getting that
message out there Chris Jansing always
interesting stuff thank you for bringing
that to us I appreciate it I want to
bring in now Jamal Simmons Democratic
strategist and host of the hill TV
Kimberly and Sahil are back with us -
would you make of that oh I mean I'm
hearing this all over the country you
are every Democrat I talked to is really
anxious about not just beating
Republicans by having a democratic party
that stands for something and I think
when you see hundreds of thousands of
people taking to the streets and all of
these rallies those people aren't there
because they care about some small issue
they're there because they have a
passion for a core issue whether it's
guns or it's women's rights or it's
black lives matter or immigration reform
they want Democrats to stand up so not
everyone's gonna be able to run on like
an old straw liberal message if you will
but there does seem to be this
anti-establishment thread that is common
through a lot of these different races
and it's something that bid or work
talked about with is it relates to
Bernie Sanders with Casey hunt just last
night watch
who do you think should be the next
leader of the Democratic Party do you
think for example Bernie Sanders should
run for president again I I don't know I
would love for us to look to those who
are coming up through the ranks who have
so much to offer who are already doing
such a great job in leading and making
sure that they can do that to their full
potential should Bernie run president I
don't know he sort of went on to talk a
little more about it but yeah I mean
look I think it Elizabeth Warren is
probably the person from that wing of
the party if she runs that may be a
little bit different I think people are
looking for fresher voices I interviewed
Nancy Pelosi about a week ago she says
she's not giving up her seat at the
table she's happy to stay there I think
Democrats are gonna have to do two
things
one have the courage to stand up for
their values and stand up against the
President and then to have a vision for
the future that's really about our
economic aspirations oh you talk about
going around the country and hearing
that sort of message from a lot of the
Democrats you talk to you but guys that
might not work everywhere and a project
it probably won't work everywhere you
have the latest polls showing Democrats
with an eight-point advantage on the
generic ballot I don't love generic
ballot poll is the best job when you
look at the Senate seats damage or
defending check out this map it's tough
right yeah the most vulnerable are in
the Rust Belt the Northern Plains it's
it's it's not places where that rallying
cry will necessarily resound right and
at the same time you are seeing this
leftward push among a lot of Democrats
including many who have 20/20 buzz
around them they're pushing for more
things like Medicare for all and other
things that are really not necessarily
in line with what these individual
candidates in these districts can really
sell to these voters and it's sort of a
disconnect there between Washington and
what you'll see on the ground
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
