I want to bring my panel in it's a good
one Bobby Ghosh a foreign affairs
analyst and former international editor
of Time magazine
Noel Nick poor or Republican strategist
and author of branding America and my
friend Caitlin Huey burns a political
reporter for Real Clear Politics happy
Monday to all Noel I go to you first
talk of a Nobel Peace Prize that's a
very big deal are we setting the bar too
high or too premature well no and we
were talking in the green room a minute
ago and you know Obama Obama got a Nobel
Peace Prize and nothing was done one of
the things that I think that we need to
look at is the fact that Trump has
ignited this he has lit the fuse I mean
we wouldn't be here in these
negotiations if it wasn't for Trump
hammering down really hard I can tell by
the way you're looking that you're not
inside about but minoo in we are where
we are because of what how Trump has
negotiated this which was really pretty
hard hard core you know a lot of
name-calling it was very bizarre but
whatever is going on I think it's
working and the other thing of it is we
don't know what happened in that meeting
with Pompeo that seeker of meeting when
bomb Pompeo went over there but
something happened I don't know if you
guys you know honed in on the body
language of you know the South Korean
president and Kim jong-un he was
grabbing his hand he was smiling and
this is not the behavior that we saw
from Kim jong-un months ago so South
Korean president is the one who has said
Nobel Peace Prize for the president
there are --then there are skeptical
Trump supporters who voted for the
president and said his behavior is so
crazy it just might work is this an
example of that Bobby well that's
certainly what they're saying this
morning what are you saying well I have
to agree I think that Trump's bellicose
rhetoric has helped push us to this
point not just what Trump has been
saying directly about North Korea in
sort of open channels I people
on China to put pressure on North Korea
so it it has worked it has brought these
and they look if the president of South
Korea is willing to give trump credit
for making this happen we have to
acknowledge that that he has more
information and he has much more at
stake than we do so that's not the same
thing as saying he deserves a Nobel
Prize let's be clear you know just
because the Nobel Committee lowered the
bar so much for Obama doesn't mean
they're necessary necessarily going to
do it for Trump but it has Trump's
rhetoric led to this point I think I
think we have to acknowledge that it has
or is the South Korean president playing
to president Trump saying I say
something like this and Trump won't walk
away Trump loves a compliment like that
and this will get Trump - absolutely
focus on it
if the South Korean president wants to
make sure this summit happens calling
for the president to get the Nobel
that's gonna help it I think that has we
have to talk about the way in which this
president is driven by being able to do
things that his predecessors haven't
been able to do or couldn't do he
mentions that time and time again even
zoom it's his gym for sure even on
Friday standing next to the president a
sorry Chancellor Merkel saying look
nobody's been able to do this listing
all the presidents and look I feel a
responsibility to do this so I think
it's really important that of course
it's big news that the South Korean
president is saying that and we have to
assess kind of how important that is to
Trump's own impetus for moving something
forward on I want to share what John
Bolton said on Fox News over the weekend
he was specifically asked what the
United States wants from North Korea
will president Trump insist that Kim
give up ship out for all of us nuclear
weapons or all of his nuclear fuel all
of his ballistic missiles before the
u.s. makes any concessions yeah I think
that's what denuclearization means is
there any possibility that the US would
accept North Korea as a nuclear power
and allow them to keep some of their
infrastructure I don't see how that's
possible is that realistic he's not
saying no he's just saying he doesn't
see how that's possible
look it's not realistic this is a regime
that defines itself by power and nuclear
power is what makes kim jeong-hoon
a word figure the reason we're paying
attention to him at all is because he's
got nuclear power otherwise North Korea
is a poor country with an over large
military that can't feed its people
nuclear power is a reason he has now I
can see them make a sort of deal that
has vague promises saying we will give
up testing they've already agreed to
that I don't see them actually
physically giving up their nukes so this
what if they don't need to test anymore
what have they done enough testing that
they've figured out we're all set we've
got to keep a village sure and that's a
possibility but that but you know you've
got to realize that John Bolton doesn't
mince words and I think that what you
know and also look at John Bolton's past
when he said these words do you mean
mince words against Muslims do you say
look at his past all the hateful
rhetoric he put out on on this I mean oh
it's so much fun being a Republican
everyone I get to defend all this okay
but knew that I I did I should have
expected I was my guard was down
something okay you know what on this
topic though he has said how can you
tell the North Koreans are lying when
their lips are moving I mean so he
doesn't have a lot of trust with you
know North Korea in general nor should
it but do you think do you think that
maybe some of this turnaround is because
China's sanctions they were maybe the
sanctions ruling because he is really
this is not Korea's almost its only
trade partner without pressure from
China this does not happen but China's
had plenty of opportunities to put
pressure before and let's acknowledge
that Trump has put pressure on China
do you think because that Kim jong-un I
mean we know Trump they don't they could
think that he's unhinged like we think
Kim jong-un is a nut they could thank
Trump is a nut he could actually punch
the button and do something to me they
don't know him Nixon used to say this
Nixon Richard Nixon going back that far
used to say that I want people to think
I'm crazy I want them to think that that
I can't be trusted under Nick we had
great Foreign Relations he may have been
about you on one issue but I mean he
hadn't read it but I'm the next one we
also had Kissinger I'm not sure my
prepare qualifies in that category but
look it's if there is a if there's a
face-to-face discussion between Trump
and Kim jong-un Kim jong-un already
comes out to winner he's already been
taken seriously by the most important
most powerful country in the world he
has already said he's going to stop
testing to your point he's already done
all the testing he needs it's an
important statistic such North Korea has
tested six six times India tested six
times Pakistan tested six times we have
no question that India and Pakistan
today are full-fledged nuclear powers
North Korea does not need to test any
more so giving up testing not a big deal
giving up this particular test site well
plenty of experts say that the use of
this site is already that the site is
already now compromised it can't be used
again and let's not forget a couple of
years ago they blew up a new uranium
test site in front of the world's
cameras they brought an expert in from
the US to take a look at that to say
that look we're blowing up a test site
and they said u.s. experts could come in
now and they're saying that so we've
seen this movie before it's not enough
to just say they're going to
denuclearize or for us to say we insist
that they do nuclearized will we'll have
to see when the rubber meets our own
happily that's not very far away into
the future that's coming this photo hold
on Caitlin if President Trump tears up
the Iran deal does it make this deal
harder well he doesn't see there's a
question right about what the u.s.
credibility is when it comes to making
these deals if we're ripping up your
Rand deal and then expecting to make
some kind of negotiation with North
Korea the president though that
criticism is certainly warranted
President though doesn't seem to be
reacting to that you heard him in that
rally saying John Kerry made a terrible
deal on Iran I'm not going to do that on
North Korea so we don't see him kind of
thinking about that at least publicly in
this way the president though is setting
a very high bar for himself when it
comes to North Korea saying that you
know nobody else has been able to do it
of course but I
he's been you know talking to the crowd
about it last week he tweeted that the
war between north and south is over has
never been able to do it I heard Michael
Hayden this morning saying we've been
here before have we well that's why it's
gonna be very important to see what are
the ramifications for North Korea if the
talks do not go well what is the United
States going to do if we do not have a
pool denuclearized North Korea what is
we haven't talked much about what a walk
away looks like yeah well a walk away
does not look great for president Trump
because he's invested so much of his
political capital for Kim it doesn't
matter
he already comes out of this looking
good he's made peace with South Korea he
has offered to do something it's not
gonna be shamed Trump has to control a
message in a country where there is an
open media that kind that is likely to
criticize him there's not kim jongwan
does not have that problem he controls
off the media and this is important one
of the things that I would look out for
ahead of these talks is how the North
Korean media is covering this what is
Kim telling his old people this is
something that's crucial is him telling
his own people I want to give up nukes
so far he has not done that
when Kim starts talking that language
with his own people remember we only
began to trust Mikhail Gorbachev back in
the day when he became when he allowed
his own people more freedoms that's what
made him credible not just giving up not
just promising to give up that's a good
point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
