congressman and Democratic candidate for
Senate better or work sir thank you so
much for being on the program tonight I
really appreciate it thanks for having
me let's start with that caravan of
migrants and how the president has
handled this do you think that we should
be closing the border post in the face
of these migrants seeking asylum no we
we have laws that people who are seeking
asylum in this country leaving the most
brutal the most violent places in the
hemisphere in the northern triangle of
Central America can apply under and if
they meet the test of those laws then
they're able to seek shelter in this
country if they don't they are returned
to their country of origin it is as
simple as that and these people are not
trying to evade detection from customs
officers in Border Patrol agents they
are literally turning themselves in
following the laws of our country we are
a country of laws and I think we need to
honor that and this the wealthiest the
most powerful country on the planet
certainly has the capacity to take in
those who legitimately need to seek
asylum who need refuge who need shelter
here because we are comprised of people
the world over who have done that for
more than 230 years that's our best
tradition that's who we are
that makes us stronger more successful
and yes it also makes us safer during
the debate in Congress over funding the
government's and potentially building a
wall on the US border that was something
that that Chuck Schumer talked about in
meetings with President Trump you were
quoted as saying with all due respect to
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer neither
of them understand Texas nor do they
understand the us-mexico border what do
they not know about Texas in this issue
they don't know El Paso one of the
safest of not these safest cities in the
United States of America today safe not
in spite of the fact that we are a city
of immigrants and a quarter of those
that are representing Congress were born
in another in another country and chose
us
we are safe in large part because we are
a city of immigrants that's the
foundation of our security our safety
and our strength so if you want to know
what border security looks like it looks
like a Tulpa it looks like El Paso
treating people with respect and dignity
making sure everyone feels
comfortable working with local law
enforcement reporting crimes serving as
witnesses testifying in trials that's
how we get to border security we don't
need troops on the border we don't need
walls on the border especially when you
have the lowest levels of northbound
apprehensions since 1971 and you're
spending 19 and a half billion dollars
every single year with 20,000 Border
Patrol agents we need to move forward
with the work of comprehensive
immigration reform and strengthening our
communities not building walls or
sending troops down there let's talk
about your own race for the Senate which
has gotten plenty of attention shall we
say in progressive circles there is a
new poll out this past month that shows
you within three points of senator Ted
Cruz do you think that this poll is
accurately capturing the state of your
race right now who knows to be honest
with with polling anymore it's why I
don't have a pollster and we'll never
spend a dime on a poll what I do know is
that it perhaps reflects the potential
in this race the fact that people in
Texas because we don't take any help
from PACs or corporations or special
interests are making something very
special happen for our state and by
extension for this country so everywhere
we are we were just in Sunnyside in
Houston Texas yesterday we were in Zona
and Rock Springs the night before
Santangelo people are coming out and
they're coming out as Democrats and
Republicans and independents and folks
who previously didn't even think about
voting to make sure that this year when
everything that we care about in this
country is on the line that they get off
the sidelines and show up and be part of
doing something so special so powerful
so positive and I am so lucky to be a
part of it so if the poll somehow
reflects that that's great but we're not
going to take it for granted and we've
got six and a half months before
November 6 the day that we decide the
fortune the future the fate of this
state in this great country and we're
gonna do everything within our power to
make sure that we give it everything
that we've got win this and deliver on
the very high expectations that we're
setting here in Texas who do you think
should be the next leader of the
Democratic Party do you think for
example Bernie Sanders should run for
president again I I don't know that
there are a lot of amazing people with
whom I serve even folks who I was
elected with in my same class you've got
somebody like Hakeem Jeffries from New
York or Joaquin Castro or mark VC from
the state of Texas Cheri Bustos from
Illinois Joe Kennedy just one of the
greatest people who's ever served in the
institution these are people I see as
not just great members of Congress but
great leaders for our country so I would
love for us to look to those who are
coming up through the ranks who have so
much to offer who are already doing such
a great job and leading and making sure
that they can do that to their full
potential and give everything that
they've got do you think the democratic
party needs new leadership in Washington
and younger people on the presidential
ticket than many of the names that are
discussed right now well that will
certainly be up to the people in the
states who are going to choose the next
Democratic nominee for president and I
hope it is a wide-open race I hope that
folks like who Leon Castro from Texas
are in that race I hope that we see
folks who maybe have run before folks
that you've never heard of I want this
to be a true competition of ideas and of
service and of the potential that we
hold and the big aspirational ambitious
goals that we have for this country
that's what the Democratic Party should
be about and so let's make sure that
there's many candidates as possible that
we have to choose from I'm looking
forward to being one of those who gets
to listen to the debates finds a great
candidate in that choice and get behind
them very quickly before I let you go I
have to ask you about Tom Steyer who
you've been in a bit of a spat with
lately he is talking about impeaching
the president do you think that his
money aside do you think that talking
now about impeaching the president have
you seen the president commit an
impeachable offense so far here's what I
think we should focus on the integrity
and the independence of the Bob Miller
investigation because we knew we'll need
to allow
him to follow those facts as far as they
go as high up as they reach and then
present them to the members of the House
of Representatives who Democrat and
importantly in a Republican majority
institution Republican alike will have
to make that decision whether or not the
president has committed impeachable
offenses until those facts are presented
and are compelling enough for people to
put country before party I do think the
conversation is premature and I want to
make sure that we protect Bob Muller and
his team's ability to finish this
investigation so that we get true
accountability and justice for this
country congressman Bader will work
thank you so much hope to have you back
as your race unfolds thank you thanks
for having me on
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
