creating something keeping everyone we
were gonna change the panels but no I'm
not making you all stay if you don't
mind but I want to bring in some
additional guests joining us is Danielle
Moody Mills host of woke AAF on Sirius
XM hey I love that name of that show of
Brandon wolf as a survivor of the pulse
nightclub shooting and vice president of
the drew project and Jose Antonio Vargas
who's the founder and CEO of define
American and I have to even think of who
to go first day and let's go - lets go -
Daniel first Daniel because I know that
this whole thing has been very hurtful
to you I mean you well I'm I'm sure it
has well let me just let you talk - yeah
I mean joy I you know I thank you for
you know starting off the show and I'm
doing this panel today and discussing
your past I mean here's the thing what
everyone has to understand is that words
do matter words do matter especially in
this day and age when things can go
viral in an instant where there is no
secrecy about how opinions move through
the world because everything always
comes up so I appreciate the fact that
you are being open about where you were
and where you are at this moment I you
know but I do find it problematic I will
say that we are jumping on you and by we
I mean you know many people in the media
are jumping on you about words that you
used you know used or may have used ten
years ago but yet we allowed the
president to have a complete and total
past on things that are coming out of
his mouth right now right so we want to
have a conversation about somebody who
has been who has been riding for the
resistance who has talked about LGBT
equality who has talked about
immigration and Muslims and all of these
progressive ideas about how to make
America better and been the voice of
that and yet we allow for there to be
conversation about what you said 10
years ago when I want to have
conversations about what the president
tweeted 10 minutes ago that are
derailing the LGBT community that are
setting progress backwards so while I
appreciate your apology I don't you know
I I don't represent the gay community
unfortunately I'm not the queen of it
but there but the reality is that while
we're having conversations about what
may or may not have been said 10 years
ago
we should be having conversations about
what was tweeted ten seconds ago and how
there are bands that are still you know
up at the Supreme Court right now to
keep Muslims out out of America that
there are bands right now to kick
patriotic trans people out of the
military and that's coming from the Oval
Office right now not ten years ago not
ten minutes ago but right now so I think
that we need to get very clear about
what's important at this moment and
words do matter words absolutely matter
and you taking responsibility for those
words that matters but what I want to be
focused on is where we are going forward
with this administration and the words
and the actions and the policies that
are coming out from him and from
Republicans right now not ten years ago
not ten minutes ago but right in this
very moment yeah I think sequence this
thing I thought I might bring down yeah
you know I think it's so important that
we double down on what Danielle said
about the media and how they jumped on
this because they thought there was some
blood in the water and there was gonna
be infighting and everybody was gonna
jump on joy Reed and and bring her down
while that was happening we got a
Secretary of State who believes that
being gay is a sin who couldn't
unequivocally say in front of the
committee when he was questioned whether
LGBTQ rights are human rights we got
judicial nominations and appointments
that are going to move our country back
not just for LGBTQ people but for all
marginalized communities for a
generation the media is not paying
attention the way they need to be and we
have to hold them accountable
absolutely Brandon I want to bring you
in because you survived a massacre that
was not only one of the largest in
American history but also probably the
most deadly Massacre against LGBTQ
people in American history and it's it
was shocking and and yet we talk about
it more in terms of the gun violence and
we do in terms of the violence against
people who are LGBTQ and I know you have
a lot a lot to say so I want to just
give you the floor yeah you know joy
thank you because I think that's the
point right and that's what we need to
focus on I'm super proud of you
obviously for for coming out and saying
the things you did to open the show I'm
really proud of you for kind of
showcasing what evolution looks like in
this country I think about you know just
like the other folks on your panel have
shared
my relationship with my parents and how
that's changed over the years and how
that's really what we've asked people
for we've asked people to evolve we've
said welcome to us if you will you know
if you'll forgive a stigma ins and move
beyond it right we've we've told them
they're welcome into our arms if they do
those things so I'm proud of you and I
appreciate the words that you open the
show with but I just want to cut through
it all and keep it very real with people
about what we're up against we have
homophobic Psychopaths running the
United States government today that's
the reality we have a secretary of state
as was mentioned that believes that gay
people are sinners based on who they are
if mike pence god bless him ended up in
the White House sitting behind that desk
in the Oval Office he would have us all
in concentration camps hoping to pray
away the gay
that's what we're actually up against
you know I've talked about the gay
agenda and when I was growing up people
were terrified of me pushing this gay
agenda listen the gay agenda is to
survive until tomorrow and you asked
LGBT people of color you asked trans
women of color what that's like and
they're not so much concerned about what
joy read might have said 12 years ago on
a blog that is evolved now into really
an alliance with us they're worried
about what's happening right now on
Pennsylvania Avenue and they're
wondering why the media didn't rain down
a firestorm on these people these
homophobic Psychopaths who are D railing
the conversation turning back the clock
on everything we've worked so hard on so
I guess I'm just here today to implore
the viewers to please stay focused stay
focused on what's actually right in
front of us stay focused on what's
actually threatening this community and
that is the the clown car that's in
Washington DC I think that's where we
could have a real impact I want to see
that outrage really channeled where it
belongs and that's in Washington DC well
I appreciate that and you brought that
up a number I want to bring Jose in
because we talk a lot you and I have
these conversations about
intersectionality and how everything
intersects all the time and for people
of color who are also people who are gay
lesbian transgender or bisexual or
questioning
this is all intersecting right at all at
the same time and I want to because
Brandon brought it up hate crimes in the
United States in 2016
1348 reported hate crimes against LGBTQ
people according to the FBI in 2017 52
hate violence related homicides it's up
86 percent from the year before 71
percent of the victims are people of
color and this was the one that really
shocked me I had to just double check
and my producers are geniuses so I know
that they are not never wrong but this
one shocked me 28 transgender and
non-binary people killed last year
84 percent were people of color 8 have
been killed so far just this year so
this is this is real this is this is not
theoretical Jose and the impact actually
on like for example undocumented trans
immigrants right yeah I have to say by
the way I really am appreciating
Danielle and Brandon kind of giving us a
reality check
about what's happening in a white house
in which you know Breitbart Fox News
runs the white house match messaging
when it comes to not only immigrants but
LGBT people right
I mean I'm reminded by this quote from
Toni Morrison who said that oppressive
language this more than represent
violence it is violence it does more
than limits knowledge it limits
knowledge and I think we have to
understand that words have consequences
and I have to say like I think it was
Diego who said that a luxury right that
we're having this conversation that's
really a luxury and I think about having
come out of two closets in my life and
actually my grandmother was more afraid
of the fact that I'm openly gay than I
am being openly undocumented right like
in communities of color homophobia the
internalized homophobia is so deep and
these words you know are organisms that
carry beyond the actual language and
impacts the actions that people take
right now so it's really really
important that we own up to what the
words are and that we hold ourselves
accountable to them and make sure that
it doesn't impact how we actually act
yeah yeah and Daniel can't bring you
back in that because you you and your
wife are both black women I know you
like me have a West Indian background
and it is a little bit different right
that the parsing this out in families in
you know to be honest in our in our
community and it has been yeah it has
and you know and I'll say yet thankfully
my family has always been you know
incredibly supportive and open of myself
and my wife but at the end of the day
yes there is still a lot of work to be
done and I said this back when my wife
Aisha and I were championing marriage
equality is that marriage alone was not
going to be a silver bullet and it
doesn't just change the degradation that
the LGBTQ community faces on a day to
day basis like these these are real
problems and there are real problems
within the LGBT community in terms of
how the LG and the B treat the trans
community right and so these are things
these are issues that need to be
discussed on a day to day basis it is a
practice being a progressive is a
practice like yoga it is something that
you need to stretch and grow and create
space for yourself to evolve and that is
where we are right now and so it is not
a one-and-done like oh now I'm a
progressive but you know years ago I may
have said things that were troubling and
homophobic it's it is a practice and we
can't lose sight of that and it lose
sight of the fact that it is important
it is important to continue to challenge
ourselves to grow it's important to
continue to challenge ourselves to be
better than we were yesterday
that's the goal that at least that is my
goal as a human being is to be better
today than I was yesterday and to keep
that moving along and to challenge as
many people as possible in the process
to do the same if you were getting 40%
of our homeless youth or LGBTQ kids it
takes me that luxury space I mean I grew
up in Augusta Georgia talking about
South South and I just heard your accent
for the first time by the way Georgia
well it's
and it was a hard home because it's not
about I know people think we have you
know all these different shades of
humans it's white or not white and
that's what it is in the south whatever
people say it's you're white or you're
not white and the point of all of these
kids looking like a lot of you know fans
everywhere you have fans everywhere who
are looking for tomorrow like I did when
I was five years old and told my parents
I was born wrong and I thought I was
gonna get a whippin in my lifetime
because back in the day you know
corporal punishment was was the thing
but I got love before there was a people
like I got family love my mom brought me
a magazine when I told her I was born
wrong that Christine Jorgensen on the
cover and she had saved the day that I
would tell her I'm just saying that
while we have these conversations it's
really about not issues but humans it's
about people
people being able to see tomorrow with
more Hope than they had yesterday and
it's things that you brought to the
table that we all have and we will
always do because we were people who are
marginalized and still are I mean my
joke is always that I can't go to a CVS
or any of the store and be lonely
because there's always someone with me
you know I
they don't let me be lonely in a store
so and I'm 61 years old so it's been a
while and that's the really important
thing is that people be able to know
that there's hope you know that there's
joy in their future in every way yeah
and that's what matters that people can
get to tomorrow with a feeling that they
can live through it with vision
with clarity with love and with hope
absolutely and with partners I want to I
want to reinforce this idea that
progress isn't just a train moving
forward we can move backward if we don't
stay together and keep keep our eye on
the ball
glad does a study every year called
accelerating acceptance which measures
measures Americans comfortability with
the LGBTQ community and for the first
time ever this year since we started at
five years ago the numbers rolled back
policy hasn't rolled back but this
conversation is rolling back because
people in Washington DC are leading a
conversation that is marginalizing
people and it and and it can cause
hearts and minds to move backward and so
if we don't stay steadfast with one
another and with our allies we can this
this can turn around it's not inevitable
until it's inevitable yeah yeah you know
it just occurred to me as Diego was
speaking that this conversation is
coming during a week when probably one
of the most extraordinary memorials and
museums have opened in America in a very
long time the Legacy Museum and the
national memorial for peace and justice
in Montgomery Alabama where for the
first time the nation has to confront be
accountable for and responsible for
lynchings in the United States and both
those instant both those institutions in
Montgomery show that there's a line from
slavery to lynchings to segregation to
mass incarceration what the what that
museum and what that memorial does is
forces us to look ourselves in the
mirror as a nation who were we back then
when thousands of people would gather
around and watch another human being be
murdered and not just Lynch meaning
hanged but then after the after the body
was hanged degraded in innumerable
discussing ways shot dragged drowned you
know happens you name it and it still
happens this museum and the memorial is
about showing where we've been and
showing where we are
this conversation that we're having now
about the LGBTQ community where we've
been in terms of policy and language and
where we are now in terms of policy and
language we have to hold ourselves
accountable we have to hold we have to
be responsible for for who we are I
think Danielle hit the nail on the head
when she said we have to chew every day
we have to be better than we were the
day before amen all the people who are
demanding that of you should look in the
mirror and demand that of themselves
yeah and I have to demand that of myself
you know we're we are we are we are
adults we have to teach the next
generation how to behave by behaving
better ourselves and being better people
teach ourselves to leave the room yeah
rested well absolutely thank you all so
much I appreciate having this
conversation and you guys devoting the
time to come here and do this today
jonathan is gonna be back Diego Sanchez
Thank You chase strategy oh thank you
Zeek Stokes Thank You Sara Scanlon
Danielle Moody Mills Brandon wolf Jose
Antonio Vargas bless you guys thank you
guys so much for being here we'll have
more am door after the break hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
