tonight we're learning some stunning new
details about that infamous Trump Tower
meeting held during the presidential
campaign it's thanks to the report that
you just saw from NBC's Richard Engel
remember that meeting at Trump Tower in
New York in June 6 2016 brought together
top officials from the Trump campaign
Donald Trump jr. Paul Manafort and Jared
Kushner and a series of Russians and
Russian associates now NBC News is
reporting that a key figure from that
meeting Russian lawyer Natalia vessel
Mnet's kaya has a closer relationship
with a top Russian official than
previously known emails obtained by NBC
News from a Russian exile suggest that
Natasha and Natalya vessel Nets kaya has
been connected to the prosecutor general
of Russia since at least 2014 when she
worked with him to thwart a civil fraud
case against a Russian firm in November
of 2017 vessel Disgaea told the Senate
Judiciary Committee quote I operate
independently of any governmental bodies
but once NBC's Richard Engel confronts
vessel in sky with the emails here's how
she described herself this more Givi she
is mica brushing at the boulevard know
is my ex proud what are you afraid of
what you can't add this back-and-forth
dialogue I'm trying to find out in this
case whether you were cooperating or
colluding with the Russian state which
raises questions about your background
particularly in life that you were in in
the Trump Tower with the wig that's what
this is all about is because of leiana's
away
with the most senior people who are now
in our government yeah that he showed us
he shot me a socialist should have known
Kakui was privy to it go even upon yet
you said your relationship with the
prosecutor general is what yeah he knows
I've got them yeah even those in front
of them some important context here in
messages exchanged with Donald Trump jr.
before the Trump Tower meeting the
alleged dirt that was promised to the
Trump campaign was said to come from the
Kremlin's top prosecutor those explosive
new details of Natalya vessel Nets
kaya's Kremlin ties broke just as House
Intelligence Committee Republicans
released a redacted version of their
final report from a year-long probe into
Russia's interference and influenced
operation the report accuses the
intelligence community of significant
intelligence tradecraft failings
it says investigators found quote no
evidence that the Trump campaign
colluded coordinated or conspired with
the Russian government end quote
even as the report details contact
between Trump campaign officials and
Russians like MS vessel Nats kaya today
President Trump celebrated the report's
findings yeah we were honored there was
a great report no collusion which I knew
anyway no coordination no nothing it's a
witch hunt that's all it is there was no
collusion with Russia is it very honored
by the report it was totally conclusive
strong powerful not so clear that it was
all that conclusive just less than an
hour ago President Trump tweeted this
house intelligence committee rules that
there was no collusion between the Trump
campaign and Russia as I've been saying
all along it's all a big hoax by the
Democrats based on payments and lies
there should never have been a special
council appointed witch-hunt Democrats
on the House Intelligence Committee
released their own findings the group
says of Republican members quote they
have engaged in a systematic effort to
muddy the waters and to deflect
attention away from the president most
recklessly in their assault on the
central pillars
of the rule of law House Democrats
detail several leads that they say were
not investigated for instance two days
before the Trump Tower meeting Donald
Trump jr. reportedly had two calls with
Amin Aguilera of the son of a Russian
oligarch who was arranging logistics for
the meeting now according to Democrats
quote Donald Trump Jr's phone records
also show a blocked number at 4:20 7:00
p.m.
between the two calls Trump jr. claimed
he did not know who was associated with
the blocked number the report notes
former Trump campaign manager Corey
Lewandowski told the committee that mr.
Trump's primary primary residence has a
blocked phone line Democrats appear to
suggest that then candidate Trump may
have been in touch with his son at the
time he was planning the meetings with
the Russians but Democrats say quote
despite the minority's repeated efforts
to obtain home or cell phone records for
then Crandon a candidate Trump to
determine whether the block call was
Trump juniors father the majority was
unwilling to pursue the matter joining
us now are Michael Isikoff chief
investigative correspondent for Yahoo
News and co-author of the new book
Russian roulette the inside story of
Putin's war on America and the election
of Donald Trump Natasha Bertrand is a
staff writer at the Atlantic and an NBC
News and MSNBC contributor and Stephen
Harper attorney professor at
Northwestern University and creator of
the Trump Russia timeline at
billmoyers.com welcome to all of you
thank you for being with us Steven let
me start with you as it relates to the
timeline because this is something
you're a bit of an expert at the the
Democrats on the House Intelligence
Committee actually made some news what
we expected from the Republicans is what
we got but the Democrats said there were
lines of inquiry they wanted to follow
and they were just denied the
opportunity to do so so when Donald
Trump tweets or talks about the
conclusive outcome of the report
Democrats are saying not true well
they're absolutely right it's it's
actually it's a it's silly to suggest
that it is and and if you want to talk
about it in a in a real in a sense that
gives it some context
all you really really need to know about
that report is that Devan Nunez runs
that committee
Devon Nunez was on the Trump transition
team and at least back in December of
2016 when Mike Flynn was talking to the
Russians about which he's since pled
guilty to lying to Special Counsel more
about it
Nunez said that he was in daily contact
sometimes more frequently than daily
with Mike Flynn so the the the the the
Democratic response is correct all you
have to do is go through the litany of
things that didn't happen in that
committee you know Don jr. shows up an
exert in asserts executive privilege as
to conversations between him and his dad
neither of them as a lawyer but I guess
because they thought a lawyer was in the
room that somehow entitled him to claim
a tourney client privilege I'm sorry I
said it's it's absurd
yeah and you know people like hope Hicks
and others come in and and say well
we're only gonna answer these questions
or I'm not going to answer this question
and no but I'm not going to assert any
privileges and it's a farce Corey
Lewandowski others Michael you tweeted
today about the House Intelligence
report WikiLeaks released DNC emails on
July 22nd 2016 per house Intel report
one week earlier on July 15th Flynn
wrote an email saying there are a number
of things happening and will happen this
election via cyber operations by both
hacktivists nation-states and the DNC
this is June 15 2016 that famous
July 15 2016 the famous White House
meeting was June 2016 yeah I thought
that was a stunning email that was sort
of buried in the report almost no
context but here it is here's Michael
Flynn a week before the WikiLeaks
releases the DNC emails on the eve of
the Democratic convention he's writing
that email to a communications adviser
to the Trump campaign the identity is
blacked out in the report saying there
are things that will happen relating to
cyber activities involving nations
States and the DNC now you know that
raises so many questions as to whether
Michael Flynn had some four knowledge of
what WikiLeaks was about to do and you
put that together with another nugget in
the report that hasn't gotten a lot of
attention but that Michael Flynn in
December 2015 before he flies over to
Moscow to attend the tenth anniversary
celebration of our tea the Russian
government propaganda station and ends
up sitting next to Vladimir Putin at the
celebratory dinner that night and was
paid forty five thousand dollars by the
Russian government for this trip he and
his son meet with Ambassador kis lyac
kis Lee acts private residence as a
precursor to the trip that is a meeting
we didn't know about before so even
though the report clearly shows that the
House Republicans didn't follow up on so
many leads so many avenues of inquiry
and basically accepted what all the
Trump folks had to say at every turn you
know there are some nuggets in this
report that do raise some new questions
there are nuggets when Natasha when Adam
Schiff on the house Intel committee
Democrat a lawyer was on with Katy tur
today she sort of asked him do you think
it was a wasted effort since all of
these lines of inquiry that you wanted
to pursue were not pursued this is what
shift told Katie which caught my
attention sandwiched between two calls
to a mean-girl RF is a third call to a
blocked number now the president then
candidate Trump had a blocked number
and we sought to find out was this the
president's son calling Donald Trump but
to find out whether he should go forward
with this meeting with the Russians the
Republicans refused to find out they
wouldn't allow us seek the phone records
time after time when they were very
important investigator leads the
Republicans said we don't want to know
was that much of a coded message or he's
basically saying
Muller you probably already have this
information but the bottom line is
Robert Muller can get those phone
records Robert Muller can get anything
that the Democrats couldn't get out of
the Republicans on this committee so if
there are lines of inquiry as Michael
Isikoff referred to or as Adam Schiff
referred to
they'll all be they'll all be explored
right Bob Muller will likely already
have them and we'll be picking them up
where the house Intel committee left off
and that was always going to be the case
right the house Intel committee really
has been tainted since March of 2017
when Devon Nunez made that midnight ride
to the White House and really showed
that he was compromised in a fundamental
way I think that it's really interesting
though that they found out that there
was this call sandwiched between two
phone calls to M&O Galera
from this blocked number of course we
now know that Donald Trump's residence
does call from a blocked number and it
really raises questions about well did
the president know that this meeting was
going to take place what do we know
about the June 9th Trump Tower meeting
we know that Trump himself was in Trump
Tower when that happened he was a floor
above he knows the Algol Arabs really
well it would have been very very
surprising if he had not been informed
about this meeting at all I mean his
campaign manager was there his
son-in-law was there his son was there
so this adds further you know
corroboration to the idea that he was
told about it prior to that meeting and
whether or not the Republicans or the
Democrats on the house until committee
were ever able to get to the bottom of
that you can be sure that Robert Miller
well Stephen what's your sense of
whether or not it's a wasted effort
that the Republicans didn't do this we
know for instance from the the Senate
Intel committee but they're nowhere
close to having their work done they
still feel there's a lot of stones to
uncover more people to interview more
documents to look at we all know Tasha's
point we all knew from the beginning
this house Intel committee was not going
to work out to give us a whole lot of
information what's your sense of what
we're still to here my concern your ally
ally is that it's even it's even worse
than a wasted effort because it now
becomes simply another PR piece and you
can tell you read the tweet that Trump
already issued an hour ago the Trump
will continue to use and his defenders
will continue to use to fundamentally
confuse a very very complex situation
you know one of the things that I
think we lose in in digging and deeply
in this stuff which we have to do of
course is the thread and you know we
forget that you know two years ago in
the middle of the campaign all we were
hearing from Trump was no contacts with
Russians no contacts with Russians no
contacts with Russians well guess what
CNN reported you know as of the end of
November there were over 50 contacts
between the Trump campaign in transition
in Russia involving 12 different Trump
people up and down all the way to the
very top the very top of that campaign
well that's now it's not no context it's
no collusion which isn't even the right
concept we should be talking about
conspiracy against the United States and
then we get things like Trump Jr's a
message saying oh emails dirt on Clinton
I love it well yeah so we got to give
that one up too so I mean we were so far
down from where we originally were it's
you lose the threat I'm afraid Michael
Isikoff your new book with david korn is
a fantastic read you've been on this
story for a long time
remember when we first found out about
that June 9th meeting and Natalya vessel
Nets Kyah had suggested that she was
acting it was about adoptions which was
sort of a perverted way of talking about
the Magnitsky act but it was
unbelievable it was inconceivable let's
just remind people of who she is
this is the conversation a little more
of the conversation she had with Richard
Engel how did you get picked to resume
you work representing the FSB at all
Yana paternal in Syria phrase bare
breasted or in serious risk of which I
see a cat or a mere twitch in Italian
and Russian as well so to be clear you
were working for a military unit that
has ties to the FSB anyways cuz I
totally sure I mean it's kind of
incredible Michael she went from saying
it was about adoptions then there was
some discussion that she was tied to
prosecutors in Russia now she says she's
part of a military unit I was speaking
to Bill Browder earlier today who said
give it a few more weeks and she'll come
out and say that she was a Russian agent
she was a spy because that's the road
this seems to be going down sure look
this is the far from the first
piece of evidence we have about just how
close she was to the Russian government
and to the FSB
in fact in Russian roulette we quote a
Russian human rights activist who told
us how he he was threatened by
threatened by her telling him that she
he would go to jail because she was
working with the FSB and she was
pressuring him over a business deal that
was that was adverse to her clients
interest she said she was working with
the FSB and she would have the human
rights activist put in jail if he if he
didn't back off the human rights
activist then fled the country and was
granted political asylum by the Obama
administration but I should just say
there is so much when you read the
report that is missing and we have
details in Russian roulette
that are completely absent from this
report talking about the context of the
run for the Trump Tower meeting look in
January 2015
Trump himself met at Trump Tower with
Emin Aguilera and Robin Old Stone the
two key players who set up the later
Trump Tower meeting you'll find no
reference to that in this house
intelligence report kind of remorse
released today yeah kind of remarkable
you would have hoped that this report
would have at least got us a little bit
further in understanding that at least
members of Congress are taking their
responsibilities seriously but certainly
half of that committee didn't Michael
Isikoff Natasha Bertrand and Steven
Harbor thought Harper or thanks very
much for joining me hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
