both Democrats and Republicans are
eyeing California as ground zero for the
battle over the house where a handful of
potential swing districts could help
flip the political script in that
chamber our own Jacob Soboroff went to
one of those districts to find out what
matters to California voters we made our
way to Westminster home to Little Saigon
and a lot of people say having grown up
in Southern California there are no real
community gathering places around here
but I will tell you where people gather
and it is at the car wash
Wow you see if any these guys will chat
I'm here because there's a big election
coming up in November for Congress are
you guys thinking about voting
what's life like in
Westminster Huntington Beach terrific
live in California nice down here huh
a lot of people say this is a
conservative area and the Democrats
gonna try to flip it good luck you don't
think it's going to happen nope gonna
keep of up a what are the issues that
are gonna be most important to you that
you're gonna vote on the racial issues
at play so that's a big thing especially
now with Trump in are you a voter do you
vote here
you're not a citizen yet
working on it you think they'll flip
nothing roll like this out
you think ease out are you planning out
voting I know you're not no not at all
not at all you're laughing so you were
nice I've actually never voted so in
your life yeah how come it's not my
thing if I just vote it you know like it
would just just be like a scantron you
know this a B C D you know you just fill
in the bubbles exact cuts what I did on
tests in high school yeah I would care
if I knew more about it but I just don't
have the time what do you do real estate
real estate yeah has anybody ever said
to you there's so much on the line the
Supreme Court all kinds of things if you
don't know anything how do you both sit
down
research I just don't have the time
does Washington DC and what happens
there feel relevant to your life here
not in my world
Jacob Soboroff joins me right here at
UCLA so Jacob you were in Orange County
and I guess the question is is the
orange curtain as its called
gonna fall in Orange County the real
question is how did you get a marching
band to come out for you because no
marching band has ever come out for me
in my entire life my middle name is bear
and there's a bear but it's true the
answer is I don't know and I don't think
anybody knows the what goes into a blue
wave is really the question right and
Democrats are hoping the disaffected
Republican voters people that voted for
Hillary Clinton like Steve Kornacki was
telling you earlier in the hour over
Donald Trump but maybe for a Republican
congressional candidate last time around
would switch or maybe the increasing
population of voters of color in this
contact in this state would come out or
that women would come out in force after
the events of last week but the answer
is as you can see at the car wash right
on the fringe of the 14th district right
there
we don't know hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
