Democrats and Republicans in the house
are outraged after Paul Ryan's
unexplained dismissal of the chaplain of
the House
148 members today sent a letter
requesting information about the forced
resignation of Reverend Patrick J Conroy
the first rousting of the House chaplain
in congressional history Ryan's office
won't say on the record why Conroy was
effectively fired the chaplain pointed
to a prayer he gave in the House floor
during the debate over the GOP tax cuts
as legislation on taxes continues to be
debated this weekend next May all
members be mindful that the institutions
and structures of our great nation
guarantee the opportunities that have
allowed some to achieve great success
while others continue to struggle
may their efforts these days guarantee
that there are not winners and losers
under new tax laws but benefits balanced
and shared by all Americans Conroy tell
the New York Times that after that
prayer a Paul Ryan staffer came down and
said we were upset with this prayer you
were getting too political and that Ryan
himself sent then told him Padre you
just got to stay out of politics
joining me now charlie pierce writer
at-large Esquire and Christina Greer a
fellow at NYU's Mick silver Institute
for poverty policy and research Charlie
already shaking your head why I just
don't think there's anything more Paul
Ryan can screw up in this job you firing
the chaplain this is unprecedented to me
I mean I go back by the way in in event
of episodes like this I go back to WWJD
what would Jerry do mr. Madison didn't
even want congressional chaplains I'm
starting to think he had a pretty good
idea there is a question about like what
exactly is a congressional chaplain for
but let me let me let me give the
devil's advocate argument here and
Jonathan Chait made that made this case
today and I thought it was fairly
persuasive which is you know it should
be a non partisan position that does
seem like a pretty clear kind of like
needling and if you think that the PALS
chaplain is using his position to kind
of like subtly you know or raid against
her legislative priorities like I can
understand being angered by that are you
asking me this
yes I think it's the silliest thing I've
ever heard the guy is a priest he's
there to pray he's drawing his he's
drawing his prayer as near as I can tell
strictly from the Gospels if you know
there's an old saying among we former
ultimately former altar boys if a sermon
makes you uncomfortable figure out why
it makes you uncomfortable don't blame
the person delivering the sermon there's
there's been a lot of bipartisan sort of
angst over this here's what Peter King
had to say Republican from New York on
the chaplain take a listen I've seen no
evidence why she be removed and it's
such an unprecedented action to me it
would only be taken if they're very very
serious issues and the speaker said it
was just because certain people felt he
was not complying with their requests it
was not giving good counseling I never
heard that for anyone anyone I know who
feels when there's the highest regard
for him so a few things one I mean
aren't we exhausted I mean it's just I
know there's so much going on but now
I'm just like I just want to know I
literally just want to know the reason
just come out and tell me the reason we
know that this entire administration
just lies so we're not gonna get this is
a different place I mean this is Paul
Ryan's domain yeah and these are the
same sycophants that have been
co-signing Trump's agenda for 16 months
but as someone who has attended Jesuit
institutions and Catholic institutions
someone who is a faculty member at a
Jesuit institution in New York City at
Fordham University we also know that the
Jesuits are the social justice wing
essentially of the Catholic Church print
I don't see what's wrong with this
sermon considering the Republicans when
they were trying to sell us this tax
bill said that this was something that
would help all Americans so now his
sermon which I would say mimics some of
what the Republicans were trying to sell
to the American public you're now saying
is too political I just want to be clear
here that the the official this this is
I want to read the Ryan Office statement
because I want to give them their due
here they are saying the speaker made
the decision he believes to be in the
best interest of the house and he
remains grateful for father Conroy as
many years of service that's on the
record officials in that in that office
will say this had nothing to do with the
prayer this is this is all getting blown
out of
out of proportion we also have to look
at sort of the the Republicans who are
following up saying well you know maybe
we need to find someone who is a
religious person but has a wife which is
very interesting so that means you will
not be looking at women for the most
part it will be a heteronormative male
that you were you know it's like someone
who has kids who understands the job and
also why do we just have you know a
Christian chaplain I've been a part of
many universities where they'll have a
Buddhist chaplain daughter Catholic
chaplains all the Christian a Muslim and
all the different faiths and sometimes
they'll have up to 12 to 20 yeah very
chaplains office and universally but I
mean what's what's really frustrating is
that Paul Ryan you can never get his
life straight but this one is when you
sold that tax bill to the American
public or you know sort of pitched it
and before they voted it was ostensibly
to make everything equitable right no
winners mostly right no winners and no
losers right and especially the
downtrodden so that's essentially what
the chaplain was saying and now it's too
political if it's true that they bi if
it's true there is something revealing
if it's true in fact that what the
father says which is that the you know
that they came to him after that prayer
prayer you mentioned the comments of
representative mark Walker he is helping
lead the search for the next chaplain
he's the co-chair of the prayer caucus
and Charlie I would like you to respond
to what he says he's looking for in his
next chaplain take a listen
he says I'll read it for you I'm looking
for somebody who has a little age that
has adult children that can't kind of
can connect with the bulk of the body
here Republicans and Democrats who are
going through back home the wife the
family well first of all that leaves
Jesus out just to name one but I mean
this is the son this sounds like the
Republicans want to have a primary for
the next chaplain it really does that's
not that sounds like something no you
know you know the the next chaplain is a
good fit' a good a good family man and
here he is you know playing with his
grandchildren and you know standing in
front of the flag at the Little League
game well I'm telling you I'm starting
to get more mom starting to move more
and more towards James Madison's
position no chaplains at all when you
pray please close the win
those indoors and go pray in your office
yeah well I think they're mimicking also
what we've seen from this administration
when we look at all the various nominees
the vast majority are heterosexual white
men which we should be clear as I as far
as I know the case with the fire
chaplain he's setting it up so that he's
not even opening a window to wrathful
diversity right right and and I do think
that it's it's moving obviously in a
Protestant direction not a Catholic
direction so I mean I think if we knew
the reason why the chaplain was
dismissed beyond you know some members
of the body felt so uncomfortable well
which ones I mean I thought that this
was a democracy
are there certain complaints is there
something we should know should there be
a committee that looks at yeah what
these sort of uncomfortable situations
that members supposedly had like
Democrats are Republican in sufficient
pastoral care yeah apparently Charlie
Pierce and Christina Greer thank you
both for being with me hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
