the key russian at the infamous trump
tower campaign meeting offering dirt on
clinton let me tell you why this matters
this person is now and this is really
arguably for the first time in public
reports linked directly to the kremlin
NB c-- news
richard engel reporting that miss Belson
and skya does work for the kremlin now
that is big because you may recall she
told the US senate and this was public
that she was independent of any
government bodies in russia and that she
had denied any relationship with yuri
tiger the very prosecutor who was
considered a key source of potential
incriminated material on putin foes but
pressed on the new evidence by angle
she's now admitting to more the only
reason i'm asking these questions is
because we began as a way of the contact
you had with the most senior people who
are now in our government yeah okay sure
you mean so soon we should have warned
Cucuy
loss producers you could or even
napoleon you said your relationship with
the prosecutor general is what he knows
about them yeah even though it's in
front of our table
listen Richard as the saying goes there
he is Richard Engel is live on the beat
tonight at the top of our show discuss
this big interview but here's part of
how mister angle my colleague broke this
story obtaining new evidence from a
Russian exile and Putin fo Makai El
Corte Kowski Putin jailed him after he
spoke out he was in prison for about ten
years he lives abroad and he told the
beat in October that the prosecutor
named in this story mister Chaka tends
to get permission from Putin before
making big moves I wouldn't find it at
all unusual if mr. Jacob whom the people
of Russia have accused of corruption
used an attorney he knew to propose some
kind of deal the future influential
persons in America if Thomas toy because
he would want to make himself useful to
Vladimir Putin were he to decide to take
such a step he would get permission from
Vladimir Putin beforehand a lot of this
is coming together in public now that is
all about the Russians involvement in
the Trump Tower meeting their side of
the ledger today where
so seeing what Donald Trump jr. the one
of the key hosts he put it all together
after those emails what he told
investigators about it because he's
saying the very first topic that vessel
nets kya raised was Hillary Clinton's
donors which indicates that she knew the
purpose of the meeting that is to say
where it started was our offering this
derogatory information about Clinton
so yes the meeting was about dirt on
Hillary Clinton and yes now we know the
Russians had a link to Putin who was
kicking off the conversation you know
the learning curve about what really
happened here may not be that steep
after all it's the first time we've ever
done any of this this is you know I'm
still way in the learning curve on all
of this yeah but so you want to hear the
information I mean that's what we do in
business if there's information out
there you want it and then you make what
you do with it
I was Don jr. explaining his role in the
meeting and let's be clear campaigns do
want information but information in
someone else's office you can't just
steal it that's a crime
ask Richard Nixon information offered by
a lawyer for the Kremlin well you can't
take a thing of value from a foreigner
in a campaign that's a crime so these
new leads tonight are shedding even more
light on that FBI raid appalled man
affords home where as has been reported
they were seeking evidence on yes the
meeting at Trump Tower now I turn to the
reporter of the hour Richard Engel NBC's
chief foreign correspondent David
Rothkopf who worked in the Clinton
administration as a foreign policy
expert and former federal prosecutor
Karen Leffler welcome all Richard your
story involves one Putin foam if Al
Queda Cove ski who we just showed
because it is part of his organization
that got some of this evidence you
obviously went about your corroboration
independently walk us through how you
got this and what it means so it's it's
a little bit complicated but as you said
when you look at it in the in the bigger
scheme of things it's actually not that
complicated and the pieces are coming
together a little bit like a mosaic and
if you just look at one little spot you
don't see it but if you take all the
pieces together you do start to see a
pattern so there was this meeting at
Trump Tower right in a critical
portion in the campaign President Trump
was then the presumptive nominee so he
was moving up in the world and there was
a lot of setup going on who was gonna
set up this meeting what was it going to
be about who was gonna be there and
there were emails going back and forth
which have become public now in which
have become a great focus not only in
the press but also of the of the Muller
investigation and according to these
communications in the set up to the
meeting
the Trump campaign inner circle thought
they were gonna have this meeting with
vessel net skaia who was described to
them as a government lawyer who was
gonna provide some sort of dirt on
Hillary Clinton and then Donald Trump
jr. infamously said if it is what what
you say I love it the meeting takes
place and we don't know exactly what was
said in the meeting but we know that
they talked about some sort of dirt that
the the Russians had where they thought
they had on Hillary Clinton and it was
talking about old financial transactions
and apparently Donald Trump jr. and the
others didn't find it that interesting
and later tweeted that it was a waste of
time
Jared Kushner tried to get out of the
meeting apparently asking his assistant
to make it make a call so it wasn't
exactly the kind of compromising
material they were looking for now CIA
officers retired CIA officers and others
we spoke to say that the most important
thing is that this meeting took place at
all and that Veselin it's kiya who's
connected to senior government officials
which she is now saying she says she
still said she didn't work for the
Kremlin doesn't work for the Kremlin but
she certainly has this role that she
described as it an informant what
exactly that means is is something she
had to set forth not exactly clear what
that is but it's clearly unconnected and
then let me know Richard let me let me
tell you that it's a great degree of
influence Richard let me take some of
what you're saying which is you're
laying so much out let me put it to
Karen our former federal prosecutor and
say does anything in here enter into
what prosecutors are looking at since we
know they were at least searching for
information about the meeting well yes I
think it does but I think what
and and thank you Richard for your hard
work but the connection that the fact
that the Russians would use somebody to
try to reach out to the Trump campaign
and to the close Trump confidence and I
think they had already figured out that
this group was to say the least
ethically challenged and while they were
using the other parallel lines of social
media and everything else is you know
it's a connection it's like we can reach
these people they will meet with us they
will meet with Russians because they are
trying to use whatever avenues they can
to win the campaign and whether it was
successful and whether they provided the
information the fact that you would have
the meeting to try to gather the
information is significant and all of
this is coming out some of these
independent news reports on a day when
the House Republicans have put out
something more akin to a bit of a
defense brief in their report on the
Republican side and so David Rothkopf
let me read to you they say and a
finding Donald Trump jr. Kushner mana
Ford did attend this meeting at Trump
Tower they did expect to receive but did
not ultimately obtain derogatory
information on candidate Clinton from
Russian sources what do you make of that
defense which is we might have wanted to
do something unethical and potentially
illegal but we couldn't pull it off well
first of all we don't know that they
didn't pull it off don't we have all the
evidence that they did pull it off they
may not have received the information at
this meeting but of course information
did come from the Russians later via
WikiLeaks and others that was damaging
did come at a damaging point in the
campaign and we also see a pattern of
meetings with Russians the george
papadapolis meeting this meeting
conversations mana fort had carter page
other people throughout the campaign so
I wouldn't look at this meeting as the
entirety of this whole thing the other
thing about what happened with the House
Republicans in this whitewashed report
by Devin Nunez who's essentially the PR
guy for the White House in this is that
they said Donald Trump jr. and mana Ford
showed bad judgment now I think that's
the understatement of the year
you look at Richard angles interview
with this woman
no it doesn't take you don't have to
watch a whole season of homeland to
think oh maybe this woman's connected to
the Russians in not a very good way she
is representing that she has information
and will give you the help of the
Russian government in order to achieve
something that the Russian government
seeks that's not bad judgment that's
seeking the help of an enemy of the
United States mm-hmm to win a political
campaign let me go to Karen and then
back to Richard Karen when you look at
it that way and I'm gonna read again
from a quote from from Richard's big
interview here where she says I'm a
lawyer I'm an informant since 2013 I've
been actively communicating with the
office of the Russian prosecutor general
when you look at that statement that
firms up her links if they didn't get
information at this meeting could this
meetings still be used to show the kind
of criminal intent necessary for other
potential crimes during 2016 well yes it
could because it certainly looks like an
attempt and an interest in an intent to
try to connect up and with Russian
sources which is not allowed but you
know you have to connect it everything
it turns on intent in any of these cases
and you have to connect it with all of
the other connections as was just
pointed out you know all of the efforts
from the campaign and all of the
connections between the campaign and the
Russians I mean it's not to walk into
this meeting and say I'm shocked to
discover that this woman had connections
to the Russian hierarchy is you know
beyond willful blindness to stupidity
that's a little bit hard to imagine
Karen I feel like your nation I feel
like you're on the verge of a Casablanca
reference I was just about to say that I
was thinking very much of I'm shocked
shocked to discover that there's
gambling in this institution and we're
thinking of the same thing and that's
where the believability level goes to me
hmm
Richard what else is important here from
this complex story you've been unpacking
so there are two elements here one she'd
said for the first time that she has
this role as an informant which is
something clearly more than she said
before in the past
that she has no connection with the
prosecutor no special connection and the
other is all of these emails that that
we were leaked out that we confronted
her with that she says were hacked we've
reached out to the Russian government
we've gotten no official response I
think it's important to say that but
these emails show communication back and
forth with the prosecutor general with
an official of the prosecutor general's
office
apparently exchanging copies of a
document back and forth putting edits
together trying to get on the same page
to formulate an official Russian
response to a request by the US Justice
Department for a legal case for one of
her clients what's important here is
also not the specifics about that case
it's the contact that she had the
ability to reach out to an official in
the prosecutor's office in Russia and
coordinate a an official Russian
government response to a request by the
US Justice Department that also suggests
that she is not just an average lawyer
who represents private clients but
someone whose degree of influence within
and over the Russian state is greater
than that fascinating on the American
front here David Rothkopf the other
things that were in the House GOP report
were interesting for other reasons is
that that's what I can put it let me
explain will start with Kelly and
Conway's odd-odd statement earlier this
year so calling every person and go
ahead and run a lie-detector on why
don't they do that well they may and
they may they may not there are many
different ways to discover it leaking
many ways discover who's leaking this of
course is one of those Trump versus
Trump issues because a lot of the leaks
by definition are from very top people
in very small rooms in the Trump White
House I'm reading to you now from a real
document the House Republican report
today which says the Trump executive
branch should consider instituting
mandatory polygraphs for non confirmed
political appointees that have
top-secret clearances a sort of a
lie-detector test for
liek plugging what do you think that's
not gonna happen and the the you know
the leaker in chief is gonna be caught
up in this he confirmed does he get a
polygraph well we don't know you know
but III suspicions is that he doesn't
but what's interesting to me though when
you get to him is that the minority also
submitted a report alongside this and
one of the things that the minority
focused on where they offered some new
information was where was Trump when
this meeting was happening and Trump was
in the building Trump was a floor above
this meeting and Donald Trump jr. called
Trump and or call it called a one of a
Russian oligarch that they had contact
with and then got off that call called a
blocked number and then went back and
called this Russian oligarch and Adam
Schiff and others have earlier today
pointed out that they wanted to know who
the block number was because Donald
Trump had a blocked number and did he
they call and was he connected to this
and in fact it seems like that would
have been something a real investigation
will go look at but the Republicans
they're not interested we're not gonna
look at that we're not interested in who
he called in the middle of this but
clearly there's a number of things afoot
now that suggests that not only did this
meeting with this spy take place and did
they know what they were doing but that
the President of the United States may
have actually been involved right and we
can't go quite that far because a lot of
people have blocked numbers to be honest
no no it's absolutely true but you're
more speaking to the fact that the
process wasn't oh let's figure that out
but more like oh we'll just leave that
but some people take a lot except we're
not interested yeah it's a funny it's a
funny process hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
