Nunez who has served as president
Trump's congressional tody poison the
bipartisan nature of the committee back
in March of 2016 when he took his
midnight run down to the White House to
gather evidence that the president was
in fact swept up in foreign surveillance
anyway information which he
characterized himself meanwhile the
Senate Intelligence Committee continues
its bipartisan investigation with no end
in sight more I'm John buy us common
Joaquin Castro Texas he's a Democrat and
remember the house permanent Committee
on Intelligence also Eli Stiles MSNBC
political analyst first of all
congressman how do you characterize I
mean there's some good members of the
committee on the Republican side why are
they going along with the toady ism of
saying Trump this investigation is over
when we got all this new information
coming in about Moscow connections guys
like la beyond oh he's leaving why is he
doing this yeah why's Peter King doing
this he's independent de toady's you
make a great point Chris that personally
there are a lot of good people on there
on the other side of the aisle who are
Republicans serious legislators but I
think that it's more comfortable for
them to basically protect the president
because this investigation was like a
kindergarten investigation it was a
light once-over where witnesses were
brought in they gave us their version of
events the committee refused to issue
any subpoenas to verify anything they
told us at all and then they said okay
great guys we're all done wrote the
report and here we are but when you look
over to your Republican colleagues and
you're all at one level politicians and
you know how you have to get reelected
and all that when you look at that they
just do they just giggle when I'm
showing them by the way I want everybody
to pay attention that some of these guys
are and women are in tough races and
they should be these are all the Tonys
the cover-up artists it's embarrassing
and they come from New Jersey in New
York they're not often this deep that
red part of the country there's no
excuse for this kind of behavior and
they're saying case closed
yeah what do you think of the argument
case closed just that what do you make
of it they don't need any more
information about a Russian connect it's
over well it's basically a hear no evil
see no evil maneuver or evil yeah and
and really Chris most of all it's a
disservice to the American people
because the American people deserved a
fair and thorough and honest
investigation and they didn't get it let
me flip this around
Tip O'Neill really did the reason he
started the Intelligence Committee was
he was tired of the via the CIA giving
him all this information he didn't want
to have it in his head all this stuff
going in this stuff going on around the
world you don't want to know it all she
put it in the hands of a bipartisan
committee so they could be some kind of
check on what the intelligence agencies
were doing without giving it away but to
be bipartisan about Nancy Pelosi the
other day you know I just said if
there's going to be impeachment it's got
to be bipartisan they got to work
together and there have been some
Republicans a few who have used the word
impeachment saying if the president goes
so far as to fire the special counsel to
you know meddle in the Justice
Department it could lead to impeachment
they're saying that word out loud but
those people are still outliers as the
congressman said on the Republican side
by and large what you have are people
who look at the incentive structure
politically and see more reason to just
keep their heads down then there is
reason to stand up for the Constitution
and the system of checks and balances
that we connection when are you it could
be that made that that because he gets a
complete clean bill of goods from the
Republicans they think he's fine and
then when the Democrats are more
continuing to investigate he'll say well
I got a fire mower now yeah this may be
a pretext for firing mower yeah I mean
there's no question I think the
president is looking for a reason to be
able to get rid of Bob Mahler and really
I think anybody who would do a thorough
and fair investigation and Bob Muller
certainly seems like he's doing that but
that's what the American people deserve
you've been watching this and I want a
lie on this what do you think is the
most fertile ground we've been looking
at tonight a lot of information now
about possible collusion what looks like
a quid pro quo meeting at Trump Tower
with the family there at him covering up
for it and of course there's questions
obstruction where do you see an
impeachable offense emerging most likely
most likely emerging well the
congressman first at your committee
you're looking at all this stuff I think
you're probably obstruction of justice
it would probably the strongest thing
the you know there's the issues
potentially of money laundering and
collusion of course but for a Congress
to act
probably obstruction of justice you know
well you see I'm not on the committee
I'm you know but but talking to people
around the president what they're
worried about more than anything else is
the obstruction of justice case they say
oh it's probably a flimsy
case it's a ticky-tack thing maybe it's
something he screw up he didn't know
what he was doing he didn't mean oh he's
finally justice right but that's the
things that they tell themselves but I
think that is where the fear is among
those defending the president and close
to the president would that be enough to
move the middle in the Congress
obstruction it would have to be
collusion what would it take to move the
Congress to impeach and convict honestly
right now Chris I just I don't see it
Ruby could remember you've got to get a
two-thirds vote of the Senate two-thirds
vote of the Senate majority in the house
you know I if you take the house this
November it then it's possible I think
that's possible but you know you still
gotta go get 2/3 of the Senate and that
will still be a big mountain to climb
now I am hopeful for some of these
Republicans that after they get past
their midterm elected prime area
lections
that they're gonna be more willing to
buck President Trump because right now
rather than taking on the president what
we've seen in Elia and I were talking
about this rather than taking on the
president they decided to get out of the
game they decided to retire so instead
of taking him on they're basically
leaving I think you're right except the
guys on their way out the door and the
ones that are out the door whether it's
Charlie Danner it's a flake from Arizona
or it's corker or it's Ryan Costello you
can tell the guys about the leave
because he starts talking trash against
this president but it takes that the
door they got to see the door before
they tell the truth anyway US
Congressman Joaquin Castro a future star
already a star of the Democratic Party
of Texas and Thank You Eli as always
toklas hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
