this war of words between the president
the FBI president and Comey your
director ray how do you handle this with
your rank and file so this is a really
complicated question and I have a weird
window into it because you know people
sometimes get in touch with me and so
look the rank and file of the FBI is
experiencing something that it has never
experienced before which is attacks by
the president in the United States
against the institution of the Bureau
and they are being called corrupt and
they are being called politically in the
tank for the other side and their
leadership has been rather quiet now I
don't I don't know what the right way
for Chris ready to handle this is but it
goes noticed within the bureau when the
FBI leadership does not say something
about attacks like that and so I suspect
that it is animating and encouraging for
a lot of people to have the former
director out there speaking about this
in the way that he has how much of this
with director Ray has to do with waiting
for the IG report on the Clinton emails
so I don't know okay
and I also think there is a after what
happened to Comey and after the trouble
that Jim got himself in with the Clinton
emails stuff and and and other decisions
there may be good Prudential reasons for
Chris ray to simply they say his head
down and run the bureau the lesson from
Comey is don't say anything don't say
anything and that may be in some ways a
good lesson but it does leave the
rank-and-file very exposed to the
political criticism and so you end up
with this and I really I don't I really
don't mean to criticize him it's an
impossible no rule the two leaders of
the justice of the beright the actual
Attorney General and the director of the
FBI essentially that could be speaking
out both probably feel a little bit gun
shy because the president might lash out
at them the president might lash out
with them yesterday the president talked
in the present tense about the
witch-hunt at the FBI directed at him
he's
just talking about Jim Comey and Andy
McCabe right he's talking about chris
ray and the current leadership too and
so under those circumstances keeping
your head down and doing your job
running the bureau makes a certain
amount of sense on the other hand if
you're rank-and-file at the bureau you
feel pretty unsupported right morale and
recruitment has got to be a difficult
circumstance it'll be very interesting
to see the 2018 employee Climate Survey
at the bureau which is now complete and
which I have requested under the Freedom
of Information Act there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
