though Donald Trump will take a victory
victory lap this morning by calling it
again to Fox my friends because I got to
tell you yesterday yeah yesterday was
wonderful and let's just say for our
friends over at Fox and Friends asking
they asking some good questions asked
him some good follow-up questions that I
think really opened up the conversation
so they certainly should be commended
for that it was it was a remarkable 30
minute interview but Donald Trump put
down landmines for his legal team all
over the place yesterday so much so that
the Southern District of New York moved
to me immediately and amended their
pleadings based on the admissions
against interest that Donald Trump made
on TV he made it to his friends at Fox &
Friends who actually did a really good
job sort of flushing out the story and
figuring out what's going on and he
sounded so amped up so this morning he
was really amped up if you will will
play for it a little later but there
definitely was a tone in his voice that
signaled something for sure this morning
federal prosecutors are seizing on
comments made by President Trump during
that freewheeling 30-minute television
interview yesterday that the hosts were
really trying to they were trying to end
it and it kept going on Fox & Friends
the president appeared to acknowledge
for the first time that his attorney
Michael Cohen represented him as part of
a payment to adult film star stormy
Daniels listen how much of your legal
work was handled by Michael Cohen well
as a percentage of my overall legal work
a tiny tiny little fraction but Michael
would represent me and represent me on
some things he represents me like with
this crazy stormy Daniels deal he
represented me shortly after that
interview attorneys for the Southern
District of New York added a new legal
filing in Cohen's case citing some of
the president's comments they
specifically mentioned that Trump said
Cohen performs the quote tying
tiny little fraction of his overall
legal work prosecutors argue this proves
that relatively few of the documents
seized in the Cohen raid are likely to
be confidential communications between
Cohen and Trump that's potentially a
problem retired federal judge Barbara
Jones was appointed Special Master
yesterday and will decide what documents
may contain communications protected by
attorney-client privilege Jones as a
former organized crime prosecutor and
the Wall Street Journal has new
reporting on the relationship between
Michael Owen and painful Myka in the
months before the election Cohen told
associates he had expected to be tapped
for the role of campaign chief or
possibly White House chief of staff
people familiar with the discussions
tell the paper Trump decided that
bringing Cohen inside the White House
carried too many risks a person close to
the president told that paper Trump has
privately described Cohen as a bull in a
china shop who when brought in to fix a
problem sometimes breaks more china and
joe there was a quote in there that was
it's just sad and kind of really a
paints a picture of a relationship that
may cross some boundaries you know read
them yeah well I mean I don't miss you
so much or something but it's just so
much yeah it was just I think it's safe
to say that everybody in the Morning Joe
newsroom when I'm gone they all call me
and say I miss you so much don't they I
mean maybe they don't I'm gonna do a
baby
weeping right now that is me in the
morgue so Donny Deutsch there was a I
know you know Michael reading that that
article made me flinched hot time again
there were so many times that Donald
Trump went out of his way to publicly
humiliate Michael the like for instance
the bar mitzvah he shows up late
at what is his son's most sacred
religious ceremony one of the most
important moments in his son's life he
shows up late and then he spends all of
his time talking about how he didn't
want to come he wouldn't have been there
but but but the boy's father Michael
Cohen begged him to come so much and
then begged his secretary to come so
much and then begged his children to
have him come so much that finally he
just had to come and you know people
were laughing at Michael and it was just
well I I I don't know who does that it's
unbelievably cold and callous to try to
humiliate a man at his son's Bar Mitzvah
and then you again I literally I've
never met in 55 years anybody that would
be that hateful to anybody else that's
number one and then number two of course
you have that picture of him walking
around Washington DC during the
inaugural festivities just sort of
walking out not being a part of anything
he and his friends being embarrassed in
front of his friends cuz Trump hasn't
given him any nice tickets hasn't given
him anything that you would expect
somebody who's devoted their entire life
to him I mean I know that you know
Michael and you like Michael and again
there is such a disconnect from what we
see on TV and for people who know
Michael Cohen personally most people
really like the guy in person talk about
that story and what could only be called
an abuse of professional relationship
what I've seen up close over the last 11
years with Michael and Doc I have not
seen any of that play out I clearly when
you have a guy like Trump and you are
working by his side
I don't probably whether you're his kids
or my clan Brielle's they're gonna be
those moments I mean that's the guy you
work before this is not a sweet loving
nurturing Qaeda any of his employees I
do know Michael loved Donald and and in
some twisted woods that way he does he
was affected when
and he wasn't brought to Washington
Donald said to look I need you watching
the store I need you watching the kids
kind of that's where I need you and
Michael understood that and took that at
face value I think personally he was
disappointed I even you know I don't
think he necessarily would come out and
say that but I don't think he'd be human
if he wasn't it was interesting what
Trump did yesterday I was shocked on
that festival on Fox News where he
really started well I mean he he
humiliated him yesterday by saying he's
not that important to me it was a small
small liver of my work he said he's a
nothing he's a nobody when again and
also of course he throws him under the
bus and saying oh wait they're not even
looking at me it's all Michael Cohen's
work that the southern is really found
kind of and I know Michael was caught by
some complete surprise by that what I
found kind of stunning in that if I am
fearful of one person on this planet
right now what and there isn't a close
second or third yeah
it's Michael call he'll agree so I was
stunned that Trump and I thought Michael
Cohen and I'm going through this
emotional roller coaster of I whatever
it is I do love this man and I don't
want any betrayal involved and then all
of a sudden Trump is basically stepping
50 yards back and saying you don't
matter and you're on your own
boy I found that strategically bizarre
yeah yeah I just I I say exactly exactly
the same thing and there are a variety
of things about that interview which you
almost his unhinged obviously in a
variety of ways and I think the Mekas
point the tone of it was more disturbing
in some ways than the substance he
sounded like a person having a manic
episode on national television his hit
the high pitch of the voice the
scratchiness kind of palpitating quality
of it but those some substantive things
first of all obviously the admission
that Conan represented in the stormy
Daniels case the way in which that
creates a conflicting account from his
previous accounts which will add fuel to
the Michael avenatti fire in terms of
being able to justify asking for a
deposition but the thing about the
Michael Cohen issue if my understanding
is right I I'm not gonna ask you to
betray confidences but my sense of it
talking to people who are friends of
Michael's is that ten days ago say he
was freaked out thinking hard about
whether he might have to
make a deal with the federal with the
prosecutors to turn on Donald Trump and
then in the last few days you started
hearing you know Michaels in a little
better place he's feeling confident he
thinks he seems heard the messages from
Donald Trump Trump has his back he's got
a good lawyer now everything's going to
maybe be fine that comment the comments
the Trump made yesterday I would have
thought mug cone is back to freaked out
he's not gonna pardon me your take is a
pretty nailing it and I was I literally
fell off my chair in that and I haven't
spoken to Michael since that interview
yesterday but yeah I think you're kind
of roadmap is a pretty pretty accurate
one so you me sure want a plate let's
just listen and now that we because I
felt I felt like I appreciate that you
heard what I heard and I was immersed
first thing I thought last night listen
to the press let alone the fact that
he's messing up his own legal case
against him with the words he's using
here just listen to his voice how much
of your legal work was handled by
Michael Kohn well as a percentage of my
overall legal work a tiny tiny little
fraction but Michael would represent me
and represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
yeah you know me I did speak to somebody
that had talked with Michael yesterday
and he was shocked he was shocked on
several fronts he was shocked that
Donald Trump would tried to dismiss his
role in the Trump Organization and try
to make him look like he was a very very
small small minor player and secondly he
was shocked that Donald Trump was
actually undercutting their legal
defense plan by going out saying that he
had a very very small role which argues
completely into the hands of the
Southern District of New York and then
arguing that stormy Daniels the
that he Cohen represented him in the
stormy Daniels case that plays right
into Michael Ivan I t's hands so yeah
Michael Cohen was shocked he was
disappointed and could not believe that
Donald Trump was helping the other side
on the lease to legal fight I'm just
jumping for second cuz I heard the exact
same thing but make no mistake about it
in my dozens and dozens and dozens of
dealing with Donald Trump over the last
15 years decade Michael Cohen was by his
side right Michael Cole would call me to
massage issues and Donald Trump did have
an affection and a very close Michael
Scott like let us not say in any way
shape or form in any gray area that
Michael cone other than his children was
more integral in his day-to-day dealings
yeah the less they can think anybody
else period put an exclamation point on
it real quick I just just go B if you go
back to the period in the 2010 2011 2012
period back when Trump was first
thinking about serious about running for
president Michael Cole was the only one
around him yeah that was how you dealt
with Trump you went through Michael cone
there wasn't a Corey Lewandowski there
was there was Michael cone and Donald
Trump at the hip joined on absolutely
everything in business and politics and
you Misha I want to bring you in here
because I'm planning see if there is any
White House version to this story I
heard that Michael Cohen was absolutely
crestfallen yesterday as well but what
happened inside the White House what do
we know who is the person is there
anybody who could have grabbed that
phone from him and saved him from
himself because he was acting crazy I'm
talking about the president knighted
States unless you don't think that
undermining multiple legal cases
building against yourself and speaking
extemporaneously in a high-pitched tone
without an ability to control yourself
and stop talking unless you don't think
that's crazy it really sounded
absolutely crazy yesterday so who in the
White House has I mean is anyone even
with him
when he's doing these calls that's a
valid question because usually when the
president United States does a media
interview there is preparation there is
a circle of people around him there is a
strategy there are keywords to focus on
there's a message this guy was just
going rogue on himself well what we have
according to my reporting is vintage
Donald Trump we have Donald Trump roadie
first got into office when he doesn't
have a clear line between him and the
advisors outside he has somebody john
kelly chief of staff John Kelly is that
someone at this point that I from my
reporting that can really control the
president or is even trying to really
cut him off and you also remember we
don't have a communications director
that job has not been filled there's
been a lot of people leaving the White
House but not that many people being
hired so yes that I don't think that
there's anybody yesterday that could
have pulled the phone away from Donald
Trump except that it's really
interesting Fox and Friends from most
journalistic standards to what it was
asking the questions that most
journalists wanted to know but when he
started talking in 30 minutes in and he
just come on cutting going and going and
going if you watch this till the end the
Fox and Friends host actually had to
take 15 seconds to get him off the phone
they were kind of trying to really
corral him to stop talking now that that
to me it's kind of remarkable because
yes nobody usually cuts off the
President of the United States but in
this case you had someone that was just
talking about all these sorts of things
and it's really hard to listen to that
interview and not feel like Donald Trump
is trying to distance himself from
Michael Cohen am i reporting from people
who know Michael Cohen is that he wants
to be very loyal to this president he's
not just thinking about taking the the
fifth for the stormy Daniels case but
he's also been looking at in if this if
the New York case this big fraud case
goes awry that he might have to plead
the fifth there and he's been telling
friends that he'd rather do that than
turn on Donald Trump as you listen to
that interview and watch it yesterday
there's a great irony to that Washington
Post report you just read that Donald
Trump was worried that Michael Cohen
would be a bull in a china shop in
Washington that was the alternative play
of the ball in a china shop but Joe that
the the back to the piece you talked
about about Trump saying that that Cohen
represented him in this crazy stormy
Daniels deal remember there was no legal
case at that point it was merely a
payoff
now there's a case where Michael Cohen
could represent it but he's saying
represented me in that crazy stormy
Daniels deal that suggests that he was
involved that he did know about the
payoff which contradicts what Michael
Cohen has said all along that he acted
unilaterally and cut a check from his
own money of 130 grand to stormy Daniels
yesterday Trump said Cohen represented
me in that deal now you know I know that
dr. Ronnie Jackson the Obama people tell
us it's an extraordinarily respected man
a great doctor and said it lived to two
hundred years and said that his mind was
sharp he passed the test that would
would question whether get any onset of
dementia or any other problems but I
challenge anybody on set or anybody
watching this show to find a 71 72
year-old man who would so willingly
speak against interest as Donald Trump
did yesterday who would so willingly say
things that undercut him legally the way
Donald Trump did who would just blurt
things out publicly knowing that the
Southern District of New York and the
whole world was watching that would be
incapable of grasping after 72 years on
this earth that what you were saying was
putting you in legal jeopardy
he was Willy he was completely unaware
ating himself of the consequences of the
incriminating statements that he was
making and please someone tell me
another 72 year old adult that would be
that unaware of the damage that they
were doing to themselves and now we're
not talking about politics and we're not
talking about this drug disruption and
we're not talking about he's crazy he's
crazy
he goes by know there are legal
consequences to this no BS website can
clean this up and
I will tell you there is no 72 year old
man with with their wits about them who
would go on national television and
destroy their legal defense in two cases
in one 15-minute interview you have to
wonder if his staff actually doesn't
want to save him from himself anymore up
next thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
