Donald Trump's defense of his personal
lawyer completely publicly backfiring
Michael Cohen headed to a federal
courtroom today and Trump was trying to
stick up for him but he instead made an
admission that as you probably know from
watching the news the entire Trump team
has been trying to hide for months this
is about the stormy Daniels hush payment
the president how much of your legal
work was handled by Michael Kohn well as
a percentage of my overall legal work a
tiny tiny little fraction but Michael
would represent me and represent me on
some things he represents me like with
this crazy stormy Daniels deal he
represented me and you know from what I
see he did absolutely nothing wrong
Cohen barely did any work for Trump but
allegedly that tiny little fraction does
include the infamous stormy Daniels
payoff now think about three weeks ago
when Trump had a completely different
factually opposite claim
I know we say a lot of unusual things
happen around here in the newsroom but
this is unusual you are witnessing the
fact-checking of Donald Trump on the
stormy Daniels Michael Cohen
relationship by Donald Trump who said
three weeks ago he didn't know about the
payment and now admits in public on Fox
News that Cohen made the deal so in a
moment we're gonna turn to the man at
the center of all this stormy Daniels
lawyer Michael avenatti who's here on
the beat the other big development
though in the Cohen case a judge ruling
that there will be an outside
third-party special master to review the
records the FBI seized in their raid of
Cohen because of all these questions or
an attorney-client privilege the former
judge Barbara Jones will be this special
master prosecutors say the review won't
take long and they argue basically Trump
agrees in fact hours after the Fox
interview the prosecutor started citing
that in a new court filing saying Thank
You president Trump Cohen performs a
quote tiny tiny little fraction of his
overall legal work which suggests that
these materials are unlikely to contain
voluminous privileged documents related
to the president thank you Fox and
Friends now if Cohen
didn't do much legal work for Trump
there shouldn't be many documents that
prosecutors can't see Trump also said
the case is more to do with Cohen's
businesses and legal advice and defended
his decision to take the fifth in the
civil lawsuit brought by stormy Daniels
as the New York investigation moves
forward he did absolutely nothing wrong
there were no campaign funds going in
why is he pleading would have had a
problem because he's got other things
he's got businesses and from what I
understand they're looking at his
businesses and I hope he's in great
shape
when he's got businesses and his lawyers
probably told him to do that but I'm not
involved and I'm not involved and I've
been told I'm not involved Michael Cohen
does have the right to take the Fifth
Amendment and you can't basically take
any big conclusion about that but you
can think of someone who disagrees with
that proposition if five people taking
the fifth amendment like you see on the
mob right you see the mob takes it
if you r innocent while you're taking
the Fifth Amendment we turn to Michael
avenatti who is here as I always remind
my viewers you have a stake in this case
you are against Michael Cohen having
said that you have been proven right
repeatedly if folks have followed you
you predicted this exact series of
events how and what does it mean tonight
well I think this is a a monumental
moment not only in this case but really
in the history of the nation as it
relates to the president and his
relationship with his personal attorneys
this is the first time a personal
attorney to a sitting president in our
nation's history has has pleaded the
Fifth Amendment against
self-incrimination and you know you
mentioned that we can't draw any
negative inference or negative
conclusion from that but actually we can
in a civil case because and we are
prosecuting a civil case right now the
fact-finder whether it be a judge or a
jury in our case is going to be able to
draw a negative inference which means
that they will be able to assume that
had Michael Cohen answered whatever
questions I'm ultimately going to pose
to him and whatever questions he's going
to assert his Fifth Amendment rights to
that those answers would have been
negative or would have been bad for
Michael Cohen and they can use that fact
against him and that makes this more
likely that what that you'll be able to
crack the underlying NDA correct it
makes it more likely that we're gonna be
able to win on our declaratory judgment
action on the NDA as well as our
defamation action and re I think it also
makes it more likely that we're going to
get a deposition of the President and
not only does that make it more likely
but the president's statements on Fox
and Friends and by the way I want to
encourage the prey if you're watching
please go on Fox and Friends every
morning because our case gets better
every time you do it so every time he
goes on Fox and Friends he makes a
statement that helps us out and in light
of the statement this morning which is
contrary to the Air Force one statement
as you just showed your your viewers
it's also contrary to what Michael Cohen
said previously and what David Schwartz
Michael Cohen's attorney said previously
all these statements are inconsistent
so I'm standard that would have suggest
that he was lying on Air Force One about
Michael : correct
and what that does is it provides a
foundation a further foundation re for
our efforts to depose the president and
actually place him under oath and cause
them to stake out a definitive position
as to these issues do you think it's
perhaps more likely that you will be
able to force Donald Trump to testify
sooner than Bob Miller absolutely no
question I do I do
because Bob Muller does not I think
technically have the ability to force
him to come to a deposition whereas if
judge Otero in in my case in our case
grants our motion and issues that order
that's going to be a very powerful order
commanding him to be deposed so that's a
lot of good news for your side the
procedural bad news because I think you
were fighting against it is that they
are using this Special Master what does
that mean to you
well I don't think the Special Master is
really a downside or a downturn for for
either case I mean this is the judge
would appointed Barbara Jones
she's a very well respected former
federal judge she has a lot of
experience across many different realms
I think she's going to be diligent
relating to the review of the documents
and I think at the end of the day the
government investigators and the
prosecutors are going to get what they
need you know one of the things re that
came out of the hearing today was that
the FBI had seized 16 cellphones from
the three different locations and the
FBI rates now you pretty no one will
have 16 cellphones yeah I mean I don't
know how many you III actually have 19th
I am 37 okay good yeah so it's not that
big a number but I mean I almost fell
out of my seat when I heard 16 cell
phones including two BlackBerry's now I
don't know the last time you had a
blackberry the last time I had one well
some some older people have black great
no problem there's nothing wrong with
having a blackberry right I know I don't
even know we're talking about no but the
point but the point is is that what it
appears is is that every time Michael
Cohen changed phones he kept his own old
phone and would use what to you well
presumably he didn't erase that phone
and he even if he did erase it if he
didn't erase it forensic ly the FBI now
has image the old stuff all of those
phones so you could be talking about
communications dating back five seven
ten twelve years with any number of in
the
mr. Trump you're saying entity you're
saying how many phones can be as used as
you put it earlier a negative inference
I mean there's a rapper Kevin gates who
talks about the fact that an additional
phone is an indication of a dedicated
phone for narcotics trade I mean you
don't know yet though whether all those
phones were illicit or not know that my
points actually a little different the
treasure trove of documents just got
that much larger we're not talking a
single Christmas worth we're talking 12
years of Christmas but if they're all
valid if those if the old evidence is
valid or potentially attorney-client
privilege with as you put it Hannity or
Trump or anyone else then now with this
special master you guys will never see
it why I don't believe that to be true I
think they're gonna go through the
information and they're gonna pour
through it and they're gonna get to the
bottom of it no matter what the quantity
is
let me let me read to you something more
on the personal side of Michael Cohen
who's someone that you've come to know
in this case a call that he allegedly
placed in November 2017 where he said
boss I miss you so much
I wish I was down there in Washington
with you it's really hard for me to be
here according to a person familiar with
the call in a Wall Street Journal piece
about the awkward exile of Michael Cohen
have you gleaned anything in all this
time around him about the the odd
relationship with Donald Trump
particularly given the the factual
discrepancies you just mentioned about
Trump saying either asked Michael Cohen
I don't know anything to Michael Cohen
does stuff but it's insignificant you
know I think this fits the larger
pattern re of Donald Trump demanding
absolute loyalty but giving none and I
think there's little question that he
abandoned Michael Cohen to a significant
degree kicked him to the curb and now
only recently is he trying to reignite
that relationship I I treated about his
tweet to Michael Cohen this weekend or
what I perceived to be he was pointing
about other people's tweets Michael well
I mean you know we haven't is that a
good use of your time sometimes it is
actually it's very valuable okay thank
you but in any event I think that you
can only show disloyalty to people that
are close to you that you trust with
information for so long and ultimately
that's gonna catch up does it bite back
stay with me I want to bring in as we
often do some of our other expert
panelists Nancy Erica Smith and former
federal prosecutor not a Mariotti both
with extensive litigation experience
first off the top your
Ponce's to everything you've just heard
of Renato first well I won one quibble
I'm gonna have with Michael is that I do
think Muller could compel Trump to
testify if he wanted to he could issue a
grand jury subpoena and then Trump would
be in the situation of whether or not to
take the fifth himself obviously you
could do that in the civil matter as
well I think that it seems like there's
at least some possibility in the civil
case that we're gonna have at least a
limited stay or some period of time
where that case is going to be stayed in
other words frozen for some period of
time at least as the discovery is to
trump on that point let's listen to
Donald Trump speaking to that that
potential today does it make you want to
talk to baller and put it into it does
it make you want to talk to him because
that's what really the problem is that
it's such a such if you take a look
that's so conflicted
we're not oh yeah I gotta tell you he
doesn't sound like somebody who's
excited to talk to Bob Muller and one
thing I'll say is boy there was a lot of
great material for prosecutors and
people like mr. avenatti
in that in that conversation today I do
agree with him on that point and one
takeaway you really come from that
conversation is it does not sound like
Donald Trump is trying to wrap his arms
around Michael Koh and it does not sound
like somebody is ready to pardon Cohen
if I was calling and reading and
watching that interview I would be
concerned because he's really trying to
say I'm separate from this guy he's a
businessman on his own very much trying
to create a distance you know it seems
like he's more concerned about being
close to Cohen than he is concerned
about Cohen flipping right now on that
point Nancy did you have the impression
there was a lawyer in the room with
Donald Trump when he made that call to
Fox and Friends no I didn't have to have
any impression there was a lawyer in the
room I didn't you should be he or she
should be fired well and he has a lot of
lawyers working for him including White
House lawyers and if you're gonna make a
call like that in the middle of this
many cases federal and civil why not
have one of the people you pay in the
room because he thinks he's the smartest
person in the room and he's not and
what's so sick what if he's alone in the
room
it was a phoner very good it was a
phoner very good I'm listening to what
you're saying and respond that's it well
we even the thing that I find that we're
kind of glossing over is the incredible
amount of lying by the President of the
United States it's quite shocking to see
the president three weeks ago say I
don't know anything about what Michael
Cohen's doing and today say oh yeah he
represented me on that stormy Daniels
crazy thing that's shocking and it's
like lost in this morass of the Trump
presidency I think he's doing it because
now he wants to assert the privilege
with regard to stormy Daniels materials
he's trying to help he's not helping by
saying oh we represented me in a tiny
little bit and I don't know anything
about his business none of this is
remotely believable but the idea that is
now trying to say well any
communications about stormy Daniels yes
he represented me he was my lord who
knew Nancy that Donald Trump's stormy
Daniels a few good men moment would
happen under fairly limp questioning by
telephone on Fox News I mean they were
they were going to court if Michael
could speak to this after you literally
saying maybe Michael Cohen doesn't
represent anyone and who knows who David
Dennison was I mean this was an actual
legal strategy executed under oath and
then under the Fox questioning he goes
well actually yeah no he is my lawyer
for storm again yeah I don't think you
can't remember his lines very well and
as much as Fox News tries to be Pravda
for the Trump administration you can't
control him well well that's absolutely
right I mean the issue are is is that
you know goes back to that old adage
what a tangled web we weave when we
practice to deceive and when you when
you tell lie after lie and and fabricate
the fact after fact you can't keep it
straight even if you're highly
intelligent and on your game and and
that's what we've seen I mean he he
spoke off-the-cuff as he usually does
and he can't remember the last lie told
the last fact that he fabricated and
this is what happens and re you can get
away with this from a political
standpoint if you're running a campaign
or something in that nature I mean
obviously that's why we're all sitting
here talking about this right I mean he
got away with this for a long time but
you can't get
with it and you know this you can't get
away with it when you're involved in
litigation cuz it'll come back and bite
you and this is gonna come back and bite
him and Renato briefly what interview do
you think is most likely to happen if
any I actually think Donald Trump seems
like he's he's intrigued with the
possibility of talking to Muller I don't
know why he should take the fifth but I
don't think he will hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
