so let's look at what the allegations
are against dr. Jackson they're outlined
in a new report by Democrats on the
Senate Veterans Affairs Committee which
says the claims come from 23 current and
former colleagues of Jackson many of
them still in uniform they allegedly
told the committee Jackson engaged in
questionable prescribing practices and
was called the Candyman because he would
give out prescriptions without the
necessary paperwork the report recounts
it causing chaos one story going like
this missing percocet used for pain tabs
once through White House Medical Unit
into a panic it turned out Jackson had
provided a large supply to a White House
military office staffer Jackson also
allegedly had private stocks of
controlled substances the report says a
nurse told the committee that Jackson
wrote prescriptions for himself the
committee also says they were told about
multiple counts of drunkenness while on
duty including incidents during overseas
travel and according to the same report
one time Jackson could not be reached
when needed because he was passed out
drunk in his hotel room the reports also
recount one tale of how at a secret
service party Jackson got drunk and
wrecked a government vehicle something
Jackson not only denied to NBC News but
said well wouldn't that be provable if
it had happened the other big allegation
according to the Democratic report is
that Jackson created a hostile work
environment he was described as toxic
abusive and volatile with the day-to-day
environment portrayed as walking on
eggshells the witnesses also told the
panel that there was a constant fear of
reprisal this is the stuff that Jon
Tester and his committee heard okay but
again these are just allegations you
know we don't know them in its entirety
and what we're saying
Candyman it's a drug let's let's be
clear it's a sleeping pill which lots of
doctors lots of corporate doctors give
employees if you're going on long trips
so watching him go through this the
question is does this destroy his life
so I wasn't here yesterday when we were
talking about this first and I sort of
agree with you I think everybody going
crazy about the ambien stuff is is a
little different the idea that percocet
which is an opioid in the current
environment when it comes to opioids is
involved may change the discussion a
little bit but what we should have it
the other thing we have to point out
there's
difference between are you qualified for
a job and are you qualified to run
cabinet position not just a cabinet
position the second biggest department
in the entire US government second only
to the Department of Defense 375
involves a different vetting process so
I'm going to come work at NBC there's a
background check look that is far
different from what I would have to go
through if I wanted to be a u.s. senator
and I hear or approved by the Senate
those are two different things
and it's one of the reasons many people
don't run for office joining us now art
Kaplan medical ethicist with NYU Langone
Medical Center in New York City and our
friend Steve Carnegie MSNBC national
political correspondent art to you okay
Ronnie Jackson's not going to be VA
secretary but what does it mean about
being the White House doctor a doctor it
means a lot those allegations are so
serious that first and foremost the
Medical Board I'm not sure if he's in
Virginia or DC wherever he is they gotta
take a look you can't prescribed
percocet to yourself or others and not
document that would be opioid abuse that
serious I agree the ambien thing that's
not a death sentence it's trouble but
it's one of those things that you may
get by with not a narcotic and the
accusations of drunk on duty another
severe charge that has to be pushed look
I know everybody's blaming the Democrats
including Trump but Johnny Isakson the
guy who chairs this committee said
there's enough here I'm gonna delay the
hearings he thought these charge him
seriously I can't imagine a Medical
Board would know there's the Medical
Board take action now I'm sure the
president's like come on do they have to
get it right he sort of like public
allegations I think they're gonna have
to move and the other question is do we
all want to really trust Trump's
physical how legit is this now Steve to
to arts point the president absolutely
is blaming Democrats for Jackson's
withdrawal let's listen to what he said
on Fox this morning
credible man respected by President
Obama gave his highest rating you saw
what President Obama said President Bush
he was the doctor to President Bush to
President Obama and the family he's been
my doctor and he runs a fantastic
operation the Democrats are
obstructionist is horrible what they're
doing they're not approving people that
taking them out to the maximum 30 hours
that's a lot of time 30 hours to
interview people that are going to be
approved so Steve you know when the the
Republicans on the House Intelligence
involved we were critical of that we
thought that was highly partisan this is
just the Democrats on the Veterans
Affairs Committee does Trump have a
point is this is this partisan well I
think the distinction here is it's the
Democrats in went public
it's tester who took point in airing
these things publicly but as the doctor
was just saying the Republicans on the
committee including Johnny Isakson said
no we do need to take a look at this we
are gonna extend this now we're gonna
have an investigation and I think really
that's what happened here ultimately
with Jackson the example I'm thinking
back to it goes back a number of years
but a man named John tower got nominee
to be defense secretary by the first
President Bush there were accusations of
what they called carousing back then
drinking and carousing and what happened
with that investigation it the whole
investigation played out the committee
looked into it they paused it for months
all these other things started coming
out during the investigation he ended up
taking this formal pledge saying I swear
if you confirm me I will never have a
drop of liquor on the job he still
wasn't confirmed but I think that kind
of process it was clear with Republicans
saying we will investigate right that
kind of process was likely here but you
said tester came forward could they have
done this privately or differently or
differently but it looks like it was a
fait accompli here it looks like the
Republicans on this committee from what
you're hearing from Isakson now they
were prepared to investigate this thing
I think there might have been some
breath or going out on a limb saying
this is about a I think from a political
standpoint you understand why he would
try to pin this on Democrats they think
testers of vulnerable income but this
year so they're gonna try to score some
points and yes tester did make a point
of going out there publicly in a way
Republicans were hesitant to but I think
this committee was probably gonna be
moving in this direction all right I
want to go back to
ethics that are that's around doctors we
know for all of time there have been
ethics that doctors have to deal with do
we think that hard partying or drinking
I mean we haven't got the distinction
know that it's hard party if it were
true if true this would be a real
professional compromise of ethics drunk
on duty look off-hours kind of do what
you want in terms of alcohol and so
forth but if you know like a pilot
you're going to be called upon to take
care of the president other high-level
officials and you are drunk that he's
treating the president drunk they could
be on an overseas trip but then he goes
like that's what I'm asking had dinner
same as pilots they can't go out
drinking if they know they might be
called because that's good you have to
fly plane the next day I heart attack in
the middle of the flight here's the guy
who's gonna resuscitate him but he's
asleep because he's drunk
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
