you're bad act witnesses whom I
represent who testified in the second
criminal trial first of all I want to
thank the jury justice has been done and
we're very very happy and proud of this
result beginning in late 2014 we be the
accusers of mr. Cosby whom I represented
began to speak out it took a great deal
of courage in the beginning many were
not believed we are so happy that
finally we can say women are believed
and not only on hashtag me too but in a
court of law where they were under oath
where they testified truthfully where
they were attacked where they were
smeared where they were denigrated where
they were there were attempts to
discredit them and after all is said and
done women were finally believed and we
thank the jury so much for that and they
were believed after the prosecution met
their high standard of having to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt and the
jury in this second criminal trial found
that they believed women
and I'm the happiest I have been about
any Court decision in 42 years Shalon
lasha who testified at this trial states
about the guilty verdict I feel that the
judicial system works 32 years of
nightmares and tears are over thanks to
all of those who have supported me Lise
lot Lublin my client who testified at
this trial as well she's a teacher in
Las Vegas says I am extremely grateful
to see that the jury was able to see
past his defense attorneys lies and she
says more but people Steve emailing me
so it's kind of covering up what they're
saying I truly hope that his long list
of victims will truly will now be able
to find some kind of peace and we will
have more from her a little bit later
and finally we also have a statement
from Janice Baker Kinney who also
testified at this trial and all right
her statement is I am overwhelmed with
joy relief and gratitude joy that
finally justice has been served
relief that the years of this toxic
chain of silence has been broken and we
can now move forward with our with our
heads held high and there will be more
from her later so I just want to say
it's been a very long journey but this
is an historic result this was her story
not his story not history but the story
of her the story of Audrey a constant
the story of all of those who took that
risk against a rich powerful famous man
took the risk of being denigrated
publicly took the risk of being sued for
what they said because he had the
resources to do it took the risk of
being shamed and blamed as the defense
did in their final argument took those
risks and they took the risks so that
their truth could be known so that their
truth could be believed and yes
the me to a movement has arrived'
and as well and is living in Montgomery
County throughout this nation and
throughout this world thank you
lastly I do want to thank prosecutor
Kevin Steele Kristen fed and Stewart an
amazing prosecutorial office they
believed in this case they went through
that first trial ended in deadlock some
prosecutors would not have retried the
case they took that risk for justice so
I want to thank them detective reap
detective Schaffer all of those who work
so hard behind the scenes and who also
believed my clients and just everyone so
Tom Mesereau you tried you failed the
personal attacks did not work bill cosby
three words for you
guilty guilty yeah thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
