bill cosby has been found guilty guilty
on all three counts of aggravated
indecent assault against andrea constand
the jury just coming back count one
aggravated indecent assault without her
consent while she was unconscious or
unaware that of course speaks to her
claim that he had drugged her that she
was unable to really even know what was
going on count three while she was
intoxicated or drugged bill cosby now
faces a fine of up to $25,000 for each
of the three counts and each count
carries a maximum sentence of 10 years
Lisa well it is a triumph for the
prosecution and they surely understood
what ron was speaking about earlier this
is an old case it was a he said she said
case the last time they tried they ended
in a mistrial but this time I think the
difference was more women were able to
tell their stories and if you look back
as we were just discussing about the
jury looked at they looked at Cosby's
old testimony he admitted these
behaviors that happened it had an excuse
the jury didn't buy that excuse Danny
Cevallos I've handled cases in this
courthouse in Norristown and I can tell
you that aggravated indecent assault
it means the jury found that there was
an absence of consent that she was
impaired and that she was unconscious
and in a case like this the maximum may
be 10 years but realistically speaking
at sentencing Bill Cosby is looking in
the range of 22 months somewhere around
there but the guidelines certainly call
for incarceration so the person that we
once knew is America's dead we'll be
heading into one of America's prisons
specifically a Pennsylvania state
correctional facility in all likelihood
so you've been in you you've been inside
that courthouse before help us
understand what happens next and the
arguments that his side could make to
reduce the maximum there well it's very
unlikely the Bill Cosby would get the
maximum in this case because he's what
we call a zero in Pennsylvania he's got
no
criminal record that's significant for
sentencing purposes at least as far as I
know so that plus you can expect that
his his attorneys will put on a show
about all the goodwill and all the
charity works charitable works that Bill
Cosby has done over the years they'll
make the strongest argument for the
absolute lowest end of the guidelines
which could fall below 22 months given
the Pennsylvania Sentencing Guidelines
matrix but in this case in this
courthouse this is a one of the easily
one of the biggest cases this courthouse
has ever seen it's a in a leafy somewhat
suburban suburb of Philadelphia that I
know very well and and this is a very
very big verdict for this part of
Pennsylvania in a stunning absolutely
stunning turn for a man who was once one
of the most beloved dads probably in the
history of television a beloved comedian
incredibly rich and famous it's one
thing to take away a man's stand-up
bookings to take away his honorary
degrees it's another thing to take away
his freedom let's go back to Ron Allen
who was outside the courthouse and what
are you seeing and hearing from there
well Chris there's a question now what
happens now Cosby is free on bail and
we've been asking the district attorney
what will happen if he is convicted it's
it's unclear whether the judge will
revoke that bail and if that happens he
could be on his way to jail almost
immediately
there's the the prosecution is likely to
argue that Cosby is a flight risk he has
his own private plane he can go anywhere
in the country or anywhere in the world
so there is an argument for putting him
right in jail we don't know whether that
will happen or not his defense is
obviously going to try to appeal this
they have said that and and they they
will try to do that almost immediately
and just to follow up what you're saying
earlier I think the big difference in
this case was in fact the five
additional accusers the five women who
came
and told their stories and they sounded
so much like the story that andrea
constand was saying in the summation the
prosecutor kept saying sound familiar
sound familiar Cosby had an mo they
called him a con this was his con he
would befriend women earned their trust
take them to his home invite to his home
mentor them and at some point
intoxicated them Val qahal quaaludes
medications drugs in this case benadryl
and then take advantage of them young
women in one case this happened when the
woman was 17 years old another was in
her 20s these were young aspiring
starlets and and models in Hollywood at
a time when Cosby was one of the most
powerful men in show business and andrea
constand's case again it was one of the
one of the perhaps you might want to say
weaker cases but it was the only one
that the criminal justice system could
handle because of what had happened but
there were a number of witnesses and
particularly one who alleged that Cosby
raped her so that is what the jury was
listening to for two weeks it was very
passionate was very emotional and in the
summation the DA a young woman named
Kristen paedon made a point at one point
Cosby was sort of smirking he had a he
had a almost laughing and a bemused look
on his face and she strode over to him
and pointed her finger at him and said
this is not funny mr. Cosby he thinks
it's funny this is not funny it was just
an incredible moment in the courtroom
the courtroom was just aghast and again
you have to believe that the jury just
was so moved by the passion of these
women I mean because this was as Lisa
pointed out this was about credibility
and this was not just about Andrea
Constance I would argue credibility it
was about the credibility as you say of
this whole string of women who showed
that there was a pattern here who showed
that the man that a lot of people
thought they knew was in fact somebody
very different when he wasn't on
television a legal analyst Katie Fang is
on the phone with us and I just want to
ask you about of course as a matter of
course his legal team we
immediately file appear but on what
grounds is the question number one and
what's the likelihood that given now
we're in a second trial the the jury
came back very clearly about what they
believe what's the chances you see for
an appeal here so there are material
differences between the first trial that
ended up with your hung jury last year
and the second retrial one of the
biggest differences is the fact that
there were five additional victims in
addition to Andrea Kahn fan that were
permitted by judge O'Neal to be able to
testify about their similar experiences
with Bill Cosby as a result that could
be one of the substance of legal grounds
for purposes of an appeal in the
meantime mr. Cosby has been out on bail
you do have to post what you call a
super ceadeus bond meaning you have to
post a bond to ensure that you stay out
of custody while an appeal is pending if
that's where they go but another major
differences you heard about the 3.4
million dollar settlement and that was
another big difference and so there's a
few things that could be grounds for an
appeal will do with enough he does it if
he does they look at he's 80 years old
even the sentencing on one of those
counts could be literally he comes out
of prison in a body bag because he dies
in prison so it's going to be an
important thing to see whether or not
they fight hard to keep him out of
custody Lisa what do you see happening
next well I mean one hesitates to draw
very large conclusions from a single
case but how can you not this is a
verdict in the post weinstein era I
think this will in noble and enable a
lot of women to feel like their voices
can be heard I think it's a rebuke
perhaps to the prosecution's attempt to
really dust up and damage the
credibility of the women who spoke they
were really really harsh and it just
didn't work I want to get final thoughts
if I can from Danny Cevallos what do you
see happening next
I think we're gonna see an appeal now to
me I mean not immediately procedurally
that's going to come shortly but there
are appealable issues in this case the
fact that five additional women more
than last year which in which the judge
allowed one woman to testify about what
we attorneys call prior bad acts that is
a very very contested issue and it's an
appealable issue and I think it's one
that Cosby it'll probably be the chief
issue on appeal that among many others
that his defense attorneys will raise
but we will see what he raises in this
appeal but we will also see a lot at
sentencing we will see a real show where
the attorneys demonstrate to the judge
that this is a man for whom the
sentencing guidelines the judge should
go below the sentencing guidelines and
to the maximum extent possible the
minimum amount of time in prison hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
