and we have breaking news the federal
judge overseeing the case involving the
evidence seized from the president's
personal lawyer Michael Cohen has just
announced she's appointing Barbara Jones
to be the Special Master in the case
she's a federal judge joining me now
legal analyst Lisa green and MSNBC legal
analyst Danny Cevallos in Manhattan
Danny first to you from what we know
this is Barbara Jones who is a former
federal judge who is now going to be
looking through the various documents
seized to determine what is privileged
what is not is that do I have that right
yes you have that right Barbara Jones as
a substantial experience not only as a
federal judge but in white-collar
investigations and in prosecution
she is as judge Kimball would said
specially suited to handle this job of
reviewing a large number of documents
and determining issues of privilege and
Lisa Greene I want to play a little bit
more of what we've had this morning on
Fox & Friends
from the president talking about Michael
Kohn his representation let me play it
for you and ask you about it on the
other side but Michael would represent
me and represent me on some things he
represents me like with this crazy
stormy Daniels deal he represented me
and you know from what I see he did
absolutely nothing wrong there were no
campaign funds going and why is he
pleading would have been a problem
because he's got other things he's got
businesses and from what I understand
they're looking at his businesses
looking at his businesses Lisa green one
of his businesses was working for the
Trump Organization well as Danny is
certainly seen downtown this made the
government's job a lot easier in their
argument that they want to quickly go
through the documents that in fact the
attorney-client privilege which
President Trump himself had said was
dead following this raid may not be as
big a factor as one might have felt in
the rate of an attorney's offices if the
president is saying very little legal
work done for me by Michael Kohn that by
necessity reduces the number of
documents the number of messages phone
texts and whatever that might be
considered privileged easy
for Barbara Jones to get her work done
and Michael avenatti jumped on all this
he was at the time on the set of Morning
Joe Cohen pleading the fifth doesn't
matter well I think it absolutely
matters it matters not only in our case
but it matters potentially in the
criminal case Myka and I think it should
matter the American people I mean this
is nothing short of a stunning
development can you give I could you
give us some insights being involved in
the case why you would be doing this
right now well I think it's clear he's
doing it because he has a lot to hide
and there's a lot of potential criminal
liability that he's facing over this
transaction now Danny that of course is
from a lawyer who's got a vested
interest in the case your takeaway about
him taking the fifth
Michael come Michael Cohen is only filed
a statement that he will take the fifth
in the California civil litigation it's
the prudent choice Michael Cohen like
many folks is facing a civil case and a
simultaneous criminal investigation and
as an attorney with clients in similar
situations you do not want your client
participating in a civil matter in
depositions answering interrogatories
while there is a potential pending
criminal investigation because the
government can and will use those words
especially those words under oath in the
civil matter against him in the criminal
investigation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
