we are gonna start this morning with
president Trump's longtime personal
lawyer Michael Cohen who says he will
exercise his Fifth Amendment rights
against self-incrimination in a civil
case brought by porn star stormy Daniels
Daniels is suing Cohen for defamation
for suggesting she lied about an affair
with the president in 2006 while also
suing Trump claiming her non-disclosure
agreement arranged by Cohen is not valid
because the president never signed it
the White House has repeatedly denied
the affair in Cohen's decision to remain
silent
he cited the ongoing criminal
investigation by the FBI and federal
prosecutors in New York
Daniel's attorney Michael avenatti
reacted this is the personal attorney to
the President of the United States for
at least the last 10 to 12 years that
same individual that the president
pointed you other members of the media
and the American people to for answers
is now refusing to provide those answers
and claiming that he can't answer the
questions because the answers will
incriminate him this is a big deal as we
mentioned mr. Evan Adi will join us at
the top of the eight o'clock hour this
one you know it's so interesting that a
couple of weeks ago when people were
comparing Donald Trump's organization to
the mob there were some Trump supporters
who were very offended by that and yet
you have Donald Trump singing the
campaign that only the mob takes a fifth
and hear his personal attorney for the
past 10 15 years is now claiming he's
going to take the fifth I got no problem
with people taking the fifth it's their
constitutional right but Donald Trump
does and Donald Trump itand Michael
Flynn does and Donald Trump has long
said that that if you take the fifth
there's something wrong with you and
again and the campaign said only the mob
takes the fifth so Joyce Vance what is
this decision by Michael Cohen mean for
the investigation
it's interesting how we see the
different pieces coming together we have
Cohen taking the fifth amendment in the
civil case with stormy Daniels because
of the criminal case in New York and we
don't really know yet what the criminal
case is about only that that search
warrant has been executed
but yesterday Attorney General Jeff
Sessions testifying on the hill said
that he didn't have to recuse from the
Michael Cohen case and he was asked if
if you discover that therein allegations
in that case that relate to the campaign
the 2016 campaign will you recuse and he
said yes and now I'm a little bit
confused because we'd been assuming all
along that that criminal case was about
campaign finance violations that Cohen
and paying stormy Daniels had somehow
violated campaign finance law that seems
contrary to what the Attorney General
said so we'll have to watch this develop
fascinating The Washington Post reports
that another personal lawyer for
president Trump former New York City
Mayor Rudy Giuliani met with Special
Counsel
Robert Muller on Tuesday reopening
negotiations about a presidential
interview while cautioning that the
president remains resistant Giuliani
pressed Muller for clarity on when the
probe is expected to end according to
three people familiar with the talks in
response Muller reportedly reiterated
that he would like a chance to ask Trump
questions about steps he took during the
transition in early months of his
administration
Giuliani joined the Trump legal team
last week hoping to negotiate an end to
the investigation within a couple of
weeks earlier discussions of a
presidential sit down with Muller
reportedly broke off after the raid of
Michael Cohen's office residents and
hotel rooms so we would get both David
and Joyce in on this Joyce let me start
with you what is the significance of a
meeting a potential meeting between Bob
Mahler and Donald Trump is it something
at this point that Bob Mahler needs for
his investigation he really doesn't need
it and it's rare you know that
prosecutors will talk to a target of an
in
investigation before they indict but
we've heard at least through sources
that come from outside of the Moller
investigation that Trump is not a target
he's been told he's only a suspect and
so at some point Muller's team will have
to decide is he a target or is he just a
witness if he's a witness he can be
easily subpoenaed to the grand jury like
anybody else but if he's not a target
simply because they don't want to indict
a sitting president then we're in this
really unusual wild-card situation that
we've not seen come up before but you
you you make a case for obstruction not
based on your interview with the target
so really at the end of the day this is
not a critical sort of a sit-down yeah
it's interesting too there's talk David
Ignatius about Rudy Giuliani using his
past as a personal relationship with Bob
Muller perhaps to massage Muller to get
some information out of them to maybe I
don't know help Muller go easier on the
president if he possibly can
what do you think the role of Giuliani
is here in the big picture well I think
he's the the big negotiator the
experienced guy the personal
relationship with Muller as you say
Julie and I said a fascinating thing
last night to the Wall Street Journal he
said does the special prosecutor meaning
Muller really have an open mind we're
going to assess that what does that mean
what is the proposal that Giuliani as
the president's lawyer wants to make to
the special prosecutor with an open mind
is it to close the investigation is it
to time-limited is it to restrict it to
certain Associates of Trump in the
campaign we have no idea but it's
obvious from that quote from Giuliani
that he's seeking some sort of broad
negotiation to which Muller but might
well respond I'm a criminal prosecutor
it's not my job to have an open mind is
to complete the case and that's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna go where the evidence
leads me thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
