on Friday President Trump falsely
claimed protestors were not motivated by
their concerns but by paychecks from
billionaire George Soros instead quote
well that's a very old tired auntie
somatic very old anti somatic trick that
people have usually on the Internet Myka
the very rude elevator screamers are
paid professionals only looking to make
senators look bad don't fall for it also
look at all of the professionally made
identical signs paid for by Soros and
others these are not signs made in the
basement from love with the hashtag
troublemakers Trump's comments which was
examined and debunked by The Washington
Post came shortly after this exchange on
fox business with judiciary chair
chuck Grassley do you believe George
Soros is behind all of this paying these
people to get you and your colleagues in
elevators or wherever they can get in
your face I tend to believe it I believe
it fits in his attack mode that he has
eme shall endure are these protesters
paid or what do you make of this no I
don't think the protesters are paid by
George Soros but even further what I
want to say is that the Republican Party
and a lot of the Republican leadership
are really acting like Donald Trump I've
been really taken aback by my covering
president Trump and in all this
conversation that people had about
president about him coming in and maybe
being somehow watered down by the
Republican leadership and maybe there
are adults in the room who will make
President Trump
act in a different way and what we've
seen and said is that everyone starts
acting like President Trump when Brett
Kavanaugh testified he was talking about
the Clintons revenge he was talking
about the 2016 election Lindsey Graham
is is using the word whore there's
this idea that President Trump has
really lowered the datura and a lot of
people's minds of what you can say and
really have allowed people to be more
raw and some people like that there are
a lot of Trump of supporters who say we
like this brash talk we like the idea
that people are being politically
correct but I think a long term there
are a lot of people who are questioning
do we want our senators to be saying the
word whore when we talk about the
Supreme Court nominees do we want people
to be
about political revenge's when we're
thinking about the Supreme Court and
also do we mark McKinnon one whom the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee to
pick up an anti-semitic slur and run
with it
well Joe one thing I'll say about the
paid protesters line is that anybody who
said that obviously didn't actually go
out to the halls of the grounds of the
Capitol and and see and talk to any
department so what they're saying by
with this charge is that yeah George
sorro's paid some people to go out and
publicly tell their rape stories right
or to tell their sexual assault stories
I mean the stories that you'd hear just
walking around the halls were so
gripping so so terrifying so emotional
and and people were just you know
spontaneously combusting into tears
about this trauma from their lives and
the notion that they were being paid to
do that this is just outrageous really
but really you and John you look at this
you have a cable news house whipping up
frenzy about George Soros you have the
president United States tweeting about
it you're the Senate Judiciary Leader
talking about George Soros and this
anti-semitic conspiracy it reminds me of
exactly what we have a guests coming on
at 8:30 a very well respected man who
who we're talking about why he decided
to leave the Republican Party this
weekend
said they control all three branches of
government and yet they still act as if
they are victims of some grand
conspiracy absolutely and this goes back
I think we're looking at basically a
60-year drama here and and I don't think
we can look at it in isolation and a lot
of this conversation a lot of these
tropes is you identify them come from
the early 1950s they come from the
people who joined the John Birch Society
who thought that Dwight Eisenhower was
quote a dedicated agent of the communist
conspiracy because he worked with
Franklin Roosevelt whom the same people
believed had been
working with stalin on behalf of stalin
at the end of the Second World War
remember 20 years 1932 to 1952 the
Republicans were out of power a immense
anger rose up on the right wing I mean
now people get this way after eight
years double that and then add four
years and you begin to get some sense of
how of how these things change the other
thing about that period is we think that
now if I had a dime for every time
someone said well you know it's cable
news it's the Internet well you know
Fort Sumter was pretty bad you know the
reaction to Yalta the reaction to
Eisenhower not rolling back the New Deal
led to this mainstreaming in many ways
of conspiracy and that drove of politics
in the 1950s and 1960s at the same time
Eisenhower after that 20 year drought
put earl warren on the court put judge
brennan on the court they what did they
do 1960 1954 they integrate the schools
1955 they affirm that with a second
decision on all deliberate speed 1962
they banned sectarian school prayer they
rule for defendant rights suddenly
heading into the Nixon era you have a
conservative movement that believes that
Eisenhower had sold them out early on
then Nixon appoints four justices only
one of whom turns out to be that
conservative in the mold they wanted a
Nixon appointee writes the ROE decision
so you then George HW Bush put
statements Souter on the court this is a
long term conversation about and
momentum building about we're never
gonna be fooled again it's a it's a
Scarlet Hera thing they're never gonna
be hungry again the right is never going
to be fooled again and that's what I
think senator Graham center McConnell
they're playing off this this deep storm
system that's been building for 60 to 70
years well coming up the US Department
of Justice will soon own a condom
at Trump Tower and a half's in the
Hamptons all courtesy of Paul Manafort
will explain that plus a veteran Saudi
journalist and Washington Post columnist
vanishes after entering the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul Turkish officials
say he was murdered by Saudi agents but
Saudi Arabia is calling that allegation
baseless morning Jo we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
