The Washington Post is now reporting the
Trump's new attorney former New York
Mayor Rudy Giuliani met with special
counsel Robert Moore on Tuesday to
reopen negotiations for a presidential
interview The Post reports Giuliani
conveyed the ongoing substance of Trump
and his advisors to an interview with
federal investigators but did not rule
out the possibility most of resistance
rather most notably however is that in
that meeting
Giuliani pressed more for clarity on
when the probe is expected to end this
comes after Giuliani said last week that
he would try to bring the probe to a
speedy conclusion as he told the New
York Post I don't think it's going to
take more than a week or two to get a
resolution they're almost there I'm
going to ask more what do you need to
wrap it up well join me right now is
MSNBC political analyst Robert Kosta who
co-wrote that report in the post Robert
where's the question why why did I have
to beg Giuliani or Giuliani begged moer
to set the standards for this interview
Bill Clinton was keelhauled by ken starr
told they'll appear before a grand jury
and he had to why is there a negotiation
here at all why doesn't mom just tell
him I want you in you're under oath you
better not lie it's a it's a legal dance
at this point this has been going on for
weeks if not months Special Counsel
Mahler has been talking to Trump's legal
team when John and dad was there before
he resigned in March about how he needed
to find out about the president's intent
on key decisions he's also told Trump's
legal team that he is not a criminal
target at this point he is only a
subject and so he wants to have an an
interview not have to subpoena him to
come before the grand jury
but of course Muller still has that card
in his back pocket if he wants to use it
but at this point they're having this
legal dance trying to see if they can
come to an agreement why would mother
agree to shorten his investigation which
Giuliani is and suggesting here because
Trump agrees to testify
it's not about shortening the whole
investigation you have to think about
the Muller probe as a two-track
investigation there's the Russia
collusion aspect of the investigation
then there is president Trump's conduct
two separate areas of the probe Muller
wants to wrap
the presidential conduct report that
part of the investigation sooner rather
than later hopefully by the summer
because he doesn't want it to come out
Chris before the midterm elections
that's why I watched the interview as
soon as possible but what about the
candidate Trump's behavior in possible
collusion with the Russians when's that
going to get it I'd be a subject of an
investigation rather an interview with
the president it's more narrow with the
president's conduct as you could imagine
the sprawling Russia collusion potential
Russia collusion part of this
investigation
keeps moving in different directions you
have the mana for Rick Gates aspects
those indictments you have president
Trump's campaign operatives we've just
been interviewed we may not have any
kind of legal action being taken against
them yet they're continuing to process
across a wide array of fronts financial
political about different things that
happen WikiLeaks Rogers stone all these
different aspects of the investigation
that have come up that could take months
if not more than a year so Muller is
trying to finish one part before he
finishes another we're joined now by
former federal prosecutor Barry Grissom
Barry here's the question is this it's
hard for me to follow this because it
seems to me that the president under
investigation for all his behavior going
way back into his business career
anything to do with Russia anything had
done in there he didn't have transition
and as president why would they be
suggesting that this interview is only
going to be about the transition and the
presidency when they're leaving open the
whole question of collusion when are
they going to get around to asking him
about that under oath well I would
imagine that at some point in time that
will be asked but for the purposes of
right now we have a unique situation we
have a president who's being interviewed
unlike just your normal everyday citizen
and I think the court is going to give a
little deference just like if you
remember when President Clinton
testified there was a defined period of
time within which they could ask
questions concerning his legal issues
and I think that's what's going to be
happening here as well you know the real
it seems to me the real issue that the
president has is one of at this point
credibility you want to be honest and
you wanna be forthright particularly
you're talking to a federal prosecutor
and if if you lose credibility which is
so important in any legal proceeding but
particularly one of a criminal nature
that can really backfire on you because
if you go in to offer a proffer as an
example and the
the investigator just does not believe
you because you have been less than
candid before any number of things that
can cause you a lot of difficulty well
if I were working for mower I'd go in
there and ask him to back up under oath
all this stuff he said in public that
puts him in a you're put your middling
as we say in politics you're forcing him
to choose between what he said before in
the truth and if he says what he said
before which is not the truth he's
perjuring himself wouldn't you do that
as a prosecutor and nail him easily
therefore why would he ever go into that
room oh absolutely and I think you know
you know if it when you represent
someone in a criminal matter you want
them quite frankly to keep their mouth
shut and you want them going out there
and making your record that's going to
come back to haunt them
I mean something as simple as if mr.
Muller were to ask did you spend the
night in Russia yeah well we know that
he offered that up to Jim Comey right
away unsolicited that you know he wasn't
there we've now discovered that in fact
he was there those things are not your
credibility issues Robert said that the
other day he was with him I know he was
basically covering that event out there
the Miss Universe hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
