Donald Trump won the 2016 election on a
promise to drain the swamp to reform a
corrupt Washington he said was rigged
against the little guy you're tired of a
government that works only for Wall
Street and the special interest when the
powerful can get away with anything
because they have the money and the
connections to rig the system then
people lose confidence in our laws and
confidence in their futures there is
nothing the political establishment will
not do no lie that they won't tell to
hold their prestige and power at your
expense and that's what's been happening
promises promises Trump's administration
has been littered with examples of just
the opposite recently EPA Administrator
Scott Pruett has come under intense
criticism for alleged ethical lapses
including reports he rent an apartment
from the wife of a lobbyist and today we
learned what the president's OMB
director Mick Mulvaney tells bankers and
lobbyists behind closed doors according
to a transcript Mulvaney who was also
the interim director of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau told the
annual conference of the American
Bankers Association quote we had a
hierarchy in my office in Congress if
you were a lobbyist who never gave us
money I didn't talk to you if you were a
lobbyist who gave us money I might talk
to you if you came from back home and
sat in my lobby I talked you without
exception regardless of the financial
contributions his remarks were first
reported by the way by the New York
Times joining us right now is senator
Elizabeth Warren democratic messages she
helped create the agency that director
Mulvaney currently runs people aren't
used in politics so blunt about pay to
play so blunt let's let's just be clear
people are usually in a world where they
try to hide corruption this is now a guy
who is so corrupt it so thoroughly
pervades everything he does everything
he thinks about that he's willing to say
in front of 1,300 people that those who
don't pay me get one kind of treatment
and those who pay me I actually listen
to and maybe we'll do a little work on
those
he was working for Obama right now the
bomb was God or anything but on these
issues he was pretty close to it he
would have bumped that guy under the
canonical statement gone how does it
what does it tell you that he's able to
talk like this with impunity knowing
that his chief sent his boss the
president I states will not mind him
saying I'm running a pay-to-play
operation I'll tell you exactly what it
means it means most corrupt
administration ever the fact that
exactly the fact that Mick Mulvaney
would stand up and say that and what is
in effect a public place they knew the
press was there and that he would say it
and figured hey why not because because
that's the kind of administration he
said but I got to tell you we got to
keep calling these guys out you can't
just sit back and say what are you going
to do
the answer is you've got to call him out
on it every single time and remind
everybody this is what elections are
about to do about through it the if
so-called the EPA director he's not an
EPA director in any sense he's not
regulating he works for the industry but
he drives around like Nero and his
chariot he got first-class everything
everybody's making he's got staff
members making more than senators yeah
what is going on with this guy he just
gets away with it yeah and this is a
game I mean look the two of them are
there Mulvaney this is this is like a
pair of them that we've got started here
because they see themselves as not
working for the public yeah they see
themselves as working for those who
contribute either to their own campaigns
their own pockets or to their party and
that just that can't be how we run
government any let's talk about cronyism
we've already talked on this show a lot
about nepotism find I know they run the
operation like the Romanovs they got
Jared doing prison reform today I go
are you kidding he's also a Middle East
expert and that is the definition of
cronyism let's talk about this this
doctor this new Doc Holliday I mean the
guy is a reputation for being drunk it
is like Doc Holliday how did he get away
with this how's this been going all
these fairly dealing out percocet two
people eat the very people he's doing
security people he wants to help out
he's be bricked a government vehicle why
he's drunk well how come nobody knew
about it is stuff it's so look I don't
know why it didn't come out before but
this is the part I do know this is what
vetting is about
before you make a public statement about
somebody who's going to get a nomination
he's working he's the president's doctor
and he's got a reputation for being
drunk on the job and the president
doesn't smell it doesn't know it I mean
is it's there true or it isn't well and
but more to the point this is this is
how the president thinks he runs
government he takes a liking to somebody
he names him right he decides he doesn't
like just hearing now he denied wrecking
the car
he's also denied having ever drank on
the job so we're going to get into these
denial so they can say you know I want
to say on this one pause for a minute on
this right I get it
I'm glad John testers looking into this
the whole community since he has been
and I feel better knowing tester is
going to be in there but there's one
other part we're going to talk about the
Veterans Administration to me this is
also a big policy issue the real
question is the Republicans keep trying
to get all the little slippery pieces
into privatize the VA all three of my
older brothers are veterans they all
served and I have first-hand experience
on how important the Veterans
Administration is to our veterans and
how important it is to keep it in there
to keep it part of government not to
privatize it and so for me what's going
to keep driving around this is I want to
hear a commitment from whoever's running
the Veterans Administration they plan to
make that place whole and strong and not
to privatize the services let's start
there something else it's a part of your
broadening portfolio your armed services
now okay let's talk about that's a big
assignment what do you make of I keep
asking or yes give me your optimistic
rosy scenario for any kind of deal with
North Korea and your worst-case scenario
of what might come out of this meeting
with the President and Kim jong-un okay
so can I make this a little bit more
complicated on the the road to the rosy
no the rosiest I'm gonna start with the
roseus the rosiest is we stand by our
deal in Iran having talked to ran off
the nuclear ledge and we have very
aggressive investigation inspection on a
regular basis with Iran so that Iran bad
actor Iran but better to be a bad actor
without nuclear weapons than a bad actor
with nuclear weapons that's our model
get North Korea to the same
kind of place where you did the same
kind of aggressive inspections that they
are off the nuclear cliff they still may
be able to aim at work oh I think what
we've got to do is do you I think where
we ought to be aiming is dnews rollbacks
well thank we don't have destroy the
weapons they have but you've got to get
those weapons out of there those weapons
pose a threat not just to the region
they pose a threat to the United States
how could any President President Obama
couldn't do it president george w
couldn't do it bill clinton couldn't do
it we've been trying as a country since
the 90s at least to try to remember the
cleanse tried to give him call so they
wouldn't use that we go nuclear yeah I
mean we've tried a lot but you know the
part that keeps changing in this you
asked me for my optimistic scenario is
the allies we were never going to be
able to do this on their look we didn't
do it ran on our own you think she will
help us we China
we didn't saddle up and you know just
right it will she help us Iran
that's the question is has she now
looked over the border and said wait a
minute we've got a guy like that with
nuclear weapons right on our border whoa
we need to rethink this when that
happens then we may be able to get
something more aggressive done
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
