wouldn't you love to see one of these
NFL owners when somebody disrespects our
flag to say get that son of a bitch off
the field right now he's fired for the
president that was the exclamation point
I would have been a weeks-long all-out
assault on anthem protest in the NFL
weeks after that outburst a small group
of the league's players executives and
owners including Trump's billionaire
buddy Robert Kraft owner of the New
England Patriots met in New York to talk
about a solution but they said in that
meeting was private until today and it's
what Kraft said that's sure to get under
the president's skin in a secret
recording obtained mysteriously by the
New York Times cleavage laughs Kraft
address when he called the quote
elephant in the room the kneeling Kraft
insisted quote the problem we have is we
have a president who will use that as
fodder to do his mission that I don't
feel is in the best interest of America
its divisive and it's horrible after one
player said it was difficult to trust
the owners because they supported mr.
Trump another owner Jeffrey Lurie of the
Eagles who still hasn't scheduled a
White House visit for his Super Bowl
winning team by the way took exception
saying quote another fact I want to
throw out there many of us have no
interest in supporting President Trump
yes there are some there are some
players who do too but this is not where
you brandish a group of people because
they own assets in a sport we love
supporting what many of us perceive is
you know one disastrous presidency he
said using a vulgarity we can't say here
to emphasize disastrous then adding
don't quote me joining us now is
outspoken former NFL player Chris Kluwe
and at the table mark Leibovich chief
national correspondent for The New York
Times Magazine you can I say it you this
is your this is your beat you've got a
book coming out of the NFL it's a
terrific yeah no I have a book about the
NFL I've been working on for the last
three or four years and this is my
worlds colliding because I'm a political
reporter in my day job and then
colliding all over the place and I can
use the profanity in the book
you can use it here but just let us give
us a minute to do a little bit actually
we might need it for another comedian DL
Hughley salsa eros is a nationally
syndicated DL Hughley show eli still
here as well so let me start with you in
the reporting what it won't take us
through what you've reported today and
just you know you talked about worlds
colliding understanding the presidents
you know almost translucently
thin-skinned and the place that that Bob
craft has in his life as a famous friend
he loves to claim along with his famous
player Tom Brady this is going to hit
the president where it hurts it probably
will I mean look Robert Kraft who's been
extremely public in his support in his
longtime friendship with President Trump
is quoted in the story saying what does
he quoted saying I'll read it one more
time the problem we have is we have a
president who used us as fodder to do
his mission that I don't feel is in the
best interest of America it's divisive
and it's horrible the president will
take notice of this he obviously like
you said his translucently thin-skinned
but he's also I mean he is obsessed with
the NFL he's been obsessed with the NFL
for a long time they're sort of part of
his you know roster of unreturned
affection he's wanted into the league
for a long time and NFL owners and it's
a little like covering the US Senate I
mean they're they're really rich guys
they're almost all guys almost all white
in fact they are all white except for
like that what's that one exceptional
exactly Jacksonville a Pakistani border
shotgun but yeah the president keeps
score of this stuff and seven of the
owners I think Gabe who was inaugural
give a million dollars to inaugural
forum or in this meeting and look Robert
craft like a lot of these guys is a
politician and they will not always be
the same in public as they are in
private but if it did even the private
comments go far enough in terms of coal
I mean Trump was playing the race card
from the bottom of the deck and he it
really never abated the season ended but
I think he speaks for it there are a lot
of people in this country who feel like
if you're black and you've ascended to
the heights that they have you should
shut up and play you're grateful
well Laura Ingraham said that this from
a woman that voted for a reality star
but I'll say this it's funny it's not
too much different
does what a lot of people do he wonders
why black Americans that play football
will be worried about injustice and
brutality when they're rich but the very
physical attributes to get you drafted
NFL few big you black youth wrong you
aggressive you're strong you're
aggressive tax worked great on Sunday
but on Monday it's the reason the grand
jury won't indict so they have a vested
interest in what goes on in their
communities and Donald stunts Trump made
the quintessential mistake of
disrespecting the crop it was like if
cotton could talk they would be doing
what they do
he they they're saying that we have a
vested interest this and the ant owners
are saying you're messing our business
up you can't make these people feel like
you can't pit people against them and
make them feel like they're maligned or
we re value values our product let me
bring you in I'm guessing you're more
liberty to speak freely than than some
of these players but but they did bring
up Colin Kaepernick and one of the
players said basically that he's good
enough to be on somebody's roster and
that he's not is in and of itself a sign
of the the divisive 'no supplies the
league is that an accurate description
of the conversation about yeah i mean
basically they want to know what colin
kaepernick doesn't have a job i'm it's
pretty clear white price you want to
take a stab at answering that yeah yeah
no it's it's been remarkably consistent
from pretty much every player that's
commented on this is that Colin
Kaepernick is a good enough quarterback
to be playing in the league and this
isn't talking head analysis this isn't
some person sitting in a studio analysis
these are players that are out on the
field that are playing the game know how
well he can play the game and so
essentially they're the experts on this
matter and if all the players are saying
and I am one of those who's saying that
as well that Colin should be on 18 he's
he's not the best quarterback in the NFL
but he is by far one of the top 32
quarterbacks in the NFL and he should be
playing and Chris and European you know
Marc's reporting goes on to say that the
reporters kept returning to one
bottom-line issue large numbers of fans
and sponsors have become angry about the
protests boycotts have been threatened
in jerseys burn and more worrisome TV
ratings were declining
do you think the NFL does as good of a
job as the NBA it's sort of syncing up
sort of what's on the hearts and minds
of their players and and the mission of
the league it seems like the NBA does a
much better job at hearing their player
than the NFL does and this in this move
this sort of secret meeting and what we
learned about it doesn't do anything to
change my impression does it does it do
that for you no I mean I think what
we're seeing is that America still has a
very huge problem with racism and a lot
of fans of the NFL are also happen to be
racist and this is something that we're
not going to fix overnight but we do
have to address it we do have to try to
fix it and I think the key takeaway here
is that the owners were not interested
in acting on any of the players concerns
the owners were only interested in
trying to get good PR so they can say
whatever they want they can say they're
against Trump all they want but until
they take actual action put Kaepernick
on a team support the message that he's
saying because police police brutality
against African Americans is a huge
problem then their words are meaningless
they're they're not backing them up you
were laughing I was it's laughable the
NFL has murderers to play for them
minute beat their wives drug addicts but
a man who nailed in protests is it's
something that's that the mistake there
that I think the NFL is making is they
think that the ratings were down because
white people were accepted black people
protested it was just as much down cuz
black people were saying it took color I
know for me I was I would not watch an
NFL game until he is given a fair
opportunity to play so it's just not
white people who are in control of this
the bottom line if black people didn't
play football it would be rugby
generation of protesting players now
that you know Derrick Reed Colin
Kaepernick's became a very good
defensive back played safety five year
starter he's a free agent now I mean he
is there's no question he's good enough
to be a starting defensive back or
certainly a playing defensive back in
the NFL
he's not getting touched and there's a
reason he's that unity knelt he's Colin
Kaepernick I mean here's my question
you know coach Kerr and I'm an
unapologetic Warriors fan sorry I know
I'm not offending he like but you know
Steph Curry tells the story of saying
you know I'm not going to the white
house his coach had his back there was
no issue I don't remember anybody
protesting any Warriors games they're
still pretty tough tickets to get why
does the NFL so weak why does the NFL so
afraid of Donald Trump don't
Brian that to me is interesting I mean
listening to that three hours of tape of
these owners and talk and play can you
tell us anything else there's a ton I
mean better than the story no I mean
it's basically a lot of the owners were
cowering essentially at what Donald's
gonna do next their fear more than
racial insensitivity I mean I want to
get right back in I can't speak that's
clearly the thing that they are worried
the thing that is lurking like how do we
one get the players to stop kneeling and
- what was it about there because it's
taking off a lot of fans yeah a lot of
people apparently are calling for
boycotts there's random players who
needle I mean there's a lot of no I mean
this is the most Republican and
militaristic and patriotic theoretically
of sport but I think protectionism is
expressed by protest but I'll say this
look at the difference between the NFL
and the NBA if LeBron you could never do
that to LeBron James the players are
more in charge of the NBA the NFL is
more like actual slave owners they
actually are they are actually in
breaded in and more in that mentality
they the NFL the the owners are clearing
the most powerful the NBA the players
are collated LeBron James could go
anywhere he wanted to go he sets his
here do whatever he wants because the
power structure the structure of the NBA
is so much different than the structure
of NFL the NFL is so much more like men
when you it's like well you can't I
don't want to call it slave because I
don't know actually 20 min structural
it's just I was gonna say the NFL's
disposable labor at most you're gonna
get maybe three three-and-a-half years
on average and so the players as you
said really don't have any power whereas
NBA players you know you're playing 10
15 20 years let me get you in here on
what the president think did the
president think by the end of the season
that he had won yeah I mean the
President sees his ability to drive this
wedge and to divide people generally
that's how he won the election
effectively and he sees this this is an
issue that he's started he's not
reacting to something in the news he's
on stage at a rally calling Colin
Kaepernick a son-of-a-bitch
and that divides people and that pushes
the issue and I think you know we're
talking about how how the players in the
NFL are weak but I think Mark's story
really reveals the weakness of some of
these owners nine of whom donated to
Donald Trump's inauguration committee
Bob Kraft supposedly a friend of him and
they'll sit there next to these players
and they'll they'll say things about
Donald Trump that are more critical that
they just won't say publicly and why is
that contributed they've support him
financially and that they feel like they
don't have the standing to stand up and
criticize him that is that that's pretty
well you know what you'll never see
Stephan Clark with shoddy Sacramento the
owner of the Sacramento Kings and the
players made a they protest it and say
we're all together when a black if
there's a prominent you know if there's
a prominent case where a black man has
been brutalized in a community that has
a huge affinity for its football team
that owner will never say nothing he
doesn't listen you thinking I felt what
players would care about black men
getting killed in the streets because
we're they're probably shooting their
first-round draft picks so like but but
it clearly doesn't register to them they
clearly have a different mindset than a
lot of other sports let me just give you
the last question then we have to take a
break we've got some breaking news from
from your paper again the Eagles haven't
scheduled a visit to the White House is
that imminent not that I've heard of it
I know there were discussions go go the
way of the Warriors or you think they'll
go the way of last year's winners okay
well the Patriot I mean there's a lot of
noise around visiting the White House at
this point even the Patriots visit was
pretty noisy there were a lot of players
pretty vocally not going and Tom Brady
blew it off at the last minute for
whatever reason so the Eagles have some
those vocal players and leading Malcolm
Jenkins Chris long the owner himself you
think they go or don't go in some form I
think they go hey there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
