this weekend was a real opportunity for
a dignified respectful response
Republicans celebrated the confirmation
of Brett Kavanaugh as a victory for
Republicans activists tweeted photos of
their alcohol with the hashtag beers for
Brett sent Majority Whip John Cornyn
posted a photo of sparkling wine writing
not quite beers for Brett but bubbly for
bread instead I just don't know why this
is funny
Senator Lindsey Graham wrote it's
actually not fun not it's distressing
and they're talking about the United
States Supreme Court Lindsey Graham
don't we show what Lindsey Graham he
wrote I'm not tired of winning victory
press secretary Sarah Sanders invoked
the 2016 election quote congratulations
judge Cavanaugh instead of a 6-3 liberal
Supreme Court under Hillary Clinton we
now have a 5-4 conservatives supreme
court under President Donald Trump
cementing a tremendous legacy for the
President and a better future for
America I stopped right there really
quickly now get to Mitch McConnell and
everybody else John meets him to say it
is hard to see Barack Obama or George W
Bush or Bill Clinton or George HW Bush
are Ronald Reagan their party's gloating
this way keep going you got 400 yeah no
I've got I've got 40 more to go this is
again so unbecoming and it proves what
day traders they all I've got to say
classless in this in this respect that
that they're they're acting like it's a
high school football game when in fact
we're talking about a deciding vote on
the US Supreme Court no dignity and not
at all yeah and it's the great tell of
the process as you point out a second
ago a people war on the one hand when it
serves their purposes they argue that
this is about justice is blind this is
about qualifications and
then when it serves their purposes five
seconds later you get the dancing around
you get that a historical and
ill-informed and worst nightmare
reaction from the White House press
secretary actually putting the court
under Trump and putting these justices
in these boxes which you had just been
saying wasn't really what this was about
so it's the Claude Rains thing you know
I guess we should be shocked shocked
that there's partisanship in Washington
but what we can be if not shocked if we
can't continue to be concerned about is
the this idea of the court as just
another battle another battlefield in
this tribal era courts always been
political always will be one interesting
thing I think is that we now have a
court where we have one president one
just disappointed by the one term
President George HW Bush - by Clinton -
by 43 - by Obama - by Trump so to some
extent we now not only the way Harry
Truman said we always get the government
we deserve we now have the Supreme Court
that follows the presidents we elected
Marc McKenna now you certainly know
George W Bush very well and amounted for
very long time what's the likelihood
that anybody that worked for him putting
out a statement like that after let's
say Justice Roberts went to the Supreme
Court talking about the Supreme Court
now under george w bush and painted in
such stark ideological terms what's the
chance that they would still have their
job by the end of the day not not not
great Joe in fact what do you always
used to tell us was don't dance in the
end zone act like you've been there
before
it's your question Joe about turnout I
think the fundamental answer is very
easy it's whose matter that who is
matter who's mad and that's who's gonna
turn out and it was interesting to kind
of see that swing over the last couple
of weeks because when the it looked like
the vote was gonna be rushed through two
weeks ago or a week and a half ago
Democrats suddenly got energized then
suddenly when the big
we went into overtime last week and I
was on Tennessee in Texas and
Republicans were really activated but I
suspect now given the outcome there may
be some complacency on the Republican
side and Democrats activated but the
thing that I had thought about a lot
last week was John McCain you know where
where we missed his voice now I'm not
saying where he would have landed or
ended up but I'll tell you what he would
have put everybody through an acid bath
on the process on both sides and so I
was thinking WWJ MD what would John
McCain do and I got a stamped and a
bracelet here and I want to send it to
all 100 senators just think about that
because the process was ugly unfair
unjust and needs to be changed
I've got the first person you can send
that to his name's Lindsey Graham who's
behaving
he's just the antithesis of what John
McCain was through his entire career he
obviously learned absolutely nothing
working alongside of him
so Mike a bigger question for Democrats
they now or well they now have a court
with four people appointed on that court
from Republican presidents who got
elected while losing the popular vote
and the United States Senate now is
controlled by about 18 percent of the
population and if you look at the
primary process the the most extreme
elements in that 16 percent of the
population this is not a time to say
that we need to rework the Constitution
of the United States that's not the
problem the problem is that the
Democrats don't seem to know how to win
west of the Hudson are east of Reno
isn't this a good time for the
Democratic Party to re-examine who they
are and figure out whether they want to
get outside of their blue bubbles on
both coasts so they can start winning
Senate races in middle America again and
start figuring out how to appoint
Supreme Court justices well Joe I think
the Democrats have to sit down as a
group and decide who they are and decide
what the country is all about I don't
think they know what the country is all
about this was an extraordinary
narrowly depressing sequence of events
that this country has just been through
and headed by what happened over the
weekend where you have the Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell choosing
ideology over the country in terms of
his celebration where you have the press
secretary to the President of the United
States clearly unaware that there are
three independent branches of government
the legislative the executive and the
judicial and as Jon Meacham pointed out
in her tweet or whatever it was or
statement you know that the under
Hillary Clinton a Supreme Court justice
we won't have them under Hillary Clinton
the justices are supposed to be
independent now people confuse you know
the politics of the process people are
used to that but it's just
extraordinarily depressing that what has
happened over the past few days and it's
even more depressing I think for
Democrats to see that not a single
democratic voice really was raised in in
opposition to what Lindsey Graham did
during the hearings by calling out
Democrats not a single Democrat said
whoa whoa whoa wait a minute not won
something wrong there amid celebrating
the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
defended his previous decision to block
former President Obama's Supreme Court
nominee Merrick garland saying the move
was entirely consistent with the history
of the Senate senator how broken is the
Senate said it's not broken and we
didn't attack Merrick Garland's
background and try to destroy him we
didn't go on a search-and-destroy
mission we simply followed the tradition
in America which is that if you have a
party of the different a different
Senate of a different party than the
president you don't fill a vacancy
created in a presidential year that went
all the way back to 1888 you have to go
back to 1880 to find the last time a
Senate controlled by a different party
from the president confirmed a Supreme
Court justice to a vacancy created in
the middle of a presidential election
they also conveniently forgotten the Joe
Biden said in 1992
when he was chairman the Judiciary
Committee Democrats control the Senate
Republican in the White House if a
vacancy occurred they wouldn't fill it
they also conveniently forgot the Chuck
Schumer and Harry Reid 18 months before
the end of Bush 43 said if a Supreme
Court vacancy occurred they wouldn't
fill it right but mr. leader I don't
think that's right in 1956 Eisenhower
nominated Brennan that the 84th Congress
was a Democrat controlled and also on
the Biden rule Joe Biden was talking in
the abstract there was no nominee no
nominee was blocked and he said to not
have the nomination come up before the
election but that it could come up after
the election and so what Democrats say
when they hear you doing this is they
say he's creating new rules to
essentially do what he wants to do and
as you've written in your book the long
game when you do that it actually hurts
democracy yeah well that's not exactly
that's not at all what happened John
you're completely misconstruing what
happened what I gave you is the history
of this I know the history of this I've
spent a lot of time on this throughout
my career what I did was entirely
consistent with what the history of the
Senate's been in that situation going
back to 1880 well I think the 1956
example and also in 1968 later in the
election cycle when a Democratic
president puts somebody forward the
Republican leader worked with him to get
that person a hearing and get him
towards the Supreme Court which is not
something that you did a vote at the
time there was a Democrat then it was a
Democrat in the White House at a
Democratic Senate but the Republican
leader or the time John you are not
listening to me the history is is
exactly as I told you a ho oh really
like a used car salesman this car only
has three tires on it no no it's got
four tires on it I'm not listening to me
it's got four tires he that was well
first of all a good job by John
Dickerson and now they're moving the
goalposts to a different party's pretty
soon you meet I suppose if it serves him
there will be a leprechaun rule then oh
no we can do it if there's not a
leprechaun who's a vice president it's
just
he's changing history he's adjusting
facts to suit his purposes today but of
course the great concern is the long
term ramifications even when Democrats
get back in power perhaps it goes you
know Harry Reid changed change moved the
goal posts now you have Mitch McConnell
moving the goalposts and the question is
what comes next how undignified can this
process become well I've talked to
Democratic sources who say if only we
had a Mitch McConnell there are a lot of
Democrats who are looking at Mitch
McConnell and say yeah what he did was
changing the rules what he did was in
some ways despicable and many people's
minds but he also played the long game
in bed his entire party's future on this
idea that he could control the Supreme
Court if he just had enough time and he
did that he was able to say I'm not
gonna even look at Merrick garland even
if it might have hurt the Republicans in
the 2016 election for whatever reason it
didn't hurt them enough to not get
Donald Trump elected then you have
Donald Trump elected and he was able to
fill that seat so you have a lot of
Democrats who are saying we need to make
sure that when we talk about changing
our Democratic leadership I'm thinking
of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer that
these we still have to remember that
these are people who understand how the
Senate works and can deal with these
same rules in the same way that Mitch
McConnell does because Mitch McConnell I
mean there is a win there for
Republicans that's undeniable what it
does of course for for the what
Republican party when you look at
Millennials when you look at women and
you look at the way that they see what
Mitch McConnell did is a whole nother
story I can't help but think Jon Meacham
that as you say about so many other
things Mitch McConnell's actions are
short-sighted they're a good starter
they're pretty lousy finisher in the end
people will look back in this period of
history in the Senate is a shabby Senate
with a short-sighted selfish cynical
majority leader who cared more about its
political party in his own political
ambitions than the country itself yes I
said that in the country itself read
history it doesn't it seemed fairly
obvious that that's exactly what Mitch
McConnell's done well Senator McConnell
has become if you're looking for
a partisan warrior in chief if you're
looking for an archetype of a hugely
effective party leader in a party
leadership position in the Senate I was
just sitting here trying to think of
arguably a more effective one I suppose
they'll grate the legend of Lyndon
Johnson in the 50s but imagine just in
30 years almost 40 years now this shift
from Howard Baker the Tennessee senator
revered longtime minority leader becomes
majority leader think about leaders like
Bob Dole and you move from
institutionalists to a figure who has
unapologetically become not brilliant as
much the leader of the Senate as the
leader of his party in the Senate which
is a difference those other men who were
not perfect did see the institutional
role as being critical to what how they
conducted themselves I don't know if
you're defining victory in terms of
seats confirmed which is the way Senator
McConnell has done this it's hard to
it's impossible to argue really with
with his record he has in not
single-handedly because his majority
let's be honest be clear he didn't do
this by himself he had the rest of his
caucus with him and Joe mentioned who's
now an honorary member of the caucus
then you've got someone who has defined
his mission again he's unapologetic
about it he's weaponized that history
very selectively but I think that
ultimately we're going to look back on
this and could think of it as the
McConnell era had to some extent as much
as the Trump era well yeah I'll tell you
Mika there's so much that Harry Reid did
in the years before Mitch McConnell
became Majority Leader that was bad for
the United States Senate that
that it I doubt it will be called the
McConnell era if we're just talking
about the decline right of the United
States Senate as an institution as our
founders saw it as the the saucer that
cools the coffee this if what John is
saying is the case this will be looked
back as the Harry Reid Mitch McConnell
era and all the country will be poor for
us thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
