tonight I'm obsessed with the idea that
Donald Trump and Emmanuel macron of
France have been engaged in some kind of
presidential bromance McCrone addressed
Congress today and actually it turns out
there's a lot they don't agree on you
just have to know how to listen people
know my views on the Iran deal it was a
terrible deal it should have never ever
been made we signed it boss the United
States and France that is why we cannot
say we should get rid of it like that I
was elected to represent the citizens of
Pittsburgh not Paris let's face it there
is no planet be when we're behind on
every single country trade wars aren't
so bad a commercial war opposing the
lies is not consistent with our mission
with our story with our current
commitments for the global security if
we don't straighten out our border we
don't have a country without borders we
don't have a country but closing the
door to the world will not stop the
evolution of the world it will not doubt
but inflame the fears of all citizens so
on Iran on the Paris climate Accord on
immigration and on trade there's more
than a little daylight between these two
doesn't mean that the bromance isn't
real just that like any couple they have
their disagreements and perhaps but
Crone is showing how you disagree with
Donald Trump without him coming across
back at you is disagreeable maybe a
little Merkel would like to find that
out she's gonna find out tomorrow
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
