please listen up for this the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau is supposed
to protect consumers from predatory
practices of financial companies so why
would acting director Mick Mulvaney
advise banking industry executives on
ways to diminish the bureau's power and
influence the New York Times reports
Mulvaney told bankers at the American
Bankers Association conference on
Tuesday they should press lawmakers hard
to pursue their agenda he then casually
went on to explain his own pay-to-play
rules for lobbyists when he was a
congressman saying quote and and this is
a quote so nothing's being taken out of
context this is a quote we had a
hierarchy in my office in Congress if
you're a lobbyist who never gave us
money I didn't talk to you if you're a
lobbyist who gave us money I might talk
to you he made sure to point out the
constituents were at the top of that
hierarchy Wow
joining me now scene DC contributor and
principal at risk reversal Advisors dan
Nathan on with my panel David jolly and
Jason Johnson dan I'm gonna get you but
I got to go to you first David you're a
former congressman you're a lawyer you
tell me what pay-to-play is yeah so
first of all disgusting behavior whether
illegal or not but this gets right to
the line of illegality is called the
honest services fraud and it's one of
the statutes that prosecutors often use
to go after public corruption it is
highly criticized as being a little too
vague courts sometimes like it sometimes
I don't but honestly we have seen weaker
honest services fraud cases brought up
against public officials compared to
what Mick Mulvaney admitted to yesterday
it was wrong and frankly I think the
American people should see it as being
illegal likely never be prosecuted but
it's it should be illegal behavior dan
what is the financial industry think
about this if you think about bank CEOs
they have spent the last eight years
trying desperately to get better
reputations in the public eye to build
up their compliance departments and then
you got Mick Mulvaney saying this and
you could argue the CFPB was an
overreach we don't need that agency but
you still need that agency's work he's
freezing all investigations there's no
new ones he wants us to get less data
from banks
and he might even be lessening up
regulations on payday lenders the worst
of the worst you could make that
argument that there was an overreach but
yet his agency just actually gave Wells
Fargo a 1 billion dollar fine for
proprieties that they have you know
produced since the financial crisis you
know for years now they've been actually
you know numerous sorts of fine listen I
think the timing of that comment to
bankers is really interesting when you
think about 2018 what's really gone on
here the committee to save America has
been replaced by the committee to do
fraud America this guy feels emboldened
you know by basically what's going on
now we have all these you know trunk
Trump you know loyalists here like
acting in which they think that they can
you know I mean doing what they can do
right now I mean it's really pathetic
okay but remember this is the we're
gonna drain the swamp and I need to
share another quote where he said
fundamental underpinnings of our
representative democracy and you have to
continue to do it he is talking about
lobbying lawmakers this is this is how
you work with lawmakers you pay you meet
with them wasn't the whole idea with
this administration let's get the
lobbyists and the money out the story
was supposed to be from Trump I'm so
rich that I won't be influenced by money
and it didn't really play out that way
and it seems like everybody else is in
its administration whether it's whether
it's Mulvaney or basically saying hey I
want a slice of the pie as well this is
how I play the game if I were in the
financial industry I'd be livid because
this is opening up the door everyone
else is now gonna say well cool now that
the cats out of the bag here's what you
gotta pay in order to even get into the
room and talk to me
but Jason what's really interesting
about that is Wells Fargo you know is
gonna be one of the biggest
beneficiaries of this tax cut they're
expected to maybe have a 3.7 billion
dollar gain dropping to their bottom
line so they're gonna pay back a billion
dollars in fines you know it seems like
a pretty good trade for all intensive
purposes especially if you're a Wells
Fargo Cheryl well yeah and this is all
look this is already a friendly
administration to banking this is
already a friendly administration from
the standpoint of getting rid of
regulation but I also think as a as a
constituent it's just an American
citizen you have to be disgusted that a
member of our administration whether
it's an elected official whether it's an
administrative official has basically
said I don't talk to you if you ain't
got the cash
that's not how government is supposed to
work
when you have someone who says it so
lately it is not chastised it's not
chastise doesn't have Mitch McConnell
doesn't have Paul Ryan doesn't have
members of Congress saying hey look you
need to take that back you need to walk
that back that's what shows us that's
the kind of anger that's leading to a
certain point Mick Mulvaney said it
let's say he made a mistake or let's say
it was a screw-up he could apologize and
say you know what
where is Mitch McConnell worse Paul Ryan
on this diamond is happier to know there
look they're guilty as well I actually
introduced legislation in Congress that
said no member of Congress may directly
solicit a contribution to try to remove
them from that process it is easy to
beat up on lobbyists my political
opponents like to remind people I once
was one but I think we need to make sure
and scandals like this we focus on who
holds the public trust the person who
holds the public trust is the elected
official or the administration official
if they are being unduly influenced
that's the person we target our scorn to
that's the person we kick out of office
or that's the person we indict okay then
Dan what do you think this financial
regulation should look like
one could argue dodd-frank and the vocal
rule went too far or they were hurting
mid-sized banks but now it almost seems
like you know the party's back again and
the party says wasn't that long well
it's back at the wrong time right we
said look at what like an unemployment
look at where the economy is so if
you're gonna roll back regulations at a
point you're gonna mold in banks to do
some of those risky practices I mean
here's a guy
well veiny actually didn't think this
organization should exist when he was in
Congress right and he took money from
payday lenders you know lobbyist for
payday lenders now they're rolling back
regulation on subprime auto subprime
home and remember subprime mortgages
that's what got us to the financial
crisis one of the biggest beneficiaries
of that disaster one of the presidents
you know favorite advisors during the
campaign John Paulson yeah so I know the
risk is that the timing of the
deregulation is really bad where the
economy is running really hot interest
rates are starting to go higher you know
we have commodity prices going higher
and so this is just adding more fuel to
the fire fire and then go back to that
tax cut right so you know the timing is
not particularly great
I think big banks were most concerned
you know you just mentioned Jamie duck
they were most concerned about capital
levels those sorts of things I think
there's more of these regional banks you
know they were saying that this was
affecting small business lending that
sort of thing but look at where we are
with the economy look at the
beneficiaries of this tax cut I think
that it's probably overreaching the
other way now if we're gonna roll back
all this stuff that kind of helped
normalize this process after you know
listen the financial crisis almost
brought the global economy to its knees
okay so I think a little overreach is
probably okay
I think normalization is fine too but
going too far the other way is gonna be
a real problem
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
