last November governor-elect Phil Murphy
was pumped to start his new job now ten
days in is he still jumping for joy
hundred days they excuse me it's he
still jumping with those moves the
Democratic governor of New Jersey Phil
Murphy joins us now I think you're
wearing the same sneakers now that you
had on that night Willie had the same
kicks on got some nice elevation I'm not
sure I get the same elevation warning so
you're a hundred days in I was thinking
about we played yesterday a clip from
President Trump about a hundred days in
and he said I thought the job would be a
lot easier then it's been he talked
about how how challenging it was at how
maybe he didn't expect it a lot of
challenges in your state note New Jersey
when you walked in what's the job been
like for a hundred days listen it's not
easy but I'll tell you we've made a lot
of progress with a long way to go in
fairness a hundred days is sort of one
of these artificial moments in time and
so this is a work in progress but we've
moved the needle I mean this is a state
where we're digging out of a mess and
we're having a deal with the Washington
reality every day you know sort of our
frame is if we don't make economic
progress we can't make social progress
and if we don't make social progress we
can't make economic progress so that's
you know we've signed yesterday I signed
the strongest equal pay law in the
United States which I'm incredibly proud
of we've we've funded Planned Parenthood
again we've got automatic voting rights
we're banned offshore drilling of oil
and gas so we're we're putting some runs
up on the board so far so good
but what a good ways to go a lot of
people I know like from New Jersey a lot
of people I know and corporations in the
state talked about the tax burden yep in
the state of New Jersey as a as a
gorilla on their backs that they can't
get off what are you doing to alleviate
some of that yeah so this is a state on
its best day that was a good value for
money state you never went to New Jersey
because it was the low cost place right
you went there because you've got a rich
basket of stuff back for that the
problem is over the years the premium
has gone up up and up on the basket of
Shrunk so I view my job as getting
control of the premium growing the
economy crack in the back of property
taxes in particular and then investing
in the middle class in that basket of
stuff in public education higher ed
pre-k master
and we think we can get that that
equation back into balance and that that
will work for families it will work for
business axes will come down I think
they can come down we have to grow the
economy though and I'm optimistic we can
you know we're a state that used to rely
on the innovation economy you know we
were Silicon Valley in many respects
before there was a Silicon Valley
infrastructure is a big deal for us
given our location I think if we can
reclaim those economies we're gonna get
this thing rockin again your neighboring
state New York there's a big primary out
of it has one issue has come up about
legalizing recreational marijuana is
that something that you would do to
consider helping offset property taxes
as a revenue stream it is something we
would consider frankly although there's
revenue associated with it it's for us
much more a social justice issue
we have and I'm it's a surprise to many
we have the widest white non-white gap
of persons incarcerated in America it's
not the only reason but the biggest
reason is low end drug crime so we want
to legalize adult use marijuana it'll
get the business out of the bad guys
hands and into the right hands it'll
protect our kids we can tax it we can
regulate it and yes at the end of the
day it'll it'll generate revenue
governor Casey Hunt has a question for
you in Washington hey Casey hi governor
it's nice to see you this morning you
have said that you want to get involved
in your state's congressional races
there are two retirements three
competitive seats my question for you is
how many Republicans do you think there
will be in the New Jersey congressional
delegation at the conclusion of this
election cycle it's a good question so
we have 12 House seats at the moment
seven of our Democrat five our
Republican two of the Republican seats
are being vacated I'm not sure I've got
a precise answer for you but my gut
tells me given the very low popularity
of the president if you see a wave
election
I could see Democrats getting three or
four of those five seats four and on a
really good day I'm not sure we can get
to five we're gonna jump in in a big way
after the primaries in June we've also
got a u.s. senator at the top of the
ballot Bob
so I'm strongly supporting so this could
be a big year for us in those House
races so governor Abbott of Texas came
at you a little bit yeah I could about
the taxes in the state of New Jersey
we've mentioned it a while ago your new
budget has 1.6 billion dollars in new
taxes he says hey New Jersey
corporations come to Texas what's your
response to that well listen I got
nothing against Texans I get a lot of
friends from Texas but I do have
something against against the leadership
there listen the new jersey is a state
where you get what you pay for so I'm
not ever suggesting it's the low-cost
place to be but you get top three public
education in the country top three
health care among the best universities
in the nation infrastructure that works
with all due respect to the governor
Abbott you know you've got a very
middling public education system and
you've got a very low end health care
system you get what you pay for and
that's my response to the governor you
also have a great beach house available
to you too yes we used when the state
government is open and careful when he
does that Beach has New Jersey Governor
Phil Murphy thanks so much thanks great
to see wait to be here still had the
future of the president's pick for VA
secretaries in question amid some
troubling allegations the president says
he would not want to go through that
confirmation process but what will
Ronnie Jackson do Plus President Trump
says he likes the president of France a
lot and we've got the video to prove it
morning Joe we'll be right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
