willie geist a lot of news to cover
other than North Korea other than France
including an election out in Arizona
that was a lot closer than both sides
thought yeah deep red district in
Arizona has some Republicans kind of
scrambling this morning Debbie Lesko
kept the seat vacated by congressman
Trent Franks in Republican hands but her
five point margin of victory pales in
comparison to president from 21 point
victory in the district in 2016 and Mitt
Romney's 25 point win in 2012 this
despite a surge of outside Republican
money to save that seat joining us from
Glendale Arizona ms NBC correspondent
Vaughn Hilliard Vaughn good to see this
morning so this was expected to be a
relatively close race relative because
the district has been so deep red for so
long but perhaps even closer than many
Republicans thought it would be yeah
really I spent more than a month there
in Alabama getting following Doug Jones
the Democratic his ultimate victory to a
Senate election there followed pa-18
Conor lamb this willie though I've got
to tell you actually grew up just down
the road just outside of the district
lines here and if somebody had told me a
mere three years ago that I'd be
returning to Arizona to cover a
congressional race a closed
congressional race and Trent Franks
district he's the congressman that
resigned this winter I'd have to ask you
what happened to this country what
happened to the Republican Party and
what we saw here over the last several
days is a district that was really the
backbone of Sheriff Joe Arpaio's reign
in this state for more than a quarter of
a century Jan Brewers rise this was an
area that is about 80 percent of the
voters were 55 plus but just like over
in PA 18 we had conversations with
people coal miners that were saying coal
miners pension benefits were the driving
issue for them you go around here and
you talk to independents and talk to
Republicans and what do we constantly
hear over the last week it was education
teachers here are gonna be walking out
tomorrow from classrooms and when it
comes down to it he wrote super Nini the
Democrat we say you know talk about
whether she fit the district or not she
spoke to the issue that was most
prominent here in this district well
Debbie Lesko try to run more as the the
Trump we're running on the Trump agenda
I want to play you sound with three
Republicans that we talked to
here just before the polls closed what
party are you registered how do you
usually vote I'm registered as a
Republican usually about Republican yes
this selection I voted for Democrat
pepra nene is looking for change and we
need it and we need to make a future for
our children here in Arizona and have
good schools for them and we won't have
that if we keep up in the same road that
were on now and that's a big reason you
voted for the Democrat today yes why
vote for hero Stephanie I felt like she
was more forthright in the program she
wanted to support in education Lesko
seemed more of a trump supporter than
one who wanted to go to Congress to get
things done your Republican you said
education that's an important issue
absolutely the most important education
we're not number one here in the state
of Arizona there needs to be a change as
a Republican you're concerned you guys
what I'll take away from the
conversation here over the last week is
much like conversation I had with two of
the Parkland students Alfonso and
Charlie who said that it was time for
them to be the ones negotiating on gun
control reform what you heard from those
Republicans they're saying that we
teachers educators were the ones that
now don't need to begin negotiating
these deals ourselves well in 2016 the
country elected the the so-called
populist candidate well you're hearing
our moderates Republicans taking this
situation into their own hands and as we
saw last night saying that just because
you're a Republican isn't good enough to
get our vote well and Hilliard who's
been all over that race and all the
special elections this year great
coverage thanks so much fun good to see
you Bob Kosta Steve Israel said earlier
on this show there have been a lot of
Canaries in the coal mine for the
Republican Party but this might be the
loudest one strong reporting there from
Vaughn and wood another point to add
about this Arizona district is that
Trent Franks was dogged by the sexual
harassment scandal that forced him from
office so just like in that Alabama race
he have Republican candidates dealing
with personal controversy as well as
this coming potential Democratic blue
wave but you are seeing it's not just in
the Rust Belt in the Midwest and
in those areas that President Trump did
well in in 2016 but it's also the Sun
Belt in the southwest of the country
where suburban voters because of issues
like guns are starting to turn if you
look at certain polls you know but Bill
Kristol you also can look at I mean this
obviously a this Vaughn said just a
rock-ribbed conservative district or a
total Republican district you can also
look deep south though Tennessee the
Democrats are ahead and quite a few
polls in the Tennessee Senate race
Mississippi much closer than anyone
expected Alabama obviously elected a
Democrat a lot of Republican Congressmen
in South Florida can be facing some
tough challenges this this potential
blue wave is going it seems right now at
least to be going deep into the heart of
Trump country yeah I think so and I
think just analytically right now the
chances of Republicans losing the Senate
are greater than the chances of
Democrats not taking the house that is I
think the chances of Democrats winning
both houses are pretty good now is that
it's more complicated because there are
all these Pro Trump states with
Democratic incumbents but this is a big
I mean there was no scandal in this race
there's a pretty good Republican
candidate she had plenty of money she
had more money than the Democrats and
they still underperform by somebody put
every excuse me by such a margin that if
that were translated across the country
the Democrats would easily win the house
and then I think Senate seats as in
Arizona itself that's it that's a
district that Republicans need to win
pretty big to hold Arizona at the Senate
level if this replicates itself it's
dangerous for them and it is kind of it
was kind of a generic race there was no
boy more scandal there was no
particularly bad candidate one way or
the other both candidates have plenty of
money so I think it's very bad for
Republicans the strength is my view that
this election day will be big in its own
right it's obviously important if
Democrats win the house and or the
Senate it changes the dynamics for the
next two years but the day after
election day for Republicans something
to you and I have talked about a lot Joe
is very important that's the Mobile
Republican stop justifying the vote in
2016 for Donald Trump they stop
justifying working with Trump over the
last couple
years Gorsuch the tax cuts whatever
whatever one thinks of that and they
have to confront the issue do you want
to be nominate Donald Trump for four
more years are you are you confident
enough that this is going well that
you're gonna sign on for another term
you can't do anything about the fact
that he's president so maybe you have to
work with him that's been the you know
general Republican attitude I think the
day after election day things change
more than people realize in terms of
Republicans psychology and dynamics so
you think they'll really these
Republicans have been so criticized on
Capitol Hill for not crossing Donald
Trump will wake up this November and all
of a sudden turn on him well they'll
need a little help for people like me
and from you know your beginning that's
but I think it really changes partly
because it becomes a prospective choice
for now it's all been Oh Billy er to
tell you know ryubi's president what do
you want to do we have to work with him
we have business to do with the
administration then I understand some of
that the policy decisions are okay and
etc etc he was president he has the
magic sauce was he one where McCain and
Romney lost your degree with this and
this such been such a big deal for
Republicans right psyche miraculously
pulled us inside straight and won the
presidency suddenly they lose one or
both houses and again they really have
to confront the prospective choice
suddenly on November 7th 2018 or what do
you want
I mean he's president for the next mrs.
impeach for the next two years but are
you comfortable with another four years
of this crate level of craziness and
chaos you don't have to agree with Bill
Kristol don't think it was always a
mistake you can say that was reasonable
to try to disrupt things drain the swamp
at make you know bring change much
better than Hillary would have been but
going forward isn't there a better
alternative so I think assuming
Republicans do poorly which I think they
will by November 6 I think the the
current notion that hope Trump's
unchallengeable in the Republican Party
he's got an 83 percent approval and all
that I think that could change pretty
fast but you know we kept hoping that
all along I mean this is a conversation
we've been having for almost three years
now with Trump what I wonder is after
the midterm elections with Republicans
is do they double down on trying to be
having these conservative primaries
going forward trying to play to that
base and probably potentially losing and
going to the abyss for a while or do
they come back and say we have to do
what's right for our districts we have
to have where moderates are needed we
put in moderates we go against the
president where Ness
it's going to be a very difficult choice
for a lot of these Republicans to make
and it will lead to a lot of infighting
especially on the house side when we
know speaker Ryan's stepping down being
minority leaders no fun and being
minority leader of this conference of
the Republican Conference the way it's
looking will just be a nightmare couple
with Trump at the top of the ticket in
2020 they're kidding themselves they're
smoking something if they think they can
distinguish themselves from Trump at
that point with him on the ballot good
luck so I think you're right but I think
that as the logic of things seeps in
they realize it's not enough for them to
say some nice things about education or
gun control they have to confront the
question are they comfortable with
Donald Trump going forward viii
nominated by their party thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
