mr. president they're all saying what a
great relationship we have and they're
actually correct it's not fake news
finally it's not fake news so it's a
great honor great honor that you hear
but we do have a very special
relationship in fact I'll get that
little piece of dandruff oh we have to
make him perfect he is perfect
That awkward moment was just one of many
public displays of shall we call it
affection between President Trump and
French president and Manuel McCrone
later we'll have more on that the two
held a series of diplomatic meetings
ahead of this evening state dinner in
private the most contentious topic was
expected to be the Iran nuclear deal
Trump wants out as you may have heard
McCrone is trying to convince the u.s.
to stay in the president didn't make any
commitments are you willing to consider
staying in the Iran deal but we're gonna
be talking about it we'll see I mean
people know my views on the Iran deal it
was a terrible deal should have never
ever been made we could have made a good
deal or a reasonable deal that the Iran
deal was a terrible deal they restart
their nuclear program they will have
bigger problems than they have ever had
before Trump also signaled optimism
about a potential meeting with North
Korea but drew criticism for these
comments about that nation's
authoritarian leader and as you listen
to this remember fire and fury kim
jeong-hoon
was he really has been very open and I
think very honorable from everything
we're seeing open and honorable with us
tonight Christopher Dickey a veteran
foreign correspondent the paris-based
World News editor for The Daily Beast
and a longtime MSNBC contributor and
Eugene Robinson longtime foreign
correspondent himself and now these days
a columnist for The Washington Post who
happens to own a Pulitzer and is also an
MSNBC contributor Eugene I'm gonna start
with one of your newly minted Pulitzer
Prize winners at your newspaper MS
Ashley Parker who has done it again
tonight about
about the body language between these
two guys let's call it dandruff gait she
writes the interactions throughout the
visit said Patti would a body language
expert and author of snap making the
most of first impressions body language
and charisma largely fall under a
category known as gamesmanship in
calling out McCrone alleged dandruff
this a first for this broadcast as I
know it is you Eugene
she said trumpet well did something
called primate grooming it said we have
an intimate relationship but I'm
dominant I'm the Alpha gorilla I'm going
to groom you would said but I'm going to
criticize you by saying you have
dandruff and I'm going to do that on the
world stage and see how you handle that
Eugene take it away
I'm so confused bragging does the Alpha
gorilla really groomed the beta gorilla
or is it the other way around I thought
it was a form of flattery to the big guy
but anyhow it did seem to me to be some
sort of primeval shall we say display of
dominance that the touching the
suggestion that that the the beautifully
groomed mark wrong was had dandruff
there was as Ashley also pointed out
really so much touching involved not
just the not just the brushing of the
dandruff but the hand-holding and the
and everything else that went on today
this is clearly you know when when I was
covering Europe we always said the US
and Britain that was a special
relationship I think this is clearly the
special relationship of the moment
between micro intro I urge you and all
our viewers to stay tuned for our final
segment tonight which just might
catalogue the tactile relationship
between these two guys so Chris Dickey
longtime friend of ours literally an
American in Paris here on home leave for
a brief time serious us up here what
how is McCrone visib you'd right now at
home
and what are the deliverables he's gonna
be able to bring back to France from
this trip well you know I think he has
to bring something back from this trip
he has to bring some kind of concession
back otherwise even the French will be
embarrassed by all these kissing and
hand-holding and everything else he
can't look like Trump's pawn yeah he has
to look like the smart manipulative man
that in fact he has always been who
actually is trying to steer Trump toward
what the French would regard to be a
more sane policy visa the Iran visa be
Syria and I think he's showing some
success you know it's true that Trump
came out and said yes it's a terrible
deal with Iran but then a macron came
out and said look okay it's a terrible
deal with Iran but let's keep that let's
keep the gains we have and then let's do
new deals about Iran's missile tests
let's do a new deal about what happens
when the current one expires and all of
that is creating a framework that could
allow Trump to say he'll keep the Iran
deal in place but he's going to push for
these other things with his good buddy
in menuhim at home hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
