a French President Emmanuel macron is
trying to be Donald Trump's new best
friend to save the world to save the
world from possible future World War
three sparked by Iran's possession of or
use of nuclear weapons that is what is
at stake in President macrons public
friendliness and charm offensive with
President Trump nothing less than trying
to prevent World War 3 or some lesser
nuclear catastrophe by trying to
preserve the deal made by the United
States and five other countries to
prevent Iran from developing nuclear
weapons and president Makran is also
trying to convince President Trump not
to impose harmful tariffs on France and
other European countries tariffs that
would be harmful to France and would be
harmful to the United States in other
words Emmanuel macron spends all of his
time with Donald Trump trying to prevent
Donald Trump from doing harm to himself
his country and the world and of course
president Makran is obviously far more
intelligent and articulate and wise and
younger and more attractive in every way
than Donald Trump
and that has to drive Donald Trump just
crazy crazy to the point of possibly
pretending to see something that only
his 71 year old eyes can see mr.
president they're all saying what a
great relationship we have and they're
actually correct it's not fake news
finally it's not fake news so it's a
great honor great honor that you hear
but we do have a very special
relationship in fact I'll get that
little piece of
we have to make him perfect he is
perfect if he is perfect he was perfect
before Donald Trump touched him because
there isn't even any photographic
evidence that there was a piece of
anything on the perfect French
president's perfectly fitting suit coat
that was more likely Donald Trump's
buffoonish attempt to exercise some sort
of superiority over the French president
who did not find anything on Donald
Trump's ill-fitting jacket that he
thought he had to remove it was Donald
Trump's way of saying Makran might be
perfect but I am more perfect and
moments later as that photo op in the
Oval Office was ending present Trump
answered a couple of reporters questions
about the Iran deal and then ABC's
Jonathan Karl squeezed in a question
about pardoning Michael Cohen stupid
question I guess stupid stupid question
the last words copyrighted software for
translating Trump language to what Trump
actually means shows that stupid stupid
question actually means that is the best
question of the day and I have no idea
how to answer it but I spend the day
thinking about nothing else it is the
most difficult question Donald Trump is
facing tonight in the White House the
question of pardoning Michael Cohen and
here is the hardest part of that
question from Donald Trump and the
people working for him who have no doubt
been ordered to figure out the wording
the drafting of a possible pardon for
Michael Cohen for the president to
consider for what pardoned Michael Cohen
for what pardons are granted for
specific crimes usually for specific
crimes that the person has been
convicted of that's what President Trump
did in his practice pardon of Sheriff
Joe Arpaio who had been convicted on the
federal charge of contempt of court
that's what President Trump did in his
spring training pardon of Scooter Libby
who was convicted of obstruction of
justice and lying to investigators
while working in the bush-cheney white
house but Michael Cohen hasn't been
convicted of anything hasn't even been
charged with anything so pardon him for
what President Trump
issued the Scooter Libby pardon days
after Michael Cohen and president Trump
were shocked by the FBI raid on Michael
Cohen's home his office his hotel room
in his safety deposit box in Manhattan
several observers have noted that the
sudden pardon of Scooter Libby in the
same week as the Michael Cohen raid was
probably intended to show Michael Cohen
how ready the president is to use his
pardon power for his old friend Michael
Collins and after pardoning Scooter
Libby president Trump delivered the
message through one of scooter Libby's
lawyers that he didn't even really care
about scooter libby i saw him and i
talked to him when he gave scooter libby
a pardon and he was thrilled
he called me and he said listen i don't
know this guy all I know is he got
screwed and I am so happy to give him
his life back the message to Michael
Cohen is if he'll pardon scooter libby
obviously he'll pardon you listen I
don't know this guy his Trump speak that
means I don't care about this guy
president Trump has done everything he
can to communicate that he does care
very much cares about his old friend
Michael Cohen who is in the worst
trouble of his life which means Donald
Trump is in the worst trouble of his
life because Michael Cohen's email
signature still says Michael dqo and
Esquire personal attorney to President
Donald J Trump and when your personal
attorney gets rated by the FBI you are
in trouble
federal investigators who are poring
through the evidence in the Michael cone
radar no doubt pouring through mentions
of Donald Trump's name and possibly
recordings of Donald Trump on the phone
with Michael Cohen recordings that
Michael Coleman was known to have made
and kept and that is why everyone is
talking about the possibility of Michael
Cohen flipping and becoming a governor
what a government witness against Donald
Trump the President himself has tweeted
about Michael Cohen possibly flipping
saying he doesn't believe Michael Cohen
wolf
you heard on this program Jay Goldberg
who served as Donald Trump's attorney
for decades and knows Michael Cohen
insisting that the three there is more
than a 99% chance that Michael Cohen
will of course flip and testify against
the president and so there is no more
urgent question in Donald Trump's life
then what can I do to stop Michael Cohen
from flipping which leads immediately to
the question of pardoning Michael Cohen
which is easier said than done for what
pardon him for what President Trump
could wait until Michael Cohen is
charged with something and then pardon
him for that
prosecutors are no doubt ready for that
so they perhaps could charge Michael
Cohen with one thing to see if the
president pardons him and if Michael
Cohen gets a pardon then maybe federal
prosecutors will come back with more
charges that require more pardons the
most famous and most important pardon in
American history was delivered by a
president to a present President Gerald
Ford's pardon a former President Richard
Nixon a month after President Nixon
resigned the presidency that pardon in
that part in President Ford chose a very
unusual form of pardon the president
Trump's lawyers are no doubt studying
tonight here is the exact wording of the
most important pardon in American
history now therefore I Gerald R Ford
president of the United States pursuant
to the pardon power conferred upon me by
article 2 section 2 of the Constitution
have granted by these presents to grant
a full free and absolute pardon unto
Richard Nixon for all offenses against
the United States which he Richard Nixon
has committed or may have committed or
taken part in during the period from
January 20th 1969 through August 9th
1974 it was a calendar pardon President
Nixon was pardoned for any possible
crimes committed during a fixed period
of time on the calendar that covered
every day of his presidency not one day
more
one day less if Donald Trump wants to
pardon Michael Cohen right now that's
the kind of pardon he would have to
issue a kind that would pardon a time
period and not a particular offense okay
so what time period to keep Michael
Cohen out of federal legal trouble
Donald Trump would have to offer a
pardon that extends backward beyond the
statute of limitations for every
possible federal crime that Michael
Cohen could be charged with and that
would extend long before the time of the
Trump presidential campaign and the
explanation of that part would be the
Trump speechwriters greatest challenge
yet
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
