and late today the ranking Democrat Ana
Veteran Affairs Committee John tester of
Montana addressed the allegations on NPR
they've fallen in three different areas
improper dispensing of prescription
drugs repeatedly drunk while on duty
while traveling and creating a toxic
work environment he is a physician for
for the President and in the previous
administration we were told the stories
there were he was repeatedly drunk while
on duty where his main job was to take
care of the most powerful man in the
world that's not acceptable
we didn't initiate this discussion this
discussion came when we were notified by
folks that work with Admiral Jackson
folks in the military about behaviors
that had happened and we were just
followed up with as many leads as we
could get
well Kansas Republican senator Jerry
Moran says Admiral Jackson denied
allegations of a hostile workplace and
said he never had a drink while on duty
never had a drink while on duty that's a
hell of a statement
NBC News caught up with Admiral Jackson
early today you've seen the allegations
a hostile work environment allegations
of a potentially drinking on the job
over prescribing medications are you
saying those are categorically untrue
I'm saying III I'm looking forward to
the hearing so we can sit down and I can
explain everything
to everyone in the answer all the
Senators questions no there was not
thanks guys I appreciate it
sir you're definitely not withdrawing
you're going to continue this processor
well senator tester and the Republican
chairman of Veteran Affairs Committee
Johnny Isakson announced that they would
delay Jackson's confirmation hearing
until further notice well this is just
the latest of president Trump's
hand-picked hires to come under fire
Labor Secretary nominee Andrew putz der
withdrew his nomination after scrutiny
over his personal and professional
practices national security adviser
Michael Flynn was forced to resign and
the cloud of a rushed investigation of
course Rob port of the president's White
House staff secretary was forced to
resign amid allegations of domestic
violence and tonight a senior White
House official tells NBC News that
Jackson met with President Trump in the
Oval Office late this afternoon it was
described as a positive meeting that
White House official also says dr.
Jackson's record as a White House
position is impeccable his improved unit
morale received glowing reviews and
promotions under Republican and
Democratic presidents and has been given
a clean vet from the FBI the latest I'm
filming Kristen walk our White House
correspondent b/c news Robert Koster
Washington Post national political
reporter and MSNBC political analyst and
Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut I want to start with the
reporting from Kristen this doesn't
stack up impeccable record everything's
fine no blemish on it and and yet drunk
on the job from a number of sources
including the senators the ranking
Democrat on the veteran samaras
committee serious choice in itself
Ronnie Jackson has denied those
allegations Chris White House officials
say they're not true and as you pointed
out there are some lawmakers on Capitol
Hill who also say that's what they heard
from Jackson I also spoke to a former
Obama official a top official who said
there was no indication that Ronnie
Jackson was drinking on the job and yet
there are these very serious allegations
I spoke with one official who said look
Jackson has the right to defend himself
and for his story to be told and that's
the bottom line here Chris there's
really no indication that he's planning
to withdraw we know that he met with the
president earlier this evening a
conversation that was described as
positive and I think what you're going
to see now is a more robust
effort from this administration to try
to defend him at the same time you're
right these are very serious allegations
and they do go back to some extent to
that IG and this is semantics it was an
assessment ordered by the way by Ronnie
Jack's Minh and it really looked into an
issue that he was having with a
colleague the assessment determined that
there was a lack of leadership largely
due to that back and forth with a
colleague but he stayed on in the Obama
administration serving as President
Obama's physician so you heard President
Trump saying he's going to stand by him
but at the same time giving him that
fascinating off-ramp so that's what
we're all looking for but again just to
stress tonight all of our reporting
Chris indicates that he has no plans to
withdraw at this point let me go to
Robert Kosta I want to ask you Robert
about that a usual thing that the
unusual statement the president said
today when he was with President Brett
Cohen he seemed to be saying I've got
this plank you can walk I wouldn't stick
around on this boat anymore I wouldn't
take the heat from the from the critics
and the median of Democrats I'd walk if
I were you that doesn't sound like a
bouts of support for him talking to my
sources tonight inside of the West Wing
they say the president clearly opened
the door for dr. Jackson to walk out of
the confirmation process but at the same
time he's not pushing the doctor out he
he feels a loyalty to him due to the
rapport and the relationship they've
developed inside of the White House and
he does not have a viable person at the
top of his mind should he move on from
dr. Jackson so at this moment the White
House is standing by him let me go to
senator Blumenthal it seems like
president Trump has come to office with
a dearth of names no binder of names if
you will that quote Mitt Romney of
people that would even qualified and an
appropriate to serve in public service
he doesn't know you so he meets them
physician who serves him at the White
House and takes care he says oh you
could run this job who could he's never
run anything really and he's gonna give
a job running an agency with 140,000
people in it or something he doesn't
know anybody he comes to this office not
only without knowledge of people who are
dedicated to public service but also a
disdain for public
servus a malign neglect not a benign
neglect for the Veterans Administration
which is one of the largest agencies in
our government and they in effect
disrespect for our veterans by
nominating someone who has been
improperly vetted as have been as you
pointed out well so many of his other
nominees I counted more than 20 nominees
have been withdrawn for exactly these
kinds of reasons what do you make of
this hurly-burly approach to these
nominations where he doesn't seem to be
ready vetting if this guy's got a
drinking problem people know about it
these are not secret drinking problems I
mean it could be functional but
everybody knows but I can smell it if
it's a problem and keep in mind Chris
these profoundly serious and credible
allegations were brought to us on the
Veterans Committee I'm a member and our
staff is now looking into them
investigating them but the White House
failed presumably to do its due
diligence and now it has to provide
answers so far I'll be very blunt
it has stonewalled us it has failed to
provide that Inspector General report
from the Navy it has barred me as a
member of the committee to view the FBI
background investigation and its vetting
failure and refused will be more
forthcoming I think virtually dooms this
well let's go through the charges and
whether you believe they're credible
based upon what you've gotten in
testimony so far drinking on the job
being drunk on the job repeatedly
drinking on the job and repeated
drinking problems certainly merits
requires investigation where are you on
it and I want to know well you're not
sure yet and the reason I am unsure and
holding Judd withholding judgment is
that I want there to be a credible
investigation which so far the White
House has failed knew so the Navy needs
to investigate through the Inspector
General we will investigate through our
staff on the Veterans Committee and the
White House needs to do its job
second question hostile workplace
environment did you get that kind of
credible charge against him have you
heard it we have seen it in the 2012
inspector general report again
withholding judgment we need
investigation we need
what the facts are and correct this
disservice okay finally because I see
the pattern here you're not sure but
over prescribing of drugs is a serious
charge we have an opioids problem within
the country over prescription and you
know the president's doctor has been
accused of this each of these
allegations are profoundly serious and
they are explosive
I see no path forward virtually no path
forward to this nomination right now
because of how serious these allegations
are Kristen let's go back to you because
I really count on you to get the
straight scoop on this White House and
as always every night and I wonder how
do we evaluate the president's sort of
predilection for picking pals our family
members Jared Kushner his son-in-law
becomes our Mideast expert or his
daughter travels to China and represents
our country there he seems to have a
very small circle of people he knows and
when therefore give these
responsibilities to rather than going
out to a recruiter or somebody and
trying to find the best people for the
job and in this case Chris the criticism
from the start has been that he picked
Ronny Jackson because he was someone who
he warmed to had a good relationship
with but remember that briefing that
lasted for over an hour that really
remarkable briefing in which Jackson
gave the president a clean bill of
health the thinking is that the
president thought he looked the part of
being the VA secretary despite the fact
that he didn't have any background in
managing a major government agency like
the VA the second largest agency that
there is and I spoke with an advocate
for veterans earlier today who said look
the issues go back to that and their
frustrations go back to that point that
he would appoint someone who doesn't
have a background in that which is so
vital to really trying to get this
important agency back on track it's
something that we've seen over and over
again here at the White House Chris well
dr. Jackson made Admiral Jackson in fact
made his first public appearance when he
fielded questions from reporters on
Trump's physical back in January here he
is making an incredible statement about
the
that's genes being with the president on
a day-to-day basis that has been
impressive to me is he has a lot a lot
of energy a lot of energy and a lot of
stamina some people have you know just
great genes you know I told the
president that if he had a healthier
diet over the last 20 years he might
live to be 200 years old I don't know I
mean he he has incredible he has
incredible genes I just assume Robert
what do you make of that report from
23andme I mean there he is the genetic
your wonder of this president he can
live the 200 if he stopped eating
hamburgers that's an unusual medical
assessment I think for a presidential
physician physician hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
