you talked to a lot of different people
and you've achieved a level where you
have become something of an elder
statesman in hip-hop thank God age is a
blessing
age is a blessing to 40 I'm happy to be
alive here you were speaking to a young
up-and-coming and very controversial
person in music Takashi six nine I don't
know but I don't think there's a
lifetime I don't think you should be
bringing that kind of energy on yourself
but listen I'm gangsta I'm a gangsta I
don't dislike your music I'm just
concerned about you as an individual I
think you need not be concerned about me
21 21 and you got influence over these
kids and I think that you might be
putting the wrong but nah I'm not right
you know why I think what are you trying
to convey to him well first of all you
need to thank me because he's getting a
look on our mobile to show on the beat
so he likes to say people - cloud
chasing you got a lot of clout just now
cuz last six nine but now I'm just
telling him the truth I'm talking to him
the way that my old jeans talk to me I'm
talking to him the way my father used to
talk to me I'm talking to him the way my
uncle used to talk to me to teach us
parental figures you talk to me like if
you don't change your lifestyle that's
what my father used to say to me you
gonna end up in jail dead or broke
sitting under the tree cuz you can't
keep putting that energy like that out
there and not expected to return that's
just the way to gang go so only thing I
can do is tell him you know but
something sadly can't be explained they
need to be experienced cuz when I was
his age you couldn't tell me nothing
either I had to put my hand on that
stove and get it burned in order to
learn man this stove is really hot well
we started with Kanye and we're ending
with Kanye you can't tell me nothing
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
