all right Ivana Trump is in the news the
president's first wife is suggesting
that her ex-husband should not consider
seeking a second term Ivana who remains
close to the 45th president says he
doesn't need to run again in 2020 quote
I'll tell you something I don't think
it's necessary he has a good life and he
has everything
Donald is gonna be 74-73 for the next
election maybe he should just go and
play golf and enjoy his fortune adding I
think he probably misses a little bit of
freedom I don't think he probably knew
how much is involved of being the
president it's so much information you
have to know the whole world so touching
off on that Joe writes about this notion
in his latest column in The Washington
Post I'm going to read from your piece
Joe it's really good you're right it's
becoming clear that Trump won't run in
2020 while the president and his team of
misfit lawyers have reason to tread
carefully under stormy legal skies
Republicans on Capitol Hill can relax
it's becoming clear that Trump will not
be running for president in 2020 White
House Office polls reportedly set up in
anticipation of the next staff firing
are shifting their focus to predicting
which Trump family member will be the
first to land behind bars special
counsel Robert Muller's independent
investigation into Russia may have
inspired a defiant West Wing response
but the US Attorney's raid of Michael
Cohen's home office and hotel room where
he's been living has stirred more fear
and loathing inside White House offices
than at any time since President Richard
Nixon battled Watergate prosecutors in
the summer of 1973
now even Trump's most steadfast allies
are quietly admitting that the Southern
District of New York's investigation
poses an existential threat to his
future both politically and legally
Trump allies are telling the president
his fixer could flip for the feds just
like Michael Flynn Rick Gates and George
papadopolis in Washington and across the
country Republicans are sensing the
president is a wounded
political figure leading them to
withhold their future support Jo so Jean
it's simply what Ivana Trump said in
that interview it's it reflects what
I've heard quietly from a lot of people
that are very close to Donald Trump and
him have been very close to Donald Trump
for quite some time that is he's first
of all he's citing turning 72 I think
soon he's not having a good time in the
White House yes he loves the trappings
but he loves money more he wasn't
expecting to win this thing he and the
family were just as shocked as the rest
of the country when he defeated Hillary
Clinton he's it's a he amuses openly in
the press this is much more difficult
than he expected it to be he has to work
a lot harder than he expected himself to
work and also for a guy who's who's
focused primarily on money he sees
what's going on in the Southern District
of New York and I'm sure you've heard
your sources have told you the same
thing that my sources have been telling
me over the past week the mood has
turned dark I mean they believe the
Southern District of New York
investigation ends badly for a lot of
people involved yeah I think because
it's hard to figure out how it ends well
right be I mean it this is right I gotta
be a mother lode for a federal
prosecutor who who can obviously make
make make something out of it and
something bad for the White House and
you know President Trump does not seem
to be having fun most of the time except
when he's doing what he always did
disciplining is down in in mar-a-lago
playing golf or Colin you know and
schmoozing with his with his buddies and
you know it when McCrone is throwing him
a parade I think that he enjoyed but
other than that II he seems to be in a
pretty sour mood about this whole thing
as you said he didn't really expect to
win I finds himself in the situation and
as is his nature doesn't want to back
down doesn't want to you know wants to
bow through it but Ivana Trump as far as
anyone knows is still in touch with him
pretty regularly and you have to wonder
if her speculation is informed
speculation and comes out of out of her
contact with the president and Willie
white why doesn't Donald Trump just say
again and this isn't wishful thinking
it's just we've known Donald a little
bit before he was president Trump this
is not his gig this has never been his
gig it was a PR stunt that went wildly
wrong he he actually the dog caught the
bus and I just wonder you know he can go
to his country clubs over the next four
years and he's 45th president the United
States they just I wonder is if his
heart's not in it if he wasn't expecting
to win in the first place why does he
sit around for eight years and continue
to put himself in greater legal jeopardy
yeah and I think of listening to the
conversation that you know and I this is
true I've heard the job's not fun it's
not supposed to be fun it's the most
difficult job in the United States
supposed to be an honor but it's not
necessary supposed to be fun remember he
gave that interview last year about a
year ago to Reuters where he said I had
a great life previously and I thought
this job would be easier that was his
quote I thought it would be easier well
I think he probably had some
misconceptions about the job I mean you
could see him going out of some kind of
a martyr I guess in 2020 and say I did
what I came to do in Washington I shook
the place up I made the appropriate
people mad I changed the game and now
I'm walking away but I also think you
know his psychology pretty well Joe that
the idea of being a two-term president
is something that is probably pretty
appealing to him for history well yeah
and you know the fit is I mean that's
the question mica there were an awful
lot of people who were close to Barack
Obama who mica said after 2010-2011 he
did not enjoy his job and if he could
have been a one-term president
without the state of being a one-term
president he and Michelle may have
walked away from it then but he stuck it
out I'm not so sure that Donald Trump
would do the same thing and again people
who know him best politically have said
if somebody like Mark Cuban comes in and
decides to run against him in the
Republican primary right he's he's just
not gonna deal with that if if other
billionaires come in that look like
they're ready to pound him day in and
day out for the next couple of years you
know he enjoys being at mar-a-lago he
enjoys flying around he enjoys being on
his golf courses he doesn't enjoy being
chased by federal prosecutors around the
clock and as long as he's in the White
House there's going to be an
investigation going 40 you can just look
at the investigations that have started
here they're only going to multiply well
on it I think the the biggest thing is
that he doesn't understand how to do the
job some would argue that he's
completely he doesn't understand the job
the fact that he was as Willie said he
was telling Reuters that the job was a
lot more difficult than he thought it
was going to be you know that's this is
a problem that so many CEOs and so many
business people have looking at
Washington are movie stars or people who
haven't been there they think oh it's
not that hard I'm just gonna go in there
I'm gonna speak my mind I'm gonna change
things up mm-hmm God how many times have
I heard that that's like somebody that's
like somebody getting a baseball player
going you know what brain surgery it's
not that tough I'm just gonna go in
there I'm gonna cut open the skull and
I'm gonna pull out the cancer it doesn't
work that way there's not a more
frustrating job in America than being
president of the United States and if
you go in there excited about the
trappings of it and excited that
generals and admirals are going to
salute you you have no idea what you're
getting into because Madison and
Hamilton and our founders deliberately
put together a system that frustrates
people who think they're going
to grab power and have things their way
that power is divided 435 ways up in the
house 100 ways up in the Senate you've
got a court system a state court system
a federal court system district court
supreme I could go on on and then you
have the bureaucracies that everyday are
tugging their way it takes somebody who
knows government and who loves
government to make that government work
and to be honest with you we haven't had
anybody in the White House that's loved
government in a way that's required to
make government work since Bill Clinton
in the 1990s forget ideology forget who
you love forget who you didn't love Bill
Clinton understood it was a battle he
understood checks and balances and he
understood that you couldn't go around
making enemies he told me one time the
best trade a president can have is a
short memory because you're always
having to make a deal tomorrow with
somebody who beats you up the day before
Eugene Robinson thank you very much for
being on this morning we'll be reading
your new column in today's Washington
Post entitled Trump golfed instead of
going to Barbara Bush's funeral that was
a good thing Wow picture of mica you
can't see you know it's a great picture
but you don't see him in there no no you
just you can't imagine it Steve Kornacki
stay with us please and still ahead on
Morning Joe new reporting on former
national security adviser H R McMasters
time in the White House he apparently
thought that Trump could understand
complicated issues but was soon advised
to use pictures when explaining things
to the president oh dear God
it's just painful we'll talk to the
writer behind that profile I had on
Morning Joe we'll be right back I
thought it would be easier I thought it
was more of a
I'm a details oriented person I think
you would say that but I do miss my own
life this I like to work so that's not a
problem but this is actually more work
and while I had very little privacy in
my old life because you know I've been
famous for a long time I really this is
this is much less privacy than I've ever
seen before
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
