thirty-six past the our interest rates
have been rising emits growing concerns
about the effect of rising federal
budget deficits on an economy that is
already near full employment Steve
Rattner has charts on this Steve what
you got well what I got is to show you
how this is basically a self-inflicted
problem if you look at what's been
happening to things that are going on in
Congress over the past year so and so we
can show a chart that shows you that the
deficit before Congress got involved in
all of this over the last year was going
to be four hundred and forty billion
dollars in the coming fiscal year which
is obviously a significant amount of
money but in the last three years we've
done a number of things first of course
we have the famous tax bill two hundred
ninety billion dollars of which only
about thirteen percent goes to the
average American the rest is for wealthy
Americans and for business we had a
bipartisan spending deal that got passed
not too long ago to increase by more
than ten percent spending on both
defense and non-defense matters and that
was bipartisan in the back in 2015 we
did a bunch of stuff to fix some budget
gimmicks and things like that also on a
bipartisan basis and what it all ends up
with is that we're looking at a budget
deficit for the coming year of a
trillion dollars with projections that
show it's simply going up from there and
so more than half 55 percent of the
deficit we're looking at for the coming
year is stuff that Congress has done in
the last couple of years so Joe jumpin
yeah so you're saying that if Congress
had actually stuck to their word kept
their word and if they hadn't busted the
budget caps that they put in place in
2011 we would be looking at a deficit of
four hundred and forty billion dollars
instead of over a trillion that is
correct that is the gist of the spending
caps and also the tax cut that they gave
which weren't mostly to business and to
wealthy individuals yeah that is exactly
right when you have politicians I mean
different politicians I think Paul Ryan
said it himself or that you know there's
nothing that we could do about it it was
going to move this direction no matter
what that's just not true this was
actually this deficit is we've strapped
this deficit on our
and on our children and added to the
debt based on specific things they've
done just in the past three years that
isn't correct and we've done it at
exactly the wrong time I think many
would argue now if we take a look at the
next red I'll show you why typically
high deficits are associated with times
of recession or high unemployment you
can look at 2009 for example when we had
nine point three percent unemployment
you look at nineteen eighty three where
we had nine point six unemployment those
were all periods of high deficits but
now we're sitting here at an estimated
four percent unemployment as we sit here
today but estimated to go down to three
point three and yet we're also looking
at a deficit that is still over four
percent as a percent of GDP the last two
times we were in that zone of deficits
relative to GDP were in 1992 in 1976
when we had over seven percent
unemployment and so when you have
deficits this large at a time of low
unemployment you're simply going to
drive up wages than prices and create
inflation and that's a large part of
what the credit markets are worried
about what sounds like we're just
throwing fuel on the fire we have an
economy that yen sitting at low
unemployment with with with fairly good
growth not massive job growth but fairly
good growth what about inflationary
concerns so do you see that coming
well I think the markets are starting to
see that coming and that's why you have
headlines like this one in The Wall
Street Journal today that basically says
Treasury yields are nearing a milestone
they're going to go they're heading for
three percent for the first time in four
years and so the market is getting
increasingly concerned about about
inflation coming now the Republican
alternative or their argument is we're
going to grow our way out of this and
that the tax bill is going to create all
this growth but if you take a look at
the last chart you can see there's a
fair amount of difference a difference
over that point of view so the tax cuts
have advocates say well if you just get
another four tenths of a percent of
annual growth revenues will increase and
this deficit will go down we won't have
that problem the problem is that not
many people agree with it the Tax
Foundation which is right-leaning
thinks you might get 0.3 percent but
then you look at a whole passel of very
independent forecasters from Goldman
to the CBO to Moody's to the IMF and
they're all looking at fractions of one
fractions of 1/10 of 1% and the IMF
actually thinks the growth might even be
a bit less than it otherwise would be
because of all the deficits that were
created the CBO says next year we get to
a trillion dollar deficit what does that
mean to people watching home as a
practical matter I think people see your
big numbers your charts debt and deficit
these monstrous numbers what does it
mean to somebody at home what are the
consequence that you Willie for bringing
me back to reality oh my my my
presidents up in this we have the charts
in our lives look what it means first it
means a number of things first as we
talked about rising interest rates it
means more inflation it potentially
means it certainly means much more debt
down the road that it's gonna have to be
paid for by all of our children one way
or another eventually you're going to
have to cut benefits you're gonna have
to cut spending and I have to do stuff
to rein this in and so it is it is a
burden on a price that we're putting on
to our children what kind of a threat or
danger does it pose to the United States
within the global economy well within
the global economy it's interesting we
are the only country out of all the
major countries that report that is
projecting rising deficits going forward
rather than shrinking deficits going
forward and what one of the things that
rising budget deficits do is they
exacerbate the trade deficit that Donald
Trump is so worried about because they
suck in imports and they and they cause
us to run larger trade deficits so it
does reduce our standing in the world
economy all right up next senators Rand
Paul and Chris Coons will both join the
conversation this morning plus we've
seen some big swings and special
elections this year is Arizona next
voters are heading to the polls this
morning Steve Kornacki joins the table
ahead on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
