no intention of firing that's the
official White House line on whether the
president will fire special prosecutor
Robert Muller or mother's supervisor
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
as we've said many times before we have
no intention of firing the special
counsel as far as I know the president
has no intention of firing these images
remember when the president had no
intention of firing national security
adviser Michael Flynn who has since
pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI
remember when Donald Trump had no
intention of firing his next national
security HR McMaster remember when
Donald Trump had no intention of firing
Reince Priebus Anthony scarab Moochie
who was fired 11 days after he was hired
Rex Tillerson the list goes on and on
you've seen Rachel's giant wall of names
and so we now know that with Donald
Trump though intention of firing really
means this right now he has no intention
of firing them good for him for adding
the right now that's all it means is
right now tomorrow morning or five
minutes from now is a very different
story and just about everyone who the
president has publicly speculated about
possibly firing does eventually get
fired or resigns and what may or may not
have been a firing the president
publicly toyed with his Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson in a threatening way
for months before eventually firing him
and so everyone working in the Trump
administration knows they can be fired
in any moment even if that moment is
right after the moment when the White
House says the president has no
intention of firing you Attorney General
Jeff Sessions is now threatening to quit
if the president fires rod Rosenstein
according to a report in The Washington
Post on Friday former Deputy Attorney
General who was briefly acting Attorney
General Sally Yates spoke about the
importance of keeping rod Rosenstein in
his job last night on Showtime's the
circus
while everybody understands how
important it is how essential it is
really get Bob Muller stay in place it's
really equally essential to the rule of
law that rod Rosen Stein's stay in place
because you can have a profound impact
on the mower investigation through the
Deputy Attorney General I've seen them
trot out various reasons that I would
actually call excuses to fire rod Rosen
Stein but there doesn't seem to be any
substantive reason other than wanting
someone in that position that the
president could control this weekend the
president's customary weekend of Twitter
Madness included this tweet which has
the classic Trump fingerprints of
misspelling in this case the word
council which indicates that it was
actually written by the president
James Comey illegally leaked classified
documents to the press in order to
generate a special counsel therefore the
special counsel was established based on
an illegal act really does everybody
know what that means
well what that might mean is that the
President believes that because James
Comey admits to having legally leaked
parts of his memos of conversations with
Donald Trump to the New York Times that
the president now has every right to
fire Robert Mahler because rod
Rosenstein chose to appoint a special
counsel in part because of the
information contained in the Comey leaks
in the series of interviews James Comey
did last week he repeatedly said that he
didn't think the investigation of the
president could be stopped by firing rod
Rosen Stein or Robert Mahler several
legal experts have suggested that the
federal case in the Southern District of
New York involving the president's
former associate Michael Cohen is safely
proceeding outside the range of the
president's ability to fire anyone in
that investigation and this weekend a
political article by law professor Corey
Brett Schneider says that one way to
guarantee the continuation of the Muller
investigation is a possible sealed
indictment of the President
if Trump were to fire Mahler and already
filed sealed indictment would outlast
Muller's tenure a sealed indictment can
only be dismissed by a judge
meaning Trump cannot rid himself of a
legal headache simply by terminating a
special counsel a sealed indictment
would also ensure that the statute of
limitations for crimes Trump might be
charged with would not expire the
article speculates that Muller would be
able to obtain a sealed indictment
because of the high likelihood that the
president would fire Rosenstein and
Muller if an indictment were made public
and so a sealed indictment would allow
the special prosecutor to lock in a case
against the president while continuing
to follow the investigation wherever the
evidence leads
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
