the old film star Jessica Drake now
breaking her silence he's gonna join me
live in just a moment here's the context
you'll recall one of the big questions
in the entire store McDaniels case is
whether her ability to speak out without
punishment may embolden others there are
new signs that's happening consider miss
Daniels releasing that sketch of a man
she says threatened her to stay silent
about Trump which the White House has
denied well Jessica Drake now says she
did indeed hear Daniels make the same
allegation at that time miss Drake also
says that Trump offered her ten thousand
dollars for sex allegedly during this
2006 Lake Tahoe vet Jessica Drake was
one of the women who chose to speak out
when it counted politically before
Americans cast their ballots right in
the middle of the 2016 election when we
entered the room he grabbed each of us
tightly in a hug and kissed each one of
us without asking permission
Donovan asked me what do you want
how much after that I received another
call from either Donald or a male
calling on his behalf
offering me $10,000 within a week Trump
lawyer Michael Cohen we've been
discussing and finalized that NDA to
keep stormy Daniels quiet it also
mentions Jessica Drake as someone
confided in by stormy Daniels under one
of those many student names miss Drake
joins me now accompanied by her lawyer
Gloria Allred thank you both for being
here thank you for thank you miss Drake
why are you speaking out now and what do
you want people to know I'm speaking out
now not only to support stormy but
because women deserve to be heard and
believed and also my name coming out on
swamis NDA I needed to speak out press
has been asking repeatedly and it's time
when did you learn about your inclusion
in that NDA or was it along with the
rest of us when it leaked it was along
with the rest of everyone when it leaked
and
and they put my legal name with my
performer name media actually showed up
at my private home and on this point
about who said what when you have said
publicly that that miss Daniels is
telling the truth of course as you know
the president has called her by
implication and you and others he
referred to basically all the women who
made these kind of accusations as Liars
what is it specifically that you know
that backs up her story or her veracity
well I was actually present in the room
where we were first with Donald in the
hotel room in Lake Tahoe and I met him
early that morning and sort of was able
to watch the entire situation unfold
shortly after that I was told what had
happened that night and over the years
have gotten more details about it as
well and you say point-blank he offered
you money for sex the offer was made I'm
I took it as if it was for sex because
the calls that came prior to that were
mr. Trump wants you to join him in his
hotel room and then when I was speaking
to mr. Trump himself on the phone he
asked me come on come on up what do you
want how much and then the numbers
started to come and I have to ask this
although I just mean it in the steak of
clarity do you know any reason why he
would think or there would be evidence
or indications that this was a
interaction where money would exchange
hands was there something that he was
led to believe or was this his idea that
he was introducing into the conversation
it was nothing that I had led him to
believe but to some people simply by my
profession people are under the mistaken
impression that we are always available
for hire Gloria what do you see as the
key legal issues here well first of all
she did not even know Jessica did not
know that she was listed by stormy
Daniels as a person
whom stormy had confided information
about Stormies relationship with mr.
Trump she didn't know that until after
until it became public
stormy never told her Michael Cohen
never told her if the likelihood is that
neither of them wanted Jessica who's
listed by her legal name on that
document to know that there was a
settlement and that the settlement was
confidential that's not unusual I've
done many many confidential settlements
and the person who wants to know who
else was told in other words the person
paying this settlement is trying to
assess the risk about how many people
know what
for example Stormi is alleging and then
they assess the risk that those people
in whom she had previously confided
might disclose or might not disclose in
this case stormy knew because she had a
close relationship and friendship with
Jessica Jessica's not the kind of person
who would have disclosed that confidence
and Jessica have you caught any of the
news coverage of James Comey or the the
memos recently I have so you may be
familiar that he relates that when
Donald Trump repeatedly brought up the
allegation unverified regarding the
potential contact with prostitutes in
Moscow one of the things he said to the
then FBI director according to James
Comey one of the ways that he sought to
rebut that was to say that he Donald
Trump was not a person who would ever
choose to need to want to pay for sex in
your experience with him based on what
you're now speaking out publicly does
that sound right to you or conflict with
your experience well first I just like
to say that I I don't think that it's
paying for sex in this equation that was
so offensive to me what was so offensive
to me was when I initially met him and
was in his hotel room he grabbed me and
kissed me without my consent and so I
mean I'm an adult performer I also
identify as a sex worker
was not okay with me was the physical
contact that he made with me that night
in his hotel room was without my consent
and when he did start asking me to spend
additional time with him that night he
wasn't really taking no for an answer
and he was upping the ante every single
time I turned him down understood and I
know from watching the time you
initially spoke out which as we know it
was before the election you were clear
at that point on that point as an
important one and Gloria I believe has
spoken to that and represented people in
that capacity I asked about the Comey
part because it's very significant
because it's a huge debate between James
Comey who says the president insisted
that he would never as a categorical
matter seek to pay for sex and in in
your story it sounds like that is what
he at least proposed it felt that way
Gloria and I want to emphasize that as
Jessica just said it felt that way to
her but in in fairness to the President
and I do like to be fair to him even
though I oppose many of his policies
jessica is not saying that he said
specifically this $10,000 if in fact
that's what he said is for sex but
apparently that was for her to come up
to his hotel room
so I guess everybody can draw their own
conclusions from that it certainly does
look suspicious and I've got to say I
appreciate the nuance that you're both
bringing to to the facts were part of
this as well as the judgment part
Jessica I would be remiss if I didn't
play for you what the president said
publicly in the very period of time when
several women as you were emphasizing a
moment ago we're coming forward and
alleging something different than what
store mediators allege which was what
they viewed as misconduct by the
president and this was his response as a
candidate at the time every woman who
lied when they came forward to hurt my
campaign total fabrication
the events never happened never all of
these Liars will be sued after the
election is over with the benefit of
hindsight we've seen the President did
not make good on on that part of the the
promise to sue your response based on
everything that's come out that we've
learned as of now it's infuriating it's
infuriating for me to be called a liar
it's infuriating for me to be called a
liar that's essentially the reason that
I'm choosing to speak out now I feel
like I've held my silence for so long
and I've seen and heard so much
it's just I'm I've had it never really
had it and NRE
if as in when the president Trump
decides to tweet or otherwise speak
about Jessica in a way that is
defamatory he should be reminded that
when he defamed my former clients
summers air votes we filed a defamation
lawsuit against him and we were
successful in that the court allowed us
to proceed with that lawsuit over his
objection where he thought that the
president somehow should be immune but
the court found that no man is above the
law including the President of the
United States so you make sure I
understand your peril let me make you
understand are you saying tonight that
what the president says and does will
determine whether or not you file suit
that's absolutely correct we have it go
ahead Jessica sorry something else that
he said that was very upsetting was in
reference to me during a radio interview
he said of course she's been grabbed
before she's a porn star and that
perpetuates rape culture and sexual
assault apologists and it infuriates me
as well even an adult film star has a
right to say no to unwanted sexual
advances she didn't like that kiss on
the lips when she entered his hotel room
she had a right to objected object to it
and no woman no matter her occupation is
required to say yes to sexual advances
and
shouldn't affect people's believing in
us either and that's why I'm speaking up
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
