and breaking news out of Antioch
Tennessee moments ago police tweeted a
picture of the accused Waffle House
shooter in custody
NBC's Maya Rodriguez is it is with us
again live from Antioch Maya what more
do we know now yeah well Katie we do
know that he was taken into custody
literally 1.3 miles from here it is a
very short distance from here near a
wooded area we are told there's an
elementary school not too far away
Cambridge elementary a lot of these
schools had been on lockout they had
canceled afternoon activities because
again this search was ongoing Jim
Cavanaugh who is a retired special agent
in charge of the ATF he's been with us
all day we were chatting this morning
and one of the things you mentioned was
if he was still out there and he was
desperate he needed to basically find
something to eat and find a way to get
away right and a fugitive like this
who's on foot he's got to get a car he's
got to get some food so he's probably
breaking into a house which is what we
believe he was doing when he was
apprehended and we look at the pre
incident behavior ready when he stole
the BMW he got the keys he stole the car
so he's looking for car keys he's
looking to get out of Nashville somehow
they picked them up on the B&E so it's
good news for Nashville neither he's
confessed and water point out KD
Nashville PD has released some photos of
him being taken into custody I want to
point out that he is wearing clothing
that was an issue obviously when this
shooting happened he was only wearing a
jacket he was partially clothed that was
what people have been looking for at
some point they say had put on pants but
lost the jacket
he was wearing clothes not clear where
those clothes came from at this point
but we do know that he had stolen a
vehicle last Tuesday police announcing
that just a couple of hours ago during a
news conference what does that tell you
about the fact that he had stolen a
vehicle that was not used in this
incident you know a week ago yeah it may
have very well been intended though to
be used in the mass murder and or the
getaway so we see a guy who ran into the
woods after a homicidal mania and he
doesn't kill himself he hadn't he had a
pistol he didn't kill himself he tried
to get away
so his mindset might have been earlier
as well to try to get away and the
police Trent wood police tracked that
car back with the GPS to his apartment
complex they recovered the
are but they didn't know it was Reinking
until after the murders when they
searched the apartment they found a key
fob in there then that put that picture
back together so it indicates maybe it
state of mind that Reinking was going to
kill somebody somewhere maybe the waffle
house was just the only crowd at 3:20
a.m. and that he was going to try to get
away so Katie that intense manhunt
coming to an end here we had more than a
hundred and sixty law enforcement on the
ground here and just about within 40
minutes we saw so much activity out here
we saw police pulling out of the parking
lot
we saw helicopters overhead and there
were reports that someone had broken
into a home nearby right before all of
that activity started whether that is
related to this particular arrest is not
clear at this point but again a lot of
people gonna be breathing a sigh of
relief frankly because it's been quite
tense here on the ground because there
are so many wooded areas here there was
no telling where he was at this point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
