the symbolism of this the relationship
between presidents Trump and McCrone I
got a little bit in trouble for using
the word bromance in an official
briefing related to something else but
it does seem like that's what these two
men hat even though it started with that
very tense handshake in Brussels
remember that one the death grip seen
around the world oh yeah this has become
more cordial though right so what are
you watching for well you're right state
visits are a big thing and that this is
the first one suggests that he's the
first among equals of our allies and so
the symbolism of that is important the
main subject of course as you just said
is going to be Iran President Trump has
threatened to pull out of that agreement
on May 12th President McCrone and all
the other allies who signed that with us
and negotiated with us I think that's a
huge mistake and I hope because I think
it's a huge mistake to I hope that the
visiting French president will be able
to convince President Trump at least to
delay pulling out of that agreement
during these talks well here's what he
said about it because I'm anyway McCourt
was talking about it just in the last 24
hours listen what do you have as a
better option I don't see it what is
what if scenario or your plan B I don't
have any plan B for nuclear are against
against Iran so that's a question we
will discuss but that's why I just want
to say on nuclear let's preserve the
framework because it's better than a
sort of North Korean type of situation
do you think he will have success in
making this argument making his argument
the president's jump here well I just
want to be clear the presidents of
Franta McCrone is absolutely right there
is no plan B and let's also understand
that if they tear up that agreement on
May 12th that decreases the
possibilities of getting a real sticking
agreement with the North Koreans if you
can't credibly commit to Iran how are
you going to credibly commit to
denuclearization which is a much higher
bar with North Korea remember Iran did
not have the nuclear arsenal that North
Korea has so I hope he'll make that
argument to president from too so he
understands how these two things are
lated and I also think you'll have to do
something they'll have to be something
face saving that President Trump can say
I got a better deal because I was so
tough on the Europeans I was so tough on
other folks you know maybe it's a
commitment to have sanctions with
respect to ballistic missile testing
something along those lines and I I hope
the president micron can convince him of
some symbolic new gesture to strengthen
the deal as a way for them to preserve
the seems like if there's any
international leader who could do that
it would be McCrone know hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
