if a developer who people gave their
information to in this case Alexander
Cogan then goes and in violation of his
agreement with us sells the data at
Cambridge analytic ah that's a big issue
I think people have a right to be very
upset I'm upset that that happened that
was Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg
pointing the finger at where he believes
the blame lies when it comes to apps
that sir surreptitiously gained access
to personal data mined from nearly 87
million Facebook users and the developer
who is singling out on this his
Cambridge University researcher dr.
Alexander Cogan who joins us now and
Alexander will start there what's your
response when you hear Mark Zuckerberg
essentially laying the blame for this
entire scandal at your feet I think
that's pretty powerful PR spin but it's
exactly that I think what folks need to
understand is this was business as usual
as far as Facebook developers went and
I'm a Facebook family I had a long
relationship with them and I had a lot
to lose by trying to anger them so when
I did this project we don't think we
were doing anything wrong
we didn't think Facebook was ever gonna
be upset and I was even doing it for
really money I was doing it because they
thought I'd get a good research data set
but there are so many commercial
entities out there company is collecting
vastly more data that don't care about
the relationship with Facebook and
things because no accounting for that
data whatsoever so you know trying to
say like hey Alex is this outlier is
stunning a little bit until you realize
it's PR so have their response in just a
second Nick has that but explain exactly
what you did so people get the
background here yeah so when we say
Facebook app all we're talking about is
facebook login button then you see
everywhere and what we did was we
recruited about 200,000 people to do a
survey where they were paid and they
filled out the survey about their
personality and then they clicked this
login button to authorize the app and
then fees books sent us their data so
Alex I just just kind of pull back a bit
so there are thousands or tens of
thousands of people like you who built
apps to pull data off of Facebook
correct
yeah absolutely so it's a very common
practice now Facebook says that you had
a brief consulting contract with them
that they weren't aware of us with us CA
and that you had broken their Terms of
Service but in fact if a user was
looking at the agreement that you had
with Facebook users it discloses that
you planned or had the option I'm using
the information that they gave you for
commercial purposes correct absolutely I
mean the Facebook saying had a brief
consulting contract completely avoids
the fact that I also was working closely
with them for years and years and
research I mean I started with them in
2013 and in fact when I built the app in
the first place it was to collaborate
with their researchers on papers so you
know the I was very much a friendly for
them and as far as look the Terms of
Service it's exactly like he said you
know we said we could transference all
the data and that policy was up in the
facebook platform for a year and a half
nothing was ever sad and what's amazing
is like if you go and look at Facebook
apps right now many of them have
language let's say we could transfer and
sell your data and talk about some of
the biggest companies in the world and
Facebook does nothing to police this so
for them just say this is their policy
and really feel upset it's highly
duplicity us in my mind and so your
knowledge Alex did Facebook ever look at
your contract with their users ever
inspect your app or audit or ever take
any direct interest in looking at what
you're doing with the data to decide if
they were okay with it yeah
so the honest answer is I have no idea
all I do is I go on the platform that
they've created and I put in my name I
put in my Terms of Service and then they
say in their policy that hey well we can
monitor this we can audit this well can
make sure everything's compliant and
they just clearly don't or if they are
doing it they don't care and they're not
reaching out to anybody to corrupt
anything because this was up there for a
year and a half not a word like I said
it felt very much like business as usual
as we've already said there's tens of
thousands of apps that are doing this
and from our perspective we're doing
something really normal Joe so so
Alexander we Joe Scarborough here we saw
more
Zuckerberg testify before Congress he
said that you were an outlier he said
that that you violated their policies
and he was shocked and stunned by your
behavior was Mark Zuckerberg lying to
Congress when he said that I think lying
is a strong word he's working out what
his staff has prepared I assume but look
I mean we've had many instances well
before me where they have to deal with
data being used in many different ways
he didn't expect so the fact that they
were unaware that companies were
collecting this data are using it for a
variety of purposes outside of Facebook
just feels incredibly inaccurate and not
reflective of their experience and
what's more I think try to argue that
the issue here is that I sold the data
to Cambridge analytical completely
misses the points in that part if
Cambridge and leather gonna have gathers
data themselves I think people are still
upset and they just missed that entirely
so so lying is a strong word how about
his testimony was not consistent with
the truth my personal feeling would be
yes that is a correct way to describe it
okay very good
Mike Barnicle so the two companies at
the center of the scandal issued the
following statements in October 2015
Cogan had a brief consulting contract
with Facebook at no point during these
two years was Facebook aware of Cogan's
activities with Cambridge analytic ah it
was not until December of 2015 that we
first learned Cogan had broken
Facebook's Terms of Service by selling
to Cambridge analytic a facebook
information collected via an app he
built Cambridge analytic I issued a
statement in part saying this dr. Cogan
made contractual commitments to
Cambridge analytic a that GSR was
responsible for compliance with data
protection legislation and we took these
assurances in good faith
Cambridge analytic as research showed
that the
personality types licensed by GSR Cogan
underperformed compared to more
traditional ways of grouping people by
demographics Mike Barnicle Alex a few
minutes ago you were talking about a
group that was put together to gather
that you gathered the data from and this
group was paid were they told
specifically what the data was going to
be used for so I would say no I mean
where they were told in the Terms of
Service that could be used for a variety
of purposes but we didn't get into the
specifics because legitimately there
were a lot of use cases were thinking
about one was obviously came in to
Atletico the other one was research and
was interested in doing and it's pretty
standard practice to keep these things
open-ended so you allow yourselves for a
variety of these cases so what does that
mean do you think in the cosmic sense
for the issue of privacy in this world
people don't no longer care about it as
long as again heap aid yeah so I think
the privacy is the real conversation
here you know we've seen a lot of
sideshows with the story of people
providing a lot of misinformation but if
you cut through all of that and get down
to the facts I think the real
conversation that is really important is
about privacy fundamentally I think what
Silicon Valley was doing and still often
believes is that everybody knows as far
as the general public but nobody cares
and the folks that do care and there's
few of them will read the Terms of
Service and decide and the other few
folks that care will go on the settings
and find the privacy tools and use them
but I think that's just wrong we see
that folks really do care about how
their data is used even if they weren't
doing those things I mean there's a now
big responsibility for tech companies to
turn around and do something about it
but it's difficult when you've built
your business models fundamentally on
the idea that we're gonna grab as much
data as we can and use it for whatever
purpose we want because that's the way
we sell ads and so I think they've got a
really big challenge had ahead of
themselves all right dr. Alexander Cogan
thank you so much for joining us want to
bring into the reservation below
political columnist and host of the
podcast with friends like these on Amory
Cox
what's your take on this I still think
that you know once Facebook actually
tells the people whose information was
harvested that their information was
harvested that's gonna be a challenge
and that there's some things that have
to happen before they can do that well I
think dr. Cogan actually really hit the
nail on the head when I said the real
conversation here is a larger
conversation about privacy and whether
or not the norms that Silicon Valley has
been expecting to be true are really
true do people are people just basically
okay with giving away their information
do they realize that's what they're
doing do they realize that all of these
industries are actually built on
harvesting data they're not built on you
getting connecting yeah they're not
built on community this whole idea that
Facebook as a community is kind of
literally laughable to me and that it
turns out people when they see the ends
to which the status it's been put are
uneasy with it
right but that doesn't mean we may have
to change the model for how we interact
with all these apps I mean where we just
strayed it away like everything there is
to know about ourselves you know for
farmville and I think that people
starting to realize that wasn't a good
trade are you willing to pay for
farmville though but that's nice
question right yeah it is worth a lot of
money
one argument that libertarians make is
that way this all this is just make sure
that the people who have that debt
people who have given that data away get
some cut of what Cambridge analytic is
getting gosh you know all right stay
with us a lot more ahead up next a
first-hand account of the moment Hillary
Clinton learned that she would not
succeed Barack Obama as president we're
back in just a moment thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
