I'm Marsha Blackburn I'm a hardcore
card-carrying Tennessee conservative and
politically incorrect and proud of it
I'm Todd Rokita and I'll proudly stand
with our president Mike Pence to drain
the swamp we don't need to investigate
our president we need to arrest Hillary
Republican Don Blankenship stands with
President Trump Hillary Republican
candidates for the US Senate tying
themselves to President Trump
joining us now New York Times reporter
Jeremy Peters Jeremy your writing about
these candidates efforts and how they
are and are not working out tell us
about it
that arrest Hillary won just gets me
every time you think about the way that
Donald Trump has thoroughly rewritten
the political rules of engagement Mika
and this is one of the more striking
examples politicians used to think that
Trump had his own set of rules the laws
of political gravity did not apply to
him and that they would be penalized if
they tried to act like him that's no
longer the case and in the most glaring
example there that she just played you
have somebody like Don Blankenship who
stands a really decent chance of
becoming the Republican nominee for
Senate in West Virginia actually saying
shut down these investigations into
Donald Trump and arrest Hillary Clinton
so it's it's just one of the ways that
the tone of politics the civility has
been degraded under Trump you know it's
it's it's it's no longer good enough to
wear his hats or say America first or
build the wall you know in some cases
these politicians actually want to be
Donald Trump they say things like I was
Trump before Trump was Trump which is
what Chris McDaniel in Mississippi is
saying so there's you know really this
race to define yourself not just as as
Trump like but the originator of his his
style of politics
hey Jeremy so you know reading your
article a few minutes after we had a
couple of segments about the bush
funeral and the photo of the bushes
together and I'm thinking about the
unwilling passing of the torch from the
Bush family to trump politics and it
seems to me reading your story that the
Republican Party of the bushes is done
it's gone and what I see in your story
is that it is Donald Trump's
it's going to be for the foreseeable
future so talk about why that works for
them well it works because when they're
no longer running ID on ideas they're
running on attitude and right now Donald
Trump doesn't really have a coherent
ideology for candidates to unite around
other than you know being tough on
immigration his trade policy still
splits the Republican Party so there's
just a lot of I think disagreement over
exactly which of his ideas should carry
the day so what do they do they do what
works best for Trump and that's to be
outrageous yeah but you know Mike
Barnicle if I mean how long will the age
of Trump how long will the party of
Trump last well okay let's look where we
are right now you've got a Democratic
governor in Virginia that one easily
you've got an Alabama senator in the
state of Alabama for the first time in a
quarter century when we showed a picture
of Marsha Blackburn in Tennessee you've
got a Democrat who is ahead in the polls
in Tennessee you've got in the state of
Mississippi polls showing that race
tight as well all of this this combative
insulting language that you know might
make Donald Trump feel good and all of
these advertisement Joe Manchin sees
somebody with a sign that says lock her
up for Hillary Joe Manchin sitting there
thinking go ahead go ahead be the topic
in a 2018 I don't care this all comes
with a price for these Republicans
Jeremy at that point that Joe just
raised it seems to many observers that
trumpism in its purest form as it
evolved seems to be relying less on
ideology than it does veering towards
personal destruction of the opponent is
that accurate is that assessment
accurate that's exactly right and that's
what has so many people in both parties
worried because they see this catching
on in the Democratic Party as well you
know there there are some prominent
Democrats who've argued that the only
way to beat Trump and the Republicans in
2018 2020 is
- get down - isn't his level this whole
notion of when they go low we go high
just doesn't apply in politics anymore a
lot of people have come to believe now I
don't know that this is an enduring
shift in politics I think Joe is exactly
right at the end of the day people need
something more to grasp onto than just
anger and insults so I don't know I just
don't know all right Jeremy Peters thank
you very much and coming up we'll dig
into three legal issues on the
president's radar this weekend only
three this time he tweeted about the DNC
a lawsuit against his campaign the
Russia probe and the criminal
investigation into his fixer Michael
Cohen will talk to a former federal
prosecutor from the Manhattan office
investigating Cohen plus the developer
who claims Facebook and Cambridge
analytic are scapegoating him in that
massive data scandal morning Joe is
coming right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
