welcome back turning back overseas now
once again I as I mentioned earlier the
excitement is building as rural baby
watch number three is underway the
Duchess of Cambridge was admitted to st.
Mary's Hospital in London this morning
in the early stages of labor joining us
from London NBC News correspondent Tammy
Lightner Tammy is it true that we're not
sure if it's a boy or a girl that's
right Lois it's a big secret nobody
knows at this point what we do know is
that Kensington Palace sent out a tweet
very early this morning announcing that
the Duchess had been admitted to the
hospital in the early stages of labour
we now know that she is in fact in
labour she'll be giving birth at st.
Mary's Hospital in the private Lindo
wing were so many others from the royal
family have been before her now the way
this works once she delivers Kensington
Palace will announce that the baby has
been born most likely this will come by
tweet the town crier will then make the
announcement outside the Lindo wing and
the official declaration of the birth is
put out on an easel outside of
Buckingham Palace now this baby will be
fifth in line to the throne displacing
uncle Harry once again following Prince
Charles Prince William big brother
George and sister Charlotte now one
thing to note is that regardless of the
baby's gender
Charlotte is going to keep her place in
line for the throne and this is under
something called the succession to the
crown Act which essentially means that
Prince's no longer take precedence over
their sisters and that's something that
had been in place in 1701 always back to
you really really interesting Tammy
Tammy just give us a little sense of the
atmosphere over there I mean for people
here that don't know what's it like over
there during these these types of times
well Lois I can tell you that people
have been camped out at the hospital for
more than a week so this is a very very
very big deal people are excited that
even though this is baby number 3 the
anticipation just grows I mean bookies
have been taking bets on the gender the
name and of course when she was going to
go into labor Lois Tammy lighter from
Londyn thanks so much I like that Harry
has been pushed off to the side once
more all right
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
