what do you say to some people who say
rules are rules
that Starbucks has a policy we follow
violated that policy the police asks you
repeatedly to leave and you didn't how
do you respond to people who say that
what I say is I understand that rules
are rules
but was right as Reagan was wrong his
room and that's the any situation
whether it's reasonable if anything
after video of the arrest of those two
men in a Philadelphia Starbucks went
viral Starbucks this week announced
plans to shut down nearly all of its US
locations up to eight thousand stores on
May 29th to put employees through anti
bias training the viral video shows
rashon Nelson and Dante Robinson being
arrested after the store manager called
police on them because they had not yet
made a purchase and we're just hanging
out there you know like people do in
Starbucks every day joining me now to
discuss public relations expert Marvin
Brito Heather McGee president at demos
action who's helping advise Starbucks in
their anti bias training and Jason
Johnson politics editor at the root
thank you all friends I want to start by
playing the 911 buddy has heard it yet
so I want to make sure that you and the
viewers get to hear it this is the
Starbucks manager calling police on
those two men I have two gentlemen on my
cafe they're refusing to make a purchase
or leave I know that Starbucks interns
free
I'll be honest as possible zu Jason have
to go to you first you wrote a very
compelling piece on this idea that you
know we tend to talk about police and
police violence against black bodies
against black people but you make the
point Jamil Smith also has a terrific
piece making the same point we don't
talk enough about the people who keep
calling 911 for nothing yeah Joey you
listened to that tape and I mentioned in
my piece in the route it's like the cops
are there racism valets like these black
people have made me uncomfortable come
do something about it and and the fact
that she could engage in that kind of
behavior so consistently and these are
the gentlemen who end up having to deal
with the consequences is another part of
this discussion we need to have look
that can be called malicious prosecution
she could actually you know you could
potentially charge and we don't know if
it's the actual person but the Daily
Mail says that her name is Holly Hilton
we don't know if that's the actual
manager but there should be consequences
for people who call the police on
African Americans for non crimes for
discriminatory purposes and we have to
make that a part of the discussion
because the police are just an extension
of their own bigotry when they make that
phone call and Marvin you know one of
the things that I heard the most on the
red the most on on social media when
this happened is fire the person who
called 9-1-1 Starbucks took a long time
to then finally tell us that this
employee was no longer with Starbucks
but do you think just as a public
relations matter lingering over whether
that person still belonged as an
employee was a mistake
absolutely Starbucks has created a
culture of community around cult around
coffee where people all over the world
use and abuse their restrooms and real
estate over a $10 latte so the two
minutes that she took to call was
incredibly Inc aggressive yep so
Starbucks absolutely should have come
forward straight away and said this is
not our culture this is we don't
advocate we are not complicit with this
behavior and it took them a bit too long
to do that their being on the right side
at this point by introducing the
training and introducing the new you
know ways in which they educate their
employees but that employee was
aggressive and it was rooted in her
racial bias well let's let's listen to
these these two gentlemen describing
them being
this is more of their interview with
Robin Roberts this week on Thursday take
a listen as soon as they approach of
stages today we have to leave there was
no question of you know was there a
problem here between you guys and the
manager no what happened when you were
arrested did they tell you what you were
being arrested for no not at the time he
wasn't read any rights nothing this
double lock handcuffs on our back
escorted out and put into the squad car
and so whether you are one of the people
who's advising them on what they're
gonna say during this day of training
the question I think that everyone has
on their minds is how is it that a
person who's a trained manager at a
restaurant like Starbucks or a place
that is known for people hanging out
drinking sipping on a cup of coffee for
hours writing a novel I mean I've seen
people come in to change their baby in
the bathroom not buy anything and leave
okay they don't that this person didn't
even communicate with these two men I
think I think there are four levels of
issues here and I'm I'm frankly glad in
some ways that we are able to have this
conversation the first level is just
what what dr. Johnson did so well in his
piece which is about white fear the
police as an extension of that as an
enforcement of that that is an American
problem not a Starbucks problem right
the second level is also and I think we
haven't talked about this enough what
does the white person who doesn't have a
stake in denying racism sees this and
thinks it's unfair whether it's the
bystanders in the store or the CEO of
the company what do they do right what
is it what is actually the
responsibility of white people to use
their privilege you have to combat bias
so that's a great conversation to have
and then the last two are about
Starbucks itself right so Starbucks
needs to do more than the training
Starbucks needs to do and and sherrilyn
Ifill and Eric Holder and Bryan
Stevenson and I have who've all been
asked to to sort of provide guidance and
feedback in this moment to the company
that we've all been at we've all said
it's more than a training it's about
your practices your policies your
procedures it's about institutional bias
and then finally the training and I
think there are a lot of questions about
this we were asked to sort of step in
and make sure that whatever they do they
could have just gone to a corporate
diversity train they're here
and and we said you know what we will
answer this moment as complicated as it
is because this is a teachable moment
for the country for other corporations
who are watching as well as for nearly
180,000 employees is it just about
diversity or is it about the structural
racism that exists in our society and
just frankly too many people have a
stake in denying that racism exists yeah
so for a company to say racism exists
and we're gonna spend some time this is
just the beginning it needs to be
ongoing training teaching you how to
identify it in yourselves and slow your
roll before you make an action that
could change someone's life out of that
black bias yeah I think that's an
important step yeah I think the most
absurd statement that we've heard out of
the woman who called 9-1-1 is that she
didn't expect them to get arrested
Starbucks says this is their policy
officially this is the statement that we
got from Starbucks about people being in
their stores are not purchasing anything
it says with 28,000 stores globally
different regions circumstances and
cultural norms necessitate different
guidelines for their stores all of our
Philadelphia area company company owns
stores have signage which states that
bathrooms in the lobby areas are for
paying customers only that wasn't true
in Florida I'm just telling you that
right now people change the baby's the
bathroom this is an indication of Jason
that this was not just a Philadelphia
Starbucks problem here is another black
man a whole separate person videotaping
Starbucks refusal to let him use the
restroom and not following the policy I
just read to the letter right
but before you made a purchase they let
you use a restroom right I just typed in
yes for the code and they just gave it
to you right before you made a purchase
yeah this man right here say he hasn't
made he said he hasn't made her a
purchase yeah he's in alive to make a
purchase and you guys have him get you
guys you guys had gave him the code
right is it that what she did and so
that gentleman's name is Brandon Ward
Shaun King tweeted out them his story
and you know Jason part of what power is
is the ability not only to make the
rules but to bend them for who you want
to bend them for right and in this case
the manager was bending him for a white
customer if that was the rule yeah and
here's the thing Joy's also it's about
arbitrary enforcement and this is why
there's two things about this one has to
do with our general sort of white
supremacy and white nationalism in
America and the other has to do with the
specifics of Starbucks and how they're
behaving on the one hand look the reason
I don't speed joy is is not because
someone trained me and because I go to
driver's ed once a year is cuz I don't
want to get a ticket okay that's how you
change people's behavior if you want to
stop people you don't have to do a
massive training you say we have a zero
tolerance policy about racial
discrimination here's a Facebook page if
you have a complaint about of Starbucks
put it here and we fired that lady
that's the first thing that should it
happen but here's the problem we see
this in America we see this with
policing all the time bad cops cost City
six seven million dollars to settle with
families and yet they keep hiring those
same bad cops
Starbucks is gonna lose millions of
dollars by shutting down their stores
for half a day's training you have to
tell people how to treat people
reasonably yeah when you should have
just fired the lady from the beginning
and can they fix this then Marva because
they're also good a militant whose
millions of dollars if people stopped
shopping in Starbucks if black people
said we're gonna live with just black on
shops and us absolutely they can fix it
if we see that they are really being
proactive in changing the culture listen
we know that this happens every day and
and you know racism has been rooted in
customer service for decades but they
need to really move forward and come
forward and show that this is not our
culture this is not who we are this is
not what we represent whether it is the
sole act of the employee or not she has
been a liability to Starbucks and now
they have to fix it yeah absolutely I
wish we had more time our vets gonna
talk about this more on my podcast later
read this read that so we can listen to
more we can
more of what my bet has to say we're
gonna grab Heather and make her come
back more and more more more Jason
Johnson all three of you guys thank you
very much coming up at the top of the
hour Jason gotta be on the podcast to
the caves Donald Trump and Michael Cohen
can't get rid of
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
