The Washington Post has broken news
about the the fraying edges of the
nation's Justice Department according to
this new reporting in The Washington
Post tonight quote Attorney General Jeff
Sessions recently told the White House
he might have to leave his job if
President Trump fires his deputy rod
Rosenstein who oversees the
investigation into Russian interference
in the 2016 election sessions made his
position known in a phone call to White
House Counsel dawn McGann last weekend
as Trump's fury at rod Rosenstein peaked
after the Deputy Attorney General
approved the FBI's raid on the
president's personal attorney Michael
Cohen
and of course because this is our lives
this is our collective life now we also
tonight learn in the Washington Post we
learned more about the mean nicknames
the president has given the top law
enforcement officials in the country we
get a little more detail on that quote
people familiar with Jeff Sessions is
thinking say he has said several times
that he would find it difficult to
remain as Attorney General
if Trump for no good reason fired
Rosenstein the veteran prosecutor in
Baltimore that sessions chose to be his
deputy but sessions has had little
ability to do anything about it
given his own shaky standing with Trump
for recusing himself from the Russia
investigation Trump at times has
referred to Attorney General Jeff
Sessions as mr. Magoo and he has
referred to Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein as mr. peepers a character
from a 1950s sitcom whereupon in order
to cover the news tonight I have to show
you a picture of mr. peepers from that
1950s sitcom now everybody laughs about
those mean nicknames the president is so
good at coming up with when he really
gets into the wallowing fun of
humiliating people for his own pleasure
but again the headline here is that the
Attorney General says he may resign in
protest if the president fires Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein as a way
of trying to kill the Russia
investigation and that is a capital S
scoop for the post tonight quote
sessions his message to the White House
which has not previously been reported
underscores the political firestorm that
Trump would invite should he attempt to
remove the Deputy Attorney General while
Trump also has
railed against sessions at times the
protest resignation of an Attorney
General which would be likely to incite
other departures within the
administration that would create a
moment of profound crisis for the White
House so fresh if Rosa Stein gets fired
session says he's out in protest the
post may be right that that would set
off a string of resignations possum
totally possible as I said it's Friday
so surprise there's a lot going on and
it is but you know from that Post story
while we are on the subject of profound
crisis in the White House today history
played a rerun and it turns out it's one
of my favorite episodes on June 17th
1972 at 2:30 in the morning
five men got busted breaking into the
headquarters of the Democratic National
Committee in Washington there's the
Watergate break-in right the next day
there was definitely news coverage about
that it was interesting right huh five
guys all with ties to Miami for some
reason what were they what were these
five guys doing in Washington
burglarizing that Democratic Party
office this is from the first Washington
Post story about that burglary story by
Alfred a Lewis quote there was no
immediate explanation as to why the five
suspects would want to bug the
Democratic National Committee offices or
whether or not they were working for any
other individuals or organizations so
there was news coverage of that burglary
right it was it was of interest that
there had been this burglary but it was
kind of mild interest certainly nobody
in the press was immediately jumping to
conclusions about this being the first
signs of a gigantic political conspiracy
that would ultimately take down the
sitting president Richard Nixon which it
did but it's interesting somewhat lost
to history
but the Democratic Party actually did
kind of go right there
right away when the Watergate burglary
happened the rest of the country didn't
see it that way the press certainly
didn't see it that way but the DNC the
Democratic Party they went right to the
endgame immediately Watergate break-in
was on June 17th On June 20th
couple days later the Dancy filed a
civil lawsuit against the re-election
campaign for President Nixon saying that
that little burglary at their
headquarters that wasn't just a burglary
that wasn't just a moment of intrigue
that was a dirty trick by the president
and the president should have to answer
for it Lawrence O'Brian chairman of the
Democratic National Committee today
filed suit for 1 million dollars against
the committee for the re-election of the
President and against five men arrested
early Saturday who were charged with
breaking into the party's national
headquarters at the Watergate in
Washington
Carl Stern has a report I wish to
emphasize as national chairman of this
party the deadly seriousness with which
we view this entire matter I am pleased
to know that the FBI is investigating
this case but I am shocked to learn that
the White House through its official
spokesman deems unworthy of notice this
blatant act of political espionage famed
criminal lawyer Edward Bennett Williams
whose law firm represents Orion will try
to question the five intruders a week
from tomorrow and to take depositions
even inside the committee to re-elect
the president and the White House two of
the intruders had a name and phone
number of another ex CIA agent who now
works as a part-time consultant to the
White House
O'Brien refused to link the committee
and the White House directly to what
happened but he says he knows more than
he's telling and he says he feels he is
on the right track in suing the
committee as a co-conspirator with the
five men Carl stern NBC News Washington
so right after the Watergate burglary
happened right away
the DNC filed a civil lawsuit against
the committee to re-elect the president
saying that wasn't just some random
assemblage of burglars their lawsuit
basically said hey President Nixon you
did this your campaign did this you have
to answer for it and you know you saw
that very sober coverage the night that
the lawsuit was filed there on on NBC
News honestly people thought there were
a little bit nuts for doing this and for
saying that this was some conspiracy
that went all the way to Nixon two
people at the time it really seemed
over the top the Democratic Party blames
the Republicans for sending five men to
burglarize or bug its national
headquarters accordingly it is suing for
1 million dollars if it works if they
win the suit it'll be a new and quite
novel way of raising political money a
device no one has ever used before the
Democrats are 9 million dollars in debt
and if they win if they should squeeze a
million dollars out of the Republicans
that will be just 1/9 of what they need
to pay off their old campaign debts it
is not clear why if the Democrats are
intent on suing why they didn't sue for
the full amount they need 9 million and
try to force the Republicans to bail
them out of debt it is one way of
getting even tell me all the time Oh our
era is so poisoned by terrible cable
news has gotten so snarky you know what
David Brinkley had a pretty good on-air
snark in 1972 I oh the look that the
Democrats brought this cute little
lawsuit obviously it's just to get them
out of debt and they're saying it's
about that burglary huh right David
Brinkley is saying their what everybody
was thinking at the time this was a joke
the Democratic Party is gonna lay a
blame for that burglary at the doorstep
of the White House everybody thought it
was junk but they did it they filed this
lawsuit this is the Washington Post
coverage the next day byline Bob
Woodward headline O'Brian sues GOP
campaign laze blamed for bugging on
White House Democratic National Chairman
Lawrence O'Brian apparently seizing on
the break-in and attempted bugging of
party headquarters here as a major
campaign issue attempted yesterday too
late responsibility for the incident at
the door of the White House he said
there's a developing clear line to the
White House and cited what he called the
potential involvement of special counsel
to the president Charles Colson O'Brien
made his remarks as the DNC filed a
million-dollar lawsuit in the US
District Court here against the
committee for the re-election of the
president whose chief security agent
James McCord was one of the five men
arrested at the break-in at 2:30 a.m. on
Saturday President Nixon's campaign
chair former attorney General John
Mitchell denied any
responsibility for the break-in and
called the lawsuit quote another example
of sheer demagoguery on the part of mr.
O'Brien
mr. Mitchell called O'Brien's lawsuit a
political stunt it's a stunt sheer
demagoguery that was the line from the
president's reelection campaign and
nobody in the press took it seriously
but we now know that those wacky
over-the-top Democrats were onto it they
were right I mean the the DNC chair said
we think there's potential involvement
here by President Nixon's special
counsel Chuck Colson well Chuck Colson
ended up serving time in federal prison
for Watergate the DNC said hey look
we're suing the president's reelection
campaign because the chief security
agent for the campaign this guy James
McCord he was right there in the middle
of it well James McCord also ended up
going to prison for Watergate when the
Democrats filed their lawsuit the
president's campaign chair John Michell
comes out and calls it a political stunt
sheer demagoguery
well John Michell former attorney
general of the United States Nixon's
campaign chair yeah he ends up serving
19 months in federal prison for
Watergate all of these guys dismissing
it are you kidding that's a crazy
concern all those guys went to prison
and it wasn't that lawsuit by the DNC
that put all those guys in prison but
that lawsuit by the DNC was the
Democratic Party's way of planting a
flag on that break-in and saying you
know what this is a really big deal and
it's it's a political scandal it's not
burglary that was their way of putting a
flag in it saying this is gonna end up
going right to the president right to
Richard Nixon and nobody believed them
when they started but that lawsuit
itself was the way they chose to try to
get to the bottom of what was going on
but also to keep it in the public eye
for example when they found something
new in their investigation into what
happened behind the Watergate burglary
one of their tactics was that they would
amend their lawsuit they'd amend their
complaint in this lawsuit that would
result in a new filing showing up on the
docket for that case that would be
publicly available that would give
reporters something else to report about
this scandal
it slowly slowly slowly widened out in
politics today the Democratic Party was
in court strengthening its complaint
that the committee to re-elect President
Nixon had engaged in political espionage
tomorrow the Democrats will find a file
a complaint which alleges that Maurice
Stan's former Secretary of Commerce and
now finance chairman for President Nixon
financed the break-in at Democratic
Party headquarters Stan says this is a
scurrilous pack of lies the Democrats
complaint will say Stan's used 114
thousand dollars in Republican campaign
funds to establish a political espionage
squad scurrilous pack of lies this was
the fall of 1972 the Democrats had a new
filing and their lawsuit they amended
their complaints everybody got access to
their amendment they're signalling that
they thought they had found an even
closer link between the burglary and
President Nixon on his campaign and
indeed mr. scurrilous pack of lies
Maurice Stan's the finance chair for
Nixon's campaign did end up leaving
guilty on multiple charges that was that
was late 1972 that little clip we just
showed you there the public at that
point still basically wasn't all that
interested in the Watergate scandal good
evidence of that fact is the fact that
in November 1972 Nixon was getting
reelected even while all the burglars
were under indictment like people just
didn't care that much about Watergate
the Democrats using this lawsuit to try
to pry out new information in the case
right they got sworn depositions that
help them establish the links between
the campaign and the burglary they keep
filing amendments to the lawsuit to try
to get people to cover it as an ongoing
and widening scandal in part that
lawsuit was just their way of trying to
keep the story alive because they
believed it was about the president well
by the following year by the spring of
the following year by 1973 spring that
story would no longer need any helping
along no no longer need any kindling by
the Democratic Party because by then the
Watergate hearings started and John Dean
flipped as White House Counsel and
special prosecutor got appointed and
ultimately the president would have to
resign the office and leave in disgrace
but back in the slow days that lawsuit
by the DNC even though everybody thought
it seemed hysterical and they first
filed it not only were the Democrats
right in their claims in that lawsuit in
the end they actually won that case they
had sued the committee to re-elect the
president for monetary damages on the
day that Richard Nixon left office in
disgrace the committee to re-elect the
president his re-election committee
quietly sent the Democratic Party a
check for for three-quarters of a
million dollars the Democrats were right
they won that lawsuit and on the day
Nixon left office nobody noticed because
people had other things on their minds
the Democrats getting their check and
being proved right that wasn't exactly
the headline news of that day and I
think because of that the the fact that
the Democrats did this during Watergate
it was sort of lost to history for a
long while it was dug up just a few
months ago though as a feature story on
the hit slate.com podcast slow burn by
reporter Leon nee hawk after the lawsuit
was filed Democratic National Committee
Chair Lawrence O'Brien did something
hardly anyone was willing to do at that
early stage he directly blamed the
burglary on the White House
O'Brien pointed out the irony of a
president who had run as tough on crime
being involved in illegal campaign
tactics he said the country was about to
witness the ultimate test of this
administration had so piously committed
itself to a new era of law and order
just four years ago O'Brien's lawyer
thought he should be careful about
accusing the president of criminal
activity but the chairman of the DNC was
not worried I've studied Nixon since the
Kennedy campaign he said I have no doubt
that the trail will lead to the oval
office if we could hang in there long
enough so that was on the slow burn
podcast just a couple months ago digging
out that fascinating and mostly
forgotten artifact from how the
Democrats bought their side of the fight
in Watergate well now today surprise
that artifact from Watergate not only
proved itself to
be dug up today it reanimated and came
back to life because look today the DNC
the Democratic Party today filed a
forgotten Watergate style civil freakin
lawsuit against the Trump campaign over
the Russia scandal it's about the way
they were broken into in this scandal
just like DNC headquarters were broken
into back in the summer of 1972 today
the DNC contends in this suit that
although it was Russia who did the
hacking to break into DNC headquarters
they alleged that the Trump campaign and
people associated with the campaign were
willing and active partners for Russia
in this crime and the list of defendants
is long the DNC is suing the Russian
Federation which means Russia the GRU
which is Russian military intelligence
they're suing the specific staff from
the GRU who posed as the hacker gusoff
ur 2.0 which was the hacker that took
credit for the hacking and robbery of
the DNC they are bringing this suit
against Aris and Emin ARA log on Galera
excuse me
Russian business associates of Trump who
are behind setting up the Trump Tower
meeting during the campaign they're also
brought this suit against Joseph Masood
who was the mysterious character who
prosecutors say told Trump campaign aide
George papadopolis that Russia had
stolen democratic emails the lawsuit has
also brought against WikiLeaks and its
founder Julian Assange who packaged and
distributed the stuff that Russia stole
after them there's a whole bunch of
familiar names the Trump campaign Donald
Trump jr. Paul Manafort Roger stone
Jared Kushner George papadopolis Rick
gates also the last line there some
unnamed john doe's one through ten these
are named unknown Russian operatives who
had been part of the hacking scheme
against the DNC so in this lawsuit today
the Democrats are seeking monetary
damages just like the Democrats did in
Watergate back in 72 they're also
seeking an admission from the defendants
that they participated in this
conspiracy and of course in order to
justify this claim the DNC has to spell
out what happened to them and and why
they believe they were the wronged party
here and so we get a long prose
well-written narrative of what they say
happened it starts like this in the
run-up to the 2016 election russia
mounted a brazen attack on american
democracy the opening salvo was a cyber
attack on the DNC carried out on
American soil Russian intelligence
services hacked into the DNC's computers
penetrated its phone systems and
exfiltrated tens of thousands of
documents and emails Russia then used
the stolen information to advance its
own interests destabilizing the US
political environment denigrating the
Democratic presidential nominee and
supporting the campaign of Donald J
Trump whose policies would benefit the
Kremlin in the Trump campaign Russia
found a willing and active partner in
this effort and then it goes on from
there at length and in detail spelling
out that allegation now here's the thing
a lot of people who have been watching
Robert Muller in the special counsels
investigation very closely a lot of
people who people who are close
observers of the Millar probe believe I
sort of come to expect that at some
point Muller will probably bring
indictments that relate to the hack of
the DNC and I don't say that because I
have any insider information I don't but
when Muller indicted all those Russians
a couple of months ago that wasn't for
the break-in at the DNC that wasn't for
the DNC hack that indictment of all
those Russians a couple of months ago
that was for some of the social media
stuff that Russian intelligence did the
DNC hack breaking into Democratic
parties computers and phone systems and
stealing stuff that is much more
obviously criminal activity under
American law and so since we already saw
that other sort of more abstract
indictment of all those Russians people
have really been waiting for the other
shoe to drop in terms of an indictment
over what happened to the DNC that
hasn't happened yet
maybe it'll never happen but people have
sort of been expecting it who knows if
that had happened already
maybe the Democrats wouldn't have gone
ahead with this lawsuit spelling out how
they were wronged
by the attack on their computers and
phone systems that stole all that stuff
but they have now done that they have
now filed this lawsuit and so now we get
their whole written narrative their
whole very specific timeline of how they
were attacked
and and when and what the Trump campaign
did to make it all work and to help
disseminate the fruits of these Russian
crimes
now that the DNC has filed this lawsuit
there's the possibility if it goes ahead
that they could end up demanding
documents from all these defendants they
could demand depositions sworn testimony
from all these defendants and when you
look at this list of defendants that
could be a fascinating turn in this case
Don junior-m but before we get there
first the judge in this case will have
to decide if this lawsuit goes ahead
that'll be a very consequential decision
that judge has to make a decision with
very clear echoes in history which makes
this almost more history than I can
stand this is the the bio of the judge
to whom this case has been assigned look
way back in his resume their way back
when he was just a young legal pup see
what it says there he served as an
assistant special prosecutor Watergate
special prosecution force Department of
Justice from 1973 to 1974 the judge they
gave the DNC lawsuit - today was a
Watergate prosecutor in this news today
history isn't even just rhyming anymore
history is full-on plagiarizing at this
point hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
