hundreds are gathered around the Capitol
in the Supreme Court to protest his
confirmation and mushi's Micah Kara's on
Capitol Hill for us and I know Mike the
even speaking with someone who has
organized some of these protests so what
are you finding out right well that's
right Alex and you know the Capitol
Police did something unusual today even
though the Senate is in session they
closed the Russell the heart the Dirksen
Center office buildings where we've seen
some of those protests just a day before
yesterday some 300 protesters arrested
in the atrium of Hart so they're out
here they're in front of the Supreme
Court you see them here and if we could
pan around you will see the Capitol
grounds the Capitol just across the
street
under this gingko tree here there's a
group from the women's March that are
getting ready for what they term a civic
action and earlier I heard them doing a
training session where they're preparing
people to get arrested in the
eventualities that you do get arrested
and you get the impression that they are
in fact expecting that I am with Melissa
Byrne she's from the online group the
women's group with women's rights group
ultraviolet Milus I have seen you over
the course of the last few days
literally positioning protesters you are
sort of in charge or organizing this but
today you're out here this vote is a
foregone conclusion is this a waste of
time I mean this time it wasn't in
August last year when it was a foregone
conclusion that we were going to loop
that ACA was going to be repealed and
then McCain had that heroic moment in
the middle of the night so it's never
over until the votes are counted and
Senator Collins and Senator Manchin
still have the time to listen to the
people of their state listen to the
survivors instead of the big money
interest and be they can be a hero and
they can vote to stop Cavanaugh
okay so Lindsey Graham he was on our air
we played a soundbite a few minutes ago
he portrays this as a choice brawl
politics are you gonna stand with Susan
Collins after her long speech on the
Senate floor today where she gave her
rationale or he's putting you on the
opposite side you're the foil are you
gonna be with the protesters who spit on
you as you walk through the halls what's
your reaction to those who say that what
you've been doing here has created a
backlash that it's counterproductive
when there was no spitting I didn't see
any spitting there was no spitting what
you think is if these senators like
Lindsey Graham and other people had town
hall meetings if they listened to their
constituents and not just their
big-money donors these conversations
could have happened over the last year
over the last 18 months but they don't
do town hall meetings they don't have
face time with their constituents so the
only place where people can meet them is
in the hallways and in the tunnels and
as they're getting into elevators or as
they're getting in to the trams and as
Americans it's in our Constitution it's
the First Amendment is the right to
redress government and you can ask the
hard questions it's not the First
Amendment is it you can write a polite
pre-screened question on an index card
and hand it in it's like we have the
right to do that and the people that are
causing the problems or the folks like
Lindsey Graham who would rather stand
behind a sexual assault or then listen
to the women of their state okay Melissa
Bern many many hundreds of protesters
out here on the East front of the
Capitol and the Supreme Court steps Alex
they are planning some civic actions
later as we grow closer to that vote hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
