and thanks to and hope for joining us
this hour very happy to have you with us
it is Friday night this is live as
always that means anything could happen
Friday nights do tend to be news nights
these days but even though that is in
the back of my mind at all times on
Fridays now I do want to start tonight
with a little bit of a little bit of a
story I realize today's been a big day
I'll start with a story it is a story
about a dude you may not know his name
is Allen Dixon and Allen Dixon I passed
away a few years now he is somebody who
in his time everybody really liked he
had a nickname in politics his Nixon his
nickname was ow
the pal just not tagging cheek not
satirical he was kind of everybody's pal
he was a go along to get along
politician and proudly so he wrote a
memoir about his time in politics he was
unsentimental and straightforward about
it he said quote generally speaking my
political career was built on goodwill
and accommodation goodwill and
accommodation by all accounts he was a
great guy
tons of friends and goodwill and
accommodation was a great political
strategy for him Allen Dixon first ran
for elected office he ran for police
magistrate in Belleville Illinois at the
ripe old age of 21 and he wasn't running
for like the kids seat on the police
magistrate board or something he was
running for real office he won that
first seat at age 21 and then he spent
the rest of his adult life continually
winning elections one after another two
years after he first won elected office
at the age of 21 at the ripe old age of
23 he got elected to the state
legislature and then he got reelected
and re-elected and re-elected again
served a whole bunch of terms in the
legislature then he moved up and he ran
to be a state senator and again he won
and he was reelected and re-elected and
re-elected again he served a whole bunch
of terms in the Senate then he moved up
again and he ran for state treasurer and
he won the race for state treasurer then
he moved up again and he won the race
for Secretary of State
guy was totally unbeatable by the time
he was running for re-election as
Secretary of State he did something that
no other statewide elected official had
ever done before in the history of that
state
he won all 102 counties in the state of
Illinois in that race nobody had ever
done that before in any statewide race
but he was out of the Powell I mean who
could be against him he was like the
consensus choice no matter what he was
running for for decades from this little
municipal posts all the way up through
everything in state government he was
totally absolutely unbeatable and in a
sort of methodical way as he was working
his way up to higher and higher office
it ultimately became sort of inevitable
that he would end up being a u.s.
senator from Illinois in the United
States Senate
Allen Dixon was still Alva Powell but he
was not a really high profile senator
you know there were all those little
sidebar stories today about how the
timing of the Brett Kavanaugh vote this
weekend might be upended because Senator
Steve Daines of Montana has his
daughter's wedding to go to and with
every story there's like a picture of
Steve Daines
but literally that picture could be any
guy on earth that could just be clipart
because you have never seen Steve Daines
before and there's no way you would know
that he was a senator without Google
that was Allen Dixon he was like not a
household name not a recognizable figure
he he and part of that is because he
wasn't controversial at all
he was go along to get along he was a
centrist he was a moderate he was sort
of low profile now the other senator
from Illinois while Allen Dixon was
there was Paul Simon he was very
high-profile he was liberal he wore a
bowtie he was instantly recognizable
Paul Simon was the one from Illinois who
ran for president Alva Powell the other
senator from Illinois he was never going
to run for president but he was
everybody's friend he was considered
also to be a senator who really
delivered for his constituents back home
in Illinois when it came time for Alva
Powell to run for re-election as a u.s.
senator there was no question he got
re-elected in a landslide he won by more
than 30 points and that wasn't because
he was some Democratic Party icon he
wasn't he was a Democrat but he was a
moderate go along to get along Alva
Powell he very happily made friends
across the aisle he was friendly with
President Reagan who of course is a
Republican he was known to go golfing
with Dan Quayle meanwhile his fellow
Democrats they all loved him they chose
to elevate him into leadership by the
end of just his second term in the
Senate he was the number three Democrat
in the whole Senate everybody liked him
got along with everyone
Alva Powell in 1991 when President
George Bush nominated Clarence Thomas to
the Supreme Court this Democratic
senator from Illinois
Allen Dixon he made a personal promise
to President Bush that he would vote yes
that he would vote for that Supreme
Court nominee it's interesting
senator Dixon didn't make that promise
public at the time years later he would
explain that when the nomination was
initially made he had made that promise
to the president but his constituents
didn't know that at the time and it
probably wouldn't have been an issue
what ultimately made it a problem is
that Al Dixon had made that promise to
President Bush for how he would vote on
Clarence Thomas before he had all of the
information about Clarence Thomas before
the Thomas confirmation process got
upended and the nomination hearings had
to get reopened all because of serious
sexual harassment allegations against
Thomas allegations that had been known
internally at the Judiciary Committee
and kept quiet and confidential there
but then those allegations leaked to the
press and pr's Nina Totenberg obtained
the affidavit from professor Anita Hill
in which Hill laid out her allegations
against Thomas that became public
through Nina Totenberg
reporting a big firestorm ensued and
those confirmation hearings were
reopened and the consideration of
Clarence Thomas was delayed and the
country honestly went nuts with the
drama of all of it here's a brief news
clip from the time from right when the
Thomas nomination was being stopped and
reopened to consider these new
allegations just listen to the howl of
anguish here from Senator Allen Dixon
from Alva Powell
all right this this backbench low
profile go along to get along everybody
likes him senator listen to his anguish
when the time came for the Senate
you're out what they were gonna do with
these allegations against that nominee
good evening
Clarence Thomas swears he's not guilty
his accuser is standing by her charge
and tonight the United States Senate
decided to delay a vote on his Supreme
Court appointment to try to resolve what
has become a superheated Washington
controversy the specific issue is sexual
harassment but it goes well beyond that
NBC's Andrea Mitchell was on Capitol
Hill now Andrea Tom one of the most
emotional days in recent set of history
has resulted in a delay of Thomas's
confirmation vote with his confirmation
slipping away Thomas authorized his
chief sponsor to agree to a delay so
that he could try to clear his name
I act as a spokesman again with great
pain and injustice which is being
perpetrated on him and I ask for a delay
danforth was bowing to the inevitable
some of Thomas's supporters in both
parties were wavering they were under
heavy pressure from angry women
key Democratic supporters also wanted
more time to check the facts if I do not
have the opportunity to do that then
this senator would regrettably be in a
position that he would vote against the
nomination of Judge Clarence Thomas the
people have the right to know mr.
president the people have the right to
know the people have the right to know
that was Alva pal that was Allen Dixon
and the Clarence Thomas hearings were
reopened and law professor Anita Hill
testified about what she says she
experienced in terms of sexual
harassment and sexual humiliation from
her boss Clarence Thomas for her trouble
professor Hill was berated by the
all-male Judiciary Committee she became
an object of derision and defamation for
Clarence Thomas supporters
became something between a hero and a
cautionary tale for women of all
persuasions across the country as they
saw how professor Hill was treated but
Hills testimony put senator Alan Dixon
Democrat of Illinois in a little bit of
a personal pickle because he had made
that personal promise to the Republican
President George Bush before Anita Hill
ever came forward with this accusation
he had promised that he would vote YES
on Thomas before he ever heard of any of
these allegations from her what would he
do now now that he had heard what she
had to say
professor Hill's testimony was moving
incredible judge Thomas's denial was
forceful and equally credible so what
should the Senate do what should the
Senate do senator Allen Dickson decided
that what the Senate should do is
confirm Clarence Thomas to the Supreme
Court Thomas of course did get confirmed
by a very narrow vote was only 52 to 48
that was generally along party lines but
not entirely
Allen Dickson Alva Powell was one of the
Senate Democrats who voted YES on
Clarence Thomas and then after casting
that yes vote he had to go home to
Illinois now at this point in his career
Allen Dickson had won 29 consecutive
elections 29 in a row starting with the
first one he ever ran in at age 21 he
had never lost an election when he won
his US Senate seat in the first place he
won it in a walk by nearly 15 points
when he got reelected six years later in
1986 he won by 31 points by the time he
was ready to run for a third term in
1992 he honestly didn't even expect
anyone to run against him at the time he
cast that yes vote for Clarence Thomas
there was no Challenger declared to run
against him either from his own party or
from the Republican Party he cast his
vote for Clarence Thomas on October 15
1991 two days later on October 17th 1991
senator Allen Dixon went home to
Illinois to a Democratic Party
fundraiser at the Navy Pier in Chicago
and much to everyone's surprise hundreds
of women
showed up to pick it that Democratic
Party fundraiser and they were all
carrying the same sign dump Dixon you
can actually still see the dump Dixon
pins they made for that protest they're
in political history collections now but
the first dump Dixon protest was two
days after Dixon's yes vote for the
Clarence Thomas nomination two days
after that protest it's clear that
senator al Dixon Alva Powell was
starting to have a little bit of an
uh-oh moment about what that vote might
cost him this is from The Daily Dispatch
newspaper from Moline Illinois from
October 19 1991 so this is four days
after Dixon's yes vote on comet Thomas
it's only two days after we got picketed
by women protesters holding the dump
Dixon signs at a democratic fundraiser
this is two days after that and you see
Stevenson referenced in the headline
there that's former Illinois senator
Adlai Stevenson the reason Stevenson's
in the headline next to that picture of
Allen Dixon is because Allen Dixon at
this point was scrambling to shore up
all his endorsements to shore up his
position in the party to shore up his
position for re-election which is
something he had never thought he would
have to worry about the lead of the
article is about him lining up support
both personally and specifically for his
Clarence Thomas boat from foreigners
former senator Adlai Stevenson and also
so some getting the explicit endorsement
for his re-election from Illinois's of
their US senator the liberal Paul Simon
who importantly had voted against
Clarence Thomas al Dickson would quickly
go on to line up basically every other
endorsement in Democratic Party politics
including from Richard Daley the
all-powerful mayor of Chicago I mean
ostensibly Dickson at this point is a
completely bulletproof candidate he's
got the entire Democratic party
apparatus lined up behind him doesn't
have an enemy in the world he's never
lost an election his whole political
career has been based on the fact that
everybody likes him and seemingly
everybody does his track record of
delivering for his state he's sitting on
two million dollars in campaign funds
for that reelection race that year for a
race like that that was a fortune nobody
thought he'd even need to tap it but you
can tell
four days less than a week after that
yes phone and Clarence Thomas she could
tell he could sense something out there
rumbling that was not going to be good
for him quote Dixon said Friday he is
not afraid of a primary challenge and
warned possible opponents he will be a
tough candidate as he seeks a third term
in the Senate quote Dixon warned one
issue challengers he will fight for we
nominate telling a local radio station
quote I would appreciate not having a
primary battle but it's up to those
women those in the women's groups who
are expressing deep displeasure with
this vote my favorite part of this whole
moment in this little morality play is
this line right at the end of this local
story from four days after his Clarence
Thomas vote after Cook County recorder
of deeds carol moseley-braun was
mentioned as a potential challenger to
Dixon in the March primary quote a Dixon
aide took carol moseley-braun to lunch I
don't exactly know what the lunch was
for I can imagine I'm not sure the
wisdom of letting local reporters know
that you're doing that you're having
your staff try to talk this would be
primary challenger out of what she is
thinking about doing but the lunch
currently did not work
Allen Dixon voted YES on Clarence
Thomas's Supreme Court nomination in
October 1991 mid October by the
following month November 1991 carol
moseley-braun had entered the race to
run against him in the Democratic
primary that would follow several months
later in March of 1992 now again at this
point allen Dixon had won 29 straight
elections he had never lost
he was the number three Democrat in the
United States Senate he had the support
of every element of the Democratic power
structure he was sitting on millions of
dollars to run ads and to run his
get-out-the-vote operation which was
finely honed after decades in Illinois
politics accruing friends and allies and
people who owed him favors and the good
will of the people of his state carol
moseley-braun didn't have enough money
to run a single ad on TV until the week
before the election and she beat him she
beat him but kind of a lot she beat him
by like 50,000 votes
and then that November she went on to
win that US Senate seat by a big fat
10-point margin and that is how carol
moseley-braun became the first
african-american woman ever elected to
the United States Senate carol
moseley-braun becomes a one of a kind in
the US Senate earlier night she gave her
victory speech in Chicago here's part
quote from another Illinois I'm a great
16th President Abraham Lincoln let us
have faith that right makes might and
that in faith led us to the end dare to
do our duty as we understand it carol
moseley-braun on election night 1992
that's the same night that a young
Democrat named Bill Clinton turfed out
the incumbent Republican President of
the United States making George HW Bush
a one-term president today Maine
Republican senator Susan Collins appears
to have sealed the confirmation
prospects for Brett Kavanaugh for the US
Supreme Court after he faced more
serious sexual misconduct allegations
than even Clarence Thomas faced as a
nominee unless things change between now
and tomorrow afternoon when the final
vote is expected the vote on Cavanaugh
looks like it'll be 51 to 49 I mean
actually technically it'll be 50 to 48
to 1 because senator Murkowski is gonna
vote present instead of no because
senator Dane's is at his daughter's
wedding and for some reason that means
she needs to vote president basically
it's gonna be 51 to 49 which would put
it even closer than Potamus vote which
is 52 to 48 in our time this year this
vote on Cavanaugh is happening right
before the midterm elections the
midterms will be held on November 6th
exactly one month after tomorrow's vote
back in 1991 the Thomas vote happened
not in an election year but at the time
it happened at a time that gave women
plenty of time to decide that they might
want to run for office themselves in
response to what they seen happen with
nomination women who say they're new to
political activism and planning to get
involved in this year's elections for
many reasons this year just took on a
whole new tone with the changes in the
Supreme Court and the big elections this
fall and the chances that we have to
really turn the tide many women were
enraged last fall at how Anita Hill was
treated by an all-male Senate committee
after accusing Supreme Court nominee
Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment
within days this ad placed by a women's
group posed a question what if what if
women had sat on the committee instead
for every action there is an equal and
opposite reaction as Republicans crow
tonight over their apparent victory with
Cavanaugh's nomination as Democrats plan
to hold the floor of the Senate through
the night and even overnight and into
tomorrow even as more witnesses are
still coming forward tonight saying they
have information about Kavanagh or the
committee or for the FBI that may
corroborate sexual allegation sexual
assault allegations against Kavanaugh
and as NBC News reports tonight
witnesses are coming forward with
information that may indicate
Cavanaugh's involvement personally in
trying to quash one of the allegations
from his Yale classmate Deborah Ramirez
before that allegation ever became
public last month as those masa nations
continue among Democrats and among those
who have tried to sound the alarm that
Cavanaugh has lied to the committee and
that the allegations against him are
corroborated as we head toward what we
still expect to be tomorrow's final vote
tonight's Glee from Republicans is
definitely the current news cycle but
history might be the best help tonight
in trying to figure out what is likely
to happen next
joining us now is my friend Michael
Beschloss NBC News presidential
historian Michael it's great to have you
with us tonight thanks for being with us
on a really big night thank you it is a
big night Thank You Rachel in terms of
the vote here I want to mention one
little historical piece of trivia here I
mentioned that it doesn't look like
it'll be technically 51 to 49 it looks
like it'll be 52 like there's there's
going to be a print
if Cavanaugh is confirmed with 50 votes
we think that means it will be the
lowest total for a confirmed justice
since the Senate went to 100 members it
would be the narrowest vote since James
Garfield nominated Justice Stanley
Matthews in 1881 so I mean that's trivia
in terms of the numbers here but how do
you see this as a historian in terms of
the context of other very controversial
nominations well it isn't trivia because
it does show how you know how close this
is and how little real support little
enthusiasm there is for Cavanaugh and
you know I think this is by far the most
controversial nomination modern times we
always thought in recent years that
would be true of Clarence Thomas but
take a look at what Thomas said you
remember he was saying that this is a
high-tech lynching he was quite
indignant that was nothing like
Cavanaugh's rant when he came back to
testify and was talking about the system
being changed a search-and-destroy and
saying that this was politics you know
revenge on behalf of the Clintons that
was much more angry much more lack of
judicial temperament a lot more partisan
you know comparative Clarence Thomas in
terms of the relationship with the
president who selected him Clarence
Thomas had you know a courtly
relationship with George HW Bush but
Cavanaugh has been spending weeks at the
White House we've closeted with Donald
Trump's people trying to get this
nomination through and he goes to the
court in a situation which he is going
to be very indebted to Donald Trump and
one other thing Rachel you know there's
no law that says that members of the
Supreme Court have to be independent or
they have to be nonpartisan or they have
to show judicial and judicial
temperament the fact that he that
Cavanaugh is now being sent presumably
to the Supreme Court with all these
things as they are as we've seen the
last couple years a couple of weeks that
could suggest that the court is going to
go in a very different direction if the
court does go in a very different
direction if Cavanaugh does behave on
the court in the way that he seemed to
be threatening in that
Restatement last week where he's talking
about what goes around comes around
comes bang against Democratic senators
and the left and the Clintons and that
sort of statements that you said that
you correctly say are very different
even than what then what Clarence Thomas
was criticized for the anger in his
statement if that's borne out in terms
of his behavior on the court if he goes
up there for revenge some of the
Republican commentators today are
crowing about the fact that they're
pleased that they believe Cavanaugh has
been radicalized by this experience and
they hope he behaves as an
anti-democratic vengeful radicalized
judge on the bench what should we look
to in history in terms of understanding
how the public may view the court in
that context because it's still our
Supreme Court even if it does change
with his elevation yep the court loses
respect for itself it loses legitimacy
you know oftentimes that happens when
the court comes up with a ruling like
Plessy versus Ferguson saying that you
can have separate and equal and you know
segregation American life is fine and
you know the other thing that I think
lowers respect for the court rachel is
the fact that Cavanaugh goes to the
court with much more serious allegations
against him than was the case with
Clarence Thomas and this is not in 1991
this is in the age of the me2 movement
so in this age given people's
sensitivity and how hurt and angry
people feel about the kind of behavior
that was described during these hearings
this is a much bigger statement by the
Senate to the rest of the country and I
think it could actually radicalize a lot
of voters who will say I'm frustrated by
what's happening in the Supreme Court
this is a backlash against the social
progress that's been made since the
1950s and therefore those voters may
well say you know you were talking about
1992 this could be an avalanche compared
to that they may say this is going to
make me quadruple my efforts to elect a
new president in 2020 and elect a new
Congress a month from now Michael
Beschloss NBC News presidential
historian the man I most wanted to talk
to on this subject all day today when
you can tell in your living history
because it makes you want to talk to
Michael Beschloss thank you so much
being here alright one of the senators
who ran for the Senate as a result of
the Clarence Thomas nomination who has
now ended up in the middle of this fight
herself she joins us next elections have
consequences to women new senators
Dianne Feinstein and carol moseley-braun
were named to the Senate Judiciary
Committee the all-male panel which
conducted the Clarence Thomas Anita Hill
hearings
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
