we want to go back to Los Angeles where
we just were remember that is where
President Trump and Representatives to
President Trump and lawyers for store
McDaniels are in an LA courtroom
arguing over whether her case can move
forward after the FBI's recent raid on
Michael Cohen's home and office there
you see Michael avenatti who's probably
one of the most famous lawyers in the
world right now coming out to the
cameras here's what he said just moments
ago I'm going to make a brief statement
and then I'll take some questions first
of all we're very pleased with today's
hearing it's apparent to us that the
court recognized to quote the court that
there are gaping holes in the
application by mr. Cohen and mr. Trump
to delay this matter it has always been
our intention to make sure that this
case proceeded expeditiously and that as
much information as possible would be
known and made known to the American
people about what happened here all of
the facts relating to the negotiation
around this agreement the $130,000
payment and the cover-up that has
resulted as I'm sure each of you
observed we have one of the finest
federal judges in the country and signed
in this case relating to the Honorable
James Otero incredibly diligent very
very smart as today's
indicated and very very focused on what
matters and all constitutional issues in
this case there is no question that he
is going to ensure that mr. Cohen's
fifth Amendment rights are adequately
protected at the same time that the
rights of the American people and the
American public to know the truth are
equally protected all I'll take
questions well I was repeating what was
stated in New York by mr. Tom McVeigh
the very able competent and exceptional
assistant US attorney that's handling
the criminal matter in New York he
stated in open court on Monday that when
the FBI raided the office hotel room and
residence of mr. Cohen that they imaged
the electronic devices phones computers
and the like they left those behind it
only took the images with them together
with approximately 10 banker boxes full
of documents so I was just regurgitating
if you will what mr. McVeigh had stated
to judge wood on Monday I don't have any
reason to doubt that but how does that
make your case here well the other side
is arguing that somehow that they are
without information to adequately defend
themselves in connection with this case
which we think is completely bogus next
question hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
