with the national student walk outs
happening all over the country let's
take a moment to look at the gun culture
in our country according to the
Washington Post there are about three
hundred and fifty-seven million guns in
America that's more than the US
population which is at about 325 million
people Pew Research did a study on
exactly who owns these guns and found
that it's about thirty percent of US
adults
forty two percent of adults say someone
in their home owns a gun sixty-six
percent of gun owners say they own more
than one firearm so that math all ends
up making sense check out this map from
gun violence archives dot org there have
been almost 17,000 incidents involving
guns this year alone this is just this
year the website reports almost 4,300
deaths in 2018 almost 7,500 injuries
since the parkland shooting at least six
states have enacted some form of gun
safety laws from background checks to
requiring background checks to for all
firearm Burkitt's purchases - making it
harder for anyone who's convicted of
domestic violence to buy and own guns
joining me now is Captain Mark Kelly
co-founder of the group Giffords courage
to fight gun violence Captain Kelly good
to see you as always thank you for being
with me you and I saw each other the
morning of the March for our lives in
Washington DC and you are you and and
Gabby are optimists about change
occurring but you said something that
stuck with me you said if all of this
does not result in kids who can vote
registering to vote those who turn a
voting aids registering to vote and
these kids influencing their parents to
vote a certain way it won't mean
anything well that's true I mean at the
end of the day that's what really
matters is who we elect to office and to
elect people you got to turnout the
right people to vote these kids are
incredibly motivated this seems like it
might be a turning point I think we
might be at the at the corner here but
you know historically people under the
age of 30 vote at a pretty abysmal rate
we've seen some positive signs in
Virginia just this past fall you know
that rate went from 26 to 34 percent so
well we're on the right track here but
voting really matters you and Gabi were
gun owners your Second Amendment
supporters how do you deal with some of
the ugliness that has come out of this
in in which people who oppose what these
students are doing have really gone out
of their way to to demonize them to
belittle them to suggest that they are
there at the behest of the media and the
left and and and and things like that
well I've talked to a few of these kids
about that I mean this is all really new
to them I mean the vitriol out there on
this issue probably is you know at the
you know it's probably the the worse
that there is you know maybe up there
with you know choice and you know some
women's rights issues but you know
there's some pretty nasty people out
there but you know I told them you got a
you know if you're gonna be involved in
politics at this level you got to have
some thick skin don't spend a lot of
time reading the comments on things you
you post you got to do it a little bit
but you know maguet CZ ur over time
dealing with that
are we getting better or worse at having
a discussion about gun safety and
reasonable regulation without getting
the backs of of people who think getting
the backs up of people who think that
any discussion about gun safety or gun
regulation is an attack on the Second
Amendment I mean I I think it's easy to
hold both thoughts in your mind at the
same time that you can support the
concept of the Second Amendment and at
the same time believe in regulation
about the usage and purchase of guns we
are getting better without a doubt I
mean the politics on this issue is
clearly changing I mean just evidence of
that is you know just this past December
the NRA stopped priority was concealed
carry reciprocity there were ten
moderate Republicans that voted against
that bill that is much different than
when the vote was previously on that
same piece of legislation I think it was
in 2012 so we've come a long way on the
politics you can talk about gun safety
and stronger gun laws but also be a
supporter of the Second Amendment like
I am like Gabi is I mean we are we are
gun owners I've been in a gun owner my
entire adult life this is not about
taking guns away from responsible people
this is about safety in our communities
safety in our schools these kids get it
right they've been put in an incredibly
awful situation that they have to go to
school worried about about getting shot
and we can have it both ways we can have
you know firearms for people to protect
themselves but at the same time not make
it easy for people who are criminals or
dangerously mentally ill to get guns
let's talk a little about something
interesting whether it's these walk outs
today or the March for our lives and
that somehow this movement has been able
to coalesce and bring people in whose
concerns are different so the plight of
kids in urban centers where there are
lots of guns and gangs are being
included in this and I think that's sort
of an important development because
there are a lot of kids who are worried
about being shot not by somebody with a
semi-automatic weapon who comes into
their school but maybe somebody who is
already in their school or somebody who
is on the way home or somebody who's in
their neighborhood yeah well the kids
from Parkland you know were I mean they
were really smart to do this it was the
right thing to do
they wanted to that they understand that
this issue affects different students in
different way different ways if you live
in inner-city a poor inner-city
community you know gun violence is
something that maybe you're not thinking
about when you're at school yeah but
you're thinking about as you're going to
school or coming home every single day
you know this is a complicated issue
there's not one reason why we have
36,000 people dying from gunshot wounds
every year another eighty to a hundred
thousand shot and injured it's it's
complicated and affects different people
in different ways and it was great to
see those those kids from other
communities be a part of the March in DC
and because it's complicated we have to
look at it in different ways and and be
nuanced in our conversation which is
where I think we're going thank you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over
this list to see lots of other great
videos
