I want to ask you about George
papadopolis okay on page 189 of your
book you say in late July the FBI
learned that a trump campaign foreign
policy adviser named George papadopolis
had been discussing months earlier
obtaining from the Russian government
emails damaging to Hillary Clinton now
that's that was news to me in the book
and I know the FBI had to sign off and
everything that's in the book
but the statement of the fence around
George papadopolis just says that he was
told that the Russians had emails of
Hillary Clinton's you appear to be going
further here saying that it was more
than that that he actually was in
conversations with them about obtaining
those emails presumably for the Trump
campaign is that how you meant that yeah
I took that that comes from the public
source of that is the the two versions
of the memo I don't know what they call
it from the hypsi over the the page FISA
okay
and so that's an accurate description I
think what is in the public record so
Papadopoulos that information came to
the FBI and the FBI brought together an
multi-agency working group to start this
investigation or the FBI start this on
its own
the FBI opened it in our
counterintelligence division in late
July of 2016
okay that timing ends up being important
for the later politicization of that
question because there have been a lot
of allegations that maybe the FBI
started that investigation because of
Christopher Steele's dossier those
intelligence memos that he prepared
that's not true not true did the FBI
have a relationship with Christopher
Steele that you would consider to be a
one of trust useful and useful
relationship a fruitful relationship
with him all I'm permitted to say about
that as I understand it is he was
considered a reliable person by the FBI
okay
and in terms of how that broke down I
want to talk to you a little bit about
some stuff that happened closer to the
election but it seems like there was a
mutual breakdown in the relationship
between mr. Steele and the FBI getting
close to the time of the election is
that he's characterized it that way
would you see it that way as well yeah I
don't know anything about that and if I
did I wouldn't say but I don't know
anything about it all right I'm going to
ask you more questions that you can
answer well again in part because that
just came out James Comey is our guest
tonight stay with us
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
