thanks to at home for joining us this
hour our guest tonight is James Comey
who was the director of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation until President
Trump relieved him of that role last
year that firing has reportedly led to
the President himself coming under legal
scrutiny for potential obstruction of
justice now as me and the whole staff
here we're preparing for this interview
tonight with mr. Comey some news broke
about mr. Comey you will remember that
he was fired last May May 9th the
following day on May 10th president
Trump surprised hosted two Russian
government officials in the Oval Office
where he told them quote I just fired
the head of the FBI he was crazy a real
nutjob I faced great pressure because of
Russia that's taken off that was May
10th the day after the president fired
mr. Comey the following day May 11th
President Trump told NBC's Lester Holt
that what he had had foremost in his
mind when he decided to fire mr. Comey
was the Russia investigation now in
terms of criminal law if the president
fired the FBI director because it was a
Tuesday or because he decided he just
likes a lot of turnover in national
security jobs or just because James
Comey rubbed him the wrong way for no
meaningful reason that would basically
be fine legally the president can fire
presidential appointees without anybody
telling him that he can't if however the
president fired mr. Comey because of the
Russia investigation because he wanted
to influence an ongoing FBI and Vista
investigation into him and his campaign
that Comey was overseeing as FBI
director well that might be obstruction
of justice criminal liability here
hinges on intent evidence of the
president's intent in that firing that's
everything so the 9th Comey is fired the
10th the president tells Russian
officials that firing him will take off
great pressure because of Russia the
11th he tells NBC News he's thinking
about the Russian investigation when he
fires the man all potentially evidence
of intent enough to sink the President
on that - no but then just a few days
later exactly one week after mr. Comey
was fired we learned on
sixteenth from this New York Times
report that mr. Comey had written
several memos contemporaneous memos
documenting his interactions with the
president interactions that led up to
him being fired mr. Comey had given at
least one of those memos to a friend who
shared it with The Times it was a memo
about a now very famous interaction in
the Oval Office in which mr. Comey
claims President Trump asked him to drop
the Russia investigation into his
national security adviser Mike Flynn The
Times reported quote mr. Comey also
created similar memos including some
that are classified about every phone
call and meeting he had with the
president so The Times reported the
existence of those memos on a Tuesday
one week after Comey was fired later
that same day the FBI got the first
request from a congressional Republican
to hand those memos over to Congress
Republican congressman jason Chaffetz
was the chair of the House Oversight
Committee then he's since left for a gig
at Fox News but congressman Chaffetz
wrote to the FBI that same day the memos
were first reported and he insisted that
the bureau hand over quote all memoranda
note summaries and recordings referring
or relating to any communications
between Comey and the president which
created this very interesting question
would the FBI hand those over does the
FBI even have the option to hand those
over if those memos are going to end up
being evidence in a live FBI criminal
investigation well the very next day the
day after the existence of those memos
was revealed and Congress demanded to
see them Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein appointed robert muller to be
a special counsel to take over the
russia investigation and if commis
firing was directly connected to the
russia investigation which Trump himself
had said it was then commis firing would
presumably fall under the remit of the
special counsels active open
investigation and so the FBI said no the
FBI told Congress no we cannot turn over
James Comey x' memos to you because they
are evidence in an ongoing investigation
and we don't turn over evidence in an
ongoing investigation to anyone that
standoff between the FBI and
congressional Republicans over Mis
commis memos it's been going on ever
since ever since May of last year
Republicans in Congress demanded that
the FBI handed over the memos the they
demanded that rod Rosen Stein make the
FBI turned them over rod Rosenstein said
no that tracks with long-standing
precedent at the Justice Department
evidence in ongoing criminal
investigations is closely guarded in
this case in particular given what we've
seen over the last year or so there's in
addition for being real here every
reason to believe that if those memos or
any other evidence was turned over to
congressional Republicans it would
probably be leaked perhaps selectively
to the media and it seemed safe to guess
that any such material would also be
shared with the President and his legal
team while the president's or at least
his campaign is the subject of the
special counsels ongoing investigation
and reportedly that includes an
investigation of whether the cop the
firing of mr. Comey is evidence of
obstruction of justice so that is where
things stood until right now until
tonight after days of reporting that
Republicans in Congress were putting
incredible pressure on rod Rosen Stein
too produced documents threatening to
hold him in contempt of Congress
threatening to impeach him tonight the
Justice Department has handed over to
Congress mr. commis memos about his
interactions with the president memos
that presumably are still important
evidence in an investigation that we
believe is still under way so it is
fortuitous timing that the man who wrote
these memos is our guest tonight I'm
very much looking forward to asking him
about that and everything else under the
Sun James Comey has been a lifelong
public servant and law enforcement
professional he served as a federal
prosecutor in the Eastern District of
Virginia and in the Southern District of
New York where he rose to become the US
attorney in the Southern District he
then became Deputy Attorney General of
the United States and then director of
the FBI at this point he expected to be
about halfway through the normal 10-year
term for an FBI director but President
Trump fired him in May mr. Comey has now
written a book about his time in public
life and his views of ethical leadership
it is a book that is driving everybody
absolutely crazy up to and including the
president it's called a higher loyalty
truth lies and leaders
ship director Comey it's really nice to
meet you thanks for babies great to meet
you great to be here um thank you for
timing this whole thing so that the
memos came out right before you sat down
I have no idea yeah and I haven't
actually had a chance to read exactly
what they have released I can tell you
how they start what follows are notes I
typed in the vehicle immediately upon
exiting Trump Tower on one 617 although
I wrote this in less than five minutes
after the meeting and have tried to use
actual words spoken including quoting
directly in some places I have not used
quotation marks throughout because my
purpose was to capture the substance of
what was said I'm not sure the proper
classification here so have chosen
secret please let me know if it should
be higher or lower than that you
recognize those as your words I do
why did you explain to Congress that you
didn't write memos like this after other
interactions with other presidents what
trained you or told you or made you
believe that you should write a memo
like this after interactions with
President Trump well the first meeting
in particular I was concerned that I
needed a record to show the other
Intelligence Agency Chiefs who had been
with me but didn't stay behind for the
second private meeting and it also was
worried that I was meeting alone with
the president to talk about things that
were relating to him into the FBI's core
responsibilities and given the nature of
the person as I understood the
president-elect he might not tell the
truth about those if it ever became an
issue and so I needed a written record
and is this sort of thing that FBI
officials and even FBI special agents
and people throughout the bureau do as a
matter of course is there sort of a
template for this kind of thing do you
train one another that this is the way
to approach your your role as a
potential witness and an important
interaction these are different than
what agents would normally do agents
would normally prepare at what's called
a 302 and make it an official record
this was an email to my team who hadn't
been there just telling them what went
on the other memos I wrote were more for
aides from my own memory none of them
were done and sort of the way an FBI
agent would do I'm not an FBI agent I
wasn't I was the director you have
shared a lot of your details in
congressional testimony in particular
and now in
look which I've buried under my notes
here about your meetings and
interactions with President Trump and so
we know some of what is in these memos
is is Congress is the public going to
learn substantially new information and
important new information about your
interactions with the President or do
you feel like you conveyed the most
important stuff to Congress I don't know
because I don't I had access to my memos
in quite a while so I don't know whether
there's significant stuff that's in
there that I wasn't able to tell in the
book I don't think so but I haven't read
them myself and so I'm okay with
transparency I just assumed the
department justice went through the
steps to make sure that it wasn't
jeopardizing an ongoing investigation
well I mean to that point you say in the
book that you don't know if the
president's requests to you about the
Russia investigation and your firing
constitute an obstruction of justice you
said a prosecutor would need to review
all the evidence of the president's
intent behind those actions in order to
do that do you think these memos are
part of the evidence that a prosecutor
Robert Muller or somebody else should be
considering when determining the
president's intent yes in this way I'm
sure the Special Counsel is considering
my recollection of those events which
are reflected in these memos but it's my
recollection that is the evidence that
will be used if there was ever a
proceeding these would be to show that I
wrote it down at the time sort of the
bolster the credibility of my
recollection can it as a general matter
impede an ongoing investigation to have
central evidence important evidence made
available to the public and that of
course includes being shown to the
person who may be the subject of
investigation could in general it could
yeah we depend upon the circumstances of
the case and the material and in this
case do you worry that that's a
possibility I don't know because I
haven't gone through them in detail I
think all the significant parts are also
in my book which the FBI reviewed and
approved as part of the pre-publication
review so I really can't say here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
