Virginia Democratic Senator Mark Warner
he's the vice chair of the Senate
Intelligence Committee which is leading
its own investigation of the Russian
interference in the 2016 election and
I'm guessing he knows some of these
unknowns
senator Warner welcome back to the show
well Thank You Chuck and there were
certain things as you went through that
list that was pretty comprehensive that
you didn't include we know for a fact
that the heads of the FBI the CIA the
NSA the whole intelligence community
came to a conclusion over a year ago
that the Russian intervention in the
2016 election was to favor Trump and to
hurt Clinton and that was commissioned
at the highest levels of the Russian
government we also know that all of the
Trump appointees to their the FBI and
other positions have reinforced that
same conclusion and we know you
mentioned mr. Papadopoulos that there
are beyond the June meeting with the
Russian operative that there were a
series of outreach efforts by the
Russians to at least Trump affiliates
that are now published and the final
thing we know is that today versus even
seven or eight months ago the volume and
this is not even talking about the
things that are that I would know that
the listening audience doesn't but the
volume of contacts between Russians and
Trump officials if it's all coincidence
it is a statistical anomaly in terms of
a number I want to unpack some that I
love that you picked up on our theme
there and added some you said that there
were a series of attempted contacts with
Trump affiliates is this is this
information you your investigation is
uncovered or is this something we've
been briefed on by Muller if we would
just point out that what is in the
public domain we know that there was
outreach to mr. Papadopoulos we know
there was outreach in this famous Trump
Tower meeting we know that there was at
least some communication between Trump
confidant Roger stone and WikiLeaks and
Julian Assange
gotcha so that's what you're referring
to well I'm referring to what is on the
on the record already publicly and I at
this point I'll just leave it at that
fair enough
let me ask you about Michael Cohen how
integral is he to your investigation he
came before your committee I believe in
October what did you learn it was much
later well again I'm not gonna comment
on the specifics of any single witness
mr. Cohen did come in and testify he'd
made a commitment that he would come
back and testify before the whole
committee most of our preliminary
preliminary questioning is done by the
staff not by the Senators I for one
would still like to get him in front of
the whole Senate committee and ask him
questions that may be a little bit more
difficult to do now that his case has
been criminally referred but I still
hold on
some hope do you consider him an
integral part of the Russia
investigation or not I believe that the
level of legal scrutiny and this is from
actual legal experts to go in and make a
referral remember this was referred from
Muller to the Southern District of New
York yeah to make that referral that
then had to go through a judge issuing a
subpoena that would actually deal with
the lawyer client privilege
that's a pretty darn high bar a much
higher bar than a traditional I mean at
least in terms of experts have told me
so clearly there are series of
prosecutors and at least one judge that
I believe wouldn't have issued that
subpoena if they didn't think he was
critically important to the overall case
well I understand that but when you what
I guess the question is what case are we
referring to here that's what I'm asking
do you believe Michael Cohen is a
critical heart portion of the
investigation into Russia collusion I
think there's plenty of public evidence
again that Michael Cohen and Felix Sater
and others were involved in a series of
conversations about a trump tower
project in Moscow there are lots of
other reports about where mr. Cohen may
have been or may not have been during
the campaign
not going to comment on any of those but
I think that as this all winds out that
clearly mr. Cohen has been known as kind
of mr. Trump's fixer on a variety of
projects business and otherwise and I
think yeah he's got a lot to tell so if
if you have if you can't get mr. Cohen
to come back before the committee does
it mean you're gonna have an incomplete
investigation well we're trying to take
our investigation chunk by chunk the
first chunk we took on was election
security we also know that the Russians
intervened at least touched 21 states
electoral systems and we're almost a
year and a half after the 2016 election
and this White House has still not made
it a priority to make sure that our
voting systems are safe so thank
goodness the Senate Intelligence
Committee in a bipartisan way came out
with recommendations we've got some
money in the budget
we actually got a recommendation make
sure there's a paper trail on a chrome
machine again a thing we know the next
stage will be before reference back to
the initial intelligence community
assessments we're going to look at
social media and we'll ultimately get to
the question of collusion that's gonna
take us some more time we're still
seeing witnesses but at the same time
you've obviously got the Muller
investigation moving at its own pace as
well I was just going to say it feels
that the Muller investigation is just in
another it's in another Lane here do you
think your investigation will ever be as
complete as Muller's or is Muller the
investigation and and you guys are the
almost you're there to figure out what
is the Congressional response well I
think we are there to do a
counterintelligence investigation Russia
intervened we wanted to find out how
they did it how we prevent it and we
wanted to find out whether Russia
colluded or had any kind of combination
with either campaign particularly the
Trump campaign and clearly Muller has
pointed out and as well as some of the
investigation we have that there were at
least outreach efforts we also know that
firms like Cambridge analytical that
have rather sketchy history were used by
the Trump campaign in terms of social
media they also have
done some work around countries all
around the world now Mahler clearly has
a bunch of tools that we don't have
right Muller can threaten you with the
subpoena threaten you with criminal
justice sanctions he's indicted 19
people and I think he's got tools and
will go on a criminal direction there
will probably be more extensive than
what we have but we have an awful lot of
information that ultimately I hope we'll
get out to the public since June I've
been talking the reasons and that's one
of the reasons why it's so critically
important Chuck that we let mr. Muller
finished that the president not fire
Muller and not fire rod Rosenstein you
know this guy mr. Trump continues to say
there's no there there well then let
these investigations
speaking of Rod Rosenstein Muller the
president since you and I started
talking has another as a new lawyer Rudy
Giuliani is confirmed just told The
Washington Post he says quote I'm doing
it because I hope we can negotiate an
end to this for the good of the country
and because I have a high regard for the
President and for Bob Muller any
reaction to the president
tapping Rudy Giuliani for his legal team
you know this legal team seems to expand
and contract based upon the president's
tweet each of the day no comment on on
mr. Giuliani mr. Rosen Stein Alan
Dershowitz is MIT has made a case to me
and he's made the case to others that he
thinks that rod Rosenstein should have
to recuse himself at least on the
obstruction part of this because he
wrote the memo that recommended firing
Comey
he would be a witness how can he oversee
the probe what's your take on that well
I like the law school I actually had
allinger's which as a teacher he's a
smart guy but I think that legal experts
that I've heard from do not believe mr.
Rosenstein would need to recuse himself
at all no one has raised this theory
until very recently I think you know mr.
Rosen's ink was put in place remember
mr. Rosenstein was a lifelong Justice
Department official and long-term
Republican appointee he was put in as
someone to try to in
when sessions had to recuse himself so I
don't think Rosenstein needs to Mike
bigot one of my biggest concerns right
now Chuck though is with mr. Trump and
his allies you've got these broad-based
attacks against the overall integrity of
the FBI the overall integrity of Justice
Department my fear is we're going to end
up in a place where people start
deciding which laws they want to follow
and which ones they don't and that's why
Muller and Rosenstein need to stay in
place the investigations have to finish
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
said he decides what goes on the floor
and he alone will not allow that Muller
protection bill on the floor is that
going to hold in the Senate well I hope
that the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee goes ahead and marks up this
legislation I think you would get broad
bipartisan support virtually every
Republican I've talked to has said you
know gosh they think if they thought if
he Trump fired Muller it'd be the end of
his presidency well if they feel that
way let's protect Muller and let's go
ahead and put it in the statute you
voted YES on Mike Pompeo for CIA
director have you made a decision on
Mike Pompeo Secretary of State Chuck
I've not I have had a good working
relationship with Mike Pompeo Epps and
see how it's the case against it why is
it okay for you but that statement this
is a challenging time when mr.
congressman then Pompeo was hired to run
an agency that didn't have to deal
necessarily with diplomacy some of his
comments in the past I think he's he's
tried to correct some of those but I'm
still wrestling with this I mean at this
moment in time when this president is so
erratic on foreign policy we need a
steadying hand I think Jim mattis is a
steadying hand I'm considering whether
Mike Pompeo would be a steadying hand
some of the new individuals that have
been brought in mr. Bolten and others I
do not believe are studying hands so
that's the question I've got away this
is a really important choice all right
but if not him if not him who right I
mean it is the president under that are
I that that is something that I'm laying
as well if not him - who else would the
president come forward with but under
that under that reasoning yeah and I've
actually voted for the vast majority of
mr. Trump's an appointee including mr.
Tillerson for example and got a lot of
grief for
thought he'd bring more balance and
unfortunately he wasn't able to execute
as well as I'd hoped
mark warner vice chair of the Senate
Intelligence Committee obviously the
Democratic face of that probe along with
his partner there Richard burr the
Republican North Carolina senator Warner
thanks for coming on and sharing your
views I appreciate Thank You Chuck
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
