we'll go back tonight and meet the
midterms get off my lawn sign that is
I'm talking about some drama breaking
out in vice president pence his own
backyard lawn sides I kind of always
loved these stories let me explain
Republican congressman Todd Rokita is
running in the Republican primary for us
in Indiana and his campaign yard signs
prominently display in big letters
endorsed by Trump pence followed in
smaller letters by 2016 Indiana team
leaders what's missing there an
apostrophe s perhaps because you see R
Okita has not been endorsed by Trump or
pence but rather by two volunteers of
the Trump pence 2016 Indiana campaign
operation so the lawn signs technically
correct it's like reading the fine print
right and The Associated Press is
reporting that the Trump 2020 campaign
not so happy about this folks remember
vice president Mike Pence his last job
was governor of Indiana so the
endorsement would carry some weight
there and wrote Kida knows it fact he's
known for carrying a cardboard cutout of
the President to campaign rallies and he
dons the mega hot make america great hat
in TV ads and he likes to hit his
primary opponent fellow congressman Luke
Messer for being a never Trump er Trump
campaign is reportedly demanding the
Roky design to be taken care of taken
down the Rokita campaign until the AP
quote we do not comment on yard sign
strategy good to know primary election
day is May 8 that's pretty quick can
everybody just pretend to be paver Lee
until then hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
