president Trump's expected meeting with
North Korean leader Kim jong-un is
showing some signs of promise today the
North reportedly expressing a commitment
to quote completely denuclearize without
conditions including dropping a demand
for US troops to withdraw from South
Korea that's according to South Korea's
president moon jae-in who set to meet
with Kim jong-un in a historic summit
next month for decades North Korea has
viewed US troops in that region as a
threat they've also used it to justify
its development of its nuclear arsenal
on Wednesday President Trump sounding
optimistic about his meeting with Kim
but also left room to pull out if things
don't go his way if I think that it's a
meeting that is not going to be fruitful
we're not going to go if the meeting
when I'm there is not fruitful I will
respectfully leave the meeting and ecard
former White House chief of staff and
the president george w bush joins me now
he's also an MSNBC political analyst
always good to have you heard president
Trump there the caveat there's a lot of
speculation at this point about how it's
going to go where the meetings going to
actually take place
this is Rear Admiral James stavridis on
Morning Joe this morning talking a
little bit about the meeting itself take
a listen I think president Trump somehow
feels he will walk in slap the table
like he's selling a building in
Manhattan and walk out the door to
collect his Nobel Peace Prize ain't
gonna happen that way
this is gonna be a process that has to
unfold you share that assessment
Admiral Street is exactly right this is
not likely to be an event where the
words spoken at the meeting are going to
mean the end of the debate you're gonna
have to have a lot of negotiations of
what any agreement would mean the
president's gonna have to make some
tough decisions is it just about the
nukes or does it include all of the
human rights violations that we know
take place in North Korea so this is
very tricky and we also don't have a
track record of trust from the North
Koreans they haven't respected the
disease
deels they've made it in the past and
you've been around for some of some of
those deals so it's very frustrating and
the other players in the greater
community China Russia Japan all have to
be cognizant of any deal that is made
and be a winning partner so that's a
it's a heavy lift to go into this it's
not nothing you can do now evilly I hope
the White House is game-planning lots of
different options and president Trump I
think this is is remarkable opportunity
it's an unprecedented opportunity it's
kind of a dangerous opportunity as well
because we have to game this place this
thing out and see what you're going to
happen and how to perform when you get
into the meeting itself and if the
president does walk out on it what does
that meet what are the consequences to
that let's talk about CIA director Mike
Pompeo currently the nominee for
Secretary of State as well the New York
Times noting quote however trusted by
the president mr. Pompeo is hardly a
traditional emissary he is not yet the
nation's chief diplomat but a lame-duck
as the nation's spy master this is a
president has expressed that a lot of
confidence in Mike Pompeo is Pompeo the
guy to take these negotiations head-on
as should he be our point man well I
think I believe the president has the
right to have a Secretary of State that
he wants we don't want him to have a
relationship with the secretary of the
state where they don't talk to each
other or don't find a way to common
common understanding what to say in the
diplomatic community so if the president
wants Mike po'pay Mike Pompeo he's the
right guy to be there I happen to
support him I think that it was not
inappropriate for him to go to North
Korea as the head of director of the CIA
directors of the CIA for virtually every
president that I've been familiar with
have traveled on kind of pre diplomatic
missions to figure out what might be
going on so I don't think that that was
a bad thing for Mike Pompeo to have done
do you think the stake was he didn't
acknowledge it when he met with members
right the hill you'd-you'd so you do
think that lawmakers on the hill should
have been given that they should have
been especially in the the non-public
aspect and the intelligence committees
he should have reported on the reach
grip or at least give them the heads-up
I went there I can't tell you what I
talked about and there you're hopping on
a plane tomorrow you're gonna head to
Houston Texas as this country gets ready
to remember former first lady and first
mother Barbara Bush and over the past
few days Andy one of the things that
struck me is so much talk about her
being a matriarch the head of this
political dynasty but Barbara Bush was
so much more than that oh she was so
much well first of all she was a
conscience for truth and I witnessed how
she was a conscience for truth with her
husband when he was president with her
son when he was president and with the
other boys in the family and the
daughter Doral and she was a person who
would weigh on you for a long time so
Barbara Bush may be gone now but her
conscience is still there so she is a
presence was she a matriarch kind of
manipulating and coordinating no she was
a matriarch because she lived a life
that others should follow and she called
you to do the right thing she was a
point of light beyond comprehension she
was a very stellar example of what love
is all about and she loved her husband
she loved her children and she was
loving to everybody else
sometimes that included tough love and
e-card we will live it there always
enjoy your perspective sir thank you
Steve travels as well thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
