a legal source familiar with the issue
since the Justice Department has
received a referral recommending a
criminal charge against Andrew McCabe
for lying to federal investigators
joining me now from Washington as NBC's
Pete Williams at Pete you got this
confirmed explain it to us sure so this
is the result of the Inspector General's
report that came out last week saying
that Andrew McCabe repeatedly lied to
the FBI and to the Inspector General's
investigators about whether he was the
source of a leak about the FBI's
investigation of the Clinton Foundation
during 2016 according to the IG report
McKay repeatedly denied that he was the
source his lawyer said that he later
corrected this and went back to the
investigators and said look I I've
thought about this some more I see now
what you're asking and and confirmed
that he did authorize FBI people to talk
to this reporter about the Clinton
Foundation investigation so his lawyer
has said that it that it is not correct
that he lied that he did go back and
correct it nonetheless the Inspector
General has now and this is the term of
art they use at the Justice Department
referred this to the Justice Department
to consider prosecution so this is
merely a recommendation this is sort of
a formal here's what we found
report to the Justice Department
referrals don't always result in
criminal charges the most famous example
Katie would be the referral from the
Intelligence Group about Hillary
Clinton's use of emails as I think
everyone knows now that did not result
in criminal charges there was a long
investigation but there were no charges
so the mere fact that there's a referral
doesn't mean that there will be charges
it's going to be up to the Justice
Department prosecutors to decide that
these lying to the feds cases are quite
common in the courts but you have to
prove what was in the person's mind at
the time they made the statements that
are the source of the charge did they
intend to mislead yeah and so that'll be
a big question here so it's it's it's
certainly a problem for Andrew McCabe I
think it's fair to say it's what he
feared would come out of this inspector
general report but it doesn't mean that
he's going to be charged well were we
expecting this happen and by we I mean
people who understand how this sort of
thing works I think the best way to say
is it was seen as a very possible
outcome of the IG report it doesn't it
didn't say it in the report
it's a separate referral but it
certainly seemed to be the way that
report was leaning though the report was
a pretty unforgiving of McCabe's conduct
Pete Williams Pete thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
