and joining me now as promised senator
bob Corker the chairman of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee senator
welcome and thank you very much being
with us and we good to be with you thank
you well so much hit play and it's all
right in your lap when we talk about
Syria in North Korea the confirmations
let's start with North Korea the
president was very let's just say
unusual in his description of how we
would handle this meeting yesterday when
he said well if it doesn't go well I'll
walk out if it doesn't well well we go
well we won't even have it there's no
indication that they even brought up the
whole question of three Americans being
held there how comfortable are you with
the way they're approaching this well
Andrea look I think all of us want to
make sure that the meeting is set up
well and that the professionals who
prepare the way are highly involved in a
lot of precursor meetings I was that's
one of the reason of glad Mike Pompeo
was there I think you know because of
what you do every day that our
back-channel of North Korea has always
been through the CIA and so Mike was
exactly the right person to begin to
begin the conversations but look we need
that our Department of Energy have
leaders we need folks from defense I
mean all of these people need to be
meeting with those around kim jeong-hoon
who were going to influence him and get
the meeting set right in the first place
otherwise you know it's just a social
event and nothing occurs so it seems to
me that the White House is taking
seriously the preparation I hope
there'll be many other individuals there
meeting in advance and look I think all
of us need to know look we need to
approach this with skepticism and
caution kim jeong-hoon
has developed these weapons
that hope that he bullet be hopes will
be deliverable to the United States in
order to to get a ticket towards dying
as an old man in his bed
it's his survival and so I don't think
we should think that a meeting if you
will all of a sudden he's going to give
that up it's going to take a lot of work
over to me probably a long period of
time
Admirals javita's who of course as you
know is the former NATO supreme Allied
commander was speaking on Morning Joe
today I wanted to share with you part of
what he had to say I think president
Trump somehow feels he will walk in slap
the table like he's selling a building
in Manhattan and walk out the door to
collect his Nobel Peace Prize ain't
gonna happen that way this is going to
be a process that has to unfold does he
have a pretty well I don't know what the
president's mindset is exactly and as
you know they can changes from time to
time but but I agree with this comment I
mean it's not going to be that way and
and it's going to take some some
diligence and patience and and yet
continued pressure on them you know one
of the things we don't want to do Andrea
like has happened everything in the past
and that is that is when we sit down to
talk we relieve pressure I think this
administration is committed to
continuing to put more and more pressure
on and hopefully it'll over the long
haul there'll be a breakthrough
did Mike Pompeo tell you or anybody else
at Foreign Relations when he was up for
his hearing that he had actually gone to
North Korea yeah he did not I don't
think anyone I know one of the members
was sharing with me yesterday that that
he was you know a little concerned that
he hadn't shared that with him on the
other hand none of us asked I didn't ask
I didn't know it but it certainly didn't
bother me actually I was glad as I
mentioned that my earlier comments that
the administration is taking these kind
of preparations and having someone like
him there so so I wouldn't have just
told it I mean I mean I I wouldn't have
just volunteered it the CIA does a lot
of things that we don't know about even
the leaders of the committee the
Intelligence Committee don't know some
of the things that are underway so it
didn't bother me at all and I don't
think it really bothers many people I've
known some number a number of the
Democrats on our committee have said
that they were actually very
appreciative that he'd been involved in
this at this stage in fact there have
been some suggestions that that might
have been leaked in order to help his
confirmation process very good
could have been you know you know about
these things more so than me but that
could have happened well it's a very
closely divided vote right now ten
negative nine in favor on committee and
he can get confirmed without the
recommendation of the committee although
it's never happened for Secretary of
State
Rand Paul let me share with you what he
had just said about whether he would
change his vote I just spoke with the
president a few minutes ago and he asked
if I would meet with Pompeo I have not
yet met with him individually and
because the president asked me to and
because I have a great deal of respect
to the president I will meet with
director Pompeo some time before the
yes
the meeting right now and we'll see what
comes of the meeting he's clearly the
key because the Democrats we don't know
yet for sure what Chris Coons is gonna
do but the Democrats seem to be voting
in a block Rand Paul right now the only
Republican voting against we don't know
what Jeff Flake will do you think Rand
Paul is open to changing how important
is that to try to get them out of
committee with at least a favorable vote
I do look it doesn't matter to me Andrea
how he gets out of committee so look I
let the president influence Rand and
friend of mine I'll I'll leave that to
the White House and I hope they have a
good meeting today with Pompey or
whenever it takes place but Andrea if I
could look I understand where we are and
you do too I just saw you the other day
in the hallway always enjoys seeing yeah
you know Mike Pompeo was at West Point
topic class Harvard Law Review served in
the military patrolling the Iron Curtain
understands the importance of diplomacy
has built a great culture which we
needed the State Department at the CIA
look Secretary Clinton and secretary
Kerry will both confirm with 94 votes
you don't think they said things when
they were running for president that
Republicans disagreed with I mean come
on I mean with you and I both understand
that Mike Pompeo is very who could know
more about what's happening around the
world than the director of the CIA no
one he knows more about what's happening
around the world today than anybody here
in Washington this is we understand I
don't even want to give him a hard time
I just want to get him confirmed but my
friends my Democratic friends who
know that the the base I hate that word
but the base if you will on the lap of
view this as a vote a proxy vote in
support of Trump obviously are finding
ways to not vote for him this is very
much against any kind of tradition that
we've had here you know that and there's
nothing in Pompey's pass that in any way
could possibly disqualify him from from
getting an up-or-down vote on the floor
and it should be overwhelming but we
just live in a hyper partisan time I
don't even want to give my friends a
hard time because I know the pressure
that they are under from this this base
of people that have poor the President
and but I would just say to you and to
everybody listening and certainly my
Democratic friends are you kidding me
you don't want someone like Mike Pompeo
to go in with somebody like secretary
mattis and and ensure that the right
kind of advice is given to our president
who takes all kinds of input from all
kinds of people at night and early in
the morning you don't want them sitting
and talking with them about how terrible
it would be just to walk out of Syria
without finishing dealing with Isis we
don't want him doing that so you and I
know where this is we know that this is
most unusual
and I would say inappropriate I don't
even like up when I talk to my friends
on on the Democratic side I don't even
want to give them a hard time because I
know what it is they're dealing with but
we need to getting confirmed and people
on both sides of the aisle should want
someone like him sitting with the
president making sure that the president
has the right kind of input before he
makes decisions well in fact you said
something at the Christian Science
Monitor breakfast yesterday about what
what your Republican colleagues are
saying and thinking let me play that for
you
look any Republican senator that hasn't
been conflicted over this presidency is
either comatose or is pretty useless in
their blindness some of it I would
attribute to just the constant chaos
that occurs in the lack of just the way
the decision-making process is or isn't
I mean you said back in October that
there was a lack of it's a shame that
the White House has become an adult
daycare center who's left at the White
House looking after the president now
now that you've got children gone Kelly
disempowered if you will
president not listening to him so other
than maddis who's in charge of the adult
daycare well look the everything that
was just said speaks to the fact that we
need Mike Pompeo to be confirmed and by
the way I would think if he took a true
sirum to two people on both sides of the
aisle they would want to ensure that
someone like Mike Pompeo is sitting at
the table with the president and leading
our diplomatic efforts so I you know
that I know that they know that we're
probably going to have a very tight vote
I'm hoping and I think he's going to be
confirmed and thankfully be in a
position to to be one of those people as
you just mentioned Mike mattis who's
sitting there with with general Kelly
and others advising the president so
it's going to happen I think I wish it
would happen a little bit more
overwhelming manner but our nation
everybody in your audience we're
listening audience should hope that
someone with this qualifications will be
sitting there advising the President on
what direction to take on our behalf
earlier today you said you were not even
sure that President Trump would run you
were asked whether he would support him
in 2020 he's already named a campaign
manager Brad Pasquale so isn't it clear
that he is raising money he's got
campaign organizational ready for 2020
Andrea the last thing last person around
here that would know what's happening in
the presidential campaign from the White
House will be me I have no idea what's
going on I you know presidents I think
always want to at least act like they're
running for reelection because they
became they become lame ducks I have no
idea if the president's gonna run for
reelection no idea who the other not
people might be that would be running
against them and I think most people
with prudence are going to wait and see
what the fields like if the president
even seeks re-election I don't have any
indication that that's a sure thing and
might even bet against it I don't know
but but we'll see what happens as time
goes on
I was nikki Haley right when she said on
Sunday that there was going to be Russia
sanctions more sanctions and then
undercut clearly by the White House by
Larry Kudlow saying that there was no
such decision the president changed his
mind that she was confused she said she
doesn't get confused what's the deal
there with us telling the Russian
embassy in Washington that there are not
going to be sanctions so so so look I
don't know what happened there Andrea
but look I you know just look at the
last few weeks we were going to put
tariffs in place against our European
Union friends and and then we did we
were gonna put tariffs in thankfully we
were going to tear us in place against
Canada and then we did and then we're
gonna do it against Mexico and then we
did you know we were going to pull out
of Syria and then we're not so look it's
a it's a sort of a chaotic atmosphere
there you know that I know that that's
why Mike Pompeo needs to be confirmed
this happens a great deal we've had a
lot of great things that have happened
over the course of the last 15 or 16
months for our nation and I'm thankful
for that but no doubt there's been chaos
as that evolves and our chaotic
environment and
you know who knows what happens there
candidly I don't care it doesn't it's
like so non relevant to me as to who
shot John or who was right or who was
wrong it's just another day in the life
of you know communication that's coming
out of the White House and another day
except that the Russians now have the
signal that we're not going to be
standing strong against them and what is
40 at the Security Council yeah so I
don't know about all that and maybe
that's the case but I will say this I
would appreciate it if the president's
rhetoric against Russia would be a
little stronger I've shared that with
you but if you look at the actions that
have actually been taken on the ground
you know we passed ninety eight to two
CATSA which put Russia sanctions in
place I've been in the skiff with our
Treasury secretary and others who are
implementing that's where we have
classified meetings and certain we've
had public hearings and phone calls we
actually are we this is the toughest we
have been on Russia and I do think
they're carrying it out in a responsible
manner so you look rhetoric could be a
little stronger from my standpoint but I
don't think anybody could say that we
are not pushing back against Russia no
doubt Congress took leadership in that I
agree with that 100% in our committee
was in the center of that but but we're
pushing back against Russia and I would
say to you Andrea our relations with
Russia are the worst since the Cuban
Missile Crisis right now the worst the
worst since the Cuban Missile Crisis so
you know this is not a plaything and I
think that
we need to be cognizant of the fact that
things can get out of hand
again let's keep putting pressure on but
again I'm thankful that Secretary of
Matus who understands that probably more
than anyone else and hopefully Mike
Pompeo will be joined at the hip trying
to make sure that we make good policy to
work Russia in other places and with
that I'm so sorry but I have people
waiting on me in the office I've been on
your program and thank you for thank you
for having me let me just quickly ask
you about Gina Haskell because I know
it's not your committee but her
confirmation has been delayed to May 9th
is there horse trading going on do
Pompeo and and then we'll see about
hospital I don't think there's any horse
trading going on i I couldn't pick her
out of a lineup I've never met her to my
knowledge know nothing about her you
know obviously will pay a lot of
attention to the committee hearings that
take place but I don't think there's
anything relative to horse trading
matter of fact I'm I would be positive
that's not the case it's probably just
trying to work towards a successful
conclusion thank you so much for your
indulgence thanks for your patient thank
you
Thank You Betty hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
