CIA director Mike Pompeo could be
confirmed as Secretary of State as early
as next week that's when the full Senate
is expected to vote but there is
mounting opposition to Pompeo and he may
become the only Secretary of State who
has not received a favorable vote by the
Foreign Relations Committee
Pompeyo has been making the rounds on
Capitol Hill in attempt to garner
support while some like Republican
Senator Rand Paul have said they will
likely vote no on his nomination
president Trump is confident he made the
right choice I understand and Rand Paul
doesn't want to let the president down
but Rand Paul might say he answers to
the American people I want to bring in
Eli Stone Cold's an MSNBC political
analyst and Josh earnest and antique are
back with me Andy McConnell can bring
Pompeo s nomination to the Senate floor
even if he's not favored by the Foreign
Relations Committee so how do you see
this playing out well I happen to
believe the president deserves the
benefit of the doubt when it comes to
nominees so that hold the president
accountable if the person doesn't live
up to the responsibility so I favor Mike
Pompeo being confirmed as Secretary of
State that's what the president wants
respect you've got Scott Pruett you've
got ben Carson
you've had Mike Flynn you got Rex
Tillerson it's not the president has a
great track record that's right you'd
hold the president accountable hold the
president accountable would be don't
give him the benefit of the doubt well
this is a significant State Secretary of
State's a big deal he needs a secretary
right now he needs one the world is like
a mess okay then it's a secretary then
our Democrats backed into a corner here
with regard to Mike Pompeo he did just
have this meeting with Kim Jong on if
he's not confirmed does that set us back
in terms of our relations there
well I recognize that certainly is the
argument made by the Trump and his
loyalists on Capitol Hill the problem is
I think it has to be undermined by
fact that President Trump fired the
Secretary of State that was advocating
negotiations with North Korea nine days
after these this diplomatic opening was
talked about so if you're changing
horses midstream if you will is such a
bad idea
Trump is one who initiated changing
horses in midstream here so I think
that's a tough argument for them to make
I think the second hurdle they're gonna
have to overcome is there are reports
that mr. Pompeo over the last couple of
weeks as he's been going through these
private meetings with Senators to talk
about his nomination did not actually
disclose even when he was talking in a
classified setting his trip to North
Korea which I think is going to be
problematic if you're a wavering senator
wondering if you could trust this guy
with the substantial responsibilities of
being Secretary of State you now know
that he has not been honest and
forthright with you even in a private
setting over probably the top item on
his agenda and I think that is a curious
strategy for winning over someone who
may be wavering on your nomination Eli
what's the Washington reaction because
just a week ago people who weren't even
Mike Pompeo fans
we're telling me he's playing this right
he'd called
every living for a former Secretary of
State including Hillary Clinton he was
shaking hands he was kissing babies and
now things seem to be in a different
situation what are they telling you in
DC well the North Korea trip the
surprise trip over there on Easter
Sunday that is an interesting wrinkle in
all of this and some people view that as
an affront to the process the fact that
a person who has not yet been confirmed
as Secretary of State is making those
overtures to try to lay the groundwork
for historic talks before the Senate has
signed off on the nomination itself and
then there are other people though who
look at the high stakes talks that are
looming and the importance of that
moment as a reason to put a Secretary of
State in place and I think it's worth
pointing out that yes he's changing
horses midstream president Trump but
Mike Pompeo is someone who people in
Washington understand this president may
listen to certainly trust has a close
relationship with him brought him in to
start doing the daily briefings about a
year ago and they have a good rapport
Pompeyo by all accounts knows how to
talk to the president and get him
perhaps to listen and so whereas Rex
Tillerson was never empowered to really
carry out this president's agenda
whether he was even familiar with or
clear about what the president's agenda
was is really anyone's guess people
believe that Mike Pompeo who was closer
to Donald Trump maybe someone who as
Secretary of State can actually fill the
role in a way that Rex Tillerson could
not Andy what does having a working
relationship with Kim jong-un look like
it's people don't necessarily understand
who he is and this nation we're not
talking about Emmanuel macron this is a
God with a hundred and twenty thousand
prisoners he starves them he doesn't
offer them education he deprives them of
basic human rights I don't think we know
anybody that claims they have a working
relationship with Kim Jong thinks he can
have one loading the Chinese I don't
think they have a working relationship
with them I think they support him but
they don't have much of a relationship
with him so no we we don't know it's
uncharted territories I do not have a
problem with the CIA director going over
to have a breakthrough meeting and not
talking about it i captain ii think
that's probably the job of the CIA
director so i didn't have a lot of
problem with Mike Pompeo going over
there when they found out about it to me
it's risky it gives them more
credibility than he needs and I want yes
and I want to see our government have
lots of scenarios before they go over
for this meeting with Kim jong-un you
know what does success look like okay
James Sabri DS weighed in on what he
thinks that he thinks the meeting would
look like I think president Trump
somehow feels he will walk in slap the
table like he's selling a building in
Manhattan and walk out the door to
collect his Nobel Peace Prize ain't
gonna happen that way well this is going
to be a process that has to unfold and
let's remember he didn't just walk into
meetings slap down a term sheet he
couldn't even get a US bank to bank with
him he's the debtor in sheets that I
went bankrupt four times and we're
talking about Kim jong-un and North
Korea here yeah well the other funny
thing about this is that there really is
one play in Donald Trump's Enugu
playbook and that is to threaten to walk
away from the table and he's already
actually played that played this
yesterday but but on punt a oh I
actually don't have any objections
either with us with the CIA director
going to North Korea and it's obviously
that intelligence channel that has long
been used by American officials in both
in the Obama administration in with the
Bush administration when there were
conversations to be had with the North
Koreans I think in this case what is
concerning to me about it is that
certainly in the Obama administration
when we dispatched a senior intelligence
official to go to North Korea we would
talk to Congress about what the plan was
it's not apparent that they did that in
this case we also have not heard the
Trump administration make clear that mr.
Pompeo made that trip in the context of
being the CIA director they've allowed
people to suspect that he went over
there as a as the chief diplomat in
waiting and I think that kind of
ambiguity ambiguity and the failure to
clarify that fir with Congress is gonna
have a negative political impact on his
ability to get confirmed
I agree with you I think was played
poorly but the fact of the trip didn't
trouble me as much as the reaction to
how they were dealing with with Congress
I actually think he should have been
more candid with Congress talking about
it
but that's going to be an impact of the
political process of confirming him he
like so close last point HR bluffin
stuff seems to be the only play
president Trump has does Washington
think that's the right way to go with
North Korea given who we're dealing with
I don't know if Washington is all of one
mind on this but there is concern that
that Donald Trump is going to be the one
who decides one way or another on what
categorize as fruitful in these meetings
and he has not been clear and really
doesn't ever offer a whole lot of
clarity about what he thinks that is he
wouldn't answer the question yesterday
about whether releasing the prisoners is
a precondition to sitting down with soon
and he has not given any real clarity
about whether or not the u.s. is seeking
complete denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula or would settle for something
less than that we should remind our
audience there are three Americans still
entertainment as prisoners of war in
North Korea
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
you
