turn to North Korea resolving the
nuclear crisis there was a main issue
for president Trump in his meeting with
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a
yesterday at mar-a-lago in a joint news
conference President Trump discussed the
possible upcoming summit with Kim
jong-un and I hope to have a very
successful meeting if we don't think
it's going to be successful mark we
won't have it we won't have it if I
think that it's a meeting that is not
going to be fruitful we're not going to
go if the meeting when I'm there is not
fruitful I will respectfully leave the
meeting and will continue what we're
doing Admiral stavridis obviously CIA
director Mike Pompeo took the trip over
Easter weekend he's the nominee to be
Secretary of State President Trump feels
like that trip qualifies him and shows
his bona fides as a possible Secretary
of State what's your view of the way
this administration is approaching North
Korea right now well first I want to
comment on senator corker a little bob
corker as someone of equal stature I
have to say I see eye-to-eye with both
and ie look stalled to me and I I
definitely agree with his comments this
morning back to Secretary of State
nominee Pompeyo I think it was a good
move sending him there not only because
he is the Secretary of State designate
but also his personality he's he's
voluble he can communicate well he knows
the issues inside now he's worked on the
hill I think that was a smart move now
the question is should we get over
optimistic about what's happening now
and I would say no you know the old
saying it's going to get worse before it
gets better I think in this case
unfortunately it's kind of going to get
better and then it'll get worse again
what are reasonable expectations out of
a meeting if it does come yeah be
between president Trump and Kim jong-un
what should we want as Americans out of
that meeting what we would want is
relationship building laying the
groundwork for a real track of further
talks I mean this is the work of a year
or two I think we should also be
realistic I don't think
John is going to give up his nuclear
weapons I truly don't and if I were his
advisor I'm not sure I wouldn't tell him
to do so I think the second thing we
want is to get China involved in the end
all roads to Pyongyang lead through
Beijing we have to get them so I think
you want to get from two party talks to
four party talks so get South Korea
China u.s. North Korea that would be
kind of in my view the next logical step
and do it at a level below that of the
President and Kim jong-un then at some
point you think about Japan and Russia
you're into six-party talks then I think
you could resolve this long-term
Jonathan do we have a sense of what the
White House thinks it can get do they
really believe that North Korea will
denuclearize if they offer security
guarantees and and other carrots I mean
the president is certainly bullish on
this and you mentioned this something
should be a year in the making I mean
this is an accelerated timetable they're
still talking May or early June to have
this meeting the Trump feels like if he
goes in the room there with Kim
gentlemen that sort of that sort of
seems to be his approach with foreign
policy is to build that rapport
personally with the other leader and
then try to strike some sort of a deal
it was also interesting yesterday that
he didn't suggest there would be any
preconditions for this meeting like the
the American citizens that are still
held over there in North Korea that
there was not a there was not going to
demand that they be released ahead of
time to have this meeting
yeah Shinzo Abe a the Prime Minister of
Japan obviously of course is also
pushing for the Japanese citizens who
have been abducted who were still there
but the / this is a president who is
drawn to the idea of making history that
big statement you know not just breaking
with his immediate predecessor Barack
Obama which he tries to do nearly on a
daily basis but like to do something
that no president has done before
well there has been some reporting that
this is about the Trump great man theory
of the case do you agree with that
assessment I mean does he view this as
his chance to do something that you know
frankly would be I think Andrea Mitchell
said yesterday would be the greatest
foreign policy accomplishment since the
end of the Cold War I think that it is
right people we've talked to around the
president it's not just like oh this
would be a shiny new object had to put
the bad headlines away this is bigger
than that he does believe in that I mean
he's his whole image both his
businessman and politician and that
president is they is that great man
theory the idea of just this one person
I alone can do this and he thinks that
if he can make this deal happen you know
that it would be something that it would
written about it would be among the
first lines if you know in the history
books about the Trump administration I
don't you agree with me I'm the real
question to me is what the definition of
successes if we basically are willing to
accept some concept of denuclearization
some would vaguely defined as a long
term goal but in the meantime we're
willing to take half a loaf some limits
on North Korea in exchange for formal
end to the war that would be my
definition of success that to me would
be plenty ambitious enough given the
history here and the question is do you
think this administration is prepared to
essentially accept half a loaf and call
it a day I would have said a month or
two ago higher probability with John
Bolton in the chair I think the
probability of accepting that deal that
you outline and with which I agree has
gone down and I think President Trump
somehow feels he will walk in slap the
table like he's selling a building in
Manhattan and walk out the door to
collect his Nobel Peace Prize ain't
gonna happen that way well this is going
to be a process that has to unfold and
Richards prescription is the one I agree
with which is accept some level freeze
the program the nuclear program have a
long-term goal to get rid of it and
what's de-escalate the tension well and
I worry that we're experiencing this
momentary lull post Olympics eye opening
of talks and then say this goes really
badly and there aren't any concessions
and Donald Trump does think it's a
terrible deal does that lay the
groundwork to say well we've tried it
you know we tried to talk it was the
last resort now we've got a strike I am
very worried about that I think there's
that risk also coming up between now and
then is how the United States deals with
the Iran agreement in May 12th we've got
a deadline there that we'll have all in
Reaper crushes us
we're also possibly moving towards
something in the Middle East between
Israel and Iran this is not going to
happen out there shall we say as an
oasis there's going to be an awfully
crowded agenda between between them
absolutely nd the Iranians are watching
this closely and
if they see a deal that lets them keep
nuclear weapons that will move in one
direction and if we on alternatively the
North Koreans are watching and if we
break that deal with Iran what is their
consequence in Syria to that list of
problems around the world of America is
entangled and Bob costis this North
Korea question though you can hear it in
president Trump's voice yesterday he
wants to do something and if it's just
to prop up his own legacy so be it I
think he wants to have led this great
post Cold War achievement in American
diplomacy and will stop what he believes
is the greatest threat in the world and
there are lessons Willy from what just
happened with Syria because you have
people around the president like the
defense secretary Jim mattis and other
advisors who follow as Richard - so
articulated throughout his books and
writings this rules-based international
order who fallen to follow a certain
code when it comes to foreign policy but
the president now encouraged in part by
Bolton wants to be more of a disruptive
force White House officials tell me and
they know there's a huge risk in this
kind of approach but that's the approach
he's going to take when it comes to
North Korea another issue on the table
yesterday at that meeting with Shinzo
Abe and the joint press conference was
Russia and sanctions Admiral service he
said no one's been tougher than I have
been on Russia your assessment of that
statement and what we ought to be doing
with Russia there's there's a grain of
truth in there we have increased
sanctions we've thrown out some Russian
intelligence operatives but he has not
been tough personally on Putin in my
view sufficiently and secondly we have
not sufficiently retaliated in the cyber
world for the actions of Russia in our
elections so yes on sanctions it's been
fairly tough and getting tougher but we
saw the whole dosey doe yesterday with
ambassador nikki Haley over at the
United Nations and I loved her statement
you know I am not confused and I am not
confused about our attitude toward
Russia we are still going to easy
rusha let's listen to what the president
said yesterday at mar-a-lago we will
have that is a question there has been
nobody tougher on Russia than President
Donald Trump we had a very very severe
we were talking about it a little while
fight in Syria recently a month ago
between our troops and Russian troops
and that's very sad but many people died
in that fight but Russia will tell you
there has been nobody tougher than
Donald Trump Jonathan what is he what is
he thinking of when he says I mean we
did expel diplomats there have been
sanctions put on Russia recently
obviously he's defensive about the
allegations of collusion with Russia
does he actually believe no one's been
tougher than Donald Trump I'm not sure
about I mean people who White House
officials people around him say he does
say this you know whether they actually
believes it or not that's not clear to
them but like there is a degree of
bluster here that he wants to be seen as
like as talking tough and a lot of that
is yes it's it's in reaction to the
collusion probe to them all their
investigation that he feels like he
needs to talk well I'm doing this even
if the facts say otherwise which is of
course is a lot of how he operates on
his day to day and you know the dust-up
with ambassador Haley is certainly an
illuminating moment for this White House
I mean she is someone who for the most
part there's been a pretty good ally to
the president that they we know they
talked they talked quite a bit
the oshi unlike some other members of
the cabinet level officials yeah well
sometimes talk directly to the president
before she says something directly and
for a while there it seemed like she was
adhering to the party line more than Rex
Tillerson and there were certainly
tension there so this is a moment where
though there are people in the you know
the she the people in the White House
suggest that the the Kudlow you know
came out and said well she got confused
that led to her of course which was
striking a clap back from her which we
have not seen from many people in the
Trump administration that she's not
willing just to be thrown down that hole
like some of his predecessor I think
Carlo was covering for the president in
a sense the president gave her the
signal she would not have
zero chance she would have done that
without clear signaling and the
president changed his mind for whatever
set of reasons Kudlow was basically
covering and showing his loyalty to the
president I mean I was losing I for one
appreciate it Nikki Haley's oh good - do
you think that she still has the
confidence of the president I do because
I think it's so unlikely that he's going
to just throw her off the back of the
bus at this point for a wide variety of
obvious reasons I think she's done a
good job up there
overall Admiral James to read us not
little with two D's in our book yeah a
man of great stature stay with us if you
can still ahead challenging the power to
pardon New York's Attorney General is
moving to change the law so prosecutors
can bring criminal charges against
people let off the hook by the president
we'll tackle that next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
