you have heard stormy Daniels lawyer
Michael avenatti say repeatedly on this
program that Michael Cohen will turn
against his idol his friend his former
client Donald Trump and cooperate with
prosecutors if Michael Cohen is faced
with criminal charges and now we know
that President Trump has heard that too
the president has probably heard Michael
avenatti say it on this program and
elsewhere but the president definitely
heard it on Friday on the telephone from
his favorite lawyer Manhattan attorney
Jay Goldberg has a framed type written
letter hanging in the living room of his
Upper East Side penthouse which says
among other things there has never been
a lawyer more important to me than you
it is very important to me that you know
that that letter is signed by Donald
Trump The Wall Street Journal is
reporting tonight that Jay Goldberg told
the President on the phone on Friday
Michael will never stand up for you if
charged by the government The Wall
Street Journal reports mr. Trump made
the call seeking advice from Jay
Goldberg who represented mr. Trump in
the 1990s and early 2000s mr. Goldberg
said he cautioned the president not to
trust mr. Cohen on a scale of 100 to 1
where 100 is fully protecting the
president mr. Cohen isn't even a 1 Heat
he said he told mr. Trump Jay Goldberg
represented Donald Trump and what was
the most important litigation of Donald
Trump's life until now Donald Trump's
first divorce that was the case in which
Donald Trump's first wife and mother of
his first three children accused him of
raping her during their marriage Michael
Cohen was the preposterous ly ignorant
lawyer who said when the Trump marital
rape story was revisited during the
presidential campaign that it is legally
impossible
for a husband to rape his wife Jay
Goldberg who handled that case a truly
accomplished litigator knows better and
successfully steered Donald Trump
through what had already become a very
messy scandalous divorce before Jay
Goldberg became Donald Trump's lawyer
The Wall Street Journal reports that the
White House confirmed that President
Trump did indeed pick up the phone and
call Jay Goldberg seeking legal advice
on Friday Friday when Michael Cohen was
foolishly hanging out in Manhattan
pretending not to be worried and smoking
cigars at the very same time the judge
Kimbell Wood was considering a motion by
Michael Cohen's lawyer to block
prosecutors from examining the evidence
obtained in FBI raids of Michael Cohen's
home his office his hotel room and his
Bank safety deposit box while during
that first hearing in the case judge
wood was demanding to know if Michael
Cohen is a real lawyer and actually has
real legal clients who deserve
attorney-client privilege the most
important person Michael Cohen claims as
the client Donald Trump was on the phone
with his old lawyer getting an earful of
who and what he should be afraid of Jay
Goldberg told the Wall Street Journal
that he told the president that because
of the pressure the government can put
on Michael Cohen there is more danger to
the president from the Cohen case then
there is from special prosecutor Robert
Mulder's investigation mr. Goldberg said
mr. Trump told him on Friday that mr.
Cohen is very strong Jay Goldberg wasn't
buying that in the call mr. Goldberg a
former prosecutor who represented mr.
Trump in divorce and real estate matters
said he stressed to the president that
mr. Cohen could even agree to wear a
wire and try to record conversations
with mr. Trump you have to be alert mr.
Goldberg said he told the president I
don't care what Michael says Jay
Goldberg
says that he warned the president not to
submit to an interview with the special
prosecutor mr. Goldberg said he also
warned mr. Trump in the Friday call
about the risks of submitting to an
interview with mr. Muller's office
prompted by the president for his advice
he also said he recommended mr. Trump
fire rod Rosenstein the Deputy Attorney
General who appointed mr. Muller mr.
Goldberg who is 85 years old and has
practiced law for more than five decades
said he suggested that mr. Trump add a
well-known New York lawyer to his legal
team the president then sought legal
help in New York City and hired the law
firm of Spears and iams where his lead
counsel is former federal prosecutor
Joanna Hampton mr. Goldberg said he
warned mr. Trump against submitting to
an interview with mr. Muller's team
telling him talking is a certain trap
adding don't ever do it Michael Cohen is
the subject of a federal investigation
because because of his role in silencing
women who had stories to tell about
Donald Trump during the presidential
campaign as well as other things he is
being investigated for possible bank
fraud and violation of campaign finance
laws and arranging one hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment to stormy
Daniels and he is also being
investigated for his role in arranging a
hundred and fifty thousand dollar
payment from the National Enquirer to
former Playboy model Karen McDougal
Michael Cohen is being investigated
because of rank stupidity the stupidity
of the schemes that he participated in
and designed to silence those women the
National Enquirer is also being
investigated because of the same
stupidity but the National Enquirer
broke it's stupid streak on this today
because today the National Enquirer
dropped its civil case against Karen
McDougal to enforce her silence Karen
McDougal is now free to tell her story
of what she thought was a genuine
romantic love and sexual affair with
Donald Trump which lasted for about a
year beginning around the
time that the President of the United
States allegedly had sex with stormy
dance a sexual encounter that the
president has never actually denied but
the President did finally take to
Twitter today about storming Daniels for
the very first time and he did not deny
having sex with storming Daniels he did
not deny being spanked by storming
Daniels with a magazine that had a
picture of him and his family on the
cover he did not deny telling stormy
Daniels that he lives in fear of sharks
he did not deny telling stormy jangles
that he might put her on his TV show he
did not deny that he called and pursued
storming Daniels for the better part of
a year instead the president tweeted
about the sketch of the person stormy
Daniels says threatened her on behalf of
Donald Trump several years ago which was
revealed yesterday on the view a sketch
years later about a non-existent man a
total con job playing the fake news
media for fools
but they know it Michael avenatti
responded that he's now considering
suing Donald Trump for defamation for
calling stormy Daniels story about the
threat a con job the legal quicksand but
Michael Cohen is now drowning in and
dragging Donald Trump into was
completely avoidable if Michael Cohen
and Donald Trump simply followed my
suggestion on this program several weeks
ago and made the obvious choice to drop
their civil case against stormy Daniels
as the National Inquirer showed today a
civil case is something each side is in
complete control of at any moment each
side can just decide to quit and let the
other side have its way and that is what
the National Enquirer wisely did today
better late than never
Karen McDougal story is already out
there and for the National Enquirer to
fight to continue to keep her quiet
is simply trying to put toothpaste back
in the tube and because Michael Cohen
and Dawn
Trump couldn't see that they have
continued to try to put toothpaste back
in the tube continued to pursue the
stormy Daniels case long after she had
publicly told her story and they
provoked the FBI raid on Michael Cohen
that has Donald Trump's most trusted
lawyer Jay Goldberg now telling him he
has more to fear in the Michael Cohen
case than in the robert muller
investigation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
