well exactly one Republican senator
voted against Brett Kavanaugh s
nomination to the Supreme Court today
Alaska senator Lisa Murkowski said that
she decided how to vote and she was on
her way to the Senate chamber to cast
her vote now senator Murkowski had women
fly down from alaska to try to influence
her vote and it seems as though they
succeeded we will be talking to two of
those women later in this hour Senate
rules allow the video camera shots of
individual senators only when those
senators are on their feet
speaking and so there is no video of
Senator Murkowski as she entered the
Senate chamber having just made her
decision on the way as she was sitting
there waiting on the Senate floor and as
that vote was approaching we have no
video sir Murkowski after she voted
Steven Dennis of Bloomberg was able to
keep an eye on senator Murkowski from
the press gallery above the Senate floor
in the Senate chamber looking down on
Senator Murkowski when she was on the
floor and here is what he described in
the tweet at 11:18 a.m. watched
Murkowski entire time her demeanor
changed a bit after Collins and flake
voted I her vote no longer the deciding
vote she looked down for a while
closed her eyes blinked a bunch then
looked up with resolve when her name was
called she stood and said no softly
senator Murkowski did not fully explain
her vote
until tonight on the Senate floor
senator Murkowski explanation was an
echo of what we heard yesterday from
former Supreme Court Justice John Paul
Stevens who said he changed his mind
personally about the suitability of
Brett Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court
because of the way Brett Kavanaugh
behaved in last week's Judiciary
Committee hearing in which Brett
Kavanaugh claimed through tears and rage
that he was facing an attempted rape
allegation by dr. Christine Blasi Ford
because of a Democratic Party conspiracy
that included what Brett Kavanaugh
called
revenge on behalf of
clintons justice Stevens was horrified
by what Brett Kavanaugh had to say
Nachman Brett Kavanaugh is denial of the
accusations against him but in the
accusations that Brett Kavanaugh made
about so many people who were out to get
him and justice Stevens said said that
that meant that Brett Kavanaugh could
not be trusted in to be an impartial
Supreme Court justice on cases that
might involve the large range of people
and organizations that Brett Kavanaugh
attacked in his own confirmation hearing
senator Murkowski did not mention john
paul stevens and what she had to say
tonight but surely every member of the
Senate knows exactly what justice
Stevens said yesterday because it is the
first time a retired Supreme Court
justice has ever publicly opposed the
nomination of a new Supreme Court
justice here is some of what Senator
Murkowski had to say I have a very high
bar for any nominee to the Supreme Court
of the United States the Code of
Judicial Conduct rule at one point -
this is this is one that many many
people in this body know but it states
that quote a judge act at all times in a
manner that promotes public confidence
in the independence integrity and
impartiality of the judiciary and shall
avoid impropriety and the appearance of
impropriety and after after the hearing
that we all watched last week last
Thursday it it became clear to me or was
becoming clearer that that appearance of
impropriety has become unavoidable
and I've been deliberating agonizing
about what is fair is this too unfair a
burden to to place on somebody that is
dealing with the worst the most horrific
allegations that go to your integrity
that go to everything that you are and I
think we all struggled with how we would
respond but I am reminded there are only
there are only nine seats on the bench
of the highest court in the land and
these seats are occupied by these men
and women for their lifetime and so
those who seek one of these seats must
meet the highest standard in all
respects at all times and that is hard
when Republican senator Susan Collins
announced her decision to vote for Brett
Kavanaugh today she became in effect the
deciding vote in favor of red Cavanaugh
as confirmation Susan Collins spent 45
minutes to get to the point of
announcing that she would vote for Brett
Kavanaugh but it was obvious from the
start when she began praising Brett
Kavanaugh his judicial record and most
importantly when she announced the
standard that she used for evaluating
dr. Ford's accusation against Brett
Kavanaugh in evaluating any given claim
of misconduct we will be ill served in
the long run if we abandon the
presumption of innocence
senator Collins claim that we should
always presume that someone is innocent
until proven guilty beyond a reasonable
doubt which we all know is true in a
criminal trial but has never been true
in the United States Senate and Susan
Collins herself
does not believe in that standard in the
United States Senate Susan Collins is
one of the senators who said that Al
Franken should resign from the Senate
even though sexual harassment actress's
accusations against him had not been
investigated at all by the Senate and Al
Franken himself immediately asked for a
Senate Ethics Committee investigation of
the charges against him before any other
senator even suggested such an
investigation he asked for a Senate
Ethics Committee investigation in which
if we are to believe Susan Collins today
Susan Collins would have given him the
presumption of innocence but Susan
Collins did not give him the presumption
of innocence said he should resign
without one minute of Investigation
Susan Collins through that presumption
away and said senator Franken should
resign the Senate has never used the
presumption of innocence standard with
nominees never for any position many
nominees have been forced to withdraw
for much less than what Brett Kavanaugh
was accused of and so senator Collins
attempt to attach her vote to a sacred
principle of presumption of innocence in
the United States Senate was not really
what she was doing today presumption of
innocence was a convenient tool for her
to cite today but don't expect Susan
Collins to use the presumption of
innocence tomorrow if a Democratic
senator faces accusations senator
Collins reviewed Brett Kavanaugh as
denial of dr. Ford's accusation as if
the denial was a fact because Brett
Kavanaugh said it under oath Judge
Cavanaugh forcefully denied the
allegations under penalty of perjury
mark judge denied under penalty of
felony that he had witnessed an assault
so dr. Ford accused two people of
committing a crime to people of
attempting to rape her Brett Kavanaugh
and Mark judge and Susan Collins is very
impressed by the two
used criminals denying the crime under
oath
that's what accused criminals do every
day Susan Collins did not just give
Brett Kavanaugh the presumption of
innocence she also gave him the
presumption of honesty
she presumed Brett Kavanaugh was telling
the truth
and possibly even worse she presumed
that Mark judge was telling the truth a
man who has said that he was a blackout
alcoholic in high school at the time of
this accusation and therefore obviously
was involved in and participated in all
sorts of events in his life that he does
not remember Republicans always knew
that in order to confirm Brett Kavanaugh
they were going to have to keep mark
judge invisible they were going to have
to make sure that the other person who
was in the room during the attack
according to dr. Ford was not brought
into the room or dr. Ford and Brett
Kavanaugh testified Republicans feared
that no one would be able to believe
mark judge about anything that he claims
to remember or not remember and so the
suppression of evidence the refusal to
call witnesses was an important part of
the Republican plan so that a senator
like Susan Collins in casting the
deciding vote in this nomination could
stand up in the United States Senate
today and treat the accusations against
Brett Kavanaugh as a closed case but it
could someday be a reopened case if
Democrats win the house representatives
and decide to investigate the FBI
investigation of Brett Kavanaugh that
was never a real investigation leading
off our discussion now Maya while a
former federal prosecutor and MSNBC
legal analyst chilliwine banks former
assistant warden gates special
prosecutor and an MSNBC legal
contributor and Lisa graves former chief
counsel for nominations for Democrats on
the Senate Judiciary Committee and the
former Deputy Assistant Attorney General
in the Department of Justice and Lisa
you know more about Senate confirmations
of Supreme Court justices than any of us
and you've been with us in our coverage
of
every night that we've been on it and I
just want to give you the floor tonight
I don't presume to even ask you a
question or guide you in any direction I
just want to know what you're feeling
what you're thinking tonight well thank
you Lawrence so much for having me on
and be have the opportunity to be part
of this dialogue with you with our
country over the past couple weeks it's
been a real roller coaster ride there
been moments of tremendous hope and
tremendous disappointment in terms of
the way the process has been so
railroaded by Republicans and I think
right now I have tremendous sorrow for
the court and for the nation for this
man being put on the court when he is so
manifestly unfit for that role he fails
every high standard that's set for that
court in terms of impartiality fairness
trustworthiness and also temperament and
temperament counts the most when you're
under pressure and I also think it's
quite clear that he held his temperament
when he was talking to Fox News he
wasn't screaming he was screaming at
Democratic members of that Judiciary
Committee putting on a performance and a
performance that was most unbecoming for
a judge but I have great hope that the
American people have witnessed this sham
that the Republicans have put together
to install him on the court and that
they will hold him to account they'll
hold the politicians to account that's
try to sweep the testimony I witness I
witness testimony of dr. Ford under the
table and I think that there's going to
be a great surge in activity by women
and men across the country at this
tremendous injustice and I also think
there's going to be an asterisk beside
every decision that justice Kavanagh
issues in favor of the people who helped
install him on that court and against
the interests of the American people I
want to listen to President Trump when
he announced what he thought the
standard of proof should be in this
situation this case if we want to call
it that in the Judiciary Committee
because we always knew we were the first
things I discussed on this program I was
it was going to come down to a standard
of proof in evaluating the evidence
presented to the committee by dr. Ford
let's listen to what Donald Trump said
let's listen to how much
doubt Donald Trump said was tolerable in
this case I feel that the Republicans
and I can speak for myself we should go
through a process because they shouldn't
even be a little doubt they shouldn't be
a doubt chill wine banks no one on the
Republican side agreed with that none of
them applied the standard of no doubt
they went with reasonable doubt and gave
the benefit of the reasonable doubt to
Brett Kavanaugh actually I don't think
they even used a standard of reasonable
doubt that's what you would use in a
criminal trial this was a job interview
this was for a promotion from the
Circuit Court to the highest court in
our land a lifetime appointment and the
standard is not that of a criminal case
the standard is was he at all believable
did he display judicial temperament and
as Lisa just said his performance in
front of the Senate last Thursday showed
that he is temper mentally unsuited for
any court he attacked the judges I'm
sorry he's tact the senators who were
questioning him he acted in a way that
was completely not appropriate for any
candidate for the Supreme Court or for
any candidate who would hire anybody who
behaved that way if it was a corporate
position no one would it was not the
right standard and Susan Collins today
said it wasn't a beyond a reasonable
doubt standards she used a much lower
standard and then gave him a pass on it
but no one would have believed them
people believe that men who come forward
saying they were attacked in a sexual
manner by a priest they come forward 30
years later and no one questions whether
they're telling the truth so why is it
when a woman comes forward and has a
very credible case to make and says
things they won't even investigate Anita
Hill had more of a sympathetic hearing
in the sense that at least the FBI did
more of an investigation not adequate
and the Senate didn't allow
corroborating witnesses who were there
to testify here they didn't even look
for them of course you can't find
evidence if you are told not to
interview the people who have the
evidence that was wrong and the Senate
brought in 22 witnesses to testify about
Anita Hills accusations and of course we
saw they didn't bring in any witnesses
beyond dr. Ford and we go and here's
this brings us to James roaches tweek
tonight James Roach is a Yale former
Yale roommate of Brett Kavanaugh and he
tweeted tonight he's been tweeting about
this kind of thing regularly and he said
I just heard about another classmate at
Yale who reached out to the local FBI
field office to describe Cavanaugh
drinking a nasty drunk definitely
blackout and gambling no reply and my
that's one of what now is several people
from Yale who had information they
wanted to bring to the FBI yeah and I
think Lisa and Jill are absolutely right
and I would say it's even worse than
we're talking about it right now because
they didn't even apply a presumption of
innocence to Cavanaugh they applied a
presumption that they were going to
approve him no matter what because at
that point Lawrence is the most
important is that they intentionally
ignored evidence that someone who is
being considered for the highest court
of the land may have actually lied to
them under oath they refused to look at
it when they said they would reopen the
FBI background check they tied the hands
they literally not they the White House
let's be clear they handcuffed the FBI
they handcuffed the FBI so we're talking
about a democratic process that lacked
all democracy but it didn't even apply
any standard because its standard would
have said that we will actually even if
we were presuming its innocence we will
look at the evidence to ensure that that
presumption actually applies they did
not do it and Lisa senator Murkowski
seemed to accept Justice John Paul
Stevens standard of evaluating this and
who would be better at a value
that no one knows more about Supreme
Court than he does but Susan Collins did
it's it's like she didn't hear a word
that justice Stevens said that's right
and I think she in essence didn't want
to hear a word from him and from others
for her to basically credit as you
pointed out credit Brett Kavanaugh is
truthful because he testified in her
oath
ignores the mountain of evidence that he
repeatedly testified falsely under oath
in 2004 2006 the beginning of September
of 2008 teen and at the end of September
and so he was not entitled any such
presumption in fact under the rules of
evidence if they were applicable he'll
be entitled to presumption that
everything he says is presumed to be
false and falsely exonerating my wily
Lisa graves chill wine banks thank you
for starting our discussion tonight
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
