thing one tonight remember this story
for which the Washington Post just went
to Pulitzer Prize Roy Moore credibly
accused of child molestation the
Republican Party had already nominated a
bigot and aspiring theocratic Oh stories
came out in one instance allegedly Roy
Moore picked up a fourteen-year-old girl
outside her parents custody hearing when
he was a 32 year old Assistant District
Attorney and Republicans when this story
came out they had a hard choice to make
much of the GOP machinery both in
Alabama and Washington stuck with
President Trump endorsed him after the
allegations rallied for him took Moore's
denials at face value
Steve Bannon appeared on stage with more
but then more lost Democrat Doug Jones
and Republicans just stuck it all in the
memory hole the time that they all
backed that person credibly accused of
molesting children well now there's
another problematic GOP senatorial
candidate this time it's a convicted
criminal that's thing too in sixty
Seconds there is an embarrassment of
riches if you could call it that the GOP
Senate primary in West Virginia one of
the candidates wants to blow up
Washington but stick on Washington with
our West Virginia conservative values
let's not just change Washington let's
blow it up
we'll check on Washington liberals the
other one is touting his close ties with
the Trump administration and the third
is Don Blankenship that would be the
former coal company exact who got out
got out of jail nine months ago after
being convicted of conspiring to commit
mine safety violations prior to a
horrible explosion which killed 29
people once again the Republican
establishment just doesn't know what to
do
and now Blankenship outspending everyone
is considered a real threat to win the
primary and possibly hurt the GOP
chances of defeating the Democratic
incumbent Senator Joe Manchin the chair
of the National Republican Senatorial
Committee Cory Gardner told TPM I'm not
sure if he can even vote did they let
ankle bracelets get out of the house
okay funny cheeky but just as it did was
worried more the Republican
establishment will only go so far
senator Gardner adding the last thing
West Virginians want is the senatorial
committee telling them what they should
want the GOP super PAC has now taken on
Blankenship with an attack ad but it
might very well be too little and too
late
criminal John Blankenship his company
got caught pumping 1.4 billion gallons
of toxic coal slurry contaminating water
supplies isn't there enough toxic sludge
in Washington hey there are sales from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
