welcome back today and meet the midterms
with less than three weeks to go before
the primary in Ohio that states
governor's race is getting rough in both
primaries on the Democratic side Richard
Cordray's campaign is slamming Dennis
Kucinich after he revealed a twenty
thousand dollar speaking fee for ready
for this a pro Syrian group yes
pro-assad group Corddry says Kucinich
has quote a long track record of
defending Syria's President Bashar al
Assad Kucinich has said the event was
about bringing peace to Syria not
supporting the current regime and his
and his campaign tells NBC News that
when Kucinich conducted an interview
with Assad on behalf of Fox News back in
2013 he was quote pretty tough in
grilling him about chemical weapons on
the Republican side of the race Attorney
General Mike DeWine is attacking his
opponent lieutenant governor mary tara
taylor with this spot take career
politician Mary Taylor she claims she's
conservative but Taylor refused to
endorse Donald Trump for president over
Hillary Clinton there it is the
definition of conservative is supporting
Trump in Ohio folks if you're wondering
where the Republican Party is in a
bellwether state like Ohio there you go
that's how that Republican primary -
big-time officeholders a lieutenant
governor and Attorney General and it's
Trump and it's a support forum that is
the litmus test there hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
