President Trump is confirming CIA
director Mike Pompeo had a top-secret
meeting with North Korean dictator Kim
jong-un in a tweet this morning
President Trump says it happened last
week went smoothly a good relationship
was formed and details of a summit are
now being worked out the White House
issued a correction after the tweet
saying the meeting happened over Easter
weekend two weeks after Trump announced
plan payos nomination to become
Secretary of State the highest-level
meeting between the United States and
North Korea since the year 2000 in 18
years the sit-down is setting the stage
for what would be an historic summit
between president Trump and Kim jong-eun
no US president has ever visited North
Korea while in office
so let's take a deeper look into exactly
what kind of country President Trump is
dealing with here according to a
landmark report from the United Nations
investigators they found atrocities
being committed throughout North Korea
including quote extermination murder
enslavement torture imprisonment rape
and persecution on political religious
racial and gender grounds that's a lot
the report found the key to keeping the
North's government alive is its use of
surveillance coercion fear and
punishment to prevent any form of
dissent the government restricts every
form of basic civil liberties for its
people there is no freedom of expression
religion throughout thought assembly
opinion or information at all its people
cannot even move freely they're banned
from leaving their province without
permission and they cannot leave the
country as a way to discriminate the
regime groups people into a class system
that determines every part of their
lives where they live work even who they
end up marrying the classes are called
loyal wavering and hostile one of the
biggest human rights violations
according to the UN is the North's
restriction of food and deliberate use
of starvation as a means of control the
North has not had enough resources to
feed all of its people since the end of
the
1980s so it prioritizes food
distribution to those who are useful to
the government this is really important
stuff please say attention the regime
continues to put people in political
prison camps for what seems like any
reason that it wishes Amnesty
International says last year there an
estimated 120,000 people detained in
four known camps who are subjected to
torture and other maltreatment right now
there are three Americans entertainment
as quote prisoners of war in North Korea
none have been seen since June of last
year ally it is so important to alert
our audience really who we're dealing
with you you know if you don't know it's
a one world leader and another a big
deal joining us now former democratic
congresswoman from California Jane
Harman she's now the president and the
CEO of the Woodrow Wilson Center and
Lindsay Ford is the director for Asian
security at the Asia Society Jane let's
just start with you we're getting mixed
reaction to this meeting from Democrats
this morning let's listen I think we
should all admit that it's good not bad
that the Trump administration is trying
to do some work ahead of this meeting
director Pompeo is the wrong person to
be engaging in diplomacy we need a
secretary of state and not a CIA
director doing that work I think it is
good news for diplomacy and I'm glad
that the meeting took place so Jane the
question is this Mike Pompeo is not a
shoo-in for Secretary of State is his
nomination is running into a few bumps
but that aside there are real questions
Victor cha was on yesterday discussing
the fact that generally speaking these
types of meetings are a reward or
they're further down the line of some
sort of negotiations I think was
important definitely pointing out what
kind of regime we're dealing with here
and not much progress has been made so
what's your take good that Mike Pompeo
went or premature no I agree with Adam
Schiff by the way I had his job as a
ranking member on House Intelligence for
a long time and was in Pyongyang 20
years ago on an Intelligence Committee
visit and saw a lot of the the lack of
food and and and you should add to that
list of of starving people that much of
the food goes to the military which
again is oppressing the people it's it's
a dreadful record but but back to this I
thought that Pompeo visit was a good
thing he's a he's close to the president
obviously as his confidence has been
nominated a Secretary of State but I
think that the security and intelligence
issues here matter a lot and that's the
job he currently holds and let me just
mention one other thing I think your
your intro here said that the meeting
could be held in in in North Korea
I assume president Trump will not go to
North Korea I would be extremely Survive
surprised I would think they would pick
a neutral place I understand or I I
believe I understand that that Kim
jong-un does not like to fly so maybe
that place could be China where he just
visited by check by train or possibly
even South Korea
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
