I have two gentlemen on my cafe they're
refusing to make a purchase or leave I
know so Starbucks 80 turns fruits
all right boys we'll be honest
responsible okeydoke that's the roughly
15 second 9-1-1 call that started it all
now Starbucks says it will close 8,000
stores on May 29th to put 175,000
employees in training for a half day to
recognize racial bias this comes of
course after the store was hit with days
of protests after the arrest of two
black men in a Philadelphia Starbucks
the man were waiting for a friend when
they were forced to leave Elise Jordan
and Mark Thompson back with us to
discuss you know it's ironic Howard
Schultz was one of the few corporate
leaders to really get ahead of the curve
in terms of making social issues and
addressing them a core part of how
Starbucks was run and now here we are in
2018 and this is a rough one what's your
take well it is a Starbucks actually has
diverse board I believe our research
showed that 40% of their baristas are
actually people of color but they won't
share and this needs to come out we need
to talk about this they won't they don't
release the information as to how many
of their managers are african-american
people of color
how many licensees because it's not a
franchise great point
how many licensees are african-american
people of color we need to know that the
training is necessary and it's good but
it goes to show you we we have a we
still have a very very long way to go
and to call the police as we just heard
a 9-1-1 most people go in starbucks and
don't buy anything at least not even
commensurate to the time and I know
folks take laptop going Starbucks in
state eight hours a day and work there
all day they're not drinking eight hours
worth of coffee so this training is
absolutely necessary well well that's
sort of the thing here at least I mean
I've gone into Starbucks loads of times
in yoga pants use the bathroom sat down
and charge my phone and most likely left
did the did the store manager sure they
could on one level they could say
they're adhering to company policy the
company is you got to buy something but
you don't really put this policy in
place with a lot of the people who are
there well I think the harsh reality is
that this problem is so much bigger than
Starbucks and that it's
daily indignity and inequality that
exists for far too many Americans in
this country and it's something that I
as a white American need to be more
cognizant of and everyone needs to be
more aware of quite frankly because it's
unacceptable that this entrenched racism
has seeped into so many levels of our
society to the point where the police
are brought in to become to aid and abet
it okay well then it could there be a
silver lining here that with leadership
like Howard Schultz this problem that
goes far beyond Starbucks could this be
a moment where we're forced to stop and
they're saying we're gonna spend the day
focusing on this that maybe others will
follow suit they should stop bookstall
going to be more than a day but others
should precisely do just that a lot of
corporations a lot of businesses would
be served well by having this type of
the diversity awareness a sensitivity
training I've led some sessions myself
in the past you know it's interesting
we're just a few days removed from
Jackie Robinson day his first job out of
baseball was in coffee with chocolate
nuts he was the first black vice
president of a national corporation but
even though he was Jackie Robinson he
was profiled he was Manhattan man
handled by the police once after
baseball somebody to say hey that's
Jackie Robinson
this is it's a great deal of unconscious
bias I was in line just this morning
somewhere and two people literally
walked in front of me in line like I
wasn't there like I was as glass as it's
table well we we have to deal with those
in dignities as black people all the
time I wanted to be silent and I finally
said you all don't see me standing here
and the man was embarrassed
the young lady tried to excuse it well I
was here before you she clearly wasn't I
was ten minutes earlier than her but I
mean those are types of things that did
go on and in spite of the fact that
we've had an african-american president
in spite of all the gains that have been
made something has to be done and people
need to be more aware that those two
people were truly unconscious of my
presence and that's the unconscious bias
the other thing I'd say very quickly the
police in a lot of situations police
defuse situations why didn't they
everyone what happened here they could
have diffused it but the even have the
problem police chief is black I don't
excuse him for that because a lot of
police officers are more blue than black
and in that particular case he knew good
well there was no reason for them to be
arrested and with all the other
incidents we've seen with police we all
should be thankful that at least they
weren't shot and killed but in a
situation in a stop books why should the
police be making an arrest when people
hang out in style books all the time
let's use this unfortunate situation to
get better
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
