the president has turned his Twitter
attention back to James Comey this
morning amid the former FBI directors
media blitz for his new book a short
time ago the president wrote Slippery
James Comey the worst FBI director in
history was not fired because of the
phony Russia investigation where by the
way there was no collusion except by the
Dems despite what the president writes
in that tweet
he'll recall that Trump told NBC News's
Lester Holt that the Russia probe did
play a role in his decision to fire
Comey he's a showboat he's a
grandstander regardless of
recommendation I was going to fire call
me knowing there was no good time to do
it and in fact when I decided to just do
it I said to myself I said you know this
Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a
made-up story I mean there it is in
black and white it's hard to know what
else to say about it he says today it
wasn't because of the Russia
investigation they fired James Comey he
says on May 11th 2017 in a nationally
televised interview with Lester Holt
that it was because of the Russia
investigation and all the reporting we
have suggest that the president is aware
that a his firing of Comey and be how he
talked about it and how he responded to
it really set the ball in motion for the
special counsel the appointment of the
special counsel which has put a box
around this president I think he's stung
from that experience I don't think he
intends to repeat it and yet I see
tweets like this and I'm not sure if the
lesson has been fully internalized it
really Eddie is the president can't help
himself he's James Comey is all over TV
James Comey is getting a lot of airtime
taking up a lot of oxygen on TV and
other places he's reminded the president
is of what James Comey he believes did
to him although you could make a pretty
convincing case that James Comey had an
awful lot to do with getting President
Trump elected and all the efforts by the
the White House staff to distract him
with business of state meeting with
front ministry apparently it didn't work
and you know over and over again we need
to just simply we see and we need to
simply conclude that whatever Donald
Trump speaks the default judgment should
be that he's lying
he's just not telling the truth and and
part of our challenges that were
constantly attributing right
truthfulness to what he says when in
fact we should begin with the opposite
position that he's not telling the truth
until he actually well in this case he
makes it pretty easy because there's a
tweet that says one thing at a tape that
says the other right and the problem is
which instance do you believe did he
help westerholt or is he telling the
truth now I mean my
it seems to me he was more likely
telling the truth in the Lester Holt
interview but on the other hand how is
it that we're having this conversation
about a president of one of the larger
problems for this country for the
political process in this country and
for the world at large is that Donald
Trump is uniquely a man of the moment
his own moment and he was is liable to
go anywhere at any time
on any given issue in a moment's notice
with no warning no communication and the
bigger problem here is that people
believe him whatever he says people are
willing to say and and I think that you
know more than anything is what we can
take from this is that he has now
decided that this is what he wants his
followers and the people that his true
believers to say about what he did here
every time I see one of his tweets in
this area I think to myself I hope some
day we are told and come to understand
what the Russia story is the president
has consistently been preoccupied with
it with the Russia story obsessed with
it sometimes defensive about it most of
the time what is the Russia story I just
always hope will Muller get to the
bottom of this will we someday know what
we're talking about when we say those
words the Russia story look thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
