you have written the biography the
authorized biography of Barbara Bush
we've been talking this morning about
the life the legacy of a woman who met
her husband at a school dance at the age
of 16 was married to him for 73 years
the longest marriage of any president in
the history of this country what are
your impressions this morning you know
it's not an authorized biography it's an
independent work but I got great
cooperation from from mrs. Bush you know
I met her for the first time in 1980
when I was working for Newsday carrying
my first presidential campaign and I
interviewed her for the last time in
February at her home in Houston and I
have to say she was a totally consistent
human being from that first meeting in
1980 to the one in February she was an
incredibly authentic person she was
sharp and funny she was loved her family
she loved her dogs and she was more
influential both with her husband and
with her son that I think has been
recognized in the past yeah and really
working behind the scenes from the
beginning on politics didn't perhaps
assert herself on policy as much as some
other first ladies did Susan but was
there and when George W when George HW
Bush first had the idea of running for
office she was collecting names and that
famous Christmas card list of hers she
was there at the side of every election
of her prayer her husband obviously and
then when her son's decided to run for
office they sought her advice they she
she often told them not to run but then
when they did she was behind them all
the way you know she gave them their
advice whether they wanted to hear it or
not
both her husband and her son she was
opposed to public asset and a private
asset a public asset because she became
enormous ly popular more popular in
public opinion polls and than either of
the Presidents Bush and she was a
private asset because man she could spot
a phony a mile away and she was aware of
the motives of people in a way that I
think her husband in particular wasn't
always she was an indispensable partner
to him every step of the way during his
long career you know Peggy one of the
things that I think strikes a lot of
people about Barbara Bush and the bushes
themselves and it certainly has struck
me his Barbara Bush was incredibly deep
there was a level of decency to her that
we miss I think in public life a lot
today yeah but also the fact that she
was so grounded that even though that
she was a former first lady and while
she was first lady you wouldn't be at
all surprised if you bumped into her in
Aisle three of a grocery store yeah
that's completely true it it wasn't just
the common touch as people say I think
she was a person who felt very
comfortable in all levels of American
life I think you know we just lost her
and and so in a way it is a a sobered
day but in a funny way not a sad one
because what you're looking at with her
is a great triumphant life one of real
effort and real achievement who had
considerable happiness and
accomplishment not only in her public
sphere which we rightly talk about as as
a person who helped a political figure
be himself without her there was no him
I think that can be said but also in her
private sphere where a certain bluntness
and directness and Happiness reigned so
you know to do the public and private
well in life is a real achievement and
deserves a real nod and Walter
Isaacson's she championed literacy she
talked about AIDS before it was
necessarily something that was out in
the public sphere and that's how public
a figure would be comfortable talking
about at the core of this story though
we've kind of kept coming back to this
this morning is a great love story
between two people who met as teenagers
the man who went off to war came home
married her as quickly as he could and
were in fact holding hands until her
final moments yesterday it's amazing 73
years and authentic very real and one of
the things that was important about her
too was that she was the way she left
this world which is to announce
publicly that she was going on comfort
care and that she wanted to leave on her
own terms
I think that's an inspiration for us all
all right we've got a lot more to say
about Barbara Bush coming up this
morning for thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
