so you will see that Russian sanctions
will be coming down secretary management
will be announcing those on Monday if he
hasn't already and they will go directly
to any sort of companies that we're
dealing with equipment related to Assad
and chemical weapons use that was UN
Ambassador nikki Haley on Sunday morning
highlighting this new round of sanctions
on Russia that she said would be rolled
out on Monday but on Monday White House
officials said Trump had not yet decided
on those sanctions then earlier today
chief White House economic adviser Larry
Kudlow told reporters quote she got
ahead of the curve she's done a great
job
she's a very effective ambassador but
there might have been some momentary
confusion well that turned out to be a
mistake nikki Haley fired right back
telling Fox News quote with all due
respect I don't get confused and now
Larry Kudlow has apologized to nikki
Haley telling the New York Times quote
she was certainly not confused I was
wrong to say that totally wrong as it
turns out she was basically following
what she thought was policy the policy
has changed and she wasn't told about it
so she was in a box with more tonight we
welcome
Anita Kumar White House correspondent
for McClatchy Newspapers and Jonathan
Lemire White House reporter for The
Associated Press and an MSNBC political
analyst Anita as they say this is not a
good look it's not there were so many so
many things wrong with what happened
today or this week but nikki Haley stood
her ground right I mean she had the
right information at that time and the
White House put out talking points to
surrogates potential surrogates saying
the exact same thing so she had the
right information on Sunday it's that
the President or the administration
changed their mind but what Larry Kudlow
did today is what you don't do in your
first two weeks or ever at the White
House which is you make this argument
you make this fight public right now
people looking at what's going on in the
White House don't know who is speaking
for the White House this is the problem
they've had for the last 15 months so
you know they're they're contradicting
each other
they're having these policy fights in
public so none of that was very good but
you were right nikki Haley we ended up
on the on the right end she she stood
her ground and he apologized but still
not a good look for the White House
Jonathan I agree with Kate eater who
came out today in defense of retiring
the phrase got out over one skis so
let's put that aside and and let's say
that nikki Haley has earned high marks
in her brief time in this job let's say
that she has proven to be a quick study
and we all thought enjoyed a good
working relationship with the president
so having said all that how do you think
this happened well first of all
somewhere Rex Tillerson I assume in
Texas is nodding his head very
sympathetically about being the sort of
voice of the Trump administration on a
world stage and yet seemingly undermined
and undercut by a colleague or the
President himself you're right nikki
Haley to this point does enjoy has
enjoyed a girl let's ship with the
president they speak often they speak
often in the same language that they
they have been known to consult but
Haley will couldn't call the White House
consult with the president about before
she goes out there before the UN or make
some sort of significant public
statement to make sure she has the
language right that she's capturing his
essence this is a moment though she also
had however has gotten the right White
House's radar the president's in
particular for her own ambitions there
was a sense that she wanted Rex
Tillerson job in foggy bottom before you
know last fall before of course he
eventually was fired and you know
Pompeyo is gonna be in instead there is
a belief among some Trump advisers that
she's I in the White House you know that
she could be certainly looking at 2024
or if this president is particularly
damaged maybe even 2020 so I think there
is a little bit of tension there but on
the whole she is someone who has been
seen as the president views as a good
soldier has said the right thing but the
lesson here more than anything else is
the only person who speaks for Trump on
the world stage is Trump hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
