a lot of news breaking this evening a
lot to get to over the course of this
hour the nation's political center of
gravity was unusually divided for a
second straight day today we're used to
the political center of the country
being Washington and the financial and
media center of the country being New
York but with this remarkable criminal
case continuing to unfold involving the
president's personal lawyer the
president's political fate right now
feels as much tied up in this case in
federal district court in lower
Manhattan as it does with anything
that's happening right now in Washington
so the the nation's sort of political
center of gravity seems to be in two
places right now now we expect that
we're gonna see some further public
disclosures from that court case
tomorrow morning the judge in that case
federal district court judge Kimball
wood is now deciding whether or not
she's going to bring in a neutral third
party a special master to look at the
documents and materials that were seized
from Michael Cohen to see if any of
those documents should be kept away from
prosecutors because they are
attorney-client communications that need
to be kept confidential tomorrow we
expect that we will see the court
consider some names of people who might
conceivably get appointed to that kind
of job if the court decides they're
gonna go that kind of route and that's
not the kind of legal question that
would typically transfix the country but
in this case every little twist and turn
here feels like it might have serious
implications for the immediate future of
our country
and I don't think I'm overstating the
case to say it that way that's because
of two things number one this case in
federal court in New York really does
seem to be about the President himself
and number two this thing is not being
pursued by the special counsels office
in robert muller it's being pursued by
regular old federal prosecutors and the
implications of those two things I think
are starting to sink in for us the
public but they're also starting to sink
in for the people who are directly
involved here even for the lawyers who
are working this case I want to show you
one transcript from the the last court
he
in this case this is Michael Cohen's
lawyers pleading with the judge pleading
with judge wood about how big a deal
this all is and basically how bewildered
they are by this whole turn of events in
this incredibly important case alright
so this is from the transcript lawyer
Todd Harrison's Cohen's lawyer speaking
to the judge quote let me just explain
last week and what happened mr. Cohen's
law office and home and everything else
was raided on Monday I came on to this
case on Monday night or Tuesday so he
says when we appeared in front of the
court and filed our papers and appeared
in front of the court on Friday I had
been on the case for two and a half
three days maybe we hadn't had time to
sit down with our client go over all
this information about what had happened
and so when we had our discussions in
court on Friday I didn't know that I got
into enough I don't know that I got into
enough detail I probably should have
gotten into more detail about how
recently I'd gotten into the case I had
been in it for three days I needed time
to sit down and figure things out and
the judge Energex I'm going to interrupt
you for a moment
your letter says on page two that
Stephen Ryan of your firm has been
working on the special counsels
investigation on the related House of
Representatives and Senate inquiries
regarding among other things campaign
finance matters I recognize mr. Harrison
that you've personally just come to this
but mr. Ryan has been in it for a while
right Steve Ryan response can I just
mention your honor if you think of swing
lanes in a pool my swim lane was Russia
and the related issues to Russia and
then the judge says well it says in the
letter as well as campaign financing mr.
Ryan says yeah that's only happened
within the last few weeks and it's in
relationship to federal campaign law
issues which is narrow with all due
respect your honor all of us started on
Monday with a completely different
matter I want to say there are five
paragraphs in attachment a that deal
directly with seeking the probe seeking
the papers of the President of the
United States in possession of my client
it's not what the government is
represented is about my clients personal
life there are five paragraphs there
this case is that so this is you can you
can tell that
lawyers are a little bewildered here
right the transcript catches them sort
of switching tenths mid-sentence and
feeling their way through this kind of
apologizing to the judge for not having
it together but you can also tell what
they're freaking out about Cohen's
lawyer says there this is not about my
clients personal life can we put up that
last part of the transcript there again
we put that back up this is what he says
there are five paragraphs in attachment
a that deal directly with seeking the
papers of the President of the United
States that are in possession of my
client there are five paragraphs there
he says this case is that now we the
public don't know what attachment a is
we the public haven't yet seen
attachment a we think it's probably
either the search warrant that a judge
signed to authorize the FBI to go seize
stuff from Michael Cohen or maybe it's a
law enforcement affidavit that was in
support of that search warrant something
that was used to persuade the judge to
approve the warrant but in any case I
mean presumably some day we'll see
attachment a and this lawyer for Michael
Cohen is saying that what the FBI was
after when they searched Michael Cohen's
office home safe deposit box hotel room
all of it what they were after was
information pertaining directly and
individually to the president a spelled
out in a five paragraph long description
of what the FBI was going to seize so
this case is not just ooh
trouble for the president's kooky lawyer
who you seen on TV this is about the
president directly which may be why the
people directly involved in this case
now in New York appear to be a little
rattled as this thing has continued to
unfold but as I said this this is
unfolding in New York where prosecutors
have gotten very very good because
they've had lots and lots of experience
nailing people in public corruption
cases this is also New York where any
legal drama plays out in the same
geographic space as the financial and
media capital of the country
and so there is an
Media part of this case that continues
to unfold as well and honestly this is
the part of it that is sometimes a
little bit embarrassing to talk about
but it is part of it and so we've got to
do it so here we go yesterday we got got
this strange revelation in court after
the president's lawyer who was rated by
the FBI president's lawyers another
subject of a federal criminal
investigation he told the court that he
only has three clients in his legal
business he then told the court that he
only wants to name two out of his three
clients he wanted to keep the other one
secret he said because his unnamed third
client told him to keep his name secret
and the judge was like yeah no you're
not gonna be able to hold back materials
from a search warrant because they
represent confidential communications
with your clients and then also tell us
that the identity of your clients is a
secret that that you can't you can't do
both of it that'd be like you're in high
school and you come home late past your
curfew and you tell your mom that she
can't ground you because you relate for
such a good reason such a good secret
reason that you can't tell your mom what
would your mom do your mom would ground
you if you tried that either yeah you
could tell me what the good reason is or
you yeah anyway the judge yesterday
grounded Michael Cohen on this point
which is how we learned that the the
Cable News host guy who has been
over-the-top criticizing the FBI every
FBI raid on Michael Cohen's office
calling it basically the death of the
Republic that the FBI did this that
particular Cable News host wasn't
disclosing to his viewers or apparently
to his employer that his take on this
matter might possibly have been
inflected by the fact that his own legal
materials could have been among those
seized by the FBI in these raids on
Cohen's offices since Michael Cohen is
his lawyer - well since that dramatic
revelation in court yesterday
today the Atlantic magazine has reported
that it's not just Michael Cohen
mr. hannity on the Fox News Channel has
also retained at least one other of the
president's lawyers for his own legal
matters Jay Sekulow although at least in
that instance mr. hannity disclosed on
the air
that he had engaged mr. Sekulow for his
own legal work that's good the
disclosure is a good idea it does
however just raise the question as to
why he wouldn't disclose it for the
president's other lawyer with whom he
also had a professional relationship why
in fact it's Michael Cohen saying he was
directed by his client Sean Hannity to
keep their relationship secret he says
in he says to the court officially that
mr. Hannity told him he should appeal
any legal order to disclose mr.
Hannity's name mr. Hannity was willing
to disclose his legal relationship with
Jay Sekulow why did he go to such
lengths to keep his relationship with
Michael Cohen secret while repeatedly
hosting Michael Cohen on his show and
opining on mr. Cohen's case and because
the spring of 2018 is clearly drunk and
it needs to go home one of the women who
mr. Cohen says he paid just days before
the election with his own money to stop
her from talking about her alleged
relationship with the president stormy
Daniels she is not only part of this
court case in lower Manhattan she now
has every reason to go anywhere
everywhere to tell the story that
Michael Cohen paid her a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars not to tell I
worked very very hard the last ten years
as though to really be known as a female
director in the in the adult business I
was in the process of like moving on to
some mainstream things I've directed
some music videos I had a passion
project of mine in the works for the
last several years to direct a horror
movie and those people that were my
investors haven't ghosted me yeah like
they've completely abandoned me I'd be
in the movie
speaking of that earlier this month he
broke his silence denied knowing
anything about hush money where it came
from
let's take a look
so did this surprise you at all let me
just say I work in the adult business
and I'm a better actress than he is
after that appearance on the view today
we learned that stormy Daniels will also
be featured on the cover of a new issue
of Penthouse magazine in which she
pledges that the one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars she got in the michael
cohen deal will now be donated to
Planned Parenthood in the president's
name penthouse also promising that MS
Daniels will reveal several
not-safe-for-work details
meaning detailed details about her
sexual experience with the president oh
good and yes the whole thing will be
accompanied by a new nude photo spread
there should be a different word photo
spray photo shoot a big new naked
photograph whatever yeah so like I said
it's not always easy to talk about it
this stuff but now you know and it it
would be easy to see this as a sideshow
because of the characters and content
involved right because it's not being
operated out of the special counsel's
office it's in New York because of the
strange multi levels of media
involvement here and all the rest of it
but what we can tell about the substance
of this case shows that this is not a
circus for the president this is
freaking serious this is about him
directly there are five paragraphs in
that attachment a that deal directly
with seeking the papers of the President
of the United States that are in
possession of my client that this case
is that deadly serious and therefore I
will leave you with two last things you
should know are going on around the
edges of this serious case number one is
about James Comey James commis book is
officially out today you may have
noticed and you know the basics here
right James Comey fired by the president
last year when he was overseeing the
FBI's investigation into the Russian
attack on our election and the question
of whether the Trump campaign was
involved in that crime commis firing in
part prompted the naming of robert
muller as a special counsel to continue
that into
negation Moller Special Counsel office
is reported by NBC News to have prepared
at least four findings already on the
president and the issue of obstruction
of justice one of those findings is
reportedly about the president's intent
when he fired James Comey and that means
any evidence of the president's intent
toward James Comey his intention when it
came to firing him right now that
evidence would be part of a live ongoing
FBI investigation within the special
counsels remit that part we have known
that is part of why we expected the
publication of mr. commis book to be so
agitating for the president and for this
White House what we did not know is that
Republicans in Congress would try to get
that evidence from this live ongoing
investigation in the middle of the
investigation
Republicans trey Gowdy Devin Nunez and
Bob Goodlatte have all made a demand of
Rod Rosenstein the Justice Department
official overseeing the Malheur
investigation they have now demanded
that Rosenstein hand over to them
this evidence hand over to them
unredacted copies of commis memos
documenting his interactions with the
president before he was fired these
memos again are thought to be a key
piece of evidence in an open ongoing FBI
investigation of the president which
could potentially result in the
president being criminally charged these
republican members of congress are
telling the Justice Department rod rosen
Stein in particular that he needs to
hand over that evidence from this live
investigation today rod Rosen Stein
asked for more time to consider their
request but it seems pretty clear that
these republican congressmen are asking
for something they know he can't really
hand over in the middle of an
investigation
you can't give away the evidence in the
middle of an ongoing investigation this
is evidence that has not been made
publicly available it has been described
but the memos themselves have not been
distributed to the public they are part
of a live investigation which means it
appears that these members of Congress
are setting rod Rosenstein up to tell
them no you can't have what you're
asking for which means they may be
setting up a new artificial
confrontation a new possible pretense to
say that rod Rosenstein is some kind of
bad guy who ought to be fired at the
Justice Department oh and by the way
he's overseeing the Moller investigation
so let's put somebody new in there right
that that is happening right now that
demand for documents from Rosenstein is
happening right now he got an extension
for a few more days to consider their
requests but watch that because it seems
pretty clear why they're doing it with
the Republican leader of the Senate
Mitch McConnell saying definitively on
the Fox News Channel this afternoon that
he will not move any legislation even
bipartisan legislation to protect
Moeller from being fired by the
president just watch this watch what
these Republicans are doing in Congress
to prepare the ground for the president
to start firing people that's happening
right now watch that that's one second
thing to watch and this is the final
thing watch the Southern District of New
York that is where this important but
raucous court proceeding is going on
concerning the president's lawyer and
and the FBI fulfilling a search warrant
that demands paperwork concerning the
president's interactions with Michael
Cohen Southern District of New York is
the prosecutor's office where President
Trump
unexpectedly last year fired Preet
Bharara the US attorney in that office
he had previously insisted to Berar that
he could keep his job in the Trump
administration but then he fired him
anyway after Barrera was fired career
prosecutors took over the US Attorney's
Office for a while but then in January
the President installed a new interim US
attorney in the Southern District of New
York his name is Jeffrey Berman
he's a Trump donor he worked on the
Trump transition he has a law partner of
trumps friend Rudy Giuliani he
controversially took a personal meeting
with Trump about the New York US
Attorney job before Trump named him to
the position in an interim capacity in
January by January we now know that
office had also apparently opened this
criminal investigation into the
president's lawyer into Michael Cohen
and according to the New York Times now
Jeffrey Berman the newly appointed
interim head of that office who had just
got that job from Trump in the first
week in January
he's very soon after getting that job
recused himself from the Cohen case so
he wouldn't be involved in the Cohen
case at all and we don't know why he did
that
time's reporting that mr. Berman wasn't
recused because he had any known
relationship with Cohen wasn't recused
because he's Giuliani's law partner
he wasn't even recused because of that
personal meeting he took with Trump
before he got the job but for some
reason he was recused ethics officials
at main justice in Washington apparently
told him he should recuse so the
president's personal lawyer is in court
and the FBI is raiding his office in his
home looking for papers pertaining to
the president and the president's pick
to run the office conducting that
investigation has stepped aside and has
not decided to not be involved in this
matter why is that and how long does
that stand here's something that's
important to know here in the next two
and a half weeks president Trump has to
decide it Jeffery Berman is going to get
formally nominated for that US Attorney
job in the Southern District of New York
or if the president is going to let his
interim appointment run out whereupon
the president could stick someone new in
there Jeffery Berman is not confirmed by
the Senate he's not even formally
nominated to the Senate yet
he's just an interim appointment his
interim appointment basically runs out
in two and a half weeks on May 3rd as
this case unfolds that is so directly
about the president the president now
has a choice to make between now and May
3rd he could nominate Jeffery Berman to
the Senate keep Berman in that job
Berman is recused from the Cohen case
the Cohen case would presumably go on as
it has been or the president could
decide to not leave Jeffery Berman in
that job perhaps he doesn't like the
fact that Berman is so inconvenient
lirik used from this Michael Cohen case
this case that could conceivably decide
the president's fate if the president
decides in the next two and a half weeks
that he's gonna stick somebody new in
there presumably that new person would
not be recused from the michael cohen
case and then what would happen to the
michael cohen case so yes keep watching
this case unfold in lower Manhattan it
is about the president to a degree we
really ought to appreciate and take
seriously but watch these two things
watch Republicans in Congress as they
are readying the field for the president
to start firing his way through the
Justice Department to try to shut this
thing down
and watch this one job at the helm of
that office that is bringing that case
eyes open hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
