and and as as jonathan turley pointed
out yesterday we get the the defining
line was I thought from the entire
hearing this was when the judge said
that the the the Southern District of
New York
prosecutors integrity was unimpeachable
which basically says I'm you know what
they're gonna do what they're gonna do
and they're gonna get my support because
they've worked before me and from
everything I've heard their integrity is
unimpeachable I'm curious though I've
expressed my concerns about Sean Hannity
what happened in the Cochran Hannity's
name being dragged out in in to the
public the way that it was regardless of
what Sean Hannity has done over the past
10 years but I do wonder though this
still leaves a very big problem for Sean
Hannity and Fox News well Shawn is
putting up pictures of robert muller
exactly a vietnam war hero Purple Heart
winner and and several awarded several
several medals and devoted his entire
life to public service and he puts Bob
Muller's name and face up and then
starts attaching lines talking about the
Moller crime family which of course is
such a great insult to to everything
that is right in this country really is
and then you actually though ironically
at the same time he's trashing Muller
and trashing the raid that he was
subject to - but he didn't tell his
viewers you actually could put Sean
Hannity up top or Donald Trump and start
throwing lines - Michael Cohen and Sean
Hannity and this RNC guy and others I
mean how does Fox News not well that's
often does not address this when he was
central to this story it seems like he
is at least today for sure I mean it's a
story with a lot of different tentacles
but I have to say for those who are in
charge at Fox you have to be asking
yourself and maybe they know more
more will come out but give him what you
described the hours and hours of
television that he has done very
critical of the raid on Michael Cohen's
office and very positive for Trump he
was named as a third client I mean
that's significant I it's not like it's
not like Oh Cohen it's not like it Jones
and a sound like they have so that III
think there are great questions about
why that didn't come out in private
first and then if necessary public later
having said that did Sean Hannity tell
his bosses that I am a third client of
Michael Cohen but I'm going I'm on the
air tonight because I will tell you if
he did not and if he proceeded to do the
coverage that he's been doing for months
honestly and what Ian you know it
appears he intends to continue doing
he's lying to his viewers both face
lying not disclosed that he is a third
client of Michael Cohen but yet to do
these incredible hit jobs on the raid on
Michael Cohen's office of which his
stuff is being raided and taken away
this is crazy this is crazy town in the
news business if you do not take him
into the office and figure out how to go
forward with this host on Fox News then
I don't I don't know what you're doing
over there I don't know what has
happened well you know and the problem
the problem is exacerbated Willie
because there has been a lot of friction
between Sean and a couple of other late
night hosts and the rest of Fox News you
hear it all the time and you know Shep
Smith and a lot of others that are do
the hard news over at Fox News and
there's some great people that do hard
news absolutely and I'm not gonna start
listing the names because I wouldn't I
wouldn't get to all of them but they've
been saying for some time they're
embarrassed by what he's doing and so I
wonder if this adds even more friction
well I mean you saw it written on Shep
Smith's face yesterday didn't you when
he had to cover that stat story he's got
the number we'll figure than I I agree
with everything you said in a normal
world of course this would be a massive
problem and it should be but remember
who Sean Hannity is to his viewers
is the great defender of Donald J Fox
has been Saiga they are right so that
has to come from the executive office I
agree with that but to Sean Hannity's
millions of viewers and his millions of
radio listeners he's the great defender
of Donald Trump so if he was helping
them out if they were represented by the
same lawyer no darts I'll throw up their
hands but Fox has a responsibility to
look at this obviously Fox News has a
business problem here he's their
top-rated host he's the top-rated host
and cable I believe and and so there's a
huge economic interest in this just as
they used to have that problem with Bill
O'Reilly now they have it with Sean
Hannity but it is clear that he seems to
be saying this was not a big enough deal
that I had to tell anyone that's what he
said that's what he said this state is
so he's representing that he did not
tell his bosses he's I didn't think it
was big I think was close to anyone all
right yeah he says a few casual
questions about a real estate tameka's
point though tameka's point I don't
think you quarry to what he said
yesterday doesn't seem like he told his
bosses and if ours bosses I might be a
little annoyed here's the quote before
we go here's the quote Sean Hannity
yesterday my discussions with Michael
Cohen never rose to any level that I
needed to tell anyone that I was asking
him question it in court when asked what
the third client was so there's a little
bit of confusion here and yet as John
Heilemann said if it wasn't such a big
deal why did the lawyers why did the
president's lawyers fight so hard for so
long to keep Sean Hannity's name out of
the public eye until there was an
attorney-client privilege there oh well
still ahead on Morning Joe will talk to
stormy Daniels attorney Michael avenatti
here on set last time he stopped by he
revealed that bombshell story but first
nikki Haley had a big moment on Sunday
announcing new sanctions against Russia
President Trump apparently doesn't like
either aspect of that Haley's
announcement or the sanctions themselves
nikki Haley 20 got Nikki that's
right that's a heck of a primary thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
