I don't buy this stuff about him being
mentally incompetent the early stages of
dementia he strikes me as a person of
above-average intelligence who's
tracking conversations and knows what's
going on I don't think he's medically
unfit to be President I think he's
morally unfit to be President
a person who sees moral equivalence in
Strongsville who talks about and treats
women like they're pieces of meat who
lies constantly about matters big and
small and insist the American people
believe it
that person's not fit to be President of
the United States on moral grounds you
don't hear that often from former FBI
directors James James Comey on ABC last
night part of this blitz press tour for
his book which remember doesn't come out
until tomorrow in that interview Comey
also talked about that February 2017
meeting where he says President Trump
asked him to drop the FBI investigation
into Michael Flynn his words were though
I hope you can let it go I took the
expression of hope as this is what I
want you to do this president says he
didn't say that
yeah what am I gonna do he did it was
president Trump obstructing justice
possibly I mean it's certainly some
evidence of destruction of justice well
you know that phrase about payback since
Saturday president Trump has slammed
Comey a number of times on Twitter
writing in part quote slippery James
Comey will go down as the worst FBI
director in history by far I never asked
Comey for personal loyalty I hardly even
knew this guy just another of his many
lies his memos are self-serving and fake
back with us Phillip Rooker
Ashley Parker Washington Post Chuck
Rosenberg and Jennifer Rogers of counsel
to this conversation so Ashley what
among the people you talked to in the
West Wing of this White House what do
they fear more more of the details
coming public of this book which let's
remember comes out tomorrow or the
president's reaction to the details in
the book almost certainly the latter
you're right that the book doesn't come
out until tomorrow but sort of all of
the best details of the book have been
thoroughly
in the media sphere already and to be
honest there the book is very juicy but
there's not that many revelations in the
book that weren't sort of already out in
the public discourse what
West Wing AIDS and the president sort of
orbit of friends are worried about is
the way as you put it you know Comey is
sort of living in rent-free in the
president's head and driving him crazy
and the book comes out Tuesday which
means basically a huge media and book
tour is just starting and so the concern
is that James Comey is someone who like
the president has proven himself quite
media savvy he knows how to tell a
narrative he knows how to tease juicy
details and they they never know these
White House aides what the president is
gonna tweet what may he's certainly
upset he's certainly angry but they
don't quite know where that leads to
does it lead to an angry tweet or does
it lead to a potential shake-up at the
Department of Justice and so those are
the things they're worried about and
those are the things that they can't
control and this basically publicity
tour is just starting Phil you have
written beautifully and often about this
president's need for an enemy that it
sharpens his focus it is precisely why
people say Barack Obama has been all but
silent as to not give this present a
president a big visible enemy but tell
me kind of tease it out for me how does
it going to look like in the long view
because what we also learned about this
court case today is this is going to
take a while a roll out as the federal
judge put it is is going to be a slow
process and more and more people are
just going to be buying and reading this
book yeah the the book rollout is
certainly going to take a while and
Comey is going to be out there on a
national stage with a huge media
spotlight weighing in on news of the day
in addition to sharing his observations
about Trump and details from the book I
wouldn't be surprised if every day he's
asked to time in there to comment on
what President Trump is doing in office
and it just makes him a player in this
whole drama we have here that is the
presidency and you're absolutely right
about Donald Trump president Trump
wanting and then
he seems to do his best in a campaign
environment where he's fighting against
somebody else he can give them a
nickname he can punch punch at them all
day long on Twitter and he hasn't had
somebody since Hillary Clinton to fill
that role and I think James Comey
is getting to be that kind of opponent
for him and we've seen it ever since he
fired Comey back in May of 2017 there
have been periods where Trump has gone
after Comey on Twitter used him as a
foil and we've seen a ferocity in the
last week in advance of this book
rollout not just from the president but
Sarah Sanders the press secretary at the
White House podium the other day gave a
scathing sort of character assassination
of James Comey that the president helped
helped her craft the Republican National
Committee the political party is
attacking Comey left and right so
there's a real effort here to play
hardball politics Chuck I ask you as not
just an FBI veteran who got quite a bit
of exposure to James Comey but as a
lawyer yourself when you look at him
with George Stephanopoulos in this ABC
interview do you say to yourself well he
can't answer that fully well he's
holding back on that answer
mother will get to hear his actual
answer is there a lot of that as you
watch or cut something like this not
that much Brian I think it's that right
that there aren't a lot of revelations
with respect to the investigation that
came out of the Stephanopoulos interview
that said I've read the book cover to
cover and I need to give it some context
Jim is a old and dear friend of mine he
was my boss he was also my colleague but
like all human beings he's flawed he had
he's headstrong he has a big ego
sometimes he rushes to judgment but in
the 25 years I've known that man Brian
he has always told the truth always
about everything even when it's painful
even when it makes him look bad and so
what I asked some people to do is rather
than read what the pundits are saying
about Jim and the book actually read the
book it's well-written it's a good story
there's a ton of detail about lots of
chapters in his
not just about President Trump and so I
don't think we're going to learn
anything new about the investigation but
you may see a few things about Jim Comey
that surprised you and it may change
your opinion of what he did and why he
did it
Jennifer as a veteran of the storied
Southern District something Comey once
ran if you're Muller looking down your
witness list
how big a wail is that name James Comey
well he's a huge witness he's central to
all of this right I mean it's the firing
of Jim Comey that brings you the
strongest obstruction of justice charge
if that's where this is headed
he tells about the conversation that he
had with Trump about the personal
loyalty and the conversation about
laying off of Michael Flynn so he's
clearly one of the the key witnesses
here and that's why Muller is probably
holding his breath a little bit as he
sees these interviews going on hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
