Friday on the beat and if there was ever
a week for some serious falling back
it's this one it is time to fall back
today we are joined by the one and only
Big Daddy Kane a Grammy award-winning
rapper with several gold albums under
his belt and hits like smooth operator
and no half-stepping he's worked with
Quincy Jones MC Hammer to Park Jay Z
common MTV named him one of the greatest
MCS of all time and Big Daddy is joined
by the Daily Brief eleanor clift the
author of six books a famous TV presents
from her time on The McLaughlin group
she also cameo as herself in the movies
Independence Day and Dave not bad
Murphy Brown - and Murphy Brown which is
back back in the news Big Daddy Kane who
needs to fall back I guess I would have
to say Ted Cruz yeah I mean I think that
you know for you to take a stand and be
so firm about death penalty you know to
the point that you feel that kids
deserve it that rapists that didn't
murder anybody long deserved it then you
know you should have these same views
about someone else that's being you know
charged with something you know you
can't sit there and say that oh he was
just a kid
I mean that applies all the way around
it this idea that Republicans have
suddenly decided to give Brett Kavanaugh
a break for his teenage years while
they've been doing a lot of
quote-unquote tough on crime where they
go after teenagers pretty aggressively
yeah I mean you know me myself I mean I
can't sit there and condemn someone else
else if I'm not gonna have the same
views for the people that's in my house
yeah yeah it does seem that the only
time we see this sort of new comfort
with youthful indiscretions by the
Republican elites seems to be when it's
one of their own well and it really did
come up in the Kavanagh stuff I mean I
was a lot about class kids sophomores in
high schools renting beach houses this
was not a world that I was familiar with
in Brooklyn and Queens
and yeah youthful indiscretions or oh we
did it teenage years it shouldn't matter
now I think they're minded people can
come down on both sides of whether what
he was accused of if in fact he did it
whether that was disqualifying or not
grow but all of the excuses made for it
even you know the fact that gee we
shouldn't be shaming people who drink
beer but there's double standards for
white people and black people when it
comes to teenage pranks a lot of young
black men get killed for for doing
things yes and that's very heartening
that somebody is getting punished
there's also just in the politics of it
Ellenor when you look at some of the
Republicans who were held out as sort of
procedural heroes and then it turns out
they're not there who else is your
fallback well Susan Carlin was a big
disappointment and trying to reclaim the
moral high ground for the Republican
Party I look at her doing their dirty
work so I put her there but Lindsey
Graham Lindsey Graham I guess if you're
a Republican strategist he actually
reclaimed the Cavanaugh nomination when
he had his outburst he turned that
tearing around but I think he turned it
around I think he did it and he did it
with anger with and he by the way we
talked about who's bringing up what he
brought up his white male Nisour
whatever reason and said quote because
he's a white male from South Carolina
he's not allowed to talk but he's gonna
let's look at that moment this is the
most unethical sham since I've been in
politics and if you really wanted to
know the truth you sure as hell wouldn't
have done what you've done to this guy
this is hell this this is going to
destroy the ability of good people to
come forward because of this crap
well now that mr. Cavanaugh is likely to
be installed on the court maybe Lindsey
Graham will go back to being his folksy
South Carolina self somebody who works
across party lines I wonder how he is
dealing with the loss of John McCain
that he really was McCain's wingman okay
so I'm thinking maybe that has something
to do with his going off the rails
I heard that might make him a little
more on board who else do they need to
fall back honestly I probably have to
say Kanye Kanye West yeah he went out on
SNL we have a little clip of this and
you could speak to it this was after the
end of SNL so not everyone saw this on
TV take a look they bully me
they bullet me backstage they said don't
go out there with the hat on they
bullied me backstage they believe me I
don't think that you know you should
bully anybody for their political
beliefs mhm and also when you speak in
politics I don't think that you know if
you're black being a Republican is wrong
and I don't think that being a Democrat
is right you have the right to choose
whatever political party you want to be
a part of however however if it's the
type of situation where you're defending
someone that's destroying your race your
education there's so many other
different things you know
and Blake blatantly just you know
support and racism mm-hmm and being a
sexist on television in front of
everyone to see I don't see how you can
respect that so it's not about politics
it's not about being a Republican or a
Democrat
it's about of you know the way a person
is does it strike you that in the way
that Kanye West talks about it there's
actually a disturbing echo of the way
Brett Kavanaugh supporters and other
people talk about it which is people
with a lot of privilege money and power
saying they're the victim they're being
bullied I mean Kanye West is literally
on TV wearing the red hat so his notion
that he's being repressed doesn't work
because he's out there with the platform
well it also doesn't work because he was
wearing a Perrier bottle
almost
I want to say something on behalf of
black Republicans I grew up in New York
and I lived in Atlanta for ten years and
I that was when I first saw black
Republicans who were living the legacy
of Abraham Lincoln and they were the
they were the good guys and really I was
it was my political awakening in Atlanta
when the city was too busy to hate and
there was a lot of white progressive
mayor who really worked at race
relations but I Republicans have been
used as trophies in the Republican Party
they haven't really been fully
integrated I don't think but and I don't
know if if this era is the time for them
I think the Republican Party has a lot
of soul-searching to do as to who and
what they are right well and I didn't
know we were going to talk about black
Republicans so much that's like a jay-z
song and he's not even here to talk to
you about it daddy but it is interesting
and it goes to what you're saying the
moment we're in which is on both race
and gender it's not just politics people
are talking about whether they are under
attack their identities yeah I have
friends that are and black friends that
are Republicans so I mean you know
because you're Republican that doesn't
make you a bad guy sure yeah I really
appreciate you coming by I always like
meeting the legends Big Daddy Kane and
Eleanor cliff or if we want to do a rap
name we could say little Eleanor with
your blessing swelling or swelling oh
thank you both
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
