I want to bring my panel and on this
Jack Quinn served as former White House
Counsel to President Clinton and chief
of staff to Vice President Gore Evans
Siegfried a Republican strategist and
Tim O'Brien executive editor of
Bloomberg View and gadfly Jack to you
first you haven't read the book but I'm
guessing you've seen the interview do
you see a smoking gun anywhere well I
don't see a smoking gun I let me say
first of all I you know i honored james
comey service to the country and the
rule of law
I was certainly I'm troubled by the
timing of the publication of his book
the investigation here is in the main in
the hands of mr. Muller in the Southern
District of New York and you know
conceivably in the Attorney General for
the state of New York I think that his
injecting himself now is is unhelpful
it's bad timing just as was the bad
timing of his announcement about
reopening the investigation of mrs.
Clinton during the campaign I wish he
had held off I don't think this makes
life easier for the FBI I don't think it
makes life easier for mr. Muller and it
was it was just an unnecessary intrusion
at a very what I think is delicate
moment in this investigation the thing I
think many of us thought we would get
out of the book was real wrongdoing the
fact that Jim Comey is pushing this idea
that the president is morally unfit and
people need to stand up and vote we're
not looking for for an ex-fbi director
to tell people who should vote so evan
is the White House missing an
opportunity to say here look Jim Comey
has said didn't say that the president
did anything illegal I think the White
House is really blowing it again because
we know they miss opportunities they're
responding they could take it as a win
and they could stay above the fray and
say listen James call me he's entitled
to sell us books we're gonna talk about
the issues that matter but instead the
White House and the RNC are spending
money
rebutting James Comey in fact they're
inflating and amplifying his message
no James commis book is not going to
change anybody's minds if you like the
president you're gonna be attacking
James Comey and if you didn't like the
president
you're going to be attacking Trump and
saying here's a smoking gun it's an
inkblot but the White House should be
foot UN the RNC should be focusing on
say the midterm elections and also
they're incentivizing the anti-trump
book market because look at the sales or
the pre-sales the book comes out
tomorrow and it's through the roof
850,000 copies were printed in advance
and at least 200,000 have been sold okay
great well then this administration or
this presidency thus far has paid
lawyers a whole lot of money and it's
sold a whole lot of books but does this
story Tim does it change anyone's view
does it change anyone's vote because it
certainly seems like listen he's saying
his skin was orange it looked like he
went tanning his ties were too long his
hands were really small people who felt
that way already felt that way right I
mean I think that's why the issue of a
smoking gun is so important I think
that's also the challenge of Bob Muller
faces at the end of the day whenever his
investigation concludes in the future
will he have a legal narrative and a
story that disturbs voters and members
of Congress about the president's
conduct I don't I think everything that
Comey has said is known I also agree
with Jack I think strategically in terms
of the Muller investigation it's a shame
that Comey came out now with this book I
think he's more valuable as a witness a
witness who's not seen as a
self-promoter witness who's not trying
to sell books but a witness who has a
story to tell that Muller can deploy in
an investigation Jack and if I may to
Tim's point I mean he he says at one
point in the interview that that perhaps
the president obstructed justice well
that could be under certain
circumstances and impeachable offense of
course and then he says the president
shouldn't be impeached and and he says
it in a way that suggests the American
people deserve punishment for electing
him the Constitution doesn't work that
way if indeed there are high crimes and
misdemeanors that impeachment is in
order I'm not suggesting that we know
that now but again he's injecting this
sort of moral conclusion in an area
where fine analysis of the law is what's
really in order I think the the issue on
the president being morally unfit those
issues
known before he won whether we're
talking about a career of lying about
things great and small the Access
Hollywood take the people he surrounded
himself by everyone knew that when they
voted for him that part is not a
surprise the surprise would be did he
commit illegal activity that colluded
with Russians to help him get elected or
bid or bad business practices Evan this
was already litigated in 2016 yes and to
Jack's point I think Ed Koch had a very
wonderful quote saying the people have
spoken and now they must be punished it
seems that's what Comey is saying but I
think if we have to look at James Comey
in his career I served in the Eastern
District of New York for six years and
James Comey was a revered figure at that
time and over the past year since he was
fired as FBI director he has taken the
integrity and respect he has earned
throughout the legal community in the
law enforcement community and set it on
fire with it how he's been showboating
with his this book the timing of the
investigation and that's a very sad
thing to see on fire I think I think
he's I think he's thrown a wrench into
the investigation Jim Comey still has
enormous credibility when President
Trump starts tweeting at Jim Comey
yesterday that I never asked you to take
a loyalty pledge I don't believe that
for a second you know omerta is one of
the scene Kwan's of Trump land yet you
don't survive there unless you're loyal
to Trump first and I think commis
account of all of their meetings has
enormous credibility
I just think no one wants Jim Comey to
past normal moral judgment Jim Comey
should be part of a legal process but
what's twisted is Jim Comey may be
absolutely correct in comparing Trump's
behavior to that of a mob boss but Trump
and his posse are okay with that
Michael Cohen loves that brand they
actually think as upsetting as it is is
that it's cool Jack I want to share more
of the interview just take a look do you
think the Russians have something on
Donald Trump I think it's possible I
don't know these are more words I never
thought I'd
about a president United States but it's
possible it always struck me and still
strikes me as unlikely and I would have
been able to say with high confidence
about any other president I dealt with
but I can't it's possible so he's saying
it's possible does it sound like he's
holding back because he's possibly
sharing information with robert muller
or he really doesn't know and if he
doesn't know kind of makes you think
well then who does well it's it's hard
to say but look I think I certainly
wouldn't be the first nor would he to
suggest that the president's silence in
the face of what is clearly an
interference on the part of Russia in
our democratic elections is is
remarkable and suggestive of something
going on that that is not at the surface
and specifically any number of people
have wondered aloud is he somehow
beholden in a way that prevents him from
condemning Russia in the very strongest
possible terms and with the strongest
sanctions on the part of the United
States for what it did and what it is
trying to do and what it continues to
try to do to interfere with America and
its democratic processes yes I too am on
that list of people and would love to
know what is it
how about President Trump and Putin hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
