all right joining me now is I fixed my
mic cord they discussed our bugs killer
Mike at all is still a Tiffany cross
co-founder of the beat DC why you're not
here my friend and today host of the
podcast litter a show you must come back
to New York
alright I'm gonna start you were the
you've the advantage because you're them
hear your thoughts on the on the killer
Mike inner you know I I was disappointed
that he didn't really answer the
questions I think the core question that
you ask if he wants to talk about
increasing gun ownership right it where
is the NRA for black and brown people it
starts as a reaction to the Black
Panthers as you note they're not there
for fill and oak as deal they're not
there for John I mean they're not there
for John Crawford right John Joe Harford
was buying a toy BB gun but the NRA is a
gun lobbying organization they're not
here for the people they're here for the
gun manufacturers right John Crawford
was purchasing a gun yes and open
carrying in an open carry state with it
not even a real gun so was Tamir rice
Sharma killed in a store in the toilet
he there for him for a gun purchaser or
a potential gun purchaser and that Mike
is not able to answer these questions
you're asking simple direct questions
they're not overly partisan just is the
NRA they're for black people and we know
that the NRA is consistently using black
men yeah as a boogie man to to motivate
gun sales where are you on that Mike I
need answers on these questions before I
can follow you into the Pro NRA Pro
black gun owners and the whole notion
that these men in Starbucks would have
survived if they had a gun that's absurd
we know we cannot be taking up guns
against the police that is not how we're
going to win the battle against police
brutality yeah I could go on all day
look at the other activities speaking of
using black men to sell guns you know
the NRA have been pretty explicit about
the fact and gummy gun manufacturers
been pretty explicit that having a black
man in the White House really helps gun
sales
they scaremongering around Barack Obama
made a lot of money they actually
stockpiled guns to sell thinking then
there's gonna be a woman who's gonna
come bring the black helicopters she
lost and now peak companies like
Remington that make the air 15 are
financially down the tubes because they
don't have a
man to use to scare monger and the NRA
TV has made numerous disparaging
comments about the first black president
and to Kevin Mike's point I mean I think
his effort to say more black people
should go out and buy guns that actually
does a tremendous amount to help the gun
control argument because I can guarantee
you the second you have a million black
men with guns there will be a whole lot
of people on the other side of the
divide all of a sudden very interested
in having a conversation on gun control
but I think what's disturbing to me
about this trend that we see right so he
says he's not here to defend the NRA ah
but you did buy your brand by your
presence on there there the NRA TV you
then validated this organization the
same way that Steve Harvey validated
Donald Trump when he stood next to him
the same way Kanye West validated him
with his blonde hair and stood in lobby
of Trump Towers the same way Omarosa
crawled all the way deep into the sunken
place and validated this man repeatedly
through the campaign trail this is the
same thing that killer Mike did and it's
the disappointing I grew up in Atlanta
he's done amazing things in Atlanta and
I applaud him for that for highlighting
that yes there is room for diversity of
thought on the Left there's room for
diversity of thought among black people
we're not a homogenous group of people
however the same people who are getting
arrested for sitting peacefully in a
Starbucks and for some reason we think
the onus is on black people to keep the
conversation calm the same people who
are getting shot who are unarmed the
same people like falando castile these
are the people who listen to your
records we were weaned on your
truth-telling and hip-hop and so for him
to come on air and then you know act
like you know black people like thank
you guys for staying calm like sometimes
it is okay to be pissed off that you are
sitting and it's Starbucks minding your
own business peacefully the same way
that everybody else is and the police
come and they arrest these men for doing
nothing it's disappointing to see that
he wasn't out front on those issues and
if we can just acknowledge that the NRA
itself is a dubious organization they
say they have 4.5 million members I
doubt those numbers it's reminiscent of
when you had congressman gaps on the
show and asked him how many NRA members
in Florida he's had a couple million you
said no my friend is just over 300,000
this is not this is a boogeyman of an
organization they are
basically funded by gun manufacturers
not by these members and so when even
though he came and offered other
organizations that people could join he
still lended them some sort of validity
by appearing on their network and this
is a call to other black people don't
get pulled into the sunken place by
appearing on these things because they
will co-opt your message and your voice
and you will be on them joy eating crow
and apologizing for some ridiculous when
we call you out on it it we are always
going to be here to call you out believe
it in love and let me just say let me
give Creek killer my credit for coming
up because he wanted to come on okay I'm
gonna set you to be proactive that his
team reached out to us and they want to
cuz I give him credit and I want to give
him credit for being willing to come on
in because he really did get dragged
okay under trade for this and he is
somebody who's tried to be an
intellectual and sort of positive very
liberal voice politically for younger
people I saw him in I saw him work his
magic in barber shops right the vendors
but my question I guess the bigger
picture is you know I'm not anti people
big I'm against everybody have a gun I'm
not look with the conversation when it
comes to the NRA is so racialized that
I'm there because everybody if black
people open carried they'd be killed yes
that's right that's right look you know
I for a long time have held killer Mike
in esteem one of the intellectual
rappers this is why this moment was
disappointing to me that I thought he
was allowed himself to be used by the
NRA he's been in media too long to say I
didn't know how they were going to use
that and the clip that you talked about
not allowing his children to participate
in the March for our live which he says
it's because his son got bad grades okay
come on I mean like can we not be gun
owners and also want sensible gun reform
absolutely that possible look that's
most an arraignment for people who own
guns in an era make more people in that
area unsafe we know that so increasing
gun ownership will not make us safer
absolutely and you know what so we need
to continue to have this conversation
but the gun ownership conversation is
just different when it comes to black
people and people of color it just is
because we are just not treated the same
way it just it just you know that's just
a reality we have to deal with Tiffany
cross and terrain we have to do this
again we're gonna have you guys in the
same city those people
Fable yes well egg cocktails it'll be
like a morning party instead of morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
