Republican Senator John Kennedy who's on
the Senate Judiciary Committee and
Senator welcome back to the show sir
Thank You Chuck
so look I want to try to look forward
here I think we all know the mess
backwards
senator Collins said she hopes this
means we've hit rock bottom
why am i skeptical that we have I'm
skeptical to I'm afraid that there will
be for every action there's usually an
opposite reaction I hope I'm wrong I'm
afraid that'll happen here it doesn't
have to I was listening with interest to
your panel I think this process changed
dramatically when mr. avenatti entered
the picture I think a lot of people
including many of my Democratic
colleagues felt like vent at that point
we had gotten into the foothills of
preposterous I hope we've learned
something from that but I don't think
there were any winners and this I bet
you haven't all doesn't feel like a
winner
I bet dr. Ford and our family don't feel
like winners but in terms of what
happens in the future I don't know Chuck
that's up to us yeah will that get
better yes it is up to you I'd like to
think it would get better but this is a
winner-take-all approach up here and
Washington is sort of love online and
the rest of the country when everybody's
unhappy and Washington a lot of folks
across America are very happy right and
and Washington doesn't understand it
says it does but a lot of people in
Washington don't understand that the
rest of America laughs at us they think
this whole place is is it is just
dysfunction Junction you know senator I
do really get the feeling that you guys
and I say this both I think especially
those of you representing red states and
those of you representing true blue
truly blue states don't understand what
the other side is thinking here and
don't appreciate you know what I've
noticed friends
the president always seems to think that
all protesters are paid and I remember
during the Tea Party the left would say
all those protesters are paid you know
what people are protesting you know
there are people we disagree in this
country how do you think you could do
better to understand how blue America
thinks and what would you recommend to a
blue cent state senator to understand
what your constituents think well boy
you just made a great point and I felt
the anger of the sexual violence in this
country
I think the me2 movement is a positive
force for America when this broke a year
ago I didn't I said what wait wait this
I've never seen this kind of sexual
violence I talked to it a lot of my
friends happen to be women they said
what planet did you just parachute in
from it's been going on for decades and
it has and it's a problem and this is no
country for creepy old men but it's not
a country at all without due process and
and if we've learned anything from this
process whether whether the United
States Senate has learned anything or
not what I hope America has learned is
that both the accused and the accuser
are entitled to be treated with respect
and listen to their they should be
treated with fairness and they should be
given due process we tried to do that
with with dr. forward I regret what
happened the doctor for their
confidentiality was breached
we couldn't help we could have dealt
with this another way
she didn't wasn't told that she could
testify in front of the Senate
investigators and the privacy of her
home it turned into an intergalactic
freak show I feel badly for judge
Cavanaugh I feel badly for his 13 year
old in his 10 year old and America saw
this and America is not impressed no
matter what how you feel about the vote
America he's not impressed you know 27
years ago we had the hill Thomas
hearings and I know and I thought I need
a hill when she wrote an op-ed a couple
weeks ago she said something interesting
and she goes you know 27 years ago the
Judiciary Committee didn't have a
process on how to handle sensitive
allegations like this
and here we are 27 years later and it
doesn't even look like an attempt was
made and you look at the United States
Senate in general when we found out
there's been secret settlements two
staffers and things like that who's
going to be the the senator or the
person in charge here to say you know
we've got a corporate America's trying
to figure it out
I think college campuses is Howard
Fineman brought up they have figured
I've actually focused on trying to
figure out how do you deal with
allegations like this in a sensitive way
in a private way why can't the United
States Senate
well we better and hopefully we learn
something look I've never been a victim
of sexual violence but but if I were I
wouldn't go broadcast it to the world I
would be torn between I think
embarrassment and anger and I think that
was dr. Ford situation and she asked for
it to be dealt with but she asked for it
to be dealt with politically and and
some chucklehead went and leaked her
letter for political reasons I don't
know who did it doesn't matter at this
point but it but it changed this entire
process both for her and for and for
judge Cavanaugh and then it was off to
the races in just patan became
smashmouth in your face when baby when
politics now will we learn anything sure
I hope so Chuck but but I'm a little bit
of I've only been here 22 months but I'm
a little bit of a cynic I said before
today for I knew how this was going to
come out we we've hit bottom and started
to dick
and I hope I'm wrong on that but I'm
still trying to understand the way this
placement the one thing I know about the
leis place works is that the rest of
America is embarrassed for us no matter
whether you're from a red state or a
blue state I've said it before but they
look at us and they say how did you
people make it through the birth canal
for God's sakes how is it that if we
have a series of 5149 judges which is
we're going down this road and it's not
good
what's the judiciary going to look like
in ten years well before we started this
process the American people thought the
US Supreme Court was just a bunch of
mini politicians just a mini Congress
that the law was just politics practiced
another way now I don't think that's the
way it is it's certainly not what I
found what is it gonna look like it's
that's what I think people do think now
but perception is reality and even
before this process they thought that
now they really think it and we and part
of the reason is the United States
Congress because here's what I think is
the fundamental problem in America this
is the most powerful wealthiest country
in all of human history but we've got
too many Americans who are not
participating in the great wealth of
this country not economically not
socially not culturally and Congress is
supposed to address that but we don't
want to make the hard decisions I hear
it every day I can't take that vote so
they get passed on to the United States
Supreme Court and that's not what our
Constitution intended I would add
civically either we got to get people to
participate or civic as well spiritually
yes we have a lot of people that don't
feel part of America and that very quick
registration booth very quickly yeah
both senators Schumer and Durbin have
said if somehow Democrats win control of
the Senate they would think about
restoring the filibuster to 60
what do you do you think that ultimately
that should come back I don't know yet
I want to let some time pass after this
is over then I'm hoping we'll start with
the Judiciary Committee we'll all go out
to dinner one night reds and blues and
we'll start to start there start talking
about what we learned if anything from
this process I've learned a lot let me
know when you have that dinner I think
we'd all like to be eavesdroppers on
that we'll do Chuck you Senator John
Jenny will let you pick up the tab
yeah well yeah a big that that's that's
what we are good for these days fair
enough senator Kenny as always sir
thanks for coming on in charity Thank
You Chuck hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
