so I just heard that they broke into the
office of one of my personal attorneys
good man and it's a disgraceful
situation it's a total witch hunt before
this Jim Comey tell-all memoir sent him
into full meltdown mode Donald Trump was
apparently already on the edge after
Monday's FBI raid on the offices of his
personal attorney Michael Cohen
according to the New York Times Trump
sees the corruption investigation into
Cohen as a bigger threat than the Muller
probe and after the Cohen raid sources
told CNN that Trump is quote pissed
flailing and upset and that his anger is
beyond what anyone can imagine
so one can only imagine what Trump will
do next here to help me try to imagine
it is Tim O'Brien is back with me and
joining me now business and political
consultant and friend of the show Tara
Dowdell both friends of the show so
let's start with you Tara yeah you know
every time I hear another story about
Trump being in a new level of Rage I
kind of discount it because he's always
right in right right so can you as
somebody who's you know II both of you
know the man is this different and is it
different because Cohen is so close I
think this is different and I know we
say that every time but I think each
time is different different in different
ways but I do think this is different
because Cohen who has bragged about and
I don't want to be Captain Obvious here
yeah he's bragged about being Trump's
fixer right what does a fixer do a fixer
fixes situations when you would
otherwise be in trouble right so clearly
Cohen knows where all the bodies are
buried and also what we know about Cohen
is that Cohen isn't particularly
competent like many of the other people
around him yeah so the fact that they
were able to access these tapes and all
of these things that anyone else would
have said wow this investigations
getting pretty close maybe I should get
both of some of these things right but
but all of this stuff was easily
accessed
yeah and that's because of the lack of
competence of Michael Cohen and just the
shamelessness of their behavior yeah and
I want to get into a little bit because
you know we've heard so many names Tim
thrown around manna fort Roger stone all
these people who do go back with Trump
in a certain way but Cohen is distinct
just going through his history really
quickly spent nearly a decade
in Trump's real-estate company as an
employee of the Trump Organization from
2015 to 2016 he participated in
negotiations to build a Trump Tower in
Moscow something Trump really wanted
he was an informal advisor to the Trump
presidential campaign in 2016 he is the
one who arranged the paid the one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars to
stormy day is claiming he did it with a
home equity loan Trump's personal
attorney only after Trump takes office
Danny becomes his personal attorney he
promoted we hit this peace plan for
Ukraine that would have ended us
sanctions against Russia and let them
keep Crimea he became the RNC's deputy
finance chair where then he was also
paying off other women including 1.6
million dollar settlement Owen was a
Playboy model who supposedly got
abortion and here is Cohen speaking for
himself talking about his love for
Donald Trump I'll do anything to protect
mr. Trump today say mr. Trump's pit bull
ice him shoulder to shoulder is an issue
that relates to mr. Trump that is of
concern to him it's of course concern to
me and I will use my legal skills within
which to protect mr. Trump to the best
of my ability you guys are down and it
makes us there would shows most of them
all of them
says who is that man willing to go to
prison for Donald Trump I doubt it
I actually doubt that that man is
willing to go to prison for Donald Trump
and one of the signal mom's to me this
past week was after the FBI raided his
office and Trump came out and said you
know they kicked the hinges off his door
this is my personal lawyer Cohn came out
said actually you know they were polite
they actually didn't beat me up too
badly to roll a little of this back I
think you know if the anytime the
president gets extremely angry I always
think it's because he's nervous if you
really have nothing to hide you're not
gonna get that angry I think as it
pertains to Michael Kohn it's
interesting I don't think Michael Kohn
is actually the most important lawyer in
the Trump Organization I don't think I
don't think I think the media has
overplayed michael Cohn's rules day he
started no six there's a lawyer who was
there from 95 Jason Greenblatt he's now
the envoy to Israel he actually signed
off on most of the deals from 95 to the
present that are central to the Trump
Organization Michael Kohn sat there he
didn't get a salary he was brought up to
scare people he was in that tradition of
Trump saying who's my Roy Cohn well you
didn't get a salary then what did he get
he got to say that he was at the Trump
Organization he used the address in the
email system he's another one of these
hangers on who appears in trumps
universe because they want to hitch
their wagon to his star because to them
it means they're getting ahead in the
world he never actually did any real
legal work for Trump he was an enforcer
interesting because that brings me then
terror to this piece of information that
Cohan has been ordered to disclose his
client lists that if he's not getting
paid he's getting something he's getting
paid somehow if he's selling his access
to being part of Trump world to make
money then maybe what he really is
worried about is whatever his personal
business dealings are that's the problem
right and also remember this whole money
laundering thing is a big issue for
Trump all of these all of these
connections these interconnections
between him and these folks the Iranian
Revolutionary Guard one of the the men
that supposedly is a money launderer for
the Iranian Revolutionary Guard now
we're Cohen
is actually connected was he is
tangentially on you know connected to
these things that are happening Trump
Soho right the connection there with
Felix cedar yeah from solo the Ukraine
plan the Trump Tower Moscow right but
he's also paying the woman who got the
abortion and he's a natural a to Eliot
brownie who's also connected to this
attempt by UAE to influence Trump see
have a lot of people selling influence
right and now they're all investigation
another interesting thing that Trump
tweeted this morning attorney-client
privilege is now a thing of the past
he was only his lawyer after he got in
the White House I'm not sure he has a
terrified person anyway I have many too
many lawyers and they're probably
wondering when their offices or even
homes are going to be rated with
everything including their phones and
computers taken all lawyers deflated and
concern you just mentioned there's among
other lawyers they should be joy because
I actually I think the idea that Michael
cone represents something of an ED game
in this investigation yeah I think is
overblown I think I think Bob Muller has
a lot more targets I think he has
Richard targets yeah Michael cone that's
not to say Trump shouldn't be afraid of
Michael Jones transaction sir but this
is early stages given both each of you
tell me what just based on your read of
Donald Trump the person what might he do
in response how wild might he go I think
he's gonna continue to lash out and I
think that's what makes him dangerous I
said this before at this moment this is
going to be when he's one of his most
dangerous I mean excuse me this is going
to be when he's at his most dangerous or
because now he knows that basically
everything is in play right before he
thought my attorney certain people are
never going to be touched right and now
he knows that's not the case I think he
also sees that he's being outmaneuvered
and outplayed by Muller and and these
two in this team of investigators that
has become abundantly clear and I'm
going to part company on this I do think
that Michael Cohen knows a lot more than
what knows enough to make Trump very
nervous his reaction everything that
he's doing right now shows that he's
extremely nervous here I think that
Michael Cohen knows a lot has a lot of
information whether he was actually
negotiating things here doesn't change
the fact that he may have access to the
information about those sure okay we're
out of time but I have to play one more
little piece of Sam before we go and
this is the other person who's
outmanoeuvre speaking about maneuvering
well guy named Michael Evan Hadi
is way out maneuvering : Trump and
everyone else this was him on CNN this
morning announcing stormy Daniels is
going to be at that Cohen hearing on
Monday let's play that I'm gonna be
there at two o'clock I can announce that
we got comfortable with a security plan
last night from my client she's going to
attend at two o'clock on Monday
I think Monday afternoon could prove to
be very interesting stormy Daniels is
going to be in court on Monday with
Michael Cohen is that what you're saying
yeah she will attend that that uh stay
tuned
thank you Tim O'Brien and Tara downtown
appreciate you guys are coming up
somebody didn't like us pointing out
Donald Trump's mission accomplished fail
I'll tell you who that was at the break
you're watching MSNBC International
this is Milton and Milton's been out
here and he's been standing in front of
this police line only a foot or two away
the thing that caught my attention was
you've been walking by hugging people
all I ask is just for peace like Bob
Marley said one love that's why I'm not
here I'm right he was showing love and
let these guys and these men and women
know that we support them just like our
military we support our military it's
just just circles that I'll stand out
here these are my brothers and sisters
behold Andrea got him to speak finally
watch mr. secretary North Korea is now
threatening pre-emptive action can you
say whether you think that's a dangerous
escalation sir any comment on the NATO
meetings thank you he did speak that's
progress it was to be specific no
comment today Thanks see you tomorrow
seven words got to start somewhere I
called for a rally in Atlanta Georgia
John Lewis showed up and when they put
up that side that Ohio went Obama I
looked toward the back of the church
which was over Camp Fagin John Lewis was
just jumping straight up and down like
uncontrolled we did not know until that
November night what we could do it was
always a dream it became a reality John
Lennon once said that New York is the
center of the consciousness of the
universe and on a Saturday night year at
the center of my consciousness you got
Alec Baldwin stood in the hallway all
these movie stars to come and just hang
out just to watch you guys Steve Martin
it never freaked me out so right now
it's a moment share this Thank You
Michael it's pretty scary you might
think you
talent genius America has to what we
agree on permanent underclass the most
important social program is spelled J Oh
B these things can't happen without the
proper policies in place the question is
as you say how to pay for it morning Jim
we taste on MSNBC are there rules
anymore for our politics and if so will
anybody play by them these days politics
could use a little referee and we're not
afraid to blow the whistle this morning
we noticed our Syria coverage garnered
some attention from the curvy couch
where Trump's TV national security
advisors live the tweet declaring
mission accomplished because saying that
always works well for president
mission accomplished which is not a
great historical reference their mission
accomplished
really not a wise thing to tweet mission
accomplished me mission accomplished now
that's an interesting choice of words
our producers are pretty good right but
is this just another attempt to create
controversy where there is none mission
accom we all understood that george w
bush stood on that aircraft carrier with
a banner behind him visa v the iraq war
but when it came to this mission much
more limited and it's been said from the
beginning yet they run with it as if
he's declaring the end of the Iraq war
well of course and here's the problem
right there they're trying to ascribe
traits to President Trump as if he's
some seasoned politician that should
have known about this thing 15 years ago
and not tweet about it he's 71 he's
president if the bar was any lower
you'd have to limbo under it on your
knees more am joy after the break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
