I told my kids on the school walkout I
love you if you walk out that school
walk out my house we are a gun owning
family yeah
we are a family where my sister farms
we're a family where wheel fish will
hunt but we are not a family that jumps
on every single thing that ally of ours
does because some stuff you just don't
agree with no guns in Wakanda after car
during criticism including from me for
that interview on NRA TV which the NRA
posted on the same day of the March for
our lives rally rapper killer Mike
issued a video apology and clarification
of his intent fast forward a little over
a week and he and I wound up in a little
bit of a social media dust-up which
started on Instagram with Mike's comment
about this glam squad photo in which I
referenced H&M hair and makeup Mike
responded with the criticism of me
purportedly promoting a different H&M
the clothing company that caused an
uproar for advertising a coolest monkey
in the jungle sweatshirt on a little
black boy not smart asking why his in
her NRA interview was worse than that I
responded to that and Twitter took it
from there you know how it goes it's all
a misunderstanding well we decided that
even social media beef can create an
opportunity for dialogue and there are
much bigger issues at stake than my glam
pics and so Michael render publicly
known as rapper killer Mike is here to
discuss those issues and you know we
hooked up your H&M just wanting to make
you look you yes you did it is so good
to see you and let me say because I'm
raised a southern man by my grandparents
that I'm obligated to say as I've
already said on social media but I want
the public to know it because if you do
it in private you ought to be able to do
it in public I sincerely apologize for
the quick judgment and the coarse
language that I use that I feel is
appropriate at black barbecues like
Steve Harvey say it's our word now but I
shouldn't have used in criticism of us
because it wasn't at you as much as of
us because my fear and impulse was
driven by my ego and our egos can become
our masters so I'm very sorry because I
jumped to a conclusion and I used coarse
language with someone who I admire
I respect I'm a fan of and if my
grandmother would have life would have
called me and said Michael you wrong Oh
what they well I appreciate that I do
appreciate that you've been very
gracious like you know in talked about
this and you know and these things can
get taken a life of their own
right because of social media so I do
appreciate that and I feel like the
bigger picture here was I think for both
of us the bigger picture my criticism of
you and the video you did your criticism
of me really goes back I think to the
March for our lives and and I just want
to just for your just for your
background give you some background on
why I had such a strong reaction to you
doing that interview which of course you
did before and then they posted on that
day the morning that your video was
posted that Colie on Noir is what he
calls himself but his real name is
Collins I already died and he's a lawyer
the day that they posted that video and
that you started trending for that they
also posted like a series of tweets at
me so let's do a six first there was
they posted this series of tweets with
him tagged in it or him forwarding them
that were really like kind of
inflammatory you know going after David
hob going after the Reverend now talking
about rape is a real thing saying they
only want to hear from black people
agree with them and then let's play this
video and this is e2 from our reporters
that was the room that really got to me
that morning take a look joy read you
can go stick it we are on to you and we
will be watching every time you lay out
a ridiculous tweet like that I will be
calling you out you can bet on it tell
them please how you feel about you have
to deal with the reality of rape and how
you don't want to be disarmed dealing
with rape is a real thing being mugged
is a real thing I mean you know Mike for
me when an organization that's all about
guns starts tweeting out we're watching
you I take that as a threat honestly
maybe it was cuz they already done the
hourglass thing but do you do you
recognize sort of the sense that a lot
of us out here have that the NRA is
actually low-key threatening
particularly to people of color I think
that we have been threatened as people
of color
since we're brought here i sat down with
Colin not to promote the NRA but to
promote a conversation that's being left
out of the national gun conversation in
that conversation is black gun ownership
you know Frederick Douglass said
in 1867 a man's rights rest in three
boxes they rest in the ballot box two
jurors box and a rest in the cartridge
box and then to prove himself far more
progressive than his time he said and no
man should be restricted from the ballot
box by color and no woman by six a
hundred years later in 1967 we caught up
and got that progressive and I say that
just to say that my original
conversation and the reason I even
appeared today besides that I should
apologize for my sister and someone I
admire for using courts languages this
is to simply say african-american gun
ownership in this country has always
been used as a defensive mechanism we've
not organized militias and went out and
hunted we've not sought to kill people
we've only sought to do what either be
well said and having a Winchester in the
home should be out in honored place in
every black home defending ourselves
against lynchings tortor torture murder
brutalization I'm sorry that an
organization like the NRA has sunk two
levels of all of us all of us have
become very petty what I did was petty
it could be argued what other people
from the rock left and right it was
petty
I got threats to my life and my DM so I
can imagine what you've got I'm just
here to say to African Americans the
conversation that we need to be having
besides who our enemies are or what are
the rights that we have that we're going
to invoke are we going to invite more
law enforcement into our life because if
more gun laws pass in a blanket way more
police are in schools those police are
going to interact with our children more
we've seen in the last two years black
girls be slammed to the ground by police
in classrooms and at pool parties that's
going to increase because our children
are by the narrative of the media more
hostile and aggressive black men you're
more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD as
a child a misdiagnosis this may keep you
out of legal legitimate gun ownership
when you're a responsible father of
three and have a mother and you living
in the community so for me as deplorable
is acts that I've seen as both sides
people who are Pro and not pro-gun my
bigger conversation joy is the
conversation that we're having about
where do African Americans fit in that
I'm sorry that that happened to you I'm
sorry that I give death threats and have
to walk around with a bodyguard but I
feel better that I live in Republic
where people only fifty four years and
to freedom are allowed to protect this
the Second Amendment right and protect
yourself if need be
and you know I think and I agree with
everything you just said I mean I
covered the case in Sanford Florida the
George Zimmerman shooting of Trayvon
Martin and I remember going to the
Goldsboro district which I'm sure you
know this story where you know the black
youth the citizens Gophers you have to
defend themselves with shotguns to the
Klan but you know stressed by the fact
that the NRA has never been on the side
that you just mentioned I mean in 1967
they supported the Mulford Act which was
reinterred Act trying to disarm the
Black Panthers where volando Castille
who was a legal lawful gun owner was
shot dead by a police officer while he's
in his car doing the right thing saying
he had that gun the NRA was silent
including your friend Collier you never
said anything so I wonder whether or not
challenging them on that might let me
that was an opportunity to say them wait
a minute where were you for Orlando
Castillo and the path absolutely then
you're correct and Colin is someone like
I have a lot of black friends that don't
agree with me I have black friends that
as far-reaching as Republicans black
friends that extreme leftist Tatar
Marxist a lot of them don't agree with
me our friends that are diehard
conservatives hate the fact I've
supported Bernie Sanders my friends are
the die-hard Marxist don't think Sanders
his socialists enough I get a lot of
crap for a lot of decisions I've made in
matters of black police I support black
people policing I encourage more black
men to join the Atlanta police force
some of my friends come down on me on
that and on the second side I tell black
police we have to we have to be better
at at policing I tell my city they
should pay police more so I have taken a
lot of perspectives in and I just like
to say it matters in the NRA let's tell
the entire story I'm not here to defend
or fix an organization I just want to
say that at some point an organization
that used to be simply about gun rights
being the Second Amendment and teaching
people to properly use them got hijacked
got taken got turned in the same way
that the Republican Party was there a
party of Frederick Douglass but you'd
never know it today in nineteen fifty
something they granted a charter to
Robert F Williams to form a gun club to
protect black people from the Klan in
the Carolinas now that organization of
today is not that organization of them
but it's black people I always want us
to be informed on the total story
because as heinous as the moment mophir
dad was and once again using gun laws to
restrict black people's gun rights as
heinous as that was this was the same
organization that was used by black
marks his communists who later went on
to inspire the Black Panthers to arm
themselves
Robert ELF Williams I want people to
know that organizations don't rule us we
rule them so if we've cut the NRA off
good there's an organization called
nagger net nagger neck napkin American
gun Association I have a member of that
organization I encourage other people to
join that and there's also the socialist
rifle on socialist Rifle Association and
I think you should join that let's turn
your backs to the NRA get rid of them if
you want to but don't turn your backs on
lobbying for yourself and keeping black
gun off really quickly we are out of
time but I want to turn I'm sure that's
okay
I know you probably have seen where
everybody has seen this video of men
being two men being arrested two black
men being arrested before yes yes I mean
what my thinking on that is that if
either of those two men had been
concealed carry holders and any of those
police officers had seen a gun even
though they were being as peaceful as
they were there is a great probability
that they would be dead do you worry
that encouraging black people to carry
in dangerous black people's lives we
know that implicit bias is real yeah
Michael Brown was not armed
Michael Brown was not on but do you
think those two men would have been in
danger if they helped him I think black
men are in danger from law enforcement
because we need to teach better policing
I'm gonna tell you what struck me about
that video white people stood up and
immediately we're allies thank you guys
for that but the black men are to be
congratulated and saluted they showed
themselves dignified regaled in that
arrest they they they actually kept the
situation calm by not raising voice by
not hiding hands and I'd like to say in
matters of Fernando Castile I would
rather start to congratulate the man he
was he was a working man he was a legal
firearms owner he exercised that right
and that's what I think we should be
doing and I don't think those police
would have killed those young men
because those young men handled that
spectacularly all right well uh killer
Mike thank you very much for being here
it's a good opportunity to have a
dialogue thank you for joining in and
being a good sport about our little H&M
jokes in the beginning thank you joy
thank you and please
Michael I'm only killer Mike when I'm on
a stage alright Michael that sounds good
I won't be like your auntie okay Michael
thank you so much bye take care more I
enjoy coming up
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
