the purpose of our actions tonight is to
establish a strong deterrent against the
production spread and use of chemical
weapons establishing this deterrent is a
vital national security interest of the
United States we are prepared to sustain
this response until the Syrian regime
stops its use of prohibited chemical
agents on September 18 2001 Congress
authorized the President of the United
States to go to war the resolution in
its entirety reads as follows the
president is authorized to use all
necessary and appropriate force against
those nations organizations or person he
determines planned authorized committed
or aided the terrorist attacks that
occurred on September 11 2001 or
harbored such organizations or persons
in order to prevent any future acts of
international terrorism against the
United States by such nations
organizations or persons so how exactly
does that cover the bombs Donald Trump
dropped on Syria last night join me now
congressman congresswoman barbara Lee
who in 2001 was the only member of
Congress to vote against that
authorization and John salts chairman of
vote vex org congresswoman how does that
authorization that I just read the AUMF
of September of 2001 authorized Donald
Trump to drop bombs on Syria today that
authorization joy does not authorize
Donald Trump to use force in Syria or
anywhere else in the world and that's
why I joined we have got to come back to
Congress debate and vote on a new
authorization and believe you mean we're
building bipartisan support for that I
have over 100 members who signed a
letter to Speaker Ryan saying that look
if we're going to continue with our
involvement in Syria Congress has got to
stop being missing in action and we have
to do our constitutional job but this is
very dangerous Congress is not in the
mix where we're really missing in action
and we need to get back to the drawing
board repeal that resolution which we
tried to do last year at speaker Ryan
stop the democratic process where we had
bipartisan support to repeal the 2001
and come up with a new one and speaking
of your lame duck speaker have you heard
from him as he as he said had anything
to say at all about the military action
that was just taken without
authorization by Congress a couple of
days ago I believe I heard him make a
statement saying that he thought that
this administration had the legal basis
to use for us but minimally the speaker
should adhere to the will of the
American people and repealed the 2001
resolution and allow us the opportunity
to do our job and debate and come up
with a new one give enough votes to
refute a put up a repeal that a limb
after you do you think you guys have the
votes the Democrats have the votes well
I think we have the votes I think
Democrats and Republicans want to do
this and once again last year in the
Appropriations Committee I had
Democratic and Republican support to
repeal the 2001 authorization to give
this administration eight months to come
up with a new and while the existing one
is in place and then we could debate
specific authorizations for specific
areas where we send our brave men and
women into harm's way to decide the
costs and consequences and then vote up
or down on a new authorization yeah and
you know John soules I'm struck by the
people who have the most enthusiasm for
doing what we did in Syria which again
is not changing the regime there's no
pretense here that we have some great
love for you know and humanitarian
concern for the very same Syrian
refugees we refused to let into the
country but there was great enthusiasm
by John Bolton him with no military
experience having never served and of
course Donald Trump his five deferments
from Vietnam this enthusiasm for using
our military around the world without
going back to Congress for authorization
as the framers intended it as a veteran
yourself what do you make of that well I
think the John Bolton's of the world are
really hard for us when he's quoted
saying he didn't want to die in a rice
paddy in Vietnam and he's a huge war
hawk that is that's very difficult but
one of the conversations I got to have
with President Obama before he left
office was with a group of veterans and
he looked at us around a table
said you know there aren't that many
veterans left in Congress and yes
there's no draft so we don't make a
large percent of the population but he
goes I think your all's voice is really
important because if I fought everywhere
in the world the Republicans wanted me
to fight we'd be in wars in like eight
different countries and that's totally
true and I think that's one of the big
reasons of vote vets we try to get more
veterans elected like ted Lieu like
ruben gallego like some of our veteran
members in congress that really can hold
this president accountable because right
now Congress is completely AWOL in their
responsibilities to audit the president
and his ability to conduct war on US
forces have died in Yemen Niger Iraq
Somalia Syria Afghanistan just in Donald
Trump's first year so Congress is AWOL
and I think unfortunately our best bet
is to have a big midterm election so we
can get some control over neo-cons and
don't really understand anything about
war that are currently taking over this
administration yeah lots of millionaires
in Congress and a lot of veterans left
them you mentioned President Obama John
I want to play August 31st 2013 when
President Obama spoke out after Bashar
al Assad used chemical weapons for the
first time one of the earlier times that
we know of against his own people take a
listen to President Obama now after
careful deliberation I have decided that
the United States should take military
action against Syrian regime targets I'm
also mindful that I'm the president of
the world's oldest constitutional
democracy I've long believed that our
power is rooted not just in our military
might but in our example as a government
of the people by the people and for the
people and that's why I've made a second
decision I will seek authorization for
the use of force from the American
people's representatives in Congress and
I will note that one Donald J Trump was
one of those who opposed the use of
military strikes he wrote the president
must get congressional approval before
attacking Syria big mistake if he does
not Congress John did not grant that
approval to President Obama and thus he
didn't strike a now he gets a lot of
criticism for letting Syria cross the
red line but he was not authorized to do
so by Congress having gone to them what
do you make of the fact that
Trump now believes he needs no
authorization from Congress in order to
do whatever it is he wants to do in
Syria I don't think he knows what he
wants to do at all two weeks ago or last
week he said we were going to be
completely out of Syria which is why
some people think Bashar al-assad used
the weapons so he has no overarching
strategy or vision for where this nation
needs to go what our policy is
Syria is complicated because there's
other state actors that will fight us
for terrain and one of the reasons we
oppose President Obama striking in Syria
in 2013 was the sheer fact that we never
felt the Russians were gonna you know
allow for the toppling of Bashar al
Assad so I think the larger problem for
the president is he doesn't know what he
wants to do in Syria and now as we've
seen McMaster leave yeah outside of
general mattis I mean Jim mattis sort of
won his statement last night was very
different than the presidents and I
think that Madison wanted a very limited
action and the president doesn't have a
vision absolutely let me just hold you
well back there I didn't mean to
interrupt you but I want to go to nikki
Haley who is up speaking right now at
the United Nations about the attack in
Syria tickle is measurement not as a
symbolic show of force we acted to deter
the future use of chemical weapons by
holding the Syrian regime responsible
for its atrocities against humanity we
can all see that a Russian
disinformation campaign is in full force
this morning but Russia's desperate
attempts at deflect at deflection cannot
change the facts a large body of
information indicates that the Syrian
regime used chemical weapons in Duma on
April 7th there is clear information
demonstrating Assad's culpability the
pictures of dead children were not fake
news they were the result of the Syrian
regime's barbaric inhumanity and they
were the result of the regime and
Russia's failure to live up to their
international commitments to remove all
chemical weapons from Syria the United
States France and the United Kingdom
acted after careful evaluation of these
facts the targets we selected were at
the heart of the Syrian regime's illegal
chemical weapons program the strikes
were carefully planned to minimize
civilian casualties the responses were
justified
legitimate and proportionate the United
States and its allies did everything we
could to use the tools of diplomacy to
get rid of Assad's arsenal of chemical
weapons we did not give diplomacy just
one chance
we gave diplomacy chance after chance
six times
that's how many times Russia vetoed
Security Council resolutions to address
chemical weapons in Syria our efforts go
back even further in 2013 the Security
Council passed a resolution that
required the Assad regime to destroy its
stockpile of chemical weapons Syria
committed to abide by the Chemical
Weapons Convention meaning it could no
longer have chemical weapons on its soil
President Putin said Russia would
guarantee that Syria complied we hoped
that this diplomacy would succeed in
putting an end to the horror of chemical
attacks in Syria but as we see from the
past year that did not happen while
Russia was busy protecting the regime
Assad took notice the regime knew it
could act with impunity and it did in
November Russia used its veto to kill
the joint investigative mechanism the
main tool we had to figure out who used
chemical weapons in Syria just as Russia
was using its veto the Assad regime used
sarin leading to dozens of injuries and
deaths Russia's veto was the green light
for the Assad regime to use these most
barbaric weapons against the Syrian
people in complete violation of
international law the United States and
our allies were not going to let that
stand
chemical weapons are a threat to us all
they are a unique threat a type of
weapon so evil that the international
community agreed they must be banned we
cannot stand by and let Russia trash
every international norm that we stand
for and allow the use of chemical
weapons to go unanswered and just as
this year
regime's use of chemical weapons last
weekend was not an isolated incident
our response is part of a new course
chartered last year to deter future use
of chemical weapons our Syrian strategy
has not changed
however the Syrian regime has forced us
to take action based on their repeated
use of chemical weapons since the April
2017 chemical attack at Concha kun the
United States has imposed hundreds of
sanctions on individuals and entities
involved in chemical weapons use in
Syria and North Korea we have designated
entities in Asia the Middle East and
Africa that have facilitated chemical
weapons proliferation
we have revoked the visas of Russian
intelligence officers in response to the
chemical attack and Salisbury we will
continue to seek out and call out anyone
who uses and anyone who aids in the use
of chemical weapons with yesterday's
military action our message was crystal
clear the United States of America will
not allow the Assad regime to continue
to use chemical weapons
last night we obliterated the major
research facility that it used to
assemble weapons of mass murder I spoke
to the president this morning and he
said if the Syrian regime uses this
poisonous gas again
the United States is locked and loaded
when our president draws a redline
our president enforces the redline the
United States is deeply grateful to the
United Kingdom and France for its part
in the coalition to defend the
prohibition of chemical weapons we
worked in lockstep we were in complete
agreement last night our great friends
and indispensable allies shouldered a
burden that benefits all of us the
civilized world owes them that thanks in
the weeks and months to come the
Security Council should take time to
reflect on its role in defending the
international rule of law the Security
Council has failed in
duty to hold those who use chemical
weapons to account that failure is
largely due to Russian obstruction we
call on Russia to take a hard look at
the company it keeps and live up to its
responsibilities as a permanent member
of the Council and defend the actual
principles the United Nations was meant
to promote last night we successfully
hit the heart of Syria's chemical
weapons enterprise and because of these
actions we are confident we have
crippled Syria's chemical weapons
program we are prepared we are prepared
to sustain this pressure if the Syrian
regime is foolish enough to test our
will thank you that was UN ambassador
nikki Haley infront of the United
Nations rebuking Syria for its use of
chemical weapons against its own people
and I want to go back to congresswoman
barbara Lee I counted five separate
instances of nikki Haley making a pretty
tough statements about Russia somebody
that Donald Trump has up and to this
point been very loath to say a cross
word about that she started out early in
her statement by saying we can all see
that a Russian disinformation campaign
is in full force this morning but
Russia's desperate attempt at deflection
cannot change the facts number two she
claims we did not just give diplomacy
just one chance we gave it six chances
that's how many times Russia vetoed
Security Council resolutions to address
chemical weapons that's number two
third time President Putin said Russia
would guarantee that Syria complied with
not using chemical weapons we hope this
diplomacy would succeed in putting an
end to the horror of chemical attacks in
Syria we see from this past that did not
happen this past year did not happen
while Russia was busy protecting the
regime Assad took notice it knew it
could act with impunity
now she then later on says we cannot
stand by and let Russia trash every
international norm that we stand for and
allowed the use of chemical weapons to
go unanswered two more if she then adds
the Security Council state she attacks
the Security Council as well and says
Security Council failed in its duty to
hold those who use chemical weapons to
account and follows that by saying that
failure is largely due to Russian
obstruction and lastly we call on Russia
to take a hard look at the
company it keeps and live up to its
responsibilities as a permanent member
of the Security Council and defend the
actual principles the United Nations
emits meant to promote that's a lot of
Russia bashing congresswoman from a
woman who is a part of an administration
that has been nothing if not solicitous
some might say obsequious towards
Lattimer Putin's Russia what do you make
of that well first I would hope that the
president pushes back on Russia as it
relates to interference in our domestic
affairs especially with our elections
secondly I want to remind everyone that
last year the United States conducted
what we call precision and surgical
strikes because of the issue around
Assad using chemical weapons against his
own people here we are a year later we
need an international strategy we need a
plan we need a diplomatic initiative we
need to hold Assad accountable he's a
war criminal and bring him before the
International Court until we do that
we'll be back again next year with these
same talking points with the same
reaction because I want to remind you
again every action will trigger a
reaction and so this is very dangerous
we need to come up with a plan and a
strategy and we need to make this
administration come to Congress to
debate the cost and consequences of
their military actions not only in Syria
but throughout the world
you know John I'm old enough to remember
when people on the right and on the Left
said that Donald Trump would be less
dangerous to the world than Hillary
Clinton because she might start World
War 3 and that she might want to start a
war with with Russia including that you
now have any escalation against Syria
risks hitting Russian fighters who are
on the ground in Syria supporting the
regime or Iranian fighters who are also
you know Ron is also the other big
backer of the Syrian regime this is
pretty escalatory rhetoric by nikki
Haley it's never clear if she is
speaking directly for Donald Trump
because that's just never clear for
anyone in the administration but what do
you make of these five at least pointed
references to the Putin regime by
ambassador Haley I don't have a problem
with her addressing the Russia issue I
think it's about time that this
administration stood up to Russia so I
don't have an issue with that but as a
as a US taxpayer I was I was pretty
embarrassed by that speech and I was
embarrassed for Nikki hailey
since when does the United States of
America decide that we we can legislate
the tactics people used to kill people
it misses the entire point the entire
point isn't just that chemical weapons
were used in Syria the entire point is
since we invaded Iraq in 2003 it
Unleashed warfare across the region
where millions of Syrian civilians have
died and civilian and fighters so the
larger question for the United States
going forward is how do we prevent
killing in Syria not just oh you can't
gas people how do we prevent the war at
what time do we sit down and say let's
bring the leaders of these countries
together and let's have a conference
about the future of Syria and not how
you're gonna kill people yeah you know I
cannot escape the irony congresswoman
Lee that the sort of original the the
sort of origin of much of this unrest
the al-qaeda in Iraq that didn't exist
before this insurgency the Sunni
insurgency that happened because we
invaded Iraq that's now embedded Isis is
you know these looks the calls
themselves the Islamic state in Iraq and
Syria in Iraq and Syria that's the other
eye in Isis and that we haven't
addressed that we haven't corrected that
that we seem to be doubling down and
Donald Trump of all people is the newest
neocon on the block well I mean are you
as sort of discombobulated by that
reality as I am Jar there's no military
solutions to the world's problems when
you look at the fact that we've been in
Afghanistan now 17 years we're still in
Iraq now we're in Yemen we've conducted
strikes in Somalia we've conducted
strikes in Libya the Congressional
Research Service had has provided me a
Declassified report report showing that
we've used the 911 2001 authorization to
use force 41 times mind you throughout
the world and that's why the country
needs to demand that Congress do its job
and debate the costs and consequences of
these wars because this is a state of
perpetual war
and I know that this administration and
it's with John Bolton there now there
military-first tendencies and policies
could lead into more danger into more
violence into more Wars we need a
diplomatic solution to all of the
world's problems we need political
settlements and we always have the
military option on the table but world
without war is what we need to try to
achieve but and we're going in the
opposite direction and it's very
dangerous and it's very tragic
yeah and John as a representative of
those largely I have to put their bodies
on the line to do the fighting does it
worry you that there are now people
particularly principally running the
National Security Council who do believe
that there is a military solution to the
mess in Syria yeah I think Bolton's our
concern not just from what he said about
Syria but what he's you know wrote in
The Wall Street Journal about
interventioning against North Korea so I
think that is a concern that more
neo-cons have come in and that trumps
gone full neocon in the past couple
weeks even yesterday pardoning a neocon
but secretary mattis has a tremendous
amount of respect inside the military he
is beloved and his judgment is trusted
and I think for everyone out there
watching who cares about America over
any political party rest assured that
secretary matters as long as he's there
at some level one an internal battle and
regards the Syrian intervention this
week but John you know there's also this
narrative at least if you believe the
polling that Donald Trump enjoys quite
robust support among military families
do use do you do you sense that there is
within the community of veterans
particularly those who had to deal with
Iraq fighting in Iraq a sense of
disappointment a sense of alarm that
Donald Trump does seem to be adopting
the dick cheney foreign policy that's
very concerning for me it's very
concerning as someone who served
I think it's concerning for our country
but I think overall the military has
people that are diverse opinions people
sign up from all 50 states they sign
them from all religions and all ethnic
groups so our military is diverse and
people have a very different set of
opinions regarding the president but it
is concerning to see him bring these
neo-cons in teams running for senior
military leaders
I'm sure yeah I'm sure Thank You
congresswoman barbara Lee thank you
so much job Saltz thank you both for
being here today Mori enjoy coming up
we'll be right back hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
