the president speaking live from the
White House announcing new military
strikes on Syria point of personal
privilege here just for a second you
know it is this is not personal it's not
just spectacle it is not just political
as we follow the news and these
incredible days that we have been having
recently in our country it is worth
considering on a night like tonight that
there are there are national security
consequences to having a presidency that
is as chaotic as mr. Trump's presidency
a presidency that is as consumed by
scandal and criminal intrigue as his
presidency is it has national security
consequences when the president orders
missile strikes on Syria on a night like
tonight the strategic effect of that
strike will be assessed by both our
allies and our enemies other countries
and entities involved in the fight in
Syria are considering their role in
Syria are going to try to figure out how
they're going to react to this US strike
it will affect those other countries
view of this strike it will affect their
reaction to it it will therefore affect
the utility of this military strike if
the President of the United States is
believed to have issued the order to
launch this strike tonight even in part
because people think he wanted to
distract from a catastrophic domestic
scandal that is blowing up at home at
the same time the perception that the
president may have ordered these strikes
in part because of scandal will affect
the impact and the effectiveness of
these military strikes unavoidably even
if the tail is not wagging the dog even
if you give the president every benefit
of the doubt
even if his calculations about whether
to launch this action against Syria
tonight was taken with absolutely no
regard for for what else is going on in
the president's life right now what else
is going on in the president's life
right now on the
creates a real perception around the
globe that that may have been part of
the motivation both for what he did for
and particularly for when he did it and
it's it is it is a sad thing and it is
an upsetting thing in terms of American
influence in the world and the risks
that we take when we use American
military power anywhere but that
perception that this president under
this much siege may have made this
decision in that was in any way
inflected by the scandals surrounding
him that by necessity has shaped
America's national security options for
who we are in the world tonight and it
will unavoidably shape the impact of
this military action hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
