Kowski is a very very good friend of
very different mine and I she did
everything and crossed every T dotted
every die
she went through the same process we all
did she come to different conclusion I
came to my conclusion Willy this morning
when I went through another hour and a
half do you believe dr. Ford I believe
dr. Ford something happened to dr.
Forrest I don't believe
the facts showed that it was Brett
Kavanaugh but I believe something
happened I think something happened to
her I just
there was no way no way all that we
could see senator what do you say to
women who watch this process unfold her
dr. Ford story and anyway even though
they've concerned about how they said
what they said they did it senator do
you think that there's still a place in
the Democratic Party for you after this
I'm just a West Virginia I'm just a good
for relaxing difficult race
four o'clock in New York you were
watching Democratic Senator Joe Manchin
have just described himself as a good
old West Virginia boy he's a good ol
West Virginia boy who is a yes vote on
judge Brett Cavanaugh hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
