feds confirming Donald Trump's lawyer
Michael Cohen is under criminal
investigation Trump personally called
him today against standard legal advice
and right now we're gonna hear from a
man who was inside the courtroom today
Cohen's adversary in the stormy Daniels
case attorney Michael avenatti I'm gonna
ask him what went down what he saw and
why he says he now has a clue about when
Michael Cohen could plead the fifth
amendment in this case that big
interview is the lead block of our show
I'm gonna turn to it momentarily but it
comes amidst this rising heat on Trump
James Comey taking on the president and
going there I honestly never thought
these words would come out of my mouth
but I don't know whether the current
president nighted States with
prostitutes peeing on each other in
Moscow in 2013 it's possible but I don't
know the former head of the FBI a
Republican talking about his new book
that everyone wants their hands on and
making a stunning assertion about an
issue that's at the heart of this
criminal probe into trump's link to
putin if there's any doubt as to what
you just heard your former FBI director
say i'm just gonna play it for you again
honestly I never thought these words
would come out of my mouth but I don't
know whether the current President
United States with prostitutes peeing on
each other in Moscow in 2013 it's
possible but I don't know it's possible
those truly unusual comments come from
James Comey as Trump's lawyer faces what
could be an existential threat to his
career and his freedom with new details
coming in as I mentioned this New York
courtroom today a legal fight that could
go all the way to the Supreme Court
what's at stake may include secret tapes
of donald trump or his associates the
feds now saying cohen has formally quote
under criminal investigation they're
also telling the court they have
evidence supporting this emergency raid
on cohen but some of the hottest details
are redacted the feds say they've spent
months probing Cohen's personal business
dealings and that's not all because
Cohen and Trump are challenging this
seizure of the evidence the feds came
back
blasting today at Cohen they say they
seize this evidence because of his
misconduct and they go further saying
and this is important they say
today that Michael Cohen doesn't really
practice law and he basically only works
for one person anyway that sounds
familiar it is a concept from the
Godfather that a former US senator
raised right here on the beat this week
let me explain the Trump Organization
there's a wonderful scene in the Mario
Puzo's The Godfather where Tom Hagen is
asked about his representation of
Michael Corleone and he says I have a
very unusual law practice I have a
single client who insists on hearing bad
news immediately I have a single client
who insists on hearing bad news
immediately think about that and this
incredible report breaking tonight that
Donald Trump was calling Michael Cohen
today this is all about whether Cohen
equals Trump now that was one experts
view tonight I can tell you the feds
agree they say in these filings under
oath here
he has exceedingly few clients beyond
Trump and that he does basically quote
no legal work he sent zero emails to
Trump this looks bad for Cohen it looks
like the effort by Michael Cohen and
Trump to protect this evidence that the
feds already have is backfiring you know
it's never a good sign when your
bodyguard needs a bodyguard or when your
lawyer needs a lawyer
now Donald Trump's lawyer needed a
lawyer really badly today and now the
feds say Donald Trump's lawyer doesn't
really practice law which raises a
question that is hanging over all of us
and that we can report tonight terrifies
Trump if Michael Cohen is in Donald
Trump's lawyer
what is he well in the last five minutes
the New York Times has a new report that
begins Trump's advisors have concluded a
wide-ranging corruption investigation in
New York and the Michael Cohen poses a
greater and more imminent threat to the
president than even the special counsels
investigation one man who was in the
courtroom today and has this vested
interest in the case is my guest the
lawyer for stormy Daniels Michael
avenatti
thank you for being here thanks Ari good
a view when you look at Michael Cohen
under this type of strain and what the
feds said today that he's not really a
lawyer does that ring true to you
haven't you guys been litigating against
each other well absolutely I mean Ari
this is
thing that we've been saying for weeks
now I've been stating that that our case
and that the likely fallout from it was
going to be substantial and was going to
be more of a threat ultimately to
Michael Cohen and the president than the
molar investigation I've been saying
this for weeks a lot of people doubted
us at first I don't think there's a lot
of people doubting us at this point is
that because of your client stormy
Daniels or is it because of things you
learned about Michael Cohen and what he
does for Trump well I think it's both I
think we've brought a lot of attention
to bear on a number of these issues I
think the raids that occurred on Monday
the timing of those the scope of them
etc is a direct result I know it's a
direct result of a lot of the work that
we've done over the last five weeks but
with each passing 24 hours already this
matter becomes more and more serious for
Michael Cohen and the president this is
not some small investigation that was
thrown together I mean this has the
attention of some very very qualified
lawyers in the Southern District of New
York you're talking about the federal
prosecutors that are bearing down on
Michael Cohen today you're talking about
reading these case files today this
really seemed to backfire I mean they
they took a 2x4 to Michael Cohen's head
and they said not only are you not a
good lawyer you're not really someone
who practices law and you do a bunch of
other shady things hiding behind your JD
have you seen a prosecutorial filing
like this not a lot you know maybe on
one other occasion in 18 years but let
me tell you why that is so critically
important in this context if they find
that the communications between Michael
Cohen and the president were not in
furtherance of Michael Cohen Cohen
practicing law then there is a high
likelihood then that those are not
attorney-client privileged
communications you just said something
that terrifies the White House that
Donald Trump knows I want to put up on
the screen this Washington Post headline
Trump's allies worry federal
investigators may have already seized
these recordings made by Cohen quote it
was his standard practice to do it he
recorded business and political
conversations that could be third party
verification of things he discussed with
people around Trump it could include
Donald Trump you
we're saying that part of the reason why
the feds went in today and you were in
that courtroom and said Michael Cohen's
not really a lawyer is because they want
to say those aren't really privileged
lawyer tapes well if there are tapes or
whatever the communications are but our
a I want to set the stage for a moment
for your viewers because this is
important imagine you are communicating
with an individual that you believe is
your lawyer and that you have privilege
with so you're freewheeling in your
communications with him because you
think they're protected under the
attorney-client privilege and you do
this for a number of years as it relates
to a number of let's just described them
as hairy issues one day the FBI kicks in
the door actually doesn't kick in the
door they knock they're courteous they
raid his office in his home they obtain
these communications right and you find
out heads and that's what terrifies him
I want you to stay with me Matt Apuzzo
who broke the story that I mentioned it
broke within the last 10 minutes his
join me by phone Michael's gonna stay
and that opposed from the New York Times
Michael was just walking through why
Donald Trump's most candid conversations
ever might not actually be privileged as
he long thought they were is that part
of what you found in your reporting of
why this is scaring them tonight yeah
and and but the bigger problem was the
reason that this is so so scary for
people around the president for the
President himself is they don't know
what's been taken right so the FBI came
in and they took all of these records
and they don't know what the FBI has
because the search warrants were super
broad they took stuff from a safety
deposit box they took stuff from his
cellphones they took information from
his computers and and we don't know
what's on it and and I don't just mean
we the reporters don't know even the
lawyers for for Michael Cohen you're
sort of putting it you're sort of
putting it a little reverse Donald Trump
does know the worst things that he's
talked to Michael Cohen about since he
joined the Trump Organization in 2002
what evidence yeah of course but the
flip is I want to ask you about this
when you write
that they now around Trump see this as a
greater and more imminent threat to the
president and the Special Counsel
investigation is that based on a view or
fear that there are things in the past
that Michael Cohen was in on that could
be more damaging than the Muller probe I
think the view is from both the
uncertainty and also from the fact that
this puts Michael Cohen in extreme legal
jeopardy and the concern of course is
well they felt they had a real
understanding of the of the Muller
investigation they kind of knew where
their vulnerabilities were they knew
what where else was generally headed
they don't know this is a this is a big
unknown for them Michael back into this
because Matt is is describing the
uncertainty in my experience with
clients
although uncertainty is something we all
deal with in life the clients we get the
most nervous are the ones who think they
did something that they're worried about
people finding out about I I put that
frame to you for your remarks and I want
to ask you as well you said there may be
a clue to when Michael Cohen next has a
heat on him and might have to plead the
fifth
tell us about that as well well let me
tell you a statement that was made in
court today by Michael Cohen's counsel
and in fact this was in a declaration
that he had filed before I believe he
found that yesterday before today's
hearing he attested to the following
already he said that the number of
documents that were seized that may
involve the attorney-client privilege is
in the thousands if not millions those
are not my words those are his words now
that's a lot of attorney-client
privileged communications and as you
stated at the outset we know that those
communications if they if they are
privileged or if or if they believe they
were privileged he only had one client
so it's not as if these these thousands
if not millions quote these are quotes
those communications would all pertain
to his work on behalf of the president
right which goes back to even if Donald
Trump doesn't do email you're saying
that he by invoking attorney-client
privilege for that much material is
effectively an
omitting that is ver Donald Trump when
would he in your view potentially have
to plead the fifth he has been ordered
to appear at two o'clock on Monday by
the Honorable Judge wood because she
posed a number of questions to his
lawyers in court today about Michael
Cohen's law practice they couldn't
provide answers to some of the most
basic questions she became very
frustrated and she basically ordered
them to bring their client Michael Cohen
to court two p.m. this Monday so that he
could be available to potentially answer
her questions from the bench which could
not be a good sign for Michael Cohen and
it may force him into a position re
where he may have to plead the fifth in
open court on Monday it's extraordinary
Michael you're not a court reporter
you're an attorney you have a side in
this case which we're always clear to
our viewers about but you sound like a
busy court reporter who gleaned a lot of
good Intel at this hearing today because
what you're saying to be very clear with
everyone is that as soon as Monday there
might be a put up or shut up for Michael
Cohen to say that on the grounds that he
could incriminate himself he will not
speak in open court which has major
ramifications for him for Donald Trump
for anything he did that touches the
molar probe this all started with
evidence gathered there and obviously
for the stormy Daniels case I want to
turn to something else I want to put on
the screen for folks to understand this
is all these are new Doc's this is right
here some of the key material that the
judge knows that we don't yet in court
when there's certain things to support
something they can be publicly redacted
so only the judge has it as you know
when we look here and you see some of
these word actions to me they sounded
like places where the feds were saying
we have reason to believe there was
ongoing misconduct or concealment that
made the raid urgent what was your
interpretation and what was the
significance of this in your view as a
lawyer well I had the same
interpretation that you did all right
when when I saw these documents I think
that one of the reasons why they
executed the warrant so quickly or when
they did on Monday is they were
concerned that documents were going to
be destroyed or foliated as they say
legally and that's one of the reasons
why they did that but they mentioned in
court today
that they believe that some of the
documents that may have been seized
could go back as far as through
years so look this a lot of documents
and there's probably a lot of potential
misconduct in these documents if what
we've heard in the past relating to
Michael Cohen's conduct and his tactics
is to be is to be believed on behalf of
stormy Daniels who has pushed a lot of
this out what do you say on her behalf
today how to she view all this well with
each passing day she becomes more
vindicated relating to the fight that
she's conducted you know she's
sacrificed a lot already over the course
of this process and a lot of people have
reported on that but she's put herself
and and honor a lot put herself on the
line and her family's gone through and a
tremendous amount and someday that's
gonna be reported the nature of the
criticism of the process from your side
on behalf of your client was effectively
that it was unfair throughout that mr.
Cohen was not acting in good faith as
the lawyers would say or worse was
acting improperly or potentially
feloniously does the pattern that the
feds are starting to draw in court today
support and match that in your view it's
a hundred percent consistent it's
exactly what we've been saying and I
think ultimately it's going to be proven
by way of these thousands if not
millions of documents and let me say
this you showed the the video of Michael
Cohen sitting on the bench with some
friends of his you know on a beautiful
day here in New York it really ironic
because while he was doing that I was in
court and I was listening to judge would
criticize his attorneys for their
inability to get simple answers to the
most basic questions and I think on at
least two occasions she asked them if
they had access to their client client
list that's it well no to their client
to Michael yes Michael to answer
questions so if this guy had time to sit
on a bench and take in the sunshine
while his attorneys were in federal
court perhaps he should have been in
federal court assisting the judge and
getting answers to the questions she
posed it's it's extraordinary series of
developments that you've been in the
middle of and I know you were in court
today and busy so I appreciate you
coming on the beat tonight to share your
first reaction Michael avenatti is
always good to talk with you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
