ABC News has broken a story tonight that
I want to tell you we have not confirmed
NBC News has not confirmed this I'm
bringing to you tonight even though we
have not confirmed it because it is a
source of significant discussion and if
it comes to pass this will be a big deal
according to Jonathan call Karl
Katherine folders and John Santucci at
ABC News quote President Donald Trump is
poised to pardon scooter libby scooter
libby the former chief of staff to Vice
President Dick Cheney Libby was
convicted in 2007 of lying to the FBI
and obstruction of justice and the
investigation into the leak of the
identity of Valerie Plame former covert
CIA operative then President George W
Bush commuted Libby's 30-month sentence
which spared in prison time but he
didn't pardoned him since the conviction
Libya's since had his law license
restored and former Virginia Governor
Bob McDonnell restored his voting rights
in 2013 the president has already signed
off on the pardon attorneys Joe digenova
and his wife Victoria tensing are among
the conservatives who have been urging a
pardon for Libby joining us once again
is my friend Nicole Wallace the host of
deadline White House weekdays at 4:00
p.m. Eastern here on MSNBC and former
communications director for George W
Bush which means you know well you know
at least the people involved
I know scoot a new scooter I know
scooter well I had lunch with him the
day before he was charged I was involved
in crafting the response from the
president and from the vice president on
the day that he was charged with perjury
and obstruction of justice and I have to
say that in that moment it was probably
clear how it was going to go down the
president had a very brief and simple
statement the vice president a very
impassioned an angry statement the vice
president I think it didn't hold as a
secret for long the Vice President
Cheney thought that not pardoning
Scooter Libby was a mistake wanted that
pardon for his longtime aide George W
Bush I have never heard express any
regret about not pardoning Scooter Libby
george w bush thought that the crimes of
obstruction of justice and lying to the
FBI were serious enough that he wasn't
going to pardon him i think that they
are these same crimes that people like
Mike Flynn and Paul Manafort held Mia
for has been charged with a lot of
things but
they're the kinds of crimes that Rick
rate and gates in the people around
Donald Trump have either been charged
with pleaded guilty to or look like they
are vulnerable of being charged with so
to create a narrative the likes of which
they've created on Fox News which you
just showed which was sort of shocking
I've done that to the before because I
think when people ask what happens next
and and I think that question about
eating your Wheaties and fortifying
yourself is a good one because what
happens next could be nothing because I
think that that Fox News is conditioning
the country to accept a pardon for
someone like Scooter Libby to prepare
them for the pardoning of everybody in
Donald Trump's seemingly corrupt
criminal enterprise the crimes again for
which Libby was convicted were lying to
the FBI and obstruction of justice if
this is part of a larger effort by the
White House the President himself the
Republican Party and their supporters
and conservative media to define the FBI
as bad criminal by bias something that
needs to be opposed and denounced then
lying to a bad organization like that
shouldn't be seen as a bad thing and we
shouldn't we shouldn't soft-pedal what
they're saying about the f but they're
saying worse things than that about the
FBI I mean they are they have described
Bob Muller a who earned combat
decoration decorations for tourism in
Vietnam Vietnam they have tied him in a
graphic as the head of a mob family
there's been a pathetic Oppo research
dumped on him for things tied to some of
the cases he prosecuted I mean they are
going after someone who is as much an
architect of the policies that kept us
safe after 9/11 on the law enforcement
side as anyone so to see Fox News and
the Republicans sort of follow them over
the cliff in trying to assassinate the
character of not just the FBI as an
institution which they are clearly
trying to do in advance of this book and
and in an ongoing manner with Donald
Trump as president but but to see them
pull Moeller into that is staggering
it's stunning and I think the pardon is
part of that strategy Nicole Wallace
thank you my friend I appreciate having
you here thanks for coming back in after
you worked a full day already I will
just reiterate the breaking news that
from well a few different
breaking news tonight number one James
commis book has unexpectedly leaked in
advance of its publication date the
White House and the RNC appear to be in
full freakout mode over commis book NBC
News has reported tonight that Muller
has arrived at four findings involving
the president and obstruction of justice
including dangling pardons for people
who are about to speak to the grand jury
about to testify before the grand jury
and ABC News is now reporting although
NBC is not confirming it that the
president is poised to pardon
former Dick Cheney chief of staff
Scooter Libby who was convicted more
than a decade ago of lying to the FBI
and obstruction of justice anything else
we'll be right back hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
