we have breaking news in a moment I'll
talk to a reporter who is read James
commis entire tell-all book not due to
be published until Tuesday the details
are skating and they are sure to anger
Donald Trump according to the Associated
Press the former FBI director says Trump
was unethical and untethered to the
truth it also appears the Trump's effort
to secure commis loyalty began before
the inauguration when he and other top
intelligence officials visited Trump
Tower Comey reportedly writes that to
him the demand was like Sammy the Bulls
cosa nostra induction ceremony and
refers to the forest fire that is the
Trump presidency I'm joined now by Phil
Rucker from the Washington Post who has
read the book as well as former
Watergate prosecutor Nick Ackerman and
Natasha Bertrand the staff writer for
The Atlantic Phil let's start with you
you've been burning the midnight oil
reading this book what stood out to you
well it's a really stunning tell-all
more than 300 pages and in it James
Comey the the fired FBI director details
in really vivid scenes all of his
conversations with President Trump
beginning during the transition phase
before he became president it was Comey
who traveled to Trump Tower in New York
and briefed the president-elect one on
one about the the most lewd allegations
in that dossier the infamous
intelligence dossier by mr. Steele that
we've been talking so much about and
Trump took it very in a very difficult
way he became fixated on this subject
and would repeatedly try to prove to
Comey that these allegations were not
true he did so in that Trump Tower
briefing he did so again in a phone call
a week or so later and again and again
and Comey details all of it in his book
this is according to his account and the
big picture alley about the portrait
that Comey paints of the president is
about as scathing as it gets he
describes the president as a congenital
liar as somebody who is just simply
unethical and unfit for this office and
someone who was really blurring what
should be traditional boundaries between
the White House the politics in the
White House and the more independent FBI
and Department of Justice Comey was very
alarmed and disc
as a forest fire of her presidency Phil
let's talk about these lewd allegations
that the president seemed to be obsessed
with did he ask Jim Comey to do anything
about it does Comey write about whether
he believes those allegations to be true
or what he was asked about them he did
so Comey the allegation is that during a
trip to Moscow in 2013 then private
citizen donald trump was in a hotel room
in the ritz-carlton and was taped by the
russians interacting with prostitutes in
that hotel room these are not confirmed
allegations Comey made that clear in his
conversations to trump that this was
part of the intelligence dossier but
there was no independent confirmation of
them but Trump told Comey they were not
true and he then told Comey he wanted
the FBI to fully investigate the
allegation because it had been so
painful for the first lady for Melania
Trump Comey said that the FBI would
investigate that and did but the
president was really fixated on it and
came back to it again and again and
again including at that loyalty dinner
the one-on-one dinner that Comey and
Trump had at the White House in the
Green Room of the White House where the
president asked the FBI director for his
personal loyalty one of the subjects
they talked about was the incident with
the prostitutes the alleged incident
with the prostitutes in Moscow so James
Comey did not put forward anything in
his book about the veracity of that
allegation that's right that's right
although he does have a section in the
book where he describes some of the the
reasons that President Trump gave to him
for why these allegations could not be
true and Comey sort of narrates in his
own voice that he was thinking of all
the reasons why they in fact could be
true despite what the president was
saying but Comey does not render any
judgment about the allegations and again
just so all the viewers understand these
are unconfirmed allegations that were
part of that dossier by the former
British intelligence officer Christopher
Steele Phil let's talk a little bit
about John Kelly who apparently spoke to
Jim Comey right after he was fired as
soon after he was fired that's right so
this is on May 9th 2017 that day Comey
was was fired and John Kelly at the time
was the Homeland Security Secretary he
had developed a relationship with Comey
he
called Co me on the phone Comey was out
in Los Angeles that day you'll recall
and and Kelly told Comey that he was
really taken aback by the firing by the
ouster he thought it was sad he was sick
about it that's the word that Comey used
to describe how Kelly was and Kelly said
he thought about quitting he threatened
to resign
because he didn't want to work for
dishonest people which is assumed to be
a reference to the president of course
Kelly did not resign Comey writes in his
book that he convinced Kelly to stay in
the job because this president
especially needs to have principled
people with integrity around him I want
to talk about John Kelly for a moment
because obviously John Kelly will be
asked about this or Sarah Huckabee
Sanders will be asked about this John
Kelly is on the record now the nation
knows he's a liar about certain things
he lied about congresswoman Frederica
Wilson John Kelly apparently told Comey
according to commis recollection that he
would resign over this that's right he
told he told Comey according to commis
account that he wanted to quit his job
as the Homeland Security Secretary
because he couldn't handle working
anymore for for people that Comey said
were that the Comey described Kelly as
describing them as being dishonest
people and and Kelly told Comey he
wanted to resign over that Comey
convinced Kelly to stay in the job this
is all according to commis account and
of course kelly did say in the job and
two months later he was appointed the
White House chief of staff all right I
just important to know that because
tomorrow of course these questions will
be asked I expect John Kelly will deny
it I just think it's important to remind
the nation that John Kelly has lied on
the record and Ally one other thing
that's important to point out so viewers
understand this whole memoir the
accounts of his interactions with Trump
the conversation with Kelly it's all
based on contemporaneous notes that Jim
Comey took as the FBI director after
every call with Trump after every
meeting with Trump he would go basically
write a diary entry
detailing all of what happened the
dialogue the the body language what he
saw in the room at the time how he felt
at the time so this is not a memoir he's
writing a year after the fact it's based
on his notes and why did he do why does
he say that he did that did he do that
in every meeting he ever had as FBI
director or was this a prompt specific
thing well he
a lot of meetings and as an FBI director
and as a prosecutor and in his line of
work he was trained to take detailed
notes to rely on those notes to observe
things and remember things but he felt
as he began to interact with Trump their
first meeting was in that transition
period that briefing at Trump Tower
he felt that these were such odd
interactions that he wanted to have a
record of it so he would take those dot
he would take those notes write those
memos diary entries and then he actually
shared them with some of the other
senior officials at the Department of
Justice or rather at the FBI so that
there would be witnesses if it were to
what happened let me bring in Natasha
and Nick Natasha I want to ask you about
this because Comey in the book according
to Phil writes about Jeff sessions that
he's overwhelmed and overmatched by the
job but what's important here is that
Comey said two sessions after Trump had
asked him to leave the room
he said Comey says two sessions you have
to be between me and the president
obviously that didn't happen in the end
is that material is that relevant it is
because as we've seen the president was
absolutely furious with Jeff Sessions
for ultimately recusing himself from the
Russia investigation so the fact that
sessions did not kind of heed that call
to place himself between the president
and and James Comey kind of adds to this
idea that perhaps he helped the
president obstruct justice because of
course he did write that letter that
supported the president's decision to
fire James Comey in May and when he did
decide to recuse himself from from the
investigation earlier on he really drew
the ire of the president and the
president obviously then moved to fire
him or wanted to fire him asked him for
his resignation in in over the summer of
that year so this is definitely
something that can be looked at as well
why did sessions not go along with us
Nick Ackerman the the interesting and
the the most interesting thing about
Donald Trump is that I don't think he's
gonna wait till Sunday now or Monday or
Tuesday to start tweeting about this
book he'll react to Phil Rucker's
comments and other comments from people
who have read the book and that could
imperil him with respect to this
investigation because the president
now try to diminish Jim Comey standing
in the public and I think he'll give
more publicity to the book he'll wind up
selling more copies of the book for Jim
call me than any PR person could do so
it's just going to take more interest in
the book it's gonna put a bigger
spotlight on call me his side of the
story all of which we heard has all been
documented with notes and
contemporaneous memos I mean the things
that he's saying aren't extraordinary up
to this point I mean we all know that
Donald Trump is unethical we know he
can't be trusted
he's probably lied more than any
president that we have ever had what I
did find interesting though was about
this incident in 2013 in Moscow at the
time of the Miss Universe pageant since
I mean to really dig into that I mean
why he would be so focused on that and
keep asking about it I find actually
sort of interesting almost like if it
really was nothing that you why we do it
and we know that that Christopher Steele
had seven independent sources basically
saying the same thing I mean based on
that information if he were not
President of the United States
he wouldn't qualify for a national
security pass I mean he wouldn't be able
to get a clearance and certainly from
the standpoint of probable cause just
based on those seven people you have
enough for a search warrant enough for a
wiretap and he also had to know as
president asking call me to investigate
that there's no way the FBI can go to
Moscow and start talking to the same
sources that Christopher Steele did
that's impossible
it's almost like he's asking for
something that could not possibly be
done we're never gonna really know the
truth on this matter until there's a
regime change in Moscow just like there
was you know a number of years ago and
we learned a lot of the things that were
in the KBG files this is the kind of
thing we're only going to get to the
truth on about 30 or 40 years about when
there's a complete change in so so what
was the implication Phil Rucker that
that Donald Trump wanted James Comey to
investigate the lewd allegations there
or he wanted James Comey to come out and
say that they're untrue from your
reading of the book it's actually both
alley it said Donald Trump wanted James
Comey as the FBI director to conduct an
investigation into these allegations in
order to prove that they were not true
so he wanted the FBI to look into it and
then he wanted the FBI to be able to
report based on an investigation that
the allegations were not true it was
very important to him that the FBI look
into it and that the FBI come publicly
and make it clear that they're not true
Natacha Bertram does this do anything at
all to where we are right now in the
Russia investigation with the president
standing with the fact that there's been
endless reporting including from Phil's
colleagues that the president is livid
he is he is off balance this week
because of the rating of his lawyers
Michael Cohen's office at this point the
president who was probably going to be
this angry on Monday night or Tuesday
we're getting it we're gonna get an
advanced taste of it yeah I think that
more than anything what struck me about
Phil's reporting about this book is the
fact that after Trump received this
intelligence briefing from his from the
FBI director from top national security
officials the thing that he fixated on
the most was this dossier the things the
thing after after receiving all this
information about how Russia interfered
in our election about how they had
essentially compromised our entire
democratic process how they had attacked
the country basically what he fixated on
was allegations that he had prostitutes
pee on a bed in Moscow in order to soil
President Obama's bed so that that
speaks to a broader point that Jim Comey
made later on when he testified before
the Senate Intelligence Committee about
his firing which is that the president
never seemed interested in the substance
and the meet of Russia's election
interference he never seemed interested
in okay well how can we counter this how
can we how can we punish Russia for this
how can we prevent it from ever
happening again instead and what this
book really shows is that he from the
very beginning has been fixated on how
this affects him
how it reflects on him rather than how
it affected the country and Phil to that
point the president Jim Kelly talks a
lot about loyalty oaths he's sort of
according your reporting relies a lot on
the on this discussion that that Donald
Trump wanted loyalty he wanted oil tea
oats
that's exactly right he wanted loyalty
from Comey from his FBI director and
Comey was not prepared to give it he
said he would be loyal to the truth he
would not be loyal personally to
President Trump and it wasn't just Trump
who was fixated on on sort of blurring
these lines between the FBI in the White
House the whole administration or the
whole White House rather seemed to not
really understand the difference between
what the FBI does and what the White
House does and Comey describes the scene
where he went over to the West Wing to
have a meeting with Reince Priebus then
the chief of staff of the White House
and spent 20 minutes explaining to
Priebus how the White House should
operate with the FBI and with the
Department of Justice what's appropriate
what's not appropriate to maintain the
independence of the Bureau and at the
end of that meeting Priebus told Comey
hey come on down the hallway I want you
to come say hello to the president he
wants to see you in the Oval Office and
call me writes that he thought to
himself this is so ironic I just spent
20 minutes explaining how we need to be
independent and here you are trying to
bring me in to see the president and
indeed he did and they had a
conversation there Nick Ackerman does
any of this have an impact on on the
Muller investigation I'm it obviously
could have an impact on public opinion
and people could decide whether they
like Jim Comey or not whether they trust
Jim Comey or not but does it have any
any standing or influence on the
investigation well I think it's going to
certainly impact the investigation to
the importance of it and that people
realize that it's important that Muller
continued doing it what's really unusual
here is that Jim Comey is a star witness
in any obstruction of justice
prosecution he's a star witness in a
whole series of items that relate to
Trump and people around him and it's
very unusual to have your star witness
go out and do a bestseller book that can
then be used to cross-examine him so he
had
do what the prosecutor would want him to
do which is to make sure that he is put
in there everything that is material
that he will testify to because the last
thing he wants to do is get on the
witness stand and suddenly come up with
additional testimony that he hadn't put
in this book because they're gonna ask
him why he didn't do that so in other
words one can trust or one should assume
that the stuff that Jim Comey has
written in this book is better vetted or
more accurate than necessarily if I
wrote a book because he knows that
Muller's people are going to go through
this thing that's right and that's what
he's gonna testify to and he's gonna
have to stick to what he is saying in
that book so he had to be very careful
on the other hand if he's got
contemporaneous memos and notes upon
which this book was written that makes
it pretty bill Rock or any sense of
whether those contemporaneous notes have
been subpoenaed
that's a good question I'm not sure I
know Comey has been cooperating with
with Muller as the special counsel may
not imagine been subpoenaed it may have
been volunteer I don't know yeah and I
imagine that the accounts that that
Comey has given to Muller and his
investigators are more detailed than
what he's written in this book is Comey
self critical in the book at all he is
you know he talks a little bit about how
he knows over over his years he's had a
reputation for for having a healthy ego
for sometimes being a little
sanctimonious he acknowledges that and
he also talks about his own sort of
experiences remember it's a memoir so he
talks about through his entire life but
as you read it you can't help but think
about Trump there's a whole chapter in
it about how call me used to be bullied
at school as an elementary school
student as a high school student slammed
against the lockers teased and ridiculed
by his classmates and he sort of
ruminates on the psychology of bullies
and in the psychology of liars and he
seems to be writing that in sort of a
thinly veiled assessment of the occupant
of the Oval Office
Natacha this all comes within the
context of reporting by NBC that the
Muller probe could ramp up now that
they're coming to terms of the fact that
Donald Trump
in his anger this week has has soured on
the idea of sitting down with Robert
Muller something he had thought he would
do the Muller investigation can ramp up
without that where do you think this
sort of places the investigation and
Donald Trump well my reaction when I
read that was that Muller has enough to
finish his obstruction report without
actually having to interview the
president there is there's reason to
believe that they would be able to
subpoena the president to be interviewed
if they felt like that was absolutely
necessary but the fact now that they
have written essentially four different
points at which they believe that the
president tried to obstruct justice
tried to end this and this investigation
or impede it really says a lot and and
one of the most striking things about it
is that they apparently have evidence
that he was dangling bribes to grand
jury witnesses and that is that is HUGE
if it's true and if they don't have the
opportunity to sit down with the
president because the president is kind
of throwing a temper tantrum about the
raid on his lawyer's home which of
course there was a there was a warrant
for and it was perfectly lawful then
that's really going to damage him
because he won't be able to have the
opportunity to tell his side of the
story now of course his allies have
really strongly urged him against
sitting down with Muller because they
feel that it could be a perjury trap but
there is something to be said about well
if you think that you are telling the
truth and you really really believe that
you have nothing to hide then why not
just sit down with Muller and get this
over with and Nick to that point call me
who again is going to know that more
than most people more than fire and fury
there are going to be lawyers and
investigators going through this book
with a fine-tooth comb so commis
credibility here is is at stake in a way
that most authors credibility is not and
according to what he said to Phil Rucker
or what Phil Rucker read in the book
Comey says about Trump that he built a
cocoon of alternative reality that he
was busily rapidly wrapping around all
of us that he lies about all things
large and small Comey his setting
himself up as as something opposite to
trump that Comey must be telling the
truth and Trump must be lying well
that's what we've seen anyway I mean
Comey is not giving away the store
here I mean that's what we've seen with
this individual during the campaign
after the campaign I mean the number of
times he has lied about even
inconsequential things is staggering so
he's not telling us anything new from
that standpoint but again Comey is the
kind of person who kind of puts himself
up as somebody who's a little bit holier
than now which led to that statement he
made in ending the Clinton email
investigation which he had no business
making when he got up there and it
criticized her for being careless I mean
he had no business making any of those
statements in the first place
that should have been done by the
Attorney General or the Deputy Attorney
General not by the FBI I mean this is
the first time ever the FBI director has
gone out and made a statement about an
investigation that is just not proper
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
