thing one tonight Donald Trump made a
lot of big promises on the campaign
trail most of which he has not kept he
has not built the wall he certainly
hasn't gotten Mexican to pay for it he
has not repealed Obamacare he has not
drained the swamp but there's one thing
he talked about over and over again that
he did make good on if we don't stop the
TPP we will lose our economic
independence for good the trans-pacific
partnership is the greatest danger yet
the TPP is a horrible deal it is a deal
that is going to lead to nothing but
trouble the trans-pacific partnership is
another disaster done and pushed by
special interests who want to rape our
country just a continuing rape of our
country just raping our country over and
over on his first full workday in office
President Trump followed through signing
an executive order officially
withdrawing from the TPP deal the move
was largely symbolic the deal was likely
already dead in Congress but still a
promise made and a promise kept
on till today president Trump's move to
wipe that win off the board is thing too
in 60 seconds we're here to deliver on
the promises and the plans that this man
has before do you even realize how
significant it is on day one for
President Trump to have withdrawn from
TPP President Trump
officially pulled out the TPP on his
first four workday in office the
administration touted it as a major
promise kept which it was until today
when Trump changed his tune the
president said he was deputizing Larry
Kudlow and ambassador light Heiser to
look at reentering the TPP negotiations
the president multiple times reaffirmed
in general to all of us and looked right
at Larry Kudlow and said Larry go get it
done now who knows what that means I
mean frankly the president that's right
though after railing against the TPP for
years and getting rid of it on day one
tell him today told his advisors to look
at rejoining the deal bringing his town
llave campaign promises kept right back
to zero the trans-pacific partnership
which would have been a catastrophe for
our businesses
workers I'm very proud of that
withdrawal some people say oh gee I wish
you didn't do that but the smart people
say thank you thank you thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
