Republican congressman mark meadows he's
the chairman of the house freedom caucus
congressman meadows nice to see you
welcome back to the show
it's great to be back with you Chuck
thanks so much all right I know where
you stand on whether speaker Ryan should
stay or not you believe he should stay
for the remainders term the remainder of
this Congress but let me ask you this is
there a compromise here you have some
members who would like to know what the
new leadership team is going to be could
you have the elections now and they
don't take over until after November
well I don't think that's practical or
or what will happen Chuck obviously it's
one issue one issue that might be
discussed but I think realistically
what's going to happen is the speaker is
not going to be forced out it's going to
be more policy driven hopefully getting
some things done even in quote the lame
duck speaker session but what's going to
happen is is behind the scenes there's
going to be a whole lot of negotiating
and and perhaps horse-trading that that
happens too to get an heir apparent and
and I think that's going to happen over
the next two weeks not over the next
seven months
so you think essentially what I just
described you think there'll be an
unofficial well you know maybe maybe one
of the two candidates we're talking
about here Kevin McCarthy Steve Scalise
Steve Scalise has already said today
I'll never run against Kevin for speaker
some people picked up the first speaker
part and thought well maybe he would run
against them for something else but let
you think there will be you think it
will be clear who the likely heir
apparent is going to be in a couple
weeks well I think it could be I don't
necessarily believe it will be but I do
think it could be and here's here's the
reason why I say that even with you
dissecting Steve Scalise is words today
you know everybody's putting a big
emphasis on mei-chiao and little teeny
words that normally don't have a meaning
but today they do and I can tell you
that whether it's the two individuals
there or whether it's someone else that
throws their hat into the
ring those discussions are already
happening if someone's willing to come
on today and say they're not they're not
telling the truth so so they're
happening and and at that point you know
when you believe that you can get to 218
votes I think that the decision becomes
very different now here's the
interesting thing is everybody's talking
about who's going to be the speaker you
need to make sure that you're in the
majority maybe you're talking about a
minority leader I don't believe so but
you know for these discussions to get to
mature if you're not going to step aside
and pass the baton is just a waste of
time well and then I was just gonna let
me ask you as a member of Congress just
do you think you can make a sound
judgment between the candidate potential
candidates to be House Leader if you
choose not to be one can you make a
sound judgment before November or do you
want to see what what it looks like post
November before you decide whether
person acts has the skill set that's
needed to be speaker versus person why
who may have the better skill set of
being a party leader for instance well
that's a great question Chuck and so I
will say this is unless it's the new
speaker is going to be a freshman member
of Congress that coming coming in the
pool of people you're going to pick from
are already here so the answer is yes
you can tick that today you can look you
can let everybody present their case on
how they're going to lead the GOP
conference going forward and to suggest
that it's going to be vastly different
in November than it is you know in in
April or May is just not accurate so I
think so as we yeah go ahead finish up
there's that thought I'm sorry know as
so as we look at this I think there's
going to be a whole lot more decisions
that get made today very quickly as the
weekend holds out I'm sure phone calls
are being made privately that will never
come on and suggest you that they're
being made but they are being made
what's interesting here is you really
are painting a picture of urgency here
that this more is happening then maybe
anybody wants to admit let me ask you
this about Kevin McCarthy the freedom
caucus did not endorse
for speaker in 2015 it would lead to
frankly his decision to step aside in
favor of Paul Ryan she unites the
conference has anything changed in the
relationship between Kevin McCarthy and
the freedom caucus well I think there
has been changes between the freedom
caucus and Kevin McCarthy but not just
the freedom caucus it's it's a broad you
know spectrum within the conference so
those that are perhaps more centrist you
know the the leader and and the Majority
Whip or are both engaging not just with
our caucus but with others to try to say
you know this is this is what we're all
about this is how I'm going to deliver
and and I think in seeing that you know
it bodes well for both both men that
have thrown their hat in the ring but
there's others that are talking about it
and certainly be glad to come on if if
they throw their hat in the ring to talk
about that let me ask you it sounds like
you will never be a candidate and yet
there's there's quite a few people that
I feel like are almost taunting you to
run our friends at The Wall Street
Journal editorial page right now is also
the moment for the freedom caucus to
step up North Carolina representative
mark meadows is never short of
suggestions for the leadership how about
trying to actually lead run for majority
leader show if you have the votes for a
way forward that is more productive than
being a critic on cable trey Gowdy adds
in a statement didn't say you by name
but it was implied it seemed like at
least the freedom caucus as a whole to
those within Congress who always seemed
to have a better idea or a smarter
strategy now is your chance to run for
speaker ball is in your court sir yeah
so let me Trey and I talk all the time
and we've talked about leadership
positions in other positions as as
recent as an hour ago so I can tell you
Trey's comment wasn't directed at me
perhaps The Wall Street Journal
editorial board is now we've called The
Wall Street Journal here on Capitol Hill
the Paul Street Journal and so my
comment to you is you can that you can
drop referring to Paul's ego Orion which
Paulson you're referring to
same difference you know and so I think
at this particular point my message to
you would be maybe had Paul Gigot
actually call me since he's never
talk to me he's never had an interview
like this and perhaps he can speak a
little bit more directly about Who I am
and what I stand for
any chance you'll run for a leadership
post you know really right now we're
looking not as much about the
personalities is about what we're going
to stand for and so as we look at that
it's about being about the people's
business for the next seven or eight
months leading up to the the midterms
I'm not running for for a leadership
position obviously the freedom caucus
and if we vote as a bloc which we
probably will with a few exceptions you
know it'll be a factor in this
leadership race mark Meadows congressman
from North Carolina a head of the
freedom caucus appreciate you having me
on always appreciate you coming on
sharing your views Thanks shot
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
