we have been following the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee hearing for
president Trump's nomination for
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo we will
go back to that hearing in just a moment
but we have some breaking news to bring
you right now in the last hour president
Trump talked about Syria he said that he
is still having meetings about what
action the United States might take
against the Assad regime there and that
a decision will be made fairly soon
kortnee Cuba NBC News national security
military correspondent joins me now with
some breaking news that the president
and his team will certainly be taking
into account Courtney what have we found
out well my colleague Ken Delaney and I
have learned today that the u.s. now has
blood and urine samples from some of the
victims of this this attack in Syria
last weekend and that those samples
according to US officials tested
positive for chemicals both chlorine the
majority of them were chlorine but then
there were also there were also
something that tested positive for a
nerve agent they're not saying for
certain whether that was sarin but
historically the Syrian regime has used
a combination of chlorine and sarin
there's also other intelligence that has
come in now that is pointing to this
u.s. officials are now fairly confident
that in fact this was the Syrian regime
that carried out this attack Craig so
one thing to keep in mind is is a
pattern that we've seen out of the
Syrian regime when they are attacking an
area when they are going after an area
they will pound it with mortars with
artillery for weeks for months or
however long it takes to take back the
area when they get towards the end when
it looks like the area is about to fall
to the regime they have historically you
know in the past they have used chemical
weapons to be the sort of the last straw
that breaks the camel's back that takes
day takes out an area what we have seen
now is that in fact that region that
area that that where this chemical
weapons attack was carried out over the
weekend has now fallen to the regime so
that would be consistent with their past
behavior but again what we know now is
there are blood and urine sample samples
that have come from victims of this
attack over the weekend and they have
tested positive for chemical weapons
Craig as you're certainly aware the
the Syrian the official Syrian line is
that it wasn't then we heard from the
ambassador to the United Nations earlier
today and yesterday to what degree of
certainty are these officials confident
that it was in fact Bashar al-assad who
is behind these attacks
well you'll often hear intelligence
officials talk about level of confidence
in a low level or a high level the
people people I spoke with were not
willing to characterize it as one or
another they would not give me the
actual analysis but they are saying now
that it's they have increasing evidence
that in fact it was the Syrian regime
that carried this out you'll recall last
April in 2017 the sarin gas attack that
the u.s. responded to retaliated to by
hitting an Assyrian airfield there was
overhead there were photos of a crater
in the road they taught that after the
after the tomahawk strikes US military
spoke about how they had evidence of how
they chemicals when they after they were
struck after they struck how they
dissipated into the area we don't have
that kind of specificity at this point
but we are hearing more and more now
that there is more confidence that in
fact it was the Syrian regime that
carried out this attack there had also
been some talk that other other
countries were conducting similar tests
on samples do we know anything anymore
about that not from any of the US allies
we know that OPCW which is an
international monitoring organization
has been granted the authority to come
in and to do some testing you know one
one group that we've heard from is the
Russians they've said that they've gone
in on the ground and haven't found any
evidence of chemicals but now it seems
that the United States has something
that is more tangible you know in these
blood in these urine samples and you
know and people might be wondering well
where does the u.s. get this there's not
any US military on the ground operating
near this area where this attack
occurred last weekend but they often
will get samples from you know other US
elements that might be on the ground
there they get them from NGOs from human
rights groups that are in the area so it
you know historically they have a name
to get these kinds of samples that allow
them to run forensics after an attack
all right breaking news here again from
Courtney QB our military national
security correspondent there in DC
Syrian samples testing positive for four
chemical weapons that according to at
least two sources two official sources
the question of course now becomes what
next hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
