do an illegal campaign contribution by
the president's personal return if the
president considered that to be the
mulleted investigation has strayed
outside of its initial mandate the
president certainly has been clear that
he has a very deep concern about the
direction that the special counsel and
other investigations have taken this
investigation started off as rush of
collusion of which there was none that
has been very clear that nothing has
come up over the last year and the
president spoken at length on this topic
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
reacted reports about the scope of the
Michael Cohen search warrant done by
federal prosecutors in coordination with
Special Counsel Robert Muller's team
meanwhile earlier we mentioned
Presidents Trump's tweet last night he
wrote Big Show tonight on Sean Hannity 9
p.m. on Fox News so if he took the
president's advice and tuned in at nine
o'clock he would have seen Hannity talk
about the quote Clinton crime family and
then the Comey crime family but the real
focus was on the Muller
crime family as he called it throughout
the show guests laced into the Justice
Department here's part of the
conversation James Comey is a dirty cop
is a completely dirty cop that was
compromised from the very beginning of
the investigation in Hillary Clinton and
Jeff Sessions now has an obligation to
the President of the United States to
fire rod Rosenstein after Rosenstein
authorized the unconstitutional and
unprofessional search of the office of
michael cohen jeff sessions tomorrow
morning should fire rod Rosenstein it is
not up to the President to fire mr.
Rosenstein it is mr. sessions job and he
has a duty to fire rod Rosen
the Rob Rosenstein has not done his job
he has not supervised Muller this whole
thing is an absurdity we've now had one
permanent Paul and Paul Manafort and his
wife in their pajamas at 3 o'clock in
the morning having the FBI break down
the door we have had we've had this real
last week Coen the lawyer have the door
taken off the hinges at 6:00 in the
morning we're supposed to have the rule
of law it ain't the rule of law when
they kick in your door at 3 o'clock in
the morning and you're faced with our
men and you you have had no reason to be
told you're gonna have that kind of
treatment that's a that's Stalin that's
the that's the Gestapo in Germany that
shouldn't be the American FBI so Joe if
you saw any of the clips of the show the
crime family graphics were the bulletin
board sort of the way Carrie Mathison
has on her wall in homeland order you're
connecting the dots and trying to figure
out who the criminal is and how to get
to the criminal straight lines from
Robert Muller two characters like Whitey
Bulger beneath him the longtime FBI
informant and and mob boss Bob Muller
whatever you want to say about him this
is not taking a position on his
investigation is a man who's served this
country for his entire life so to call
him the head of a crime family that's
new territory it's beneath contempt Sean
Hannity is a desperate desperate man
desperately defending a desperate
desperate president Sean Hannity has a
show that Shep Smith and the rest of the
news people at Fox News consider to be a
joke they call it fake news they call it
entertainment and that's fine if people
want to be entertained that way at night
yeah you know people watch the
Kardashians too but when you have people
at Fox News saying that's not really
news that's entertainment and it is it's
just it's trash though I mean the fact
that he is entertained and the fact that
other people are entertained by trashing
a hero in Vietnam by trashing a man
that's guided America through 9/11 a man
that's dedicated his entire life to
protecting Americans at home and abroad
is beneath can't
and it shows how desperate they all are
because they know that seven out of ten
Americans say this investigation should
be seen through to the end that no man
is above the law only 12 percent of
Americans say in this investigation
I look at Joe two vintage I I don't know
just how stupid he thinks Americans are
but he must think they're
extraordinarily stupid it's very
insulting to fox viewers that joe
digenova thinks they're such fools that
they're such idiots that that that they
think that James Comey helped Hillary
Clinton James Comey wrote the letter ten
days before the election that elected
Donald Trump James Comey and McCabe made
public and investigation the Clinton
Foundation that helped elect Donald
Trump so I don't know how stupid they
think Americans are and it's the same
thing with Newt Gingrich I don't know
exactly what Newt Gingrich is getting
out of out of this Newt Gingrich skips
the Vietnam War Robert and Muller goes
there and serves admirably and Newt
Gingrich is comparing a war hero and a
man who's dedicated his entire life to
protecting the US Constitution to Stalin
like Newt Gingrich understands that we
have a United States Constitution that
we have a rule of law that we have
something called probable cause and that
we have constitutional protections and
if you talk to Michael Cohen Michael
Cohen will tell you that he was treated
respectfully he was treated well by the
FBI agents and yes we will see that
everything they did was within the
parameters of the United States
Constitution for Newt Gingrich to shame
himself for Newt Gingrich to disgrace
himself for Newt Gingrich to humiliate
himself for Newt Gingrich to lay waste
to his legacy by comparing a Vietnam War
hero who has dedicated his in
entire life to protecting the US
Constitution Americans to compare Bob
Muller to Joseph Stalin the most evil
man of the 20th century shows you how
contemptible Newt Gingrich's is a man
and shows you how desperate he and
everyone else involved in this wretched
exercise are that now they understand
that 70% of Americans want the Moller
investigation to be completed they want
to know what other Russians are going to
be indicted they want to know what other
people inside the Trump white house are
going to be indicted this is the sign of
desperation and sadly it is the sign of
just how low people will go to denigrate
themselves and forever Sully their
historical reputation by defending the
indefensible Donald Trump mica once
again proves that no one around him
leaves without a sullied and tarnished
reputation and you take that transcript
the last two minutes of what you said
you have a very good thesis for your
column in The Washington Post very well
no we can't listen listen to the content
of the argument that was being made in
the argument that Donald Trump knew was
coming because he promote it which means
it's something that he probably shares
it was fire rod Rosen Stein again and
again and again if you look past the
bulletin boards they were suggesting not
suggesting they were saying you've got a
fire road rod Rosen Stein which would be
the way to get to Bob Mahler if you
clear that right telegraphing how
they're gonna make that case - right
saying well he could be a potential
witness because he wrote the letter
justifying commis firing therefore he's
conflicted this has been a campaign I
mean I said on this program months ago
that this is that this is an active
campaign the way he would run a campaign
is you have to change public perception
about now I don't know how much they've
changed public exception you just saw
the poll numbers there but they believe
that they've got to change the public
perception to undermine this
investigation so that when they do fire
rod Rosen's son and and look I heard
what Joe said in the beginning the show
about the Starr investigation I remember
the Starr investigation and I remember
thinking there was going to be something
there and ended up being nothing there
but right now which you know I have to
look at
is right now what we have is a an affair
with a porn star and a Playboy model and
this is what the basis that's been
reported of what these these searches
were conducted on so which is analogous
to an intern in a blue dress and if
that's it well you've got in paying for
that I I think there might be more but
you know what we'll wait and see
coming up the Washington Post's Robert
Costa joins us with his new reporting on
Steve bannon's plan to thwart the Muller
investigation plus we'll talk to David
Ignatius about Syria the president
responding to his own tweets about
military action with more tweets about
military action we're back in a moment
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
