administration leon panetta it's great
to have you on this morning joe as the
first question he'll take it away Joe
yeah yeah mr. secretary last week of
course the president said he wanted out
of Syria and those were his exact words
I want out when talking about our
largely successful and sustainable
attack plan battle Tet plan against Isis
in the region was that a mistake for the
president to Telegraph that and could it
have led the attacks we saw earlier this
week well I think it it was not
something that the president should have
said with regards to the status of
American forces because if we're going
to be able to to have some kind of
influence in Syria and it is a chaotic
situation it is important for the United
States to have a presence there and to
indicate that we have a role to play by
saying what he said I think he may have
sent a signal that somehow the United
States would not care whatever happen in
Syria and I think that was dangerous mr.
secretary do we have any is there is
there any option for the United States
to retreat from that region even if
we're talking about two 3,000 special
forces there when we have Iran we have
remnants of Isis Syria and of course the
Russians there what what would be the
impact of a u.s. retreat well I think
the fundamental problem here Joe is that
the United States has really never had a
strategy with regards to Syria
we've been reactive to the moment into
the crisis without thinking about what
is our strategy in Syria and as a result
of that we've been somewhat ambivalent
about how to handle that chaos and so
rather than developing that strategy
rather than trying to play a role in
forcing Syria to figure out some kind of
political settlement there that would
get rid of a saw
and allow Syrians to decide what their
political future is frankly we have been
hitting Isis on the side talking about
Assad but really don't have an overall
strategy and and if we're going to
strike Syria I don't think this ought to
be a reflex action without a strategy
that's what this administration has to
do is figure out what is our long-term
strategy in Syria going to be so I'll
follow up on that why don't we have a
strategy we don't have a strategy
because I think we were reacting to what
was happening in Syria and there was a
fear that we didn't want to get in
trapped by another Middle Eastern war I
understand that but at the same time the
fact is once you say Assad has to step
down once you see that there are other
forces at play in Syria
the reality is the United States does
have a national interest and what
happens in Syria because it relates to
the overall status in the Middle East so
for that reason we should have developed
a larger strategy building our alliances
building a diplomatic effort to try to
force Assad to step down and try to move
towards some kind of political
resolution as former Secretary of
Defense you steeped in the national
security challenges that we face around
the world as former CIA director you
have great knowledge institutional
knowledge classified knowledge on
protecting our democracy with all that
insight do you think that this president
is challenging our democracy is a threat
to our democracy or what does his
behavior say to you and I can spell out
the behavior if if if you need me to but
I'm concerned concern in many levels
well look let's begin with the most
important thing here which is when
you're a commander-in-chief the most
serious responsibility you have is to
decide whether or not we take military
action because that involves lives and
involves national security interests of
the United States
normally under any other
administration there would be a process
for dealing with this crisis where it
would go through the National Security
Council options would be presented
defense secretary Secretary of State
others would have their input they would
present those options to the president
and the president would decide what
steps are going to be taken what we have
with this president is a president who
doesn't operate by process but operates
by instinct and gut reaction and that
makes it very unpredictable and as a
result of that it is a it's a dangerous
moment because we don't know what the
consequences of whatever action that he
takes are going to be was that a yes yes
I mean it's yes in the sense that this
is a dangerous moment with this
president who hasn't who hasn't taken
the time to think out what are the
consequences of military action here
what is it going to mean for the United
States
what is our long-term strategy all of
that requires thought it requires
consideration it does not require a
reflex action the president's response
mr. secretary to all the criticism he's
received over the last year and a half
and the investigations about Russia have
been to attack the sources whether it's
us in the press whether it's the FBI or
whether now it's Bob Muller we saw some
of the conspiratorial theories that have
been floated around certain segments of
the media and promoted yesterday by
President Trump on Sean Hannity calling
Bob Muller the head of a crime family
what is your reaction to that to a man I
assume you know Bob Muller being called
the head of a crime family and how do
you think he's prosecuting his
investigation well I do you know this
this is a country that has to operate by
the rule of law and the president United
States ought to be an individual that
reflects that he and his administration
are going to abide by the rule of law I
I think that the responsibility of a
president is to deal with the crises
facing this country and right now what
he does by virtue of these tweet
is to generate crisis to generate chaos
and rather than dealing with the
problems that he's facing which are
significant whether it's the economy or
Syria or trade or all of these other
issues that's what he ought to be
focusing on to focus on this issue of
bob muller and the investigation focus
on tearing people apart i think
undermines his ability as president to
be able to serve this country properly
we talked about john kelly a man who
worked for you general john kelly
serving in a position that you held
under president clinton as chief of
staff to the extent you can share with
us how difficult is his job and how much
influence does he have at this point
well I have a tremendous regard for John
Kelly he was my military aide at at the
Defense Department and I found him to be
somebody truly dedicated to this country
and and with a tremendous amount of
respect for commanders-in-chief he's got
a tough job he has tried to put a chain
of command in place he has tried to put
some discipline in place but he's
dealing with a principal who doesn't
want to abide by any of that discipline
how can you be effective at developing
policies for this country if you have a
president who wakes up early in the
morning and starts tweeting about
different issues how can you possibly
respond effectively to setting some kind
of strategy for this country when a
president doesn't want to abide by any
strategy or process it makes it almost
impossible he's frustrated fair to say I
have to believe he's a very frustrated
guy but if I know John Kelly he'll keep
fighting until he feels you know he he
wants to do what's best for the country
and he will keep doing that as long as
he can David Ignatius the secretary we
had the bizarre situation this week in
which the president was taunting a
nuclear-armed superpower Russia with the
threat of US missile strikes in a calms
playground way question I want to ask
you is whether you think the danger of
actual military conflict between the US
and Russia is significant and more
broadly in this period one we're just
hyper about anything that involves
Russia what you think the right path
forward is for the US and Russia
well David this is probably not a bad
time I know the president probably
doesn't read much but if he could read
something reading the guns of August
about how we got into World War one
might not be a bad read for him or his
aides because I think what happened
there is that there was an assumption
that somehow we could deal with the
problems in the world and the failure of
leadership at that time resulted in bad
judgments and bad consequences that led
us into a war I think that could happen
here this is a dangerous situation there
are risks involved with regards to what
action is going to be taken but I think
the most important thing for the
president to decide is what is the end
for the administration what is the
fundamental objective here if the
fundamental objective is to deal with
Syria and their use of chemical warfare
then the objective has to be to make
sure that Assad never uses chemical
warfare again that should be the
objective if that's the objective it's a
combination of using military capability
plus diplomatic capable capability to
try to force Russia China others to come
together and say what steps is Assad
going to take to ensure that he never
uses chemical weapons again that would
require an inspection regime it would
require follow-up it would require
careful diplomatic strategies to make
that happen that should be the goal but
I'm not sure that's a lot of thought has
been given to that and it's actually in
your mind with that approach if it was
possible be preferable to the you know
wham launch a missile and drop it on
some airfield would you rather see the
former than the latter well look you
know let's not kid anybody we have a lot
of leverage right now in terms of the
potential of a military strike the
question is whether we can use that
to get to our objective which is an
Assad who will not use chemical weapons
in the future and that was the mistake
last year we hit him and there was no
follow-up and the result is we're facing
exactly the same situation now if we hit
them militarily now without any kind of
strategy what will happen is in a few
months he'll do it again
so the goal here has to be to take steps
to say we will use military action if we
do not get the kind of response that we
want that will guarantee this will never
happen again this is a good moment to
use diplomatic capability I'm not sure
whether this administration has that
capability right now we're focusing on
the military side I'm not sure how much
we're focusing on the diplomatic side
that's what bothers me yeah Heidi
focusing on diplomacy but the reporting
is that there are forces both within the
White House and within Congress pushing
for something more than a pin pick
strike pushing for massive follow-up
maybe even manned aircraft can you this
is the time to drill down on this for
the American people can you speak about
the specific consequences of that being
potentially even more dangerous for us
than Iraq was because you have major
world powers embedded in there in Iran
and in Russia and we've just told the
Ayatollah and Putin and Assad that we
may strike meaning that they're there
marshaling all of their defenses well my
concern right now is the longer this
process goes on the riskier it gets and
you know we indicated we were going to
strike it's now taken a number of days
to try to move towards some kind of
potential strike in the meantime I'm
sure the Russians the Iranians and the
Syrians have taken steps to protect
their their targets and have also
developed ways to respond to a US attack
it's made it riskier right now and so
what what has to be done now is not to
back away I mean to continue our
military planning to continue to look at
what targets we might be able to hit but
to use that
leverage you try to force these
countries to put pressure on Assad to
step away from chemical warfare and make
clear that it cannot happen again and we
have to be assured that Syria will never
do this again that's that that's the
tricky part here I'm gonna I'm not
saying that's easy you know but but that
is what needs to be done for the sake of
establishing some kind of peaceful
solution here to what otherwise could be
a very dangerous and escalating conflict
former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta
thank you very much thanks thank you
thank you
coming up catch and kill another story
of someone with potential dirt on Donald
Trump being paid to keep quiet morning
Chavez coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
