welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
political reporter for Axios Alexei
McCammon Alexei good morning to you
thanks for joining us
good morning talk to us about Axios is
one big thing today's one big thing is
about the biggest political showdown
happening on Capitol Hill and it has
nothing to do with President Trump it's
about the fight for leadership among
both Democrats and now Republicans after
Paul Ryan's announcement yesterday to
figure out who could possibly replace
Paul Ryan a speaker and who could
possibly replace Nancy Pelosi if she
ever steps aside but there's no
indication that she's willing to do that
okay so talk to me about some of those
names that they're throwing out there
let's start with Paul Ryan who could it
be his feasible replacement the two
names being thrown out there are Kevin
McCarthy and Steve Scalise Kevin
McCarthy is sort of viewed among those
on the hill as being the most likely
successor for Paul Ryan Donald Trump has
even considered him to be his chief of
staff in the past but he would have
trouble getting the approval from the
more conservative members of the freedom
Cossack caucus and they're sort of the
ones who you would need approval from to
replace Paul Ryan for Nancy Pelosi the
reps are rep Crowley who is 56 from
Queens in New York and then penny Hoyer
who is the same age as Nancy Pelosi and
I bring that up because when people talk
about replacing Nancy Pelosi they say
they want younger fresher faces but that
necessarily wouldn't change things in
terms of age and fire were to replace
her so we know obviously you're on
Jonathan Swan breaking the news
yesterday about Paul Ryan's a decision
to leave Congress he says he plans to
remain Speaker until the end I believe
he said until January but I know that
Axios is hearing some Republicans they
have some other plans wanting to see him
step aside a bit earlier than that
that's right Republicans on the hill
basically think that it's untenable for
Paul Ryan to stay in this position
through January when they're approaching
what everyone knows will be a very
competitive sort of tumultuous midterm
election year why would they want all of
these you know things happening behind
the scenes when people are fighting to
replace Paul Ryan when they're trying to
maintain control of the house which is
already difficult considering 39 House
Republicans are not seeking re-election
so several Republicans have told
Jonathan Swan and Mike Allen a taxi
that they are expecting Paul Ryan will
either actually step down in the summer
and sometime between July or August or
people will sort of push him out I know
that we've heard some reporting that
Paul Ryan is stepping aside because he
says he wants to spend time with family
but are we hearing any other reasons
that he may have stepped aside and the
time and what she did well there's
obviously some speculation that he was
worried he would not be voted again a
speaker of the house you know his team
and Republicans maintain he would have
safely been reelected to Congress in his
first District in Wisconsin but we have
seen this energy and enthusiasm among
Democratic voters across the country but
especially for Randy Bryce the man who
is running against him so I think those
things were certainly weighing on his
mind though that will never be the
public reason that is given for his
departure so you talked about Kevin
McCarthy possibly Steve Scalise being
replacements up for Paul Ryan president
trond fans of both of those men could we
see him weighing in on who could
feasibly be the next speaker putting his
support behind one of them right that's
the interesting thing I mean this is a
situation that Trump revels in he loves
these fights he loves the drama and if
it came down to it and he had to step in
I think we could fully expect that as I
mentioned earlier Kevin McCarthy would
sort of have a difficult time getting
conservatives on board because they
think Steve Scalise is more
ideologically in line with them more
conservative and they could count on him
for votes that align with their views
and they don't feel the same about Kevin
McCarthy but Trump really loves Kevin
McCarthy and so if it came down to it
where he needed to intervene and sort of
stump for him or show his explicit
support for Kevin McCarthy knowing that
he might not win otherwise I think we
could fully expect Trump to do that well
what do you think the likelihood is that
Steve Scalise will throw his hat in the
ring is it only if Kevin McCarthy
doesn't get the support that he needs
from the tea party that's what we're
hearing so if Kevin McCarthy looks like
he's not going to be able to lock up the
speakership then Steve Scalise would
more than likely throw his hat in the
ring and I mean that would be
politically in line with what he wants
yeah cuz we do know that Steve Scalise
to feasibly get their support of the
freedom caucus over Kevin McCarthy all
right we had day two the facebook
hearing yesterday with Mark Zuckerberg
facing some tough questions
after all the pageantry and all these
hearings do you think we're gonna see
any sort of action from Congress whether
it be regulations or not when it comes
to Facebook the interesting thing and
the main takeaway from these two
hearings is that we're no closer to
regulations where Congress is no closer
to regulations on Facebook than they
were when before the hearing started
certainly there are many moments that I
think are important to note in which
lawmakers would propose potential
policies and Zuckerberg would say you
know my team will follow up with you on
that now he and his team are obligated
to follow up with them on that even if
they don't actually implement the
policies that they're asking and I think
lawmakers showed and they're questioning
that maybe they weren't as informed on
Facebook and its policies as they needed
to be now they have more information to
inform potential regulation and I think
it'll be a long time until we see that
but I think they're serious about moving
forward on regulation I got to say that
was definitely Zuckerberg go to line
there my team will follow up with you
that and any questions they didn't
necessarily have the answers deal Lexy
McCammon thanks so much appreciate you
joining you all right we're gonna be
reading axiom in just a little bit and
to all of our viewers out there you too
can sign up for the newsletter at Axios
comet hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
