point to this plotline of blaming the
media I want to run just a collection of
that for you to to make the point that
the message is getting through at least
the Republican ranks it's the media
doing what the media does which which is
any any narrative that they can twist
against Trump they will do so there's a
lot of blame to go around and yes I
think social media and mainstream media
has a lot to do with why we communicate
like this well we have seen the media be
unprecedented in their negative coverage
of this president presidents right in
saying let's have civility in our news
coverage let's have some fair-minded
news coverage in this country and not
have the bias
Eli I'd like to think thus far the media
have pointed out the correlation between
the list of bombs and the recipients and
what they have in common is they are
critics of the President and targets of
the President this would be a really
good time to keep tensions down right
and I think targets of the president is
the most important thing I mean Maxine
Waters George Soros the president a week
ago at a rally insinuated that George
Soros was potentially paying the met
people in the caravan which he has made
a central campaign issue so he is riling
people up about this and the what about
ISM that you hear from the White House
and on down from Republicans is typical
of the sort of explanations we've seen
in other situations like this where
there's a lot of blame shifting and
misdirection and saying it's actually
the media's fault and you're just not
going to see anything different than
that they're not going to be very many
calls from Republicans on the President
to be actually unifying the President
himself at his rally in Wisconsin last
night kind of gave a wink in and not a
couple times to the crowd aren't I being
nice right now he was basically telling
them that the calls for unity his quote
being presidential that that was a
put-on that that was an act that it was
temporary and so you're just not going
to see Republicans try to correct that
because they are completely bought in to
what is sort of an election season camp
pain approach that is all about sewing
division driving that wedge complaining
about Democrats portraying them as a as
a mob and they're not going to step back
from that they believe that it's about
winning and losing the President himself
measures things in terms of wins and
losses did he regret insulting senator
Cruz no he said the other day it worked
out nicely for me because I won did he
regret mocking Christine Blasi Ford no
he told Lesley Stahl because it turned
out that Cavanaugh was confirmed this is
about wins and losses not moral
leadership for this president there's an
election less than two weeks that is the
focus for him and for Republicans you're
not gonna see a change hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
