Atlantic's Ron Brownstein writes today
Ryan chose to tolerate both Trump's
personal excesses and is racially
polarizing words and deeds is the price
worth paying to advance Ryan's own top
priorities cutting spending regulations
and above all taxes the result was that
Ryan more than any other prominent
Republican personified the devil's
bargain the GOP has signed with Trump
good writing there
Ryan responded to that on CNN today I
don't see getting things done for the
country keeping your promises making a
difference a devil's bargain look we
have a divided we have we have
separation of powers we have three
separate co-equal branches of
governments we have many different kinds
of Republicans I'm grateful for the
president to win the election to give us
this chance an opportunity to make a big
difference in people's lives well just a
short time ago President Trump tweeted a
photo with Ryan there it is and the rest
of the Republican gressil leaders are
giving a thumbs up there they are in
advance of a dinner at the White House
tonight from where I'm from my former
Romney advisor Brian Williams and Donna
Edwards former Democratic congresswoman
from Maryland and senior fellow at the
Brennan Center for Justice let me ask
you has the Republican leadership in the
Senate and the House and Congress
altogether been any kind of check on
Trump had they stopped him from doing
anything he wanted to do I think you
know I think they've tried to work with
the president we have obviously they
stopped him from doing anything they've
tried to get things done we have one
party government in Washington I think
criticizing the president would have
been endangered that and I think people
made the decision that it's best to work
with this president if you want to get
anything passed and I think this would
speak about the division of powers in
the Constitution in this case was not
relevant no I look I think members of
the leadership have been driving the
Train on many of these major policy
initiative airlie recently and for
decades stood for free trade houses the
Republican Party and recently and for
decades been for reducing the federal
deficit and not ending a trillion a half
dollars to it in tax giveaways has that
now given up all that philosophy about
free trade to the Trump idea of warring
with China look I think speaker Ryan
voices opposition to these these tariffs
he said what effect he said he doesn't
support I mean to what effect his
opposition well he controls the House of
Representatives he does I think how does
president Takagi use that power to
influence presidential policy I think
he's using this bully pulpit right now I
think you've admitted it Ryan the
president's been calling the shots Donna
looking across the aisle at this the
Republican Party of old is going the
Whig party if you will of sort of
moderate Republican ISM of cutting
deficits and and free trade and you know
whatever is going well that's been a
progression to Ryan it has but it's been
a progression over the last twenty years
and you know what Ryan has done he said
he said I want a couple of things done
and I'm gonna ignore the president's
moral character I'm going to ignore the
fact that were mentioning I know but I'm
saying it but I think I think that he
did make a bargain with the devil and
you know and I think Paul Ryan it's hard
he actually believes in institutions and
I do believe that it has become
increasingly more difficult to defend
the institution with Donald Trump as
president that said I think that he's
also been complicit because he wanted
tax cuts and he wanted deregulation and
you know there's no there's no value in
that I you know and for Democrats look
we shouldn't be salivating but the fact
is that it's the you know the writing is
on the wall and he's reading the tea
leaves and he's saying I'd rather go out
as Speaker then go out as Minority
Leader well today you have about to be
former speaker Ryan insist he's not
waving a white flag nor is he worried
about his party's chances as out for tea
Newman he's not where do you ought to be
worried put me worried they're gonna
lose about 30 seats here he is I want to
be clear I'm not done yet I intend to
run through the tape to finish the year
I really do not believe whether I stay
or go in 2019 is going to affect a
person's individual race for Congress I
really don't think a person's race for
Congress is going to hinge on whether
Paul Ryan speaker or not but another
retiring Republican congressman
Pennsylvania Charlie Denny was on last
night here said President Trump is the
real source of the Republican fatigue I
think there's a lot of wariness and a
lot of exhaustion frankly this is going
to be a challenging year and I've said
this many times that you know the litmus
test for being Republican these days
about any given set of ideals or
principles it's about loyalty to the man
and I think that's challenging what do
you make of the Republican Party right
now is it gonna be different when
Trump's going or is it the same as it
was before he arrives as he influenced
the direction of your party yes he's the
leader of the party right how is he
influenced the direction of your party
once he's gone house he has taken it
away we'd be more of a party of big
deficits and and protectionism we'll be
more of that kind of party he's
certainly altered the party's taking it
away from the party of George Bush how's
he improved it he won that we do has he
improved the Republican Party in
policymaking look he got tax reform done
that's a significant accomplishment the
house and the Senate got that done with
the president chapter form doesn't
happen very often but certainly he's
moved the party awake oh it's actually
for him yes how's it reform we thank you
right waves thanks for coming on is a
difficult day to defend anyway thank you
as congresswoman Donna Edwards former
congressman now running for County
Executive in Prince George's kid not
peachy Prince George's County
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
