republican congressman steve Stivers of
ohio and he is the chairman of the
National Republican campaign committee
the NRCC and the person responsible for
getting House Republicans elected and
perhaps keeping the majority congressman
Stivers welcome back hey Chuck let me
start with something John Cornyn said
today he said look I don't progressed
his decision referring to speaker Ryan
although I do think this creates another
element of uncertainty in the lead-up to
the 2018 election fair statement I think
that's probably fair I mean it creates
uncertainty but I can say just like I'm
from Columbus Ohio just like our Ohio
State Buckeyes don't have to rebuild
they just reload that's what's gonna
happen here we've got two incredible
other leaders who are ready to step up
when the time is right and until then
there's not gonna be a leadership race
because Paul Ryan's going to stay and do
the job and I think he will continue to
do the job well he's got a great network
of people that want to support him that
will support him so we'll we'll see how
that goes but I think it's all gonna
work out I sitting Speaker of the House
as an important fundraiser I mean he's
been an extraordinary important
fundraiser suddenly you know donors or
to think any you know the way these
money guys work and and you know they
think well you've got nothing to offer
me anymore you're gonna be there why
should I show up to your fundraiser does
this set you back a little bit
financially well I you know it is true
Paul Ryan has raised 40 million dollars
of our hundred and fifteen million that
we've raised so far but I can tell you
that Paul Ryan hasn't been selling
himself he's been selling you know a
vision an agenda and the people that
believed in that agenda yesterday
believe in it today and they'll believe
in it tomorrow and I believe they'll
keep supporting our team and we've got
you know our our leader Kevin McCarthy
and our Whip Steve Scalise who are ready
to I think pick up the slack and confuse
got to say geez view then this are they
basically now they're your chief
national fundraisers together is that is
that sort of how this is going to work
going forward I think they will both
pick up some slack and I think a lot of
other members will pick up slack and
frankly Paul Ryan told me at a private
meeting today he's going to continue to
work every day including raising money
and I believe there are a lot of people
that will continue to give Paul Ryan
money went
he's speaker or just somebody who they
believe in and they believe in our
agenda and you know I think that will
make up the difference and it all worked
out
you know congressman Dennis Ross today
said when he and that's against your
time he said well I always was gonna
serve here ten years but now it he cut
it down to eight let me ask you this the
conversations that you probably are had
that you probably have had and may be
having with other members who are on the
fence and now the speaker's leaving
what's that conversation like now if
you've got somebody on the fence and
you're like you know I really need you
to run we have an easier time holding
this seat if you run for re-election and
this is important and then they say well
the speaker is not running and that
seats now more in play what do you sell
well it's true that if these people if
our governments run we have a better
chance to win and that doesn't matter
whether the speaker runs or not the
speaker made a decision for his family
it wasn't about Washington DC it was
about Janesville Wisconsin and his kids
and and that's okay but you know
everybody's in a different place and
they have to do what works for them I
never push back to super hard because
people are gonna make the choices that
they want to make anyway but I try to
make sure that they understand that
they're part of the very important team
that 300 million people around this
country are depending on them to help us
move the country in the right direction
and and you know most people have
decided to run for re-election
and there are a few who've decided to do
something else but I am convinced that
there won't be a lot of other
retirements coming Chuck okay but you
you don't you don't rule out that more
make may come but you think you'll keep
it under 1000 I think for sure I you
know I I thought there'd be potentially
two more I knew about Dennis he and I'd
been talking since January and he was on
my list and unfortunately before I got a
chance to talk to him today he texted me
and said he was going to make his
announcement today and then I had three
other people I talked to and all three
told me they're running for re-election
but I can say there are people who've
told me they're running for re-election
and later announced they're not so
you're being being the most prominent
and yet as until they file yes right
No yeah let me ask you about what to run
on here three months ago you guys are
convinced you were gonna be able to run
in this tax cut in some ways the the the
news environment the issue environment
has shifted in some ways the president
has helped shifted with the tariffs
conversation but also the news that we
now have trillion-dollar deficits for
the foreseeable future I you and a lot
of other Republican incumbents ran on
the debt and now here you're having to
run for re-election with a
trillion-dollar deficit going forward
that's a tough thing to to sell voters
on what do you sell well how do you how
do you explain that well we're gonna be
talking about economic growth in the tax
reform package the tax cut package is
about economic growth and I think
economic growth can make some of that up
but we also need to be good fiscal
stewards that's why we're having a vote
on the balanced budget amendment and
frankly I've been an advocate of the
balanced budget amendment a long time
I'm gonna be an advocate of the balanced
budget amendment until we get it in the
Constitution no matter how it happens
whether it happens through the Congress
or through the states and I think that
what happens in Washington are the
things that have to happen and they're
quickly today yeah do you think it's a
good idea if Republicans in the House
have to vote again on whether to rescind
some of the spending that they voted for
just two months ago well I think you
know lots of presidents have sit
recisions back to Congress President
Obama did not do it very often neither
did george w bush but George HW Bush and
Bill Clinton did hundreds of them and
some of the recisions may not even have
been things that were in the bill we
just passed but their money that are
sitting in accounts that have been
appropriated that maybe we should take
away so I you know it doesn't
necessarily mean it's a direct change
from what we just passed but there's
money sitting there and if it's not
gonna be used or it doesn't make sense
or we think we shouldn't do it I'm Asian
's are an important part of what we can
do it sounds like it's a tough vote to
explain though maybe but it's I don't
think it will be when they when we
actually have the actual recisions
because we'd be talking about what those
items are and why we don't want to spend
on them
okay Steve Stivers NRCC chair
Republican from Ohio thanks for coming
on chair any of you sir appreciate it
thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
