tonight I'm obsessed with president
Trump's military strategy right now the
Syrian government must be wondering what
kind of response President Trump has in
mind to its suspected chemical weapons
attack on civilians as President Trump
lips are sealed because if there's one
thing he's made clear is that the key to
a successful military strike is not
letting the enemy know what you're
thinking why do we know this he told us
so himself
many many times my administration will
not Telegraph exactly military plans I
don't want to tell you I don't want to
tell you why do we have to announce it
I have plans that are so good but you
know what the day I announce it it's
worthless we have to be more
unpredictable you got to be
unpredictable unpredictable gun
predictably unpredictable you don't want
to give the answer because you give it
away everything they say what we're
going to do how we're going to do it I'm
not going to tell you anything about
what response I do I don't talk about
military response militarily I don't
like to say where I'm going and what I'm
doing
got that don't tell the other side what
you're thinking all of which makes
president Trump's tweet this morning
really confusing quote Russia vows to
shoot down any and all missiles fired at
Syria get ready Russia because they will
be coming nice and new and smart you
shouldn't be partners with a gas killing
animal who kills his people and enjoys
it
get ready Russia because they will be
coming Maidan president Trump oughta
listen to his own advice we'd be happy
to send him that date after all he is
his own best advisor he said so himself
we'll be right back hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
