I say this in gently your User Agreement
sucks you're you you can spot me 75 IQ
points if I can figure it out you can
figure it out the purpose that uses
their agreement is to cover Facebook's
rear end it's not to inform your users
about their rights now you know that and
I know that I'm gonna suggest to you
that you go back home and rewrite it
until you're 12 under dollar-an-hour and
lawyers no disrespect they're good but
but tell them you want it written in
English in non Swahili so the average
American can understand okay that was
good I think the problem though goes
beyond the User Agreement that's just me
but maybe not Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg testified before lawmakers
yesterday to address the company's
troubling scandals and he is set to
appear on Capitol Hill again today for
another round of questioning former FBI
special agent Clint Watts rejoins the
table and let's bring CNBC contributor
Tom Rogers into the conversation Thomas
former CEO of TiVo and former president
of NBC Cable he now serves as the
executive chairman of Wynn view he also
served as counsel to a congressional
committee so he knows the ins and outs
of Technology and the congressional
world also at the table we have chief
content officer at Hearst magazines
Joanna Coles my friend she's author of
the new book love rules how to find a
real relationship in a digital world and
by the end of this segment between my
friend Tom and my friend Joanna we're
gonna find a way to connect that love
rules with the Facebook story we're
gonna do it somehow we're gonna make it
happen I think we can but Tom let's
start with Mark Zuckerberg how to do
well it was 43 to one set up with a
firing squad yeah and he he avoided the
bullets there was a couple vacuum
moments what were the bullets well there
was there wasn't all that much fired
Adam I used to produce and I say produce
national hearings like this because
hearings like this are set up to be
moment political theater and somebody
like that supposed to take a lot of
lashes but he he got through it very
very well and I think that with almost
half to send it there it was looking
like most of them went to the George W
Bush Institute of the Google internet
education there was not a lot of
substance there Johanna he seemed like
he has seemed all along here a tad bit I
mean maybe this is all they can do at
this point very you know we were naive
we apologize I'm not sure that makes it
okay though when you have a massive
breach of trust do you know one of the
most fascinating things I think is to go
back and look at Mark Zuckerberg own
Facebook page when he was doing his tour
of America and he goes to all sorts of
cities and he talks to all sorts of
places and he sort of engages with
people in the most bizarre away so he
goes new visits firemen and I actually
took some some of the things he said he
said these officers do such important
work and it meant a lot to me to be able
to thank them in person he goes and he
says he's sorry two police departments
when they've had sort of problems with
riots and things you think what are you
doing why aren't you running your
company and it's the most with hindsight
it's the most fascinating document and I
think he spends a lot of time fighting
against the image of Jesse Eisenberg
portraying him in the social network
because as a whole we don't know the
CEOs a big guy it was right about you
know Tim Cook super private Mark
Zuckerberg was sort of exposed via
fiction brilliantly through Aaron Sorkin
and I think he's actually wrestling with
coming out from under that Wow okay Joe
yeah but Tom you say nobody laid it laid
a hand on him he was never even forced
to disavow what their standard operating
procedure was I mean you look at the
notes that were leaked out you look at
what his testimony and as one CMO told
me from a from a fortune 500 company
they don't sell ads they sell people and
they sell really in vase
of information about people that help
other corporations micro-target and
reach out and touch them so he could
have said he was sorry but he didn't say
they were gonna really change anything
did he
he said he'd agreed to a lot of changes
but there weren't many specifics there
and you have the essence of their
business down you know what he needed to
do here is get facebook out of the hot
seat because this is an industry issue
and Facebook's a player and a major
player but I think he was pretty
successful in getting this into a
broader stew with a lot of stakeholders
where Facebook can kind of get out of
the way I think even if there is
regulation here Facebook's likely to be
the winner of that because the more you
tighten up the rules on the kind of
micro targeting you're talking about Joe
where you have to go through Facebook
even more because they're sharing of
data with other apps is limited by some
kind of privacy regulation that's gonna
magnify not diminish their role as the
ultimate marketing player so by getting
this into a broader discussion where
Facebook isn't at the center I think he
wins and even if there's regulation I
think he wins and keeping Instagram out
of the fray where most people don't know
that Instagram is owned by Facebook and
Facebook on terms of usages declining
Instagram is gaining I think he was able
to keep Instagram pretty pristine which
was another win for him so Clint I was
watching this I was actually excited to
see what kind of debate would take place
in that room because they are such
critical questions about how we live our
lives now online you're somebody who's
in cybersecurity I felt to me like a
missed opportunity to have that
conversation with some of the line of
questioning what would you have liked to
have seen come out of there that didn't
the the senators that did better
yesterday boiled it down to core issues
one was you know Durbin said Zuckerberg
do you want to tell me where you were do
that hits home with the users people
were fascinated with this hearing
because everyone's on Facebook more so
than the Senators you know really right
and the thing that Zuckerberg had as an
advantage was he understands his
platform so
better than any of those individual
centers do you know what it with the
exception of Kennedy Graham and Durbin
you know it was really hard to see what
they were going at and then went in so
many different angles and what no one
said there was the pot in the kettle
argument the number one manipulator
after the Russians on Facebook was
political campaigns and politicians they
are the ones that seek out this micro
targeting and they're part of the
problems so you know I would have liked
to have seen a little bit more attention
a little bit too more debate but the the
Senators across the board need to
understand the system's better Joe you
know you know Joanna we're we it seems
like this year especially since the
election so many of us are just waking
up as as individuals and also as a
society waking up to the dangers to the
threats from Facebook from Alexa from
whatever technological advances that
we've made we're waking up to the
threats that that our world has changed
and so much about us is now known and
passed around and even the government
tells us if we make a cell phone call
chances are very good that other
governments are listening in to us you
your book which we we're going would
love to have you back on tomorrow or the
next day we're not going to talk about
it okay talks about though how for those
of us with 13 14 15 20 year old
daughters we have very much to fear
because this technological revolution
has also disrupted normal dating and in
many ways that that are very chilling
well digital has had a huge impact on
how we communicate with each other and
one of the reasons I wrote the book was
I was hearing from women who in Micah's
phrase were growing their value in all
aspects of their lives apart from their
love life and dating apps which have
enormous strengths in terms of actually
impacting and expanding your social
networks also make love feel very
transactional and then of course you
have the ubiquity of quite aggressive
often violent porn on cell phones and
you have an entire generation grow
up with this porn as their default sex
ed and so people are growing up in a
really different environment than they
were even 10 15 years ago so they can't
talk to their parents about it because
it's really different scene and I felt
we needed rules around our behavior
right other people have written about
how for men for younger men especially
you went from from traditional norms in
the 40s the 50s and even the early 60s
where sex was not cheap sex was you know
for a man he would go he would go to
college he would go to work he would
fight hard they do everything he could
do to earn a job and and be be
attractive to somebody else who would
marry him begin a courtship go through
this very long process now you and
others just talk about how sex has been
so cheapened that that 20 to 23 year old
boy
young man I've got older boys than that
even but that young man is now playing
video games can go on a dating app swipe
and either choose quick relationship or
just pornography and and it puts younger
women in especially difficult positions
well I think what what's happened is the
talk of love has fallen out of the
conversation the talk of passion has
fallen out of the conversation the ideas
relationships feel super transactional
women feel utterly interchangeable as
you swipe across apps and the book is
not remotely Allen T digital I mean
clearly digitally is here to stay it's
not a zero-sum game none of us and
giving up our phones we love our phones
but it's impacted the way we communicate
and also you have a millennial
generation who would rather stick
heroine Laden needles in their eyes than
ever talk to anybody on the phone so
people have lost the ability to
communicate one-on-one in in situations
or even in group situations they'd
rather retreat behind the screen and I
really think our sort of communication
between each other and we see it writ
large with the president it's in a
crisis mode so you in these on Fry
we're gonna go over these rules that
include you do not hold back alcohol is
not a food group respect your limits
hookups are like french fries porn is
like chewing gum look for relationship
role models there's the good the bad and
the ugly in there and we're going to
have you back Tommy what you you want to
bring this all together package
yesterday
sex porn and legislation the worst of
the worst use of the internet sex
trafficking and it took Congress three
years to finally pass something this
year related to the misuse of the
internet when it came to sex trafficking
sites that tells you how hard it is to
get consensus on legislation that's
going to pass and if you think what came
out of today yesterday and today's
hearing represents any kind of consensus
on massive issues which are a lot harder
to get people on than anti-sex
trafficking we got a long way to go Wow
so Clem okay that's Joe said should we
just wake up now to the reality that if
you put something online if you share
your data with it's out site like
Facebook or tinder it's out there yeah
and the idea that it's protected and the
idea that you're most closely guarded
secrets and personal information are
yours and yours alone just doesn't make
sense as Mark Zuckerberg explained to
those senators yesterday we have an ad
model the reason we have an ad model is
we don't want to charge a subscription
because we want everybody in the world
have access to this having an ad model
means the people advertisers get to know
what you like and they follow you around
Facebook that's just the way it is yeah
of all the enemies on social media the
number one enemy is you and your friends
you don't understand what you're doing
on the app you don't understand the
information you're sharing to her point
these dating apps the backbone of them
is Facebook you usually have to have
Facebook and another application to have
these supporting apps on it and they are
mining your preferences so that they can
get to these relationship Co hookups or
build preferences and unity across
platform you watch Europe Europe in two
months is implementing some really harsh
privacy regulations that draws the line
totally differently the number one thing
they're gonna do over there is when you
go on an app and you're asked to consent
if you say no you can still get on the
app
here if you say no that's it right you
can't play and if that goes into
practice there and creates a workable
line between commercialization and
privacy I think you're gonna see some
momentum for that same approach here
fascinating thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
