let's begin with Capitol Hill that news
about Paul Ryan joining me now MSNBC's
Garrett Haake Garrett we have seen this
long line of people deciding not to run
again now Paul Ryan what can you tell us
yeah Chris no name bigger than Paul Ryan
telling staff and friends and others in
Congress just recently that he has
decided he will not seek re-election
this year this is a big blow to the
Republican Party and their chances of
holding on to the house
in November Ryan has been a prolific
fundraiser and has despite had out
fractious the Republican Conference has
been largely been able to hold them
together on the big issues that they
were able to accomplish this year
remember in the house they passed their
Obamacare repeal bill they passed the
tax reform package that was something
that Ryan has championed for a very long
time and while we haven't gotten the
full readout of what went into his
decision tax reform has been an issue
that has driven him to Congress and
driven him through his congressional
career and getting that accomplished
likely does play into the decision to
not seek reelection in Wisconsin now
Ryan's been saying for months Chris that
this is a decision he makes every spring
in an election year he sits down with
his family and he talks about whether or
not he wants to give it one more go to
run for another term the filing deadline
in Wisconsin is in early June so we knew
that this was a conversation that had to
happen in the not-too-distant future and
it appears now that Ryan has made that
decision that he will not serve another
term in Congress remember Ryan also has
young children this is not an easy job
by any stretch of the imagination
especially when you put in as much
fundraising work on the side as Ryan has
done so a number of factors potentially
leading into this decision for the top
House Republican and arguably one of the
top three or four most powerful people
in government in the country announcing
he will not seek reelection Chris
incredible reporting Thank You Garrett
Haake let's go to Kathy Hunt who was
also on Capitol Hill for us I think in
the area of where we might be able to
see the speaker Casey
impossible to not look at this in the
context of what's going on overall you
have a white house that has been very
chaotic where you have key positions
that remain unfilled you have a house
and a Senate when more and more people
are deciding that they can't get
accomplished what they want to
accomplish but now as Europe rightfully
pointed out Paul Ryan give us your sense
of what's happening there well Chris
forgive me if I keep looking over my
shoulder here because this is where
you'll see typically or at least on a
normal week this is where we see Paul
Ryan come down the stairs to walk into
this conference meeting this is a usual
conference meeting that's held every
time the Republicans come back from
their weekend breaks but this is a
bombshell but in some ways an expected
one this had been a conversation that
had been ongoing and there were a number
of rumors and I'm told here that he may
be coming around the corner here so I'm
just gonna give you one second
mr. speaker why are you resigning so he
said he's not resigning that that
possibly of course could be a reference
to if he's not seeking re-election so
we're gonna wait and see what he tells
the conference here in a couple of
minutes but our source is telling us
that he does plan to not seek reelection
i when of course this reelection term
comes up in November this is a situation
where Paul Ryan was quite frankly
somebody who was a reluctant member of
this leadership team he stepped into
this job after being pushed to do it
after it became clear that he was really
the only person that would have the
votes to do it and he was pressed he
said look I want to I want to make sure
I can still see my family if I'm gonna
take this job I don't want to never see
my family and now of course the the
challenges for him in this job are
impossible to overstate it has become
almost an impossible task to wrangle the
Republican members of this conference
and you know for somebody like Paul Ryan
who's very young he's still early
relatively in his political career
dealing with this president an
extraordinarily challenging task this
something of a bet on both hey you know
I have a family to worry about I've got
three kids going to college and also
perhaps I want to set myself up for
something later on that will be more
productive for my own political career
you know Paul Ryan has never really been
a Donald Trump style Republican and he
has struggled with how to relate to this
president and he of course I spoke out
forcefully against him then you know
found that there were repercussions for
that came sort of back around on to
president Trump's team and was defending
him
regularly and you know we've seen that
you know from the podium at press
conference after press conference after
press conference him seeming to stand
behind Donald Trump Ryan confidants will
say that we didn't get the whole picture
publicly that behind the scenes he was
you know being a check basically on this
president and that he's not given enough
credit for that but at the end of the
day this a significant significant
shake-up here in Washington at a time
when so much Chris as you pointed out
is totally uncertain Casey hunt I know
you'll be standing there by that
conference meeting we'll have reaction
for us as the morning goes on thank you
for that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
