welcome back as we mentioned stormy
Daniels is cooperating with federal
investigators in connection with a
broader probe into attorney Michael
Cohen her lawyer Michael avenatti joins
us now so it strikes me that you've been
out there slugging away largely as a
one-man PR operation against the leader
of the free world
his lawyer whose offices and homes have
not been rated by the FBI making points
that some people have been skeptical of
but it seems that you've been proven to
be onto something when it comes to
Michael Cohen's conduct and his lawyer
well you know we don't just file a case
like this and go out on a speaking tour
without any substance behind this we're
not just making it up as we go along so
you know I will tell you that it's been
nice to see some of these things come to
fruition over the last seven to ten days
and it's been nice to hear a lot of the
pundits reverse course and have to
acknowledge that that's correct but
there were a lot of people that called
this you know publicity stunts that my
client was in it for the wrong reasons
that's now proven to be you know
completely false but but let me let me
say this I'm used to litigating very
high-profile cases against some of the
the best and the brightest in the United
States I mean lawyers at the top of
their field strategists the one thing
people ask me well what have you been
surprised about in connection with this
process this case and I will tell you
it's not surprised it's shocked the
level of competition on the other side
is pathetic
it's so Michael Cohen is a bad lawyer it
I just don't get it
I don't understand I mean it is shocking
that the President of the United States
and even before he was the president
United States you know a man who
trumpets his wealth and talks about you
know how great he is at the art of the
deal and and how great he is at
negotiation and business I don't
understand how you get to that place or
this place without people that actually
really know what they're doing mr. Trump
shouldn't be in this position he put
himself in this position because he
surrounded himself with weak players let
me go through some of the developments
because we haven't talked since the
president went to
lack of Air Force one at the end of the
last week and when he was asked about
the payment to your client stormy day I
know he said you're gonna have to ask
Michael Cohen what was the significant
of that statement in in terms of your
legal case well in connection with our
case it's clear and that is that you
can't enforce an agreement that you
claim you didn't know anything about and
so when the president basically admitted
that he did not know anything about the
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment that's a critical material term
of the agreement
what follows is he had to know about it
for her to be bound by the NDA with him
absolutely there's no question okay so
that was one year legal arguments she is
now in your view not bound by any sort
of non-disclosure agreement that she
made the unsigned NDA that you okay let
me go through something else that's
developed since we spoken I last talked
to you the morning after the sixty
minutes interview and it was the first
time that the country started talking
about potential campaign finance
violations it's been reported in the New
York Times in the Washington Post that
one of the things the FBI was looking
for in yester in Monday's raid was that
yesterday yes live in dog years um was
potential records to support that
investigation tell us where you are and
where and where you think that
investigation is well a couple things
first of all I think that proving a
campaign finance violation a felony
whether it be against Michael Cohen or
the president is going to be much much
easier than proving collusion with
Russia for a whole variety of reasons
you might be right okay all the way all
the witnesses are here there's not going
to be as much documentation there's not
going to be as much obstruction I just
think from a lawyer's perspective and
I've been saying this for a while and
people have been skeptical they're
starting to come across or come along
it's much much easier to prove so so
that's first of all second of all this
issue relating to the hundred and thirty
thousand dollar payment if the president
reimbursed either directly or indirectly
or had somebody else reimburse Michael
Cohen for the hundred thirty thousand
dollar payment that's a serious serious
problem and that's it likely a felony
campaign finance law that's a B even if
he didn't reimburse him but he knew
about it and he didn't make sure that it
was reported properly or he conspired
michael cohen to make sure that it was
off the books if you will that too is
going to pose a serious hero's problem
for mr. Trump and Michael Cohen and that
violation would only take potentially
Michael Cohen rolling over on the
president if Michael Cohen faced
significant criminal exposure and
someone said to me yesterday that
despite Michael Cohen saying he'd take a
bullet for the president not a lot of
people believe he'd be willing to go to
jail for the president what sort of you
know take me inside where you were and
what you thought when you got news of
this raid it broke actually right before
my 4:00 o'clock hour and it was a
stunning development that the
president's longtime personal attorneys
office at home have been rated what did
you think when you saw that news well
last Thursday I stated that I thought
that Michael Cohen was being placed in
the crosshairs and that that if events
developed that it could pose a very
serious problem because he would be
expected to take a lot of heat and have
to withstand a lot of pressure that's
exactly where he is right now he is
going to have to withstand a lot of heat
and a lot of pressure and let me let me
comment on one thing you said that you
know he whether he would be willing to
take a bullet it's one thing to tell
somebody you're gonna take a bullet for
him it's another thing when the bullets
actually in the chamber you think that's
where he is right now with the FBI
having raid it is I think that's it I
take the bullets in the chamber and I
think the safety is off
let me ask you two things because you
you've gotten a little bit of heat for
two things one the DVD that you've
posted what is that a DVD as well again
I'm not gonna answer I mean this this is
a long-term chess game we're not gonna
disclose everything we have and look I
like our record so far I like our record
over the last five weeks I think we've
made a number of pretty good moves in
this case and I think a lot of things
have come to fruition and we've got a
long road to go let me ask you about the
sketch that you I'm committed to
releasing and this was a sketch of the
potential suspect
I think one of the most haunting things
for any woman watching the your clients
interview on 60 minutes is the idea that
a man came up to her while she was with
her infant at a gym and threatened her
where are you in that investigation and
where is that sketch I have the sketch
stormy Daniels Miss Clifford sat down
with Lois Gibson who's a world-renowned
forensic artist based in Houston she has
the world record for the most
identification 'he's from sketches she's
incredibly talented she sat down with
her for an extended period of time an
accurate sketch has been compiled so
it's a creative delay the artists delay
no it's not it no it's not a creative
delay it's it's it's ready to go we've
been asked we were asked this morning to
delay the release of the sketch we were
prepared to release it to get law
enforcement purposes well I'm not gonna
get in I'm not at liberty to discuss who
asked us to do to delay it but we were
asked to delay it this morning and
that's what we're gonna do right based
on how the sketch turned out based on
what the artist conjured do names have
you seen names of who that person might
be we have made progress relating to
that identification process and we're
hopeful that at this point I'll tell you
this we may not need to release the
sketch so you think that the process of
stormy annals sort of describing the
person of the drawing being made was
sufficient to match up with some sort of
lineup or some sort of image do you
believe you know who the person was who
threatened her in the parking lot I
think we have some pretty good ideas and
here's what I'll say this is a very
dynamic very fast-moving case a lot has
happened in the last 36 hours that make
it possible that we may never need to
release that sketch and we're gonna see
what happens let me ask you just one
last sort of broader question did you
ever think you'd find yourself making
the rounds on cable news debating some
interesting folks on another shows never
on ours about the leader of the free
world a sexual encounter with your
client a porn star and and and did you
ever think you'd you know have your
phone ring and never know if it's
another woman calling to say hey me too
I I had a encounter with the president
and the botched NDA with Michael Kohn
can you help me I mean did you think you
would find yourself in this line of work
no I didn't and I think it I mean it's
been a very surreal process and we don't
know how it's gonna end I mean they look
it from a personal perspective I'll be
frank this could end really really well
or it could end really really badly but
one thing I hope that it does end with
and that is the truth thank you so much
for talking to us when you have that
sketch share it with us share with us
first
all right back up for like it's
available tomorrow at 4:00 or if you
know the suspect is that sounds like a
pretty big development that that you
think there's an identity and a name to
go with the person who intimidated your
client I think we're close hey there I'm
Chris Hayes remember
BC thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube
if you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
