there's long been obsessed with
celebrities but many celebrities not
feeling Trump and they're now boosting
the resistance joining students at the
March for our lives or you could find a
friend of the beat and star of Billy on
the street Billy Eichner out marching he
also stars a new American Horror Story
season with a trump themed plot and his
comedy has long walked that thin line
between arcane celebrity trivia and
trenchant punchlines exposing the
growing rot at the center of the
American experiment we call democracy
would you sign this goodbye card I would
love to sign this goodbye card here's a
pen we're saying goodbye to the freedom
of the press we are going to run through
an obstacle course today that takes us
on a tour of the United States of
America the more guns that you acquire
along the way the safer and more
American you become our joins me to talk
politics comedy and this glam midterms a
new push he has to encourage voter
turnout and fight Republicans and change
who turns out of course that was a key
part of Dems winning the Senate seat in
the red state of Alabama also Dems
electing Carter Lam in Pennsylvania a
state that Trump narrowly won forecasts
now have Democrats winning back the
house and we turn to Billy Eichner and
begin with the big question are the
Democrats surging because of your work
absolutely I was watching that and
thinking about what a hero I am
sometimes I'm so busy doing the work
that I forget you forget to reflect on
how much I have meant to American
democracy and you know the Republic in
general I've gone to a few museums
lately history and I just walked around
thinking Don I'm a great person I don't
have to be here you're you're very funny
you're known to be father thank you but
we did show that some of your punchlines
go to the dark place ha ha freedom of
the press is in danger
we're satirizing a very dark moment in
our history the way that many people are
and with Billy on the street for many
seasons that had been a very silly
absurdist riff on pop culture and pop
cultural obsessions but now culture and
politics are fully merged I believe and
so to not talk about that would would
make the show feel completely irrelevant
I think Ryan Murphy felt that way with
the prior season of American Horror
Story which I was on to I think a lot of
artists are feeling that way
but one of the reasons I wanted to do
the glam up the midterms campaign is
because it's an optimistic approach to
what's happening as opposed to something
that's just complaining and angry and
snarky you talk about that difference
because the cliche about any artist or
celebrity getting involved right is
maybe you don't know what you're talking
about but you seem to be channeling
feelings that a lot of people have and
you're obviously a good communicator you
tweeted as horrendous as I knew Trump
would be what's truly remarkable is he
somehow worse than I thought
yes and a lot of people in Washington
say that yes
well you know I guess like I say as I
said in the tweet as awful as I knew he
would be there was a more hopeful part
of me when he first got elected thinking
hey he's from Queens I grew up in Queens
I'm a New Yorker I've been aware of
Trump all my life because the first
thing I think would I see you re now you
just lost your GLAAD award by the way
that's what you were going for I don't
even know what you were talking about no
I don't know but but you know here
Queens seriously is the most diverse
borough in the most diverse city in the
world and I grew up in Forrest's those
Queens Trump and his dad grew up in
Queens as well and so there was a part
of me that thought maybe now that he has
the job and is getting all the press and
all the attention that he'll somehow
step up to the plate rightly more normal
yep you know and not as disturbing and
not as you know anti-american as I feel
that he is in terms of his values and
his choices but that's he he went
extreme in the opposite direction and
that I don't know I guess I was ignorant
or naive and I certainly was no
supporter of his but I I guess I hope
for something that I was wrong to hope
for one of the funny things you do on
your show is for $1 and we'd like to
play again with you okay for $1 Billy
name someone on Trump's cabinet who's
lasted over a year
Scott Pruett good for it I think I'm
sorry that because I you know I'm on a
couple of TV shows I don't know who's in
cabinet let me ask you a question who
was on Designing Women Oh exactly
wait designing women' was yeah very
smart sophisticated women in a group
setting yeah if I can name someone at
Trump's cab someone on designing
Bernhardt no she was okay I took a risk
wrong for a dollar who was gonna pay for
the border wall not me for a dollar what
is easier to buy in America an iPhone or
a gun oh I would imagine they're equally
easy to purchase actually and you find
that to use a Millenial word problematic
well I'm no millennial because I'm old
but I think that's very problematic we
did an obstacle course on Billy on the
street
long before what happened in parkland
and we just went through all the lack of
gun safety laws in almost every state in
the Union and it's just shocking you are
getting your first Netflix special I'm
doing a Netflix special yeah huge I love
watching comedy at Netflix it seems that
it's come much later in your career than
many other comics I was busy it was they
asked earlier yeah they were interested
for the first time they asked he came to
me I don't remember the date what is
this McCarthy hearings sorry Mel
but we're talking about my Netflix
comedy special I'm just about my glam up
the midterms event happening in San
Diego me and Will Ferrell is Ron
Burgundy laudible in San Diego you can
sign up head count org slash glam up
2018 the tickets are free but in order
to attend you have to either register to
vote or if you're already registered
sign up for election alerts by going to
that website headcount org slash glam up
2018 full disclosure I've always been a
fan of your comedy it is very
interesting to see you using your
platform to engage young people and get
all these people involved so it's it's
really awesome and Billy on the street
we always appreciate you doing I
appreciate you need some designing women
in your life do you want to hold it well
that's the thing we do we oh I held your
hand last
forgot your shading amount of time you
do simply interviews when can I meet
Rachel Maddow I promise if you do yeah
five to seven more periods is on the
beat we will we'll work on that's all I
have to do not worth it Billy Eichner
thank you for being here thank you hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
