they're raiding his residence they're
raiding his hotel room they're raiding
his offices here and 30 rock just a
couple of floors below us it seems
they've got to have something major on
him how boxed in is he right now
boxed in I think what's more significant
is the fact that they opted for a raid
as opposed to a just a subpoena for
documents a subpoena allows the attorney
or whoever this receives the subpoena to
do the collecting himself to sift
through and if he's an attorney
take the privileged stuff put it aside
take the stuff that's responsive and
bring it to the FBI when the FBI uses a
raid like this that tells us that they
believed and considered a subpoena but
thought we don't trust this individual
with a subpoena to look for the
documents himself we need to do it
ourselves and go in there without notice
so that documents don't have a way of
poof vanishing so obviously there's
gonna have a lot of implications for the
Muller investigation since as we
understand from the reporting they were
the driving force behind this but let's
talk about what this means for the civil
litigation for stormy Daniels this case
what's the significance of this on that
as we heard from Michael avenatti say
you know he made references to all kinds
of other reasons why he was suspicious
of Michael Cohen's activities it's very
significant because some of the
allegations in both the civil case in
the criminal case aligned so that if the
FBI was able to convince a magistrate a
judge that there's probable cause that
fruits of a crime exist at say his
office it related to the stormy Daniels
case then that tells us that there is
some very suspicious activity afoot
even in the civil case of stormy Daniels
and when things like this happened a
civil lawyer like avenatti
sits back relaxes and waits to see what
the criminal investigation uncovers
because that's often something that can
be used in the civil case to make out
his burden of proof sometimes the
government does your work for you how
rare is it for an attorney's office to
be rated it's rare but it's not unheard
of the US Attorney's manual actually has
a specific section addressing what
when you rain or execute a search
warrant on the offices of of an attorney
because attorneys have clients who are
protected by privilege and while a
search warrant doesn't
while the attorney-client privilege
itself doesn't implicate any
constitutional rights if they interfere
with the right to effective counsel that
is a constitutional right so what
happens is they have and believe it or
not it's called a taint team a group of
attorneys and FBI agents that are
separate from the underlying
investigation and they go in sort of
surrounded by this bubble and the idea
is they can look at these privileged
documents they will keep it away from
the agents on the underlying
investigation and they will make a
determination whether or not this
document is privileged this document is
not privileged this documents of maybe
and they'll sift through it and try to
figure out which documents the
government shouldn't have but it's sort
of a circular argument when you think
about it the whole idea of privilege is
that you can keep certain documents and
communications away from third parties
particularly away from law enforcement
yeah so how does law enforcement review
those same documents to determine what
documents they never should have seen
and by the way make sure to read Danny's
piece on attorney-client privilege on
nbcnews.com so there is
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
