we've got a lot going on but we can add
it and again again again I'll say it one
last time before we got a break the
person who went through that process who
executed this who was calling for this
was not Robert Muller
it was Rudy Giuliani's former law
partner who Giuliani got appointed to
the Southern District of New York as the
prosecutor this was a Trump man a Trump
contributor and a Giuliani man who
executed this and this search warrant
this is his doing it was not Robert and
Muller's doing and there is nothing
Donald Trump can say there's no lies
that he can try to spread that will
change that fact thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
