and thanks to her home for joining us
this hour I did have a whole different
show planned for tonight we'll do it
tomorrow
things happen you know beat up roll off
I'm trying to be a duck about this I'm
trying to be a Zen duck beat up roll off
just let it go
all right we're gonna start tonight with
an important thing to know about the FBI
raids on the home office and hotel room
of the president's personal lawyer
Michael Cohen since Robert Muller was
appointed to be special counsel
investigating the Russian attack on our
presidential election and the question
of whether any Americans were in on that
crime from the very start robert Muller
has been willing to use fairly
aggressive tactics to get his hands on
information and evidence and even people
that he and his team think are relevant
to their investigation there was
famously the no-knock search warrant
that the Moller team executed on former
trump campaign chair Paul man affords
house in Virginia that was in the wee
hours of the morning one day last summer
they picked the lock he stormed in they
took binders full of documents and
computer files Paul Manafort first
noticed that they were there was when
they knocked on his bedroom door because
they didn't knock on the front door and
then once they knocked on the bedroom
door they came in and photographed his
expensive suits in his closet for
evidence the special counsels team also
got a search warrant in May of last year
for a storage locker that belonged to
Paul Manafort according to a new court
filing from manna Forte's lawyer the way
the FBI got access to that storage
locker in the first place is they got a
former employee of Paul Manafort who had
a key to that storage facility he got
that and they got that employee to open
up the storage locker for them then once
Mueller's agent saw what was in that
storage locker they went to a judge got
a search warrant and then carted it all
away we don't know if that's actually
how that went down that's how mana forts
lawyers say it went down in their new
court filing mana forts lawyers are
actually asking the judge in that case
to suppress the evidence that was taken
from that storage locker because they
say that former employee had no right to
open it up in the first place and so
that's something that judge is gonna
have to rule
but clearly Muller's team has been
aggressive in executing warrants and
conducting searches when it comes to
Paul Manafort and others I mean just on
Friday we learned that the special
counsel has kept on executing new search
warrants related to manna fort right up
through just a few weeks ago even though
manna forts already standing trial in
two federal jurisdictions on dozens of
felony charges as of last month they
were still executing new warrants
against him that said when Moeller first
charged manna fort he did at least allow
him to turn himself in at the local FBI
office and then walk right back out
again Trump campaign foreign policy
adviser George papadopolis was not so
lucky
molars team stopped him and arrested him
right after he got off a plane at Dulles
Airport in Washington I held him
overnight in a cell they took him to
court the next morning and there was
also George nadir a frequent Trump White
House visitor and ex-con on child porn
charges reported advisor to the United
Arab Emirates now reportedly a
cooperating witness for the Muller
investigation
he too was stopped by FBI agents working
for Willers team they reportedly stopped
him at the airport at Dulles Airport
searched his electronics served him with
a subpoena to testify to the grand jury
eventually he became a cooperator also
an Australian businessman who reportedly
knows George nadir he also was
reportedly stopped by Muller's team at
an airport and had his electronics
seized a right-wing writer guy who once
lobbied for a job in the Trump
administration said just within the last
two weeks that he too was detained by
Muller's team in his case at Logan
Airport in Boston
there are also apparently several
Russian oligarchs who have been stopped
and questioned by FBI agents working
with Muller's team including at least
one oligarch who had his plane and his
personal electronics searched when he
landed at a New York area airport in his
private jet just last week molars
investigators showed up unannounced on
the doorstop of some unnamed business
associate of the Trump Organization they
were reportedly armed with subpoenas
compelling electronic records and
testimony from that business associate
of the Trump Organization so we know
that Robert molars off is a special
counsels office has done all of these
things right a no-knock pre-dawn search
warrant arresting people as they step
off of planes showing up at people's
private planes and their houses and
their offices with subpoenas to seize
their phones and seize their computers
and seize their records and that's what
we've seen from them so far before today
that does not appear to be what just
happened today with Michael Cohen the
president's longtime personal attorney
Michael Cohen did have his New York
office raided today along with a hotel
room that was apparently his temporary
home he's staying at a hotel while his
apartment is being renovated I think New
York Times is first to report today that
the FBI raided Cohen's office quote
ceasing business records emails and
documents related to several topics
including payments to a pornographic
film actress that would be the hundred
and thirty thousand dollars that Cohen
says he paid two adult film star store
meet the annuals right before the 2016
election in order to keep her quiet
about an extramarital affair she says
she had with Donald Trump now
as to why Cohen's office got raided The
Washington Post was first to report
today that Cohen is under federal
investigation for possible bank fraud
wire fraud and campaign finance
violations investigators took Cohen's
computer phone and personal financial
records as part of the search of his
office at Rockefeller Center in New York
City which incidentally is where I sit
right the second quote the broad seizure
collected communications between Cohen
and his clients including some with
Trump so in this case while we know that
Moeller's team has been happy in the
past happy since the start of this
investigation to execute warrants and
searches anywhere even at very
inconvenient times and at very
unexpected places this doesn't appear to
be that same thing this doesn't fit that
pattern because what happened today
Michael - Michael Cohen doesn't appear
to have been done by Muller's team these
raids today on these premises controlled
by Michael Cohen
appear to have come about thanks to a
referral from Robert Muller's team a
referral from Muller's team to the US
Attorney's office in Manhattan in the
Southern District of New York so it
appears that molars prosecutors may have
come across something in the course of
their investigation they may have either
concluded themselves or more likely been
told that that something was outside the
scope of their investigation in the
special counsel's office but that matter
still deserved to be pursued as a
potential criminal issue and so they
passed it on to the federal prosecutor
in the jurisdiction where Michael Cohen
lives and works and presumably where he
banks so this wasn't molar steam this
was a referral from molars team to a
local prosecutor both the the the the
federal prosecutor in the locality where
Cohen is we think we know of only one
other instance in which the molar
investigation has led to something like
this that what time it was about Paul
Manafort it related to some unusual
loans that were extended to Paul
Manafort
right after he left the Trump campaign
over fifteen million dollars in loans to
Paul Manafort from a small regional bank
in Chicago that seemed to have no
business making those kind of loans that
that that bank in Chicago was set up to
benefit military veterans Paul man apart
is not a veteran the loans to him also
represented almost a quarter of the
bank's total loanable assets why would
they give away a quarter of the wasn't
the president of the bank turns out to
have been a trump campaign adviser so
odd NBC News reported though that though
the Special Counsel team looked at those
loans they didn't see any connection to
their investigation in the special
counsel's office and so they referred
that case to the US attorney for the
Southern District in New York they
referred that case to the federal
prosecutor in Manhattan and of course
it's not like the molar investigation
you know Muller and his team stopped
looking into metaphor they were still
then and are still going after Manta
fort on a gazillion other charges and in
fact when evidence later turned up that
loans from that little Chicago bank to
man for it they might have been a quid
pro quo they might have been those loans
might have been extended to mana for in
exchange for promises to the Chicago
banker that he can get a big job in the
Trump administration well when that
evidence emerged then mother steam
reportedly started looking at those
loans again themselves in light of that
new information to see if maybe they
wanted to Unruh fir that case maybe they
wanted to bring that back under their
purview so that one thing involving
those little that little bank in those
loans to manna fort right after the
election that's the only other time we
know of that's something like this has
happened on a particular matter
molars prosecutors came across something
they thought was potentially criminal
but not within their remit at the
special counsels office so they kicked
it out to a part of the Justice
Department that's outside the special
counsel's office for them to pursue on
their own that appears to have happened
for a second time today with Michael
Cohen now that seems important at least
in terms of us understanding the
importance of what happened today it
seems like a helpful distinction to
grasp because there are definitely
things that Michael Cohen is known to
have been involved in that could
conceivably be within the Muller
investigation in October 2015
Trump signed a letter of intent to
pursue a Trump Tower Moscow even while
he was insisting publicly that he had no
business deals in Russia that was a
project that was spearheaded by Michael
Cohen and a Trump business associate
who's a convicted felon named Felix
aider
according to emails obtained by the New
York Times last year sader wrote to
Michael Cohen about the project quote
our boy can become president of the USA
and we can engineer it I'll get all of
Putin's team to buy in on this I will
manage this process I'll get Putin on
this program and we will get Donald
elected a few months later in January
2016 Michael Cohen not kidding wrote
directly to Vladimir Putin's office
seeking Vladimir Putin's help with the
Trump Tower Moscow project reached out
to Putin's spokesman we don't know if
you ever heard back so there's that
involving Michael Cohen there was also
the Russia sanctions relief
that michael cohen appears to have
hatched with felix seder and with a
pro-russia ukrainian lawmaker a plan to
try to get rid of american sanctions on
russia while russia also got to keep
crimea which would be a great deal for
russia depending on what day you ask
michael cohen about that russian
sanctions plan that he helped cook up he
either delivered that incredibly
even-handed proposal to then National
Security Advisor Mike Flynn at his desk
in the White House or maybe Michael
Cohen just delivered that plan right to
his home trashcan depending on which
angle you ask him from you might get a
different answer as to what became of
that Russia related plan that he was
involved with so the FBI is now rated
Michael Cohen there couple of Russia
related things where you can imagine
Michael Cohen coming under the special
council's purview as he looks into the
Russian matter but this raid really
could be anything reports on the rates
of Cohen's office in his hotel room
today are careful to point out that
while it appears to be related to the
hush money payment to stormy Daniels it
could absolutely involve other matters
as well Michael Cohen pops up in all
sorts of random Trump stuff that might
conceivably have criminal implications
that the Southern District of New York
might want to execute an office rate for
I mean yeah there's that hundred and
thirty thousand dollars paid to the porn
star that set off all kinds of red flags
at the financial institutions that it
was routed through and it also raises
questions about potential campaign
finance violations if that payment was
made to try to influence the election
then there's the matter of a playboy
model not stormy Daniels different lady
who also claimed to have had an
adulterous relationship with Trump she
also got paid 150 grand for not speaking
about her story she now contends that
contract that she signed in that matter
was fraudulent because the guy who she
thought was her lawyer in that matter
secretly behind the scenes was working
with Michael Cohen it was also that time
Michael Cohen threatened a reporter who
is digging into different allegations
against Trump telling the reporter quote
I will make sure that you and I meet one
day and I will take you for every penny
you still don't have and I will come
after your Daily Beast and everybody
else that you possibly know so I'm
warning you
tread very effing lightly because what
I'm going to do to you is going to be
effing disgusting I'm gonna mess up your
life or as long as you're on this
frickin planet
end quote I mean while we're going down
the run down but hey back in the day I
should tell you Michael Cohen also lied
to me I do us at the show about an
environmental cleanup legal matter at a
place that Don jr. used own I mean it
really could be anything but what we
know tonight is that Michael Cohen's
office and his hotel room have been
raided by the FBI under the direction of
prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York working on a case referred to
them from the special counsels office
it's a big deal for a couple of reasons
first no-knock search warrants are
usually only carried out when
prosecutors have reason to believe that
other less intrusive methods won't work
so prosecutors in this case presumably
had to convince a judge that just
subpoenaing these records that they want
wouldn't be enough they had to go grab
them had to go get them with a search
warrant this is also important because
this appears to have been a referral
from the special counsels office we're
hearing tonight that if that's the way
this went down a lot of people at
various levels of the Justice Department
would have had to sign off on this up to
and including the Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein stick a pin in
that we will come back to it it's
important
third seizing records from a lawyer's
office is really complicated lots of
things are covered by attorney-client
privilege including perhaps records in
Cohen's office relating to his service
as president Trump's personal lawyers so
the FBI and prosecutors have to proceed
with a lot of caution here Michael
Cohen's lawyer this evening issued a
statement that read in part quote the
decision by the US Attorney's Office in
New York to conduct their investigation
using search warrants is completely
inappropriate and unnecessary it
resulted in on the unnecessary seizure
of protected attorney-client
communications between a lawyer and his
clients so there's all sorts of reasons
this rate is both fascinating and
potentially important today but of
course the primary reason this is such a
big deal is that the President of the
United States
just had the office of his personal
lawyer rated by federal agents and that
doesn't happen every day that doesn't
even happen every lifetime that doesn't
even happen once a country tonight the
president surrounded by his senior
military leadership called these raids
by his own Justice Department a break-in
he said quote I just heard that they
broke into the office of one of my
personal attorneys a good man
it's a disgraceful situation and then he
openly mused about the possibility of
firing the Special Counsel Robert Muller
joining us now is tomm winter reporter
with the NBC News investigations unit
who's been following this all day Tom
appreciate your time tonight thank you
thank you so the first thing that I
thought when I heard about this today
was what this is in the building and we
didn't see it not where we're we are in
Rockefeller Center we got no footage of
the raid under way no it was a kudos to
the FBI they did not call up ahead of
time and say hey you guys may want to
get a camera over here so no we did not
know about this when the agents of first
showed up here at the building today and
presumably they were able to enter and
leave and conduct their business without
without us noticing here and nobody else
had a picture of it so so yeah they were
able to do their job and in terms of
what in terms of the way this was
executed we've been advised today that
and Cohen's lawyers making the case
listen you could have just asked you
could ask for these documents you could
have subpoenaed these documents we've
been cooperating along why a search
warrant do we have any indication of why
a search warrant why it was done this
way well sure and according to the US
Attorney's manual they the first thing
that you're supposed to do is ask the
the first thing that you're supposed to
do what involves an attorney is say hey
can we get these documents may be
following up with a subpoena but at some
point if you're a federal investigator
or a federal prosecutor you say you know
what we may not be getting the full
story here or based on documents that
they've received in other parts of this
investigation they may have said hey
we're not getting everything from
Michael Cohen that we know that he has
and so we need to go to a judge present
some probable cause here and say hey
we're not getting everything that we
need and we have reason to believe that
he has files communications media
something on his computer or computers
that we need to have a look at because
otherwise we're not going to get that
material through a lawful subpoena so at
that point they have to go and get a
search warrant
does it send a message a lot of people
like to look at the theater of this you
know I think anytime that you have
somebody come in to your property or to
wherever is your realm and say we're
taking physically taking some of your
stuff and you have nothing to say about
it because the Constitution protects our
ability to go in and get this warrant
and get the material that a judge
approves yeah that probably sends a
message but it's more a fact of
prosecutors here who are very good in
the public corruption unit that's
involved in this with the New York FBI
field office this particular US
Attorney's Office which is prosecuted
both Democrats and Republicans is an
office that is known for being very
thorough and if they went in this was an
effort to get all the documents that
they think that they can get their hands
on that can help them with this
investigation there is there is the
matter the fact that this was a lawyer's
office some would just some logistics on
that right that's a deal that so Michael
Cohen for a long time was a Trump
Organization employee he is no longer a
Trump Organization employee as far as we
know he had an office still operating as
essentially a solo practitioner he had
an office in another law firm that was
located in this building yes they
described their relationship with
Michael Cohen as a strategic partnership
some sort of strategic alliance where he
was working in an office in their firm
without being part of their firm today
that law firm announced that
relationship has come to an end they say
they're in touch with the special
they're in touch with prosecutors and
they're cooperating in this matter
presumably there's I mean presumably you
don't want anybody working in your
office is getting raided by the FBI
exactly it's just inconvenient but the
prosecutors have to take incredible
incredibly specific steps to make sure
that they're not infringing on
attorney-client privilege when they do
something like that they absolutely do I
mean first off you've got this right
here this is just a portion out of three
or four pages here from the US
Attorney's manual this is just a portion
of what they have to do these are the
premises of subject attorneys subject
attorneys exactly so that's just a
little bit of what they have to go
through in order to get approval to it
they actually have to submit this form I
redacted the information but they have
to submit this form to the to the
Justice Department to their headquarters
in Washington DC or main justice as the
is the saying goes so they've got to get
all sorts of approval all sorts of sign
offs to be able to do this and then when
they
get those communications or they get the
results of today's search then they have
to set up a team and it's going to be an
entirely separate team that's going to
look at these communications and say
okay guys we know what the scope what
the judges approved here we know the
scope of what you can get and then
they'll hand over those communications
to the actual trial team because what
they need to protect in this case is for
the people that are actually going to
bring this potential case to trial
should he be prosecuted that team can't
be aware of any sort of communications
that occurred as it related to
attorney-client privilege but if there
were communications and this is where
this whole attorney-client privilege
thing goes right out the window if there
were communications that were some sort
of a furthering of a fraud or covering
up a crime those communications are not
privileged and those are the type of
communications that would be made
available to prosecutors federal agents
for them to continue their investigation
to possibly continue their case and one
day possibly bring charges so they'll
have a team look at material that Cowan
might say is privileged and you may say
some of that yeah you think it's
privileged but that's actually you got
you negotiating a crime with your client
we're gonna hand that exactly that's
going to the other side of the wall but
some of that other communication that
may relate to to Trump's communications
and on all sorts of matters most of what
you've just discussed those are gonna
say on the other side of the wall Tom
winter reporter with NBC News
investigations unit thank you for
helping us understand I do it can I keep
this yes thank you very much all right
much more head stairs hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
