for the FBI rate of the office of
president jobs longtime personal heir
Michael Cohen marks the confluence of
two scandals for president Trump Robert
mowers investigation into Russian
election meddling and the ongoing
controversy surrounding Cohen's 130,000
dollar payment to adult film actress
stormy Daniels president Trump addressed
the news at the White House a short time
ago and it's a disgrace it's frankly a
real disgrace it's a an attack on our
country in a true sense it's an attack
on what we all stand for so when I saw
this and when I heard it I heard it like
you did I said that is really now at a
whole new level of unfairness for
mourning their reaction inside the White
House i'm chubbing robert Costin
national political reporter for The
Washington Post Robert a whole new level
of unfairness sounds to me like he's
setting himself up to act White House
officials tell me tonight that they saw
that pool spray is a necessary venting
session for the president to get his
thoughts out there as he's been watching
television all afternoon just before he
has dinner with military leaders he's
frustrated and his aides feel rattled
this was a curveball
well this going into the president's
papers basically going into his fixer
lawyers for papers this goes back net
several years anything he did in
business it's all sitting now in the
hands of the FBI House Trump's a psychic
reaction to that it's not just about his
psychic reactions about the legal
reaction he has a limited legal team at
this moment his lawyer ty Cobbs been
spotted at the White House but John Dowd
resigned just a few weeks ago and so
they're worried that Jay Sekulow and Ty
Cobb won't be enough for the president
to handle this kind of escalation with
the Muller probe
how's he find out what's in that cash
today how's he know it was taken by the
FBI can Michael Cohen tell him what he
thinks was taken how will they do what
they know he knows that a Cohen has been
his attorney for so long but he's been
watching it on television and he knows
that Cohen's office over at Rockefeller
Center has records going back decades
what Cohen's job is not to figure out
the fine and fine qualities of the law
or of different provisions of
legislation his problem in this
challenge is to fix problems we know
that from is it exactly right
pay off women to be blunt about it his
job is to keep people quiet
it's to get stuff put in newspapers to
will never run them to catch and kill it
it seems to me there's an intra there's
a treasure-trove here for those where
the reporters or lawyers trying to find
out what Trump did wrong over the years
including his business relations
involving New York real estate which is
always murky everybody knows that and
who what politicians he's had to deal
with what money's had to pay to
underworld people we don't know but it's
all apparently potentially in that trove
grabbed by the Baron today you got a
clear insight because when you met
Michael Kohn years ago when I started to
cover him he was always the president's
personal lawyer personal matters
President Trump when he was a
businessman had a different level lawyer
different kind of lawyer for real estate
different kind of level lawyer for
finance Cohen was the really the best
friend the attorney the political aide
the media consultant so if you put him
under sodium pentathol you'd get it all
wouldn't you you get everything going
back from whenever Cohn started this is
someone who was a confidante in Trump
Tower always there on the 26th floor
you're a great reporter Robert a knife
said that a hundred times I'll say it
again but one thing you understand is
humanity
how does Trump compartmentalize Bill
Clinton with much less to worry about
what compartmentalize and he'd give his
speech on health care with all the
Monica stuff hanging over his head can
Trump do that his aides say he's very
frustrated tonight they want him to
compartmentalize and they keep telling
him the lawyers don't necessarily sit
down with Bob Muller because that would
escalate this even more and the two
things they're worried about Chris right
now is he thinks this all through
tonight at the White House and has
dinner is he going to sit down now with
Muller for an interview is this gonna
prompt him to do that and it's he gonna
ever consider in the next few days
firing Bob Muller or deputy AG rod
Rosenstein has some kind of reaction to
this situation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
