let's talk about Facebook Mark
Zuckerberg showing up on a hill if you
were there questioning him what would
you ask him because remember not just
the last year the last administration
Facebook and the social media universe
has been a darling in Washington not not
just because of lobbying dollars but we
were talking about Sheryl Sandberg and
Mark Zuckerberg those two possibly
running for office not that long ago
well one I would restrain myself that
just because Mark Zuckerberg is not a
particularly popular character and is
not handled as well I would not want it
to motivate me to be more aggressive on
the issue than otherwise I think though
that I should because here's the real
answer to what I think we should do in
this situation I've never said this
before in all my years of public life
soccer to us I don't know I'm just not
sure and my greatest concern would be
that we rush to do something I know I
feel strongly about foreign governments
interfering in the debate I know I feel
strongly about computer driven
communication without a person behind
that I can see a reason to regulate that
beyond that it is really regrettable if
these companies can't self-regulate
enough in a way that the government has
to come in itself and regulate social
media it may be necessary but it really
is regrettable and I least give them a
shot one more shot to self-regulate
somehow before we do that there's
something beautiful though about I don't
know because whether we're talking about
government which clearly didn't and I
don't blame them for moving as quickly
as technology did or Mark Zuckerberg
himself he created a behemoth that
really has only been on the world stage
for the last few years he didn't know it
was going to get this big and this out
of control but I want to share what
we've already heard from some lawmakers
because this is a Republican Senator
John Kennedy said just yesterday we've
got to talk about the initial bargain
who owns my data do I own it or his
Facebook on it the service agreement
with Facebook it's written in Swahili
nobody understands it he brings up a
fair point
yeah absolutely I think that senators
need to ask Mark Zuckerberg
are the American people and people
throughout the world the consumers or
are they the product because if they're
just using us to sell our data to other
firms that they can use that's a big big
violation of the trust and it goes
against what it goes against book is not
a public service it's not a partner we
use it for free day in and day out
really damning thing for Facebook wasn't
the Kay borange analytical stuff it was
a report from ARS technica that came out
just after that said Facebook had said
they had removed paying attention what
you were doing on your Android phone but
the reporter himself was able to
download his entire call history his an
entire text message history long after
Facebook was doing this Facebook for
time and time again and other social
media companies have come out and said
we're sorry we're gonna do better for
one issue or another and they've been
completely unable to so how is Mark
Zuckerberg responding to coming to
Congress he's hired a team of outside
experts to train him on how to do it
because he doesn't want to look too
defensive because nobody's gonna be his
friend in the Senate tomorrow and I
think that it's going to be a big
problem but it gets to an even bigger
problem here which isn't just social
media we have not written our digital
privacy laws the next 20 years we're
going to see tons of court cases where
digital privacy is at the forefront who
owns our information Republicans use
that information to target advertising
same with Democrats same with
corporations and we are getting that
from all of these different companies
Facebook it's about writing digital
privacy laws for all of us well part of
it is identifying and the privacy is one
of it the other part of it is spreading
fake news right and part of it is
identifying that so you've got a couple
of guys from Berkeley who decided that
they wanted to do this you have somebody
else who had great jobs at high-tech
companies who decided he was going to
leave them to go work for the dnc
because he's sitting at home on
inauguration day and saying we have to
do something about the influence of fake
news on our democracy having said that
that study from MIT is critical let's
say somehow you eliminate BOTS and
technically right now there are the
early stages of trying to figure out how
to control fake news it's the human
factor it makes you feel good when you
get more retweets more
comments on Facebook and it's more
likely to happen if it's something
incendiary or juicy and that's often
saying one problem was
who's the who are the people who are
determining what fake news is what and
what's that well there's one other force
at work here the more powerful in the
Senate if you're at a Facebook table
today you're talking about what's going
on with our users I don't care what
Zuckerberg says my guess is people are
dropping at hand-over-fist
talking to your staff out here at
Stephanie you mentioned Facebook they
look at your cross-eyed it's like you
said you were on AOL in the year 2000
okay that's what they use Instagram and
Facebook owns Instagram thank you so
much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
