nor the bushes or Obama all of our
presidents before have for some reason
they just it just got worse and worse
and now it's 500 billion dollars in
deficits and a theft of 300 billion
dollars in intellectual property so you
can't have this
now we could the easiest thing for me to
do which we just closed my eyes and
forget it if I did that I'm not doing my
job so I'm not saying there won't be a
little pain but the markets gone up 40%
42% so we might lose a little bit of it
but we're gonna have a much stronger
country when we're finished and that's
what I'm all about actually the easiest
thing for him to do week would be to
make up numbers out of whole cloth just
grab him out of the air make him up say
I'm on the radio and that's exactly what
he good no not five hundred no that
anyone president Trump on Friday
acknowledged the potential impact on
Americans from his ongoing tariff battle
with China Asian markets rose this
morning despite growing concern over
declines on Wall Street Dow Jones
Industrial Average closed down by five
hundred and seventy two points on Friday
amid the trade dispute between the US
and China
Axios reports that President Trump
sparked the battle over tariffs with
little planning quote there wasn't one
single deliberative meeting in which
senior officials sat down to debate the
pros and the cons of this historic
threat Trump didn't even ask for advice
from his new top economic advisor Larry
Kudlow chief of staff John Kelly knew
Trump wanted more tariffs but was
blindsided by the speed of the
announcement and legislative affairs
director Mark short the White House's
liaison to Capitol Hill it's totally in
the door I think I think Larry Kudlow
has been doing the best that he can do
when he was asked him honest answers and
he's I mean I think he's actually
actually done it again not easy that be
in there it's very difficult position
and tried to balance it and try to
reassure the market say we're just
posturing this is just we're negotiating
right now
is what the markets need to hear joining
us now for this conversation is
congressman Jim Rene si of Ohio good to
have you with us we also have Steve's
charts ahead we're getting a mid
congressman we found a fiscal
conservative wait so we brought you in
you actually did vote against the
biggest spending bill of all time that
nobody read yeah well again when you get
a bill the night before and it's 2,200
pages it's difficult for me to vote for
something like that it was kind of funny
as I was walking out the Capitol when
the reporters walked up to me and said
did you know such-and-such was in a bill
I go look I'm not sure what all was in a
bill and that was one of the reasons
well there were some good things in
there there was some bad things been in
the end I can't read that so that's what
we conservatives have always complained
about don't give us bills that we can't
even read to see what's in there and yet
that's what the Republican leadership is
doing why well publicans Democrats both
have done it it's a problem it came down
to not being able to get something done
in time so they pushed it through there
was four or five people that negotiate
it in the end it's very difficult for
somebody who's representing you know one
sixteenth of Ohio to just say well okay
I'm going to go along with it I'm I was
a business guy for almost three decades
I'm gonna talk a person who wants to see
it read it understand it before I vote
for you understand the president's
tariff plans well I understand what he's
doing he as he said he can't we just
can't wait any longer so again remember
Ohio has a lot of issues when it relates
to tariffs we have steel we need to make
sure that our steel industry is growing
but we also have you know we have
agriculture which is an issue of
manufacturing so I'm glad to see look
this president casts up a large net out
there and then he pulls it back in and
and these are negotiations that are
going on I know people get a lo
uncomfortable so you think they're just
you you think he's just sort of
negotiating now to I think it's I think
it's a starting point you'll see at the
end remember when the terrorists first
came out there was a big shock and then
now we've pulled it back we've excluded
China with its clue to Canada we've
excluded Mexico we're starting to pull
things back but in the end we do have a
problem with China and we got to do
something there so Steve take us through
your charts on the trade issue with
China what exactly is the issue so look
I think we would all agree that we have
a trade problem with China and with some
other places I think the leading that
you read in terms of how this unfolded
and
would say congressman I think the way
this has been handled is pretty much
about as bad a ways you can handle a
serious problem so let's take a look at
the problem and let's start with China
Joe mentioned that Trump doesn't always
tell the truth about these things so
we'll show you some facts so first if
you go all the way back to the 1980s we
essentially had no trade with China was
a very closed economy and then in 2001
they were admitted to the World Trade
Organization and got preferential tariff
treatments on their on their goods and
services and so what happened from there
was basically our imports exploded our
exports went up a little bit and that
500 billion dollar deficit that Trump
talked about is actually 375 all right
so Steve but explained the imports and
explained what that line means when it
comes to low-cost goods for American
consumers when they go into Walmart well
this is one of the things people forget
about in this current debate where they
talk about the price of soybeans and how
bad it is for North Dakota all of which
I'm very sympathetic to but would you
like to pay $100 more for your iPhone
because if we go down this road and keep
putting tariffs on imports these 25%
tariffs or whatever that's what's going
to happen so we've had an enormous
benefit from low-cost Chinese goods but
it's come at a high cost in terms of a
three hundred and seventy five billion
dollar deficit and lots of lost jobs in
important places like China if you take
a look at the overall situation you'll
see that China is the biggest part of
our problem they are 50% of our trade
deficit but they are not the only part
of our problem Mexico which the
president likes to go after is actually
only 10% which is the same size as
Germany at 10% in Japan at 8% so China
is the biggest part of the problem but
we have a broader trade problem which
results from a whole bunch of stuff that
we have not again though when you say
problem that problem results and again
lower costs to American consumers
there's a reason why we are importing
goods from China and other countries
because we can get them into our country
and it's cheaper for Americans it's not
cheaper for Chinese it doesn't it
benefits working-class America so what
you're saying or at least what I would
say is
trade is good should be good for
everybody trade should create lower-cost
imports and a chance for countries to
export things and create jobs that way
and so trade is great the problem is
when you have unbalanced trade like this
and we run these huge deficits we're
essentially as I'll show you in one
second piling up debt but there are
countries like Germany Switzerland Japan
that actually we run trade surpluses
with China not trade deficits with China
because they have found ways to export
more stuff to China and they've kept
their imports at a reasonable level Wow
so congressman tell us if you were
advising the president now on his net
right he cast a wide net you said so how
would you win this trade war what steps
would you take next and to avoid the
fallout to American workers but still
get some of the problems that we're
talking about here fixed well I think
that's what he's doing I mean he cast a
wide net then he starts to move that
then pull the net back and we have to do
that we have to look at the effects on
the economy we have to look at the
effects on manufacturing we have to look
at the effects on farming that's going
on especially in Ohio so in the end
what's the ideal policy outcome though
here well the ideal policy is to have
free and fair trade with China
especially China that's our issue I mean
China is is not fairly trading with us
and I think in the end we have to have
free and fair trade and we could look at
some of the other countries that we're
talking about here but in the end when
you when the biggest part of our trade
deficit 50% is China we got a look at it
we can't ignore the one thing I will say
about this president he's not ignoring
things and we've had Republicans and
Democrats in the past who have ignored
some of this stuff and that's why we've
run into this situation where in Steve
what does Germany export that we don't
have that we could export to reduce our
deficit well they actually think they
export things like very sophisticated
machine tools that the Chinese needs in
order to build their and we don't make
those here we don't make them as well as
Germany does Germany is really really
good at that German cars are obviously
very very popular in China they export a
lot of cars our cars you know are made
in China some of them but not as popular
so congressman we started out this
segment by noting that you were fiscal
conservative what do you make of members
of these cabinet
Prewitt Mulvaney to name a few do they
seem like fiscal conservative things
like do have you met at a gold coin with
your likeness on it like zenki or do you
have a flag that's raised over your
office when you walk in and lowered when
you walk out look all these individuals
are following through on the president's
agenda do I agree with some of the
spending absolutely not I mean again I
ran small business for 28 years I I was
probably as tight as you can be when it
came to spending should they be tight
what's that shouldn't they be tight any
time you're spending taxpayer dollars
you should you should watch what you're
spending and I think I'm I don't know of
all those things but I'm not going to
agree with them I'm not gonna agree with
that some of that spending absolutely
not but again I think in the end they're
following through with the presidents
Paul right aren't there fiscal
conservatives though that can follow
through in the President's agenda
without wasting taxpayer dollars well
one of the problems we have is as
members of Congress House and Senate
first off we should be passing budgets
we should be passing appropriations
bills we should be tithing the noose
down on this spending that's the problem
we're not doing that we're not getting a
budget pass we're not getting
appropriations bills passed we're doing
in the house the Senate's missing a boat
many many times and in the end we have
to be able to tighten this down it's our
job and then give them the dollars they
can spend but that's not happening well
Congressman Jim Rene say thank you very
much thank you did you get through all
the charts oh there was one more put it
up I want to see it okay well the last
one really so we talked about what can
we do to China and I guess I would
respectfully disagree with the
congressman that I think this idea of
starting big and paring it back has
caused all this volatility in the
markets a lot of confusion or acting
unilaterally but here's one of the
things we should worry about in terms of
how can China retaliate they own 1.2
trillion dollars of our Treasuries
they're the largest single holder of our
Treasuries with 20% of the following of
the foreign holdings and imagine what
happens if China wakes up one day and
says you know we're just going to put a
hundred billion of these on the market
and see what happens to your interest
rates and to your Treasury market what
would happen if just rates would go up a
lot you'd have a fair amount of
financial chaos in the market and we
would not be in a better place so it's a
you know Wars Trump says wars are easy
no wars are good things and I think
there would be a better way to
this more multilaterally get our own
house in order a budget deficit to your
point maybe people operating a lot of
these deficits there are a lot of ways
you could have made this better alright
once again Congressman Jim Renee's me
thank you very much still ahead what we
know this morning about a suspected
chemical weapons attack in Syria and
some of president Trump's most critical
comments to date about Vladimir Putin
Plus as we just discussed with the
congressman President Trump and his
cabinet post some tricky questions for
the GOP we'll talk about the new
documentary Trump's takeover of the
Republican Party
straight ahead on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
