and tom winter you have been monitoring
this very closely with your sources at
Ft and wine we went from a three to a
four alarm fire we get the updated
information there what do you have on
that and more
all right sure so that's actually
somewhat of a typical response when you
have a fire like this if it went to it
at the wall I wouldn't be particularly
surprised although at this point I think
they've more than got a very good handle
on it that the fire has been knocked
down which is a is kind of a fire
department in a firefighting community
term basically means that the seat of
the fire the heart of it the flame the
visible flame we're not seeing that
anymore obviously but the bulk of the
fire is out there gonna at this point do
an extensive search in the walls and in
the ceiling just to make sure the fire
is not somewhere else it's not moving
somewhere else I'm moving to another
part of the building in other words
there's not any fire that's it's heating
from their from their normal view and
then they've got quite a quite a lot of
work to do to that smoke out of the
building that's something that there
will take some time so basically this is
an opportunity at this point for the
fire department to bring some additional
units on scene basically bring some
additional manpower and some additional
tools on scene this was a two alarm fire
believed just shortly before six o'clock
so this is something that they've been
working on for an hour and although it's
it's not hot out and they're inside of a
building still I mean you're working
hard for a couple hours you're going to
need some additional people to take in
some of the firefighters some rest so at
this point it's a it becomes a manpower
issue the other thing is I wouldn't be
surprised if most of the elevators were
or shut down in the building and that
they're operating elevators manually the
fire department's operating the the
elevators manually it can also be a
decent amount of people that are above
the 50 or four I don't have a very good
layout because it is a private building
as far as what exists beyond the 50th
floor the 50th floor is where the fire
was so is if there are people that are
inside of those inside of apartments
inside of residences inside of offices
that are about 250 or 4 they're in
to get those people down and out then we
need to do that through the stare wave
and he may need to manually operate
elevators so you're going to need some
additional manpower for that they have I
believe three alarm response they had
140 firefighters or so on scene so
they're adding some some more
firefighters to that now so this this
makes this makes a lot of sense it's
typical it doesn't indicate that you
know there's something else going on in
the building that we just can't see with
our cameras at this point and and to
recap what we said before there is one
person that's been seriously hurt
we don't know if that person is a is an
employee that works in the building from
a standpoint of a building management a
maintenance person we don't know if that
person was a resident or somebody they
work for in one of the offices there
that may or may not be for the for the
Trump organization itself so that's not
clear at this point we know that it's
not an injury to a firefighter all the
firefighters are accounted for and
uninjured last that I checked so so
that's some good news on that front and
I know the person that was hurt was
definitely seriously hurt and I think
that person has been transported to a
hospital at this point but we don't have
an updated condition Tom winters always
great to have you Tom because Tom winter
is always the the first guy on the scene
first with the information from NBC News
is investigative unit and Tom if there
were a person to know the question to
the answer to this question is the cause
and it's probably way too early for us
to know what has caused this fire on
this 50th floor and above but obviously
again one of the very Tony locations
here in Manhattan where the average cost
per square foot is o or so it's a price
per square foot is around $2,000 that is
nothing to sneeze at here and and and as
we look at these pictures here of the
fire on the right now we're getting in
some video on the left-hand side of the
screen for those of you who are just
joining us of one of the vehicles that
are on site we looked at video earlier
of the crowds that are outside of these
pictures now but there's certainly a big
number of folks that have gathered to
watch what is happening there at Trump
Tower now four alarm fire Tom anyone
or what might be the process outside of
the normal steps that they might take to
understand what causes fire and we're
talking about this clearly because this
is a this is a building related to the
president right so it's a very good
question what was not clear to the folks
that I talked to obviously the the
firefighters are actually in the
building and on the 50th floor with this
fire as we understand it occurred I know
that it was in multiple units on that
floor I don't know it wasn't clear to me
when I talked to when I talk to folks
that whether or not this was a multiple
residential units or whether as multiple
office units or a combination of both so
that's something I'm still waiting to
hear back over here back on that will
determine if it was in a residence was
in somebody cooking obviously we're
around dinner time here opposed if it
was in an office was it
tell was it somebody that was using any
sort of a certain type of equipment or
if there was if it was construction
going on in that floor you know is is
you know welcome construct it in the
city right it seems to be a 24-hour
event whether it's inside or outside so
so if there was construction that was
going on was it a was it a tool was it
something that was being used that it
started the fire so that's those are all
the things that bill at this point by
now know exactly you know as far as what
type of space that they were they were
working with and dealing with and and
they'll have a pretty good sense as far
as how this fire started and Tom really
quickly or 15 seconds no indication
other than the possible sonars you've
mentioned so far that they're any bad
actors involved this right we underline
that regard yes yes at this point
there's nothing that that is pointing us
based on what I've heard to this being a
fire that was intentionally shot got it
Tom winter always thank you sir for your
reporting and always getting to the
center of these sort of breaking stories
thank you so much Jeff been at the White
House thank you as well for alarm fire
there at Trump Tower first family not
there it appears that the fire is out
one seriously injured we'll continue to
follow this and more after a break stay
with us on MSNBC hey there I'm Chris
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
