now for many of us who've gone overseas
fought for this country fought for
Mississippi we fought for Alabama we
fought for North Carolina we fought for
Illinois and we fought for every state
in this Union now we're gonna stay here
and see that the thing that the mayor
has said become a reality on the heels
of the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther
King Junior's assassination the nation
is taking a renewed look at the civil
rights movement a movement with many key
players including Medgar Evers who was
assassinated on the steps of his
Mississippi home after an N double ACP
meeting on June 12th 1963 five years
before the murder of dr. King and of
Bobby Kennedy for more than a decade
before Evers assassination his wife
Myrlie Evers fought for civil rights and
voting rights in Mississippi alongside
him and she continued that advocacy
after his death and Myrlie Evers joins
me now it's such an honor to talk with
you it's a pleasure thank you so I you
know I am particularly interested in
your reflections on on where we are you
know just a few months after your
husband's assassination the march on
Washington happened you were to speak at
the March as a matter of fact I was
scheduled to be a speaker as a matter of
fact there were two programs that are
printed one with my name as the speaker
and one not I was trying to get to the
venue could not make it in time and
that's one of the soldiers of my life
and that I was not there but my heart
was there and I have continued to work
without ceasing before and since that
time and I think that's one of the
important points because the women of
the civil rights movement know the wives
of some of these leaders whose names we
know we're working on civil rights
alongside your husband's you were doing
this for 10 years even before his
assassination you know we haven't really
I think recognized enough how much work
people like yourself and Coretta Scott
King we're doing even apart from your
husband's talk a little bit about how it
was to be working for voting rights in a
place like
Mississippi well Mississippi is home
needless to say the reputation that the
state has is mostly true I would like to
say that today I see changes being made
but there was an atmosphere of told fear
you never knew what was going to happen
one day to the next
Medgar was on the forefront and we knew
that his life was endangered as was the
rest of us we had met kana I had a very
special relationship one of deep love
but one where I challenged his
dedication to his work and I can recall
he said his saying to me do you believe
in me yes do you love me yes well let me
do what I have to do and support me so
that was kind of a turning point in our
marriage and in our life I loved him
dearly I supported him I knew what was
going to happen as he did I don't think
you ever prepared for something like
that and the night that the night before
Medgar was killed
we had a very teary conversation and he
told me you take care of my children I
have done that but I have carried his
memory forth and I continue to do so to
this day I fight furiously that he will
be remembered in history for all that he
did and all that he gave yeah
and gave for you know I think sometimes
you know when people ask well what can I
do what can I do
voting is sort of this fundamental you
know the right that generates all other
rights do you think that people have
lost that message in the civil rights
movement as they know the lunch counters
have people lost this sort of zeal for
that mean the Voting Rights Act has been
gutted and we're sort of sitting here in
suspended animation I believe today that
people are more aware of the need to
vote than perhaps ever before
look at our nation today I would look at
the top leadership for those who are
sensitive to the need of citizenship and
being able to utilize that citizenship
and contribute to it we know we have
more work to do now than we ever have
before I am beyond horrified and
motivated more I think than I have ever
been before
to see that we recognize the value that
we have in the vote that we use it and I
am so encouraged about our young people
today I I just I'm so enthusiastic and I
want to say to them yes March
demonstrate but vote and find a way to
be active in your community to keep this
movement going we can't allow it to die
off because of what is happening in the
leadership of Washington today that I am
horrified about that at my age at 85 a
more vocal now I think than I have ever
been and lastly you know you've seen a
lot of questions about whether or not
the Democratic Party has sort of written
off the South where the still the
majority of African Americans live
Alabama was a wake up call
that black voters that approved the
African American women have an
incredible power Mississippi has more
african-americans in Alabama could we
see the kinds of sea changes that we've
seen in cross places like Virginia and
Alabama even happened in Mississippi oh
yes as a matter of fact I believe that
my native state of Mississippi is
beginning to show the way for the rest
of the country to move we had a very
interesting occasion a couple of weeks
ago with the opening of the two
Mississippi museums and which I said was
separate and equal again and then the
president made a visit and I enjoyed
fees I have to say this the man
addressed me by my first name and we
the president did yeah the president has
to me by my first name
I was so angered by that and I said you
don't realize the essence of what this
country has been through where we are
where we are going yeah you dismissed me
by calling me by my first name and I did
not give you permission to do so indeed
I am
mrs. my husband paid the price for that
so did Martin Luther King and everyone
else we have so much yet to do in this
country and I believe that our young
people I'll be getting to show us a way
again
absolutely mrs. Myrlie Evers a great
civil rights leader in your own right
thank you so much for being here it's
been an honor thank you thank you very
much and that's our show for today I am
Joel be back tomorrow at 10 a.m. Eastern
stay with MSNBC for the latest news
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
