the many places like California the same
person votes many times you probably
heard about that they always like to say
oh that's a conspiracy theory not a
conspiracy theory folks millions and
millions of people ok so that's not true
and joining me now for your moment of
Maxine is California congresswoman
Maxine Waters Oh always a pleasure so
good to have you here in California just
love it when you're in Los Angeles same
here same here especially because it's a
lot warmer and here and we love hanging
out with you so let's start let's just
go through everything yes Donald Trump
making these claims about immigrants and
going back to his immigrants are rapists
Mexicans are in this you know California
obviously a huge border state yes what
is this about is there any truth to this
idea that there were swarms of rapists
and criminals no absolutely not you know
everybody knows that this president is a
liar and he just will say anything
he has no documentation for that no one
has reported that to him he's continuing
with this business of these immigrants
are coming you know to our our country
and they're causing us problems they're
taking the jobs and they're costing the
government money and so he has to
continue this kind of talk as he dog
whistles to his constituents his
constituency is located in a lot of
states where this trade war that he
started know and are really gonna fight
but California we're told it's not fun
that's right farmers here are now racing
for real absolutely because look we
export
billions of dollars and pistachios and
almonds and wine and they are really
worried and our wine grape growers are
really worried about what is going on
with this president and he keeps saying
that he's not creating this trade war
but he really is yeah
and he's announcing more and more
tariffs so it's going to hurt
a lot of folks is going to you know
cause a lot of loss of jobs and this
president again is just on a rampage
without knowing what he's doing and
again
and I think we come right back to this
question I feel like I ask you this
question every time where is Congress
that the Speaker of the House is in
Texas holding a town hall not even in
his own district where is the Congress
well that's a good question too as some
of the Republicans now are talking about
the tariffs and the cause that the harm
that it's gonna cause but they're not
standing up because I think they're
still intimidated by him they afraid of
him they don't have any guts and they're
gonna pay a price for this because this
president has gone beyond what should be
considered reasons for impeachment yeah
and you this this state also the
environment very important here they're
a large very large post line you have
the Environmental Protection Agency
under Scott the Clean Air Act absolutely
but what about his personal conduct I
mean the things that we're hearing about
a scandal a day or two or three what do
you think
well it's horrible why is he getting
away with this why is it he can talk
about paying rent for $50.00 when he
stays in this lobbyists home right this
is outrageous
well what about the money he spent on
travel right what about the races that
he's given right you know to employees
even though he was advised by the White
House not to do it yeah it is outrageous
we don't know why he hasn't been fired
by now you know the president likes to
fire but we think the president just
likes what he's doing with public policy
yeah he's literally destroying
everything that Obama did yeah it does
feel like California is in a sense at
war with the Trump administration
whether it's on environment whether it's
on immigrants whether it's on sanctuary
cities you know can California hold the
line if Congress cannot well California
is tough and we have members of our
legislature who are always thinking
about ways by which to push back and to
resist him and so we think that he's
taking it out on us because he did not
win California he does not like
California and he's vindictive and so
but our legislators and Jerry Brown as
you know Jerry Brown is going to hold an
international conference on climate
and climate change and so yes we're
fighting back and our legislators are
fighting back is there anything that
Congress can do about Scott Pruett well
you know we should be holding hearings
and we should be demanding his dismissal
but you know it's hard to get the
Republicans to hold the hearings and
despite the fact that there are people
who say to us you know why don't you try
and reach out to them why don't you guys
work together the Democrats will work
with them any day of the week but they
will not work with us they are basically
being irresponsible and they are not
standing up against this president and
so we're still on the same issues we've
always been on we want clean air we want
clean water we don't want to create
trade Wars I mean we want to make sure
that we are protecting Social Security
and Medicare and Obama care I mean our
issues are basically what we have been
fighting for what we've been working for
and what we have been basically
successful with we have a great public
policy program but this president wants
to destroy all of that and he just gets
stuck on Obama he just wants to undo
everything that the president had done
and so we're in a war continuous with
him the American people see what he's
doing the members of Congress are not
standing up but I and others are
resisting yes and you are in a lot of
ways the first lady of the resistance
people really have taken your leadership
to heart but I wonder if their
democratic party is making it clear
enough to voters that the only way to
really hold him accountable is to change
the Congress we always ask you where is
the Congress they don't seem to
understand that people like you who
people really love would be committee
chairs if the house was flipped has the
Democratic Party done a good enough job
in explaining to voters the importance
of flipping the house in the Senate well
I think that we work very hard at it and
you know we're very pleased about
Alabama and Pennsylvania what's happened
in these state legislatures and we
believe that we're on the right track
and we believe that we are going to take
back the house
that we're raising the money to do the
work we have good candidates and our
d-triple-c you know the Congress of the
United States and our campaign committee
we're on it we have good staff we're all
over the country and all over the states
working in cooperation with the DNC and
I believe that we're going to be
successful and we were just talking in a
previous segment about the issue of guns
and the NRA has the NRA in your in the
halls of Congress has the NRA lost real
power no but I want to tell you I am so
thrilled about the young people and what
they have done and what they're going to
continue to do I think there's going to
be a real spike in the voting they're
going to get to the polling places
they're going to be involved in these
elections and they're going to change
minds and I think they're going to
change mind some in their own families
and communities and they're going to
learn a lot about politicians how they
think and how they work and they're
going to call us out and so I'm just
very optimistic about the ability to
make change and I think the NRA knows
what it's up against no matter how they
try to pretend that they're not
intimidated by the young people they're
going to be put in a very bad place with
these young people because the young
people have no filters and there's going
directly to them and I just love it
yes I've did two quick issues that I
know I try to cram everything in when I
have you in my class I love to talk to
you let's talk about we had Michael
avenatti stormy Daniels lawyer on so
ironic that this is maybe in a sense
more immediate jeopardy for the
President of the United States if he is
deposed if Michael Evan I was able to
get a deposition for the president will
Congress push to have that deposition
released so the American people can see
it some of us certainly will but I just
have to tell you joy I predicted I spoke
to the Human Rights Campaign about a
month ago and at the end of my speech I
said if our special counsel Moeller does
not get drunk
stormy will that was the end of my
speech and I want to tell you and why
what is happening the president is going
to get caught up in his lies it is just
unbelievable that he did not know about
the payoff yeah you know to stormy and
so I think he's going to get caught in
this one and my last question on the
molar probe we were sort of talking
earlier with Nick Ackerman of course who
worked on the Watergate committee what
will happen what will Congress do what
can you predict will happen if Donald
Trump refuses to subpoena from Robert
Muller well I think that is going to be
crossing the line I don't know if it's
totally crossing the line but I think
that we're gonna have some Republicans
that will come out on that he has gotten
some warnings from a few of the
Republicans who were saying that you
know is a red line right don't cross
that and they've stood up for him not as
publicly as I would like them to but you
know he has full support on the
Democratic side and so if he refuses I
think that some are gonna have to come
out they can't stick with him forever
it's either you're going to be about
country and you're going to protect this
democracy or you're gonna go down with
him yeah not everyone can be as vocal
and forthright we appreciate you being
here from I just love being here with
you thank you so very much
thank you very much congresswoman all
right and if you don't already follow
congressman would Maxine Waters on
Twitter what are you doing
follow her at Maxine Waters and before
we go to break an update on that
breaking news that we told you about
earlier police have confirmed to NBC
News that a vehicle has driven into a
small crowd in Munster Germany at least
30 people have been injured and they're
unconformity zs-- police say the alleged
suspect has committed suicide on the
scene please stay with MSNBC for the
latest on this story more am joy Nets
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
