turning a new pressure on Donald Trump
to fire the official who's become really
the symbol of the swamp 64 House
Democrats tonight say Trump has to get
rid of Scott Pruett that's of course in
addition to leaks that John Kelly wants
Pruett out Trump resisting NBC confirms
he actually met with Pruitt today to
talk about fuel standards issues no word
on whether they discussed any of these
headlines EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt
reportedly paid $50 a night to live in a
Washington apartment partially owned by
the wife of a top energy lobbyist last
year it was a surprise to everyone when
we learned that Scott Pruett was
charging the taxpayers tens of thousands
of dollars to build himself a cone of
silence
he wants his protective detail to turn
on the sirens and use the roller so he
can blow through traffic it's not just
about Scott Pruett or whatever he was
gonna do in that isolation chamber
remember this is a young presidency and
President Trump had always claimed it
was his personal wealth that would
benefit the rest of the country because
he wouldn't be influenced by swamp
lobbyists as I don't need anybody's
money it's nice I don't need anybody's
money I'm using my own money I'm not
using the lobbyists I'm not using donors
I don't care I'm really rich he's really
rich but that doesn't mean he's
independent or his administration is
look at these ethics scandals we'll put
it up on the screen we're seeing people
like Tom Price we're seeing Pruitt
minuchin Zinke Carson this is more than
any one agency this is what a swamp
culture looks like and for more on this
I'm joined by Howard Fineman at NBC News
comm contributor and friend of the show
as well as Jake Holman Dory who works
for UCLA and has advised many candidates
including Barack Obama John Kerry and
Hillary Clinton how would I start with
you is this larger than Pruitt of course
it's larger than Pruitt and I think it's
dawned on the White House that it is
that Pruitt is the latest in a long line
of pictures that you just put up on the
screen I just literally got off the
phone with somebody who's close to the
Trump circle
and should know and I asked him I said
Sarah Huckabee Sanders today at the
press conference said an answer to a
question about Pruitt that the President
believes that Pruitt has done a good job
and I said she didn't say he is doing a
good job and my well it's a key
distinction in Trump world in the end of
days dramas that we've seen repeatedly
and he said good catch there's a
difference and and another person told
me yesterday and I reported yesterday
that inside the White House at the very
top they're saying it's not a question
of whether with Scott Pruett it's a
question of when
and I think that's partly not just
because Pruett and I actually think the
the red flashing lights going through
the city is every bit as much of a
symbol in their eyes of the swamp as
taking the cheap apartment from the
lobbyists and this person said to me
look he's got all those deregulation
things going that's all in train right
now but we can't take any more of this
stuff and I think what that person meant
was that it wasn't just about Scott
Pruett it was about the whole range
ironically enough re there's only one
person in the court of the Sun King
who's allowed to behave like Donald
Trump and that's Donald Trump when other
people get caught doing it a lot of them
get in trouble well eight that the truth
and and Howard you're saying something
che that uh
Trump advisers have said to me not for
attribution as we say in the business
which is when people around Trump they
see him get away with stuff and they
think they can get away with it which is
a fundamental mistake in any in any
court yeah and absolutely one of the
biggest things about Donald Trump and
Scott Pruett is that his support for
Scott Pruett is very similar to support
for Rory more everything that Scott
Pruett is accused of Donald Trump is
accused Donald Trump has monetized the
White House he has made 1.2 million
dollars from political groups who have
rented Trump properties over the last
year the previous record was a hundred
thousand in terms of political groups so
they have made a tremendous amount of
money ever since they moved into the way
house and if you look at the variety of
scandals like Tom Price and Ben Carson
and Ryan's inky etc you realize that
there is a culture in this White House
where administration officials feel they
can use the White House as a free
platinum card paid for by the taxpayers
and that comes from a culture created by
Trump where he views personal gain as
the highest form of public service I
think you put it so perfectly and add to
that the fact that Scott Pruett was
trying to do to the EPA what Donald
Trump is trying to do to the DOJ but he
may get in more trouble for it I want to
read Howard from this other reporting
that basically the career people the
nonpartisan people stood up to Pruitt
and they were then demoted or they
requested new jobs under pressure
raising concerns about the spending
problem the difference is that the
bureaucracy is striking back that facts
matter we learn about this from intrepid
reporting and the times and the post
from our colleagues here in the NBC
Washington bureau we learn about it as
facts and it does seem to affect him to
chase point in a way that is not
affecting always the president yeah and
I think you're right about the the
career people at EPA many of whom have
been there for decades they've sort of
been below radar as professional people
I think another key though was not the
professional people but the political
appointee who essentially had been an
advanced man in the Trump campaign and
he's the guy who blew the whistle so to
speak on the sirens and the emergency
travels through Washington as though you
know World War three were about to break
out when Scott Pruett was just going to
a dinner engagement somewhere and and
it's when things become easily graspable
by people things are happening elsewhere
in the administration and when somebody
else is behaving as though they're
entitled the way Donald Trump alone
feels that he should be entitled that
they get in trouble and I think that's
what's happened to Pruitt here and by
the way having going down to Kentucky
yesterday which is his home state Scott
Pruett was born in Kentucky was raised
in Kentucky going down there being
embraced by the governor Matt Bevin and
by Senator Rand Paul and so on that may
have nothing if nothing else that
infuriated the people inside the White
House I think including
the president who also didn't like the
fact that Pruitt went on Fox where by
the way he was hammered by Ed Henry in
that interview yesterday they just don't
like the whole scene right now even the
Koch brothers who are out there
defending Pruitt I don't think are gonna
be enough here the other thing is that
Pruitt has jammed through a whole lot of
rule makings and proposed changes it's
now maybe inconvenient to have him
around as those things go through the
process the colonizers want the bottom
line not not the drama how would what
you're speaking to is is what's known as
the the two scoops of ice cream rule
they're in the Trump White House all the
only one scoop unless you're president
and that's look I throughout history
powerful people have always used ice
cream as a former yeah it's delicious it
melts quickly the one luxury everybody
can afford the mentioning of sorry
Howard Fineman mentions the at Henry
interview on Fox which didn't go that
well right I'm gonna play now and I
always like to say this review is what
I'm about to play is not true
I'm playing it because it's false but
here was Pruitt misleading and lying
claiming that there was no lobbyists
like when we all know there was take a
look so why did you then accept $50 a
night to rent a condo from the wife of a
Washington well let's talk about that
that is something that again has been
reviewed by ethics officials here
they've said that its market rate
ranking it from the wife of obvious yeah
who has no business before this agents
on a second so that's part is is that
Williams and Jensen right major lobbying
firm Exxon Mobil's and client mr. Hart
mr. hard has no clients that has
business before this agency they
actually do have clients with business
with the agency more than three have
been counted right so broaden that out
to Pruitt basically struggling to even
defend what he's doing in a climate
where the white house can't afford
another ethics Canada well yes and
that's why John Kelly is actually the
one saying
that scott pruett has to go and Donald
Trump is sort of seeming like he's
defending Scott Pruett because John
Kelly knows something very important
which is corruption matters in midterms
if you look at the way that the Abramoff
and delay scandals affected the culture
of the 2006 midterms it really created
an environment where voters wanted to
send Democrats to Capitol Hill to put a
check on the GOP and what an irony if
corruption and the swamp is the thing
that bites back against the Republicans
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
