here's Pruitt this week defending
himself why did you then accept $50 a
night to rent a condo from the wife of a
Washington well let's talk about that
that is something that again has been
reviewed by ethics officials here
they've said that it's market rate we're
acting it from the wife of obvious yeah
who has no business before they say hold
on a second
so that's part is is that Williams and
Jensen right major lobbying firm Exxon
Mobil's the client mr. Hart mr. hard has
no clients that has business before this
agency according the Wall Street Journal
White House chief of staff John Kelly
told President Trump last week that he's
convinced Pruett needs to step down
other words go today White House
spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee said as a
dress pro its job security let's watch
her the president feels that the
administrator has done a good job at EPA
he's restored it back to its original
purpose and we're continuing to review
any of the concerns that we have and
I'll keep you posted if there's anything
there's anything further on that front
has done a good job that is doing a good
job this morning Trump retweeted that
Pruitt is doing a great job but it's
totally under siege that's the president
talking that might not be much conferred
to Pruitt as Trump used the same exact
language to defend other cabinet members
he later was forced to force out
Secretary Tom price is also here today
dr. price still lives the scout out
helping to keep millions of Americans
strong and healthy as our Secretary of
Health and Human Services and he's doing
a great job David shooken our
Secretary's done a great job the VA was
a mess and then we're all going and
after NBC reported National Security
Advisor HR McMaster was going to be
replaced and this he spokesman Michael
Anson responded by saying that he was
just with the president and McMaster
both them together in the Oval Office
president Trump said that the NBC news
stories fake news and it's old McMaster
he's doing a great job they're all gone
now from where on all this I'm charmed
by White House correspondent for the PBS
news hour Mia me shall send her White
House reporter for The Associated Press
Jonathan Lemire and politics
The Daily Beast of course Sam Stein or
MSNBC contributes you Miche are you a
god Godfather fan have you noticed this
Fredo you broke my heart you know this
when your mother dies or what I mean
you're gone from here you're going out
in that bud saying your Hail Marys the
same ritualistic way you know except
that Tom is telling Michael to fire and
kill Fredo and he's not doing it explain
that for the people who haven't watched
the Godfather the fact that the
president is defying John Kelly who was
reportedly telling him to fight the
Godfather references by the way they're
very supposed to get but the fact that
the president is defying his his chief
of staff who's telling him to resign
that that and telling him that he needs
to go and the fact that you have Sarah
Sanders who's basically saying look he's
kind of under review we don't know
what's gonna happen
I think Scotford has a lot to worry
about if nothing else if he does another
interview like like Fox News and he
comes off looking that crazy again the
president's not going to have him for
much longer
decided tell me that's a trade craft you
guys so engaged if in White House
coverage how come we know with John
Kelly told the president about about
this guy Pruitt how can we know he told
him to fire him well how do we know that
he asleep once somebody tells somebody
in the press I told her to fire the guy
well you cooperate with more than one
person you talk to several people in the
building who can give accounts of a
conversation you don't just know how you
also look to me like a misfit just the
thought well we know in this came and I
would use to move wouldn't it get it
going get the word out I told you to get
her to the guy it's possible we know
that Trump sometimes acts in contrarian
purposes to what his chief of staff has
advised him we know this that also the
Pruitt was in the Oval Office today you
know for a meeting where he's going to
talk rolling back regulations and fuel
efficiency standards but while there
pleaded with the president's made his
case this is why I should still be in
this job he's he's lost a lot of allies
a lot of support within the West Wing
but he still has unlike David Shulkin
who we just saw lost his job still has a
lot of outside support people in the
industry conservative people that people
who people who may not want to protect
the environment and like others and they
have been in the presidency or saying
look this guy is getting conservative
stuff done keep them on my experience
Sam is that politicians have to they get
their own scar tissue on their own they
don't want it from their people under
them in other words if this guy's taking
a lot of bit hits from the media and all
kinds of people to get the ethics teams
out there and maybe the environmental
teams are at the gem too of course he
doesn't want that hanging on his
administration does he know and we're
reporting tonight actually that one of
the subplots here is an incredible
amount of attention that exists between
senior what has the Beast see announcing
the release is senior White House staff
and senior EPA staff in which part of
the reason that prude went on at Henry
and did this media tour is precisely
because he thought he would get no air
cover from anyone else in the White
House he felt he had to go defend
himself but then Kelley told me stop
doing television correct but he felt
like he had to go out and actually plead
his case
now Kelley's move here is a big gamble
if you ask me to let it be known that
you want this guy gone if Trump turns
around and does not fire scott pruett it
completely undermines Kelley stand okay
within the administration and so I think
there's multiple balls in the air here I
think Kelly's in a tough spot actually
too well in your reporting Jonathan it
Trump's freezing out Kelley yeah there's
no question Kelly has lost a lot of
influence within the West Wing that the
president has star stopped consulting
him a lot of key decisions he opposed
the hiring of John Bolton Trump did it
anyway make the job offer in the Oval
when Kelly wasn't there Kelly didn't
accompany him tomorrow Lago last weekend
too when Trump went on his Twitter
tirade about immigration and tariffs we
know he wasn't on the call though he
often listens in to foreign leader calls
he wasn't on the one when the Trump
called Putin and congratulated him
against the advice of his staff and said
to him you know hit good job on your
re-election and we know that John Kelly
you know he is frustrated too he has
told people around him that he had hoped
to make the year mark which would be
July recently he started expressing
doubts that he'll get that far and the
truck and the president is sort of
really this is all connected to him
feeling more emboldened feeling like I
can govern with my gut I got the report
now that the president announced States
even though he's the top person in our
government has to sneak around his staff
guy to get something things done he has
said he has told people around him that
he is stopped telling John Kelly some
what he wants to do but he's also
telling people around him that if he got
rid of John Kelly that he might not have
another
chief of staff so the not only is John
Kelly kind of making it known that he
wants Scott Pruett gone Donald Trump is
also making it known that not only will
I might I also get rid of this general
but I might also just kind of go ahead
and wing it on my own because I'm tired
of listening to people
okay Trump watch wise Trump to raising
the temperature this week I know it's
the end of the week I want to sum it up
I mean the China war the drape on the
border all this stuff the caravans every
the threat throwing it what is this
whole I think when things get difficult
for him when he starts to get nervous
about his rightward corner and culture I
said it early this week that he just
feels the safest thing for him to do is
raise the temperature really high and
get his people behind him even in the
short run yeah and I think part of that
is because he's also going back to
campaign mode I think he felt most at
home when he was out there ninth of 2018
he's going in the campaign yeah there's
no election Virginia he was I mean the
fact that I was I was sitting there
watching it I was like wait are we
really talking about rapes are we really
talking about immigrants again are we
throwing the paper saying I'm bored with
infrastructure so I'm just gonna go
ahead and go on a tirade about voter
fraud even though that's clearly just
been disproven there's no evidence that
people voted millions of people voted
illegally I think when he gets
frustrated what he does is just go back
on this tirade I think there's something
to the fact that here's a man who
throughout his life certainly his
professional life has never been handled
no one's ever told him not to do things
or to do things a certain work for him
well yeah he got bailed out I think
that's a problem where you actively just
sitting here talking about I know
objective I'm his warning you and and to
be and and at this point in his
presidency the people who came in with
him to handle him the people were
brought in to handle him have largely
been diminished or put aside and at this
juncture he is going back to this idea
that everything needs to be kinetic
kinetic energy around everything always
be announcing tonight always be
premiering something always dangle a
firing always be fighting with somebody
in a world in which the media moves
minute by minute is the right that he
has to grab the attention of that minute
he doesn't have to he wants to yeah who
else well if he doesn't nobody gets hurt
is a vacuum that could be filled by
someone who's oppositional but this is
obviously quite rare for a president's e
to feel like he has to dominate every
single headline of every swell it's a
new kind of presidency maybe a very bad
one but in a radio interview this
morning President Trump said he wasn't
likely to attend the White House
Correspondents Dinner after again this
year here's what he says is his reason
what he says is his reason let's listen
I sort of feel that the press is so bad
it's so fake in many cases they
literally make up sources you know nine
sources within the White House have said
there are no nine sources so I just
think that I want to get it straightened
out with the press before I do it so
it's probably pretty unlikely I won't do
it I didn't do it Lester I had a rally
instead when it was great it was much
funnier yeah right and the dinner was a
massive fan of those I probably won't do
it you know he's now posing is that it
this is the scoldings schoolmaster like
he has to RepRap our knuckles as if you
know he's gonna find the press in you
know in our here he's not gonna say you
know they have changed their ways in the
next couple weeks right not at all but
really I think this goes back to the
fact that he felt wounded when he did go
to the White House Correspondents Dinner
and then was ridiculed and had to listen
to Barack Obama say all these jokes so I
think it goes back to the fact that he
doesn't want to be embarrassed and at
its core he really wants to be respected
he wants but he's the star if he goes
this time he is the star he's the star
but he can't he can't take a joke there
are people around him very much like I
actually think he had a reasonably good
time at the gridiron but let's flashback
to the remember the Al Smith dinner and
this later runs very clearly beat him at
night yeah he like he it was a charity
dinner he'd lost the room he was so mean
in his remarks they weren't funny they
were so biting he got well you know what
he said it's a largely Catholic affair I
mean largely and he said she's here to
pretend she doesn't hate Catholics I
mean he was so rough yes Rudy got booed
and this is this is sort of not his
natural element although this year must
be said he is permitting White House
staff to go when last year they how
gracious thank you by the way they don't
spit then it's a Bloomberg crowd it's a
rich
these poor guys hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
