let's dive right in China is hitting
back after President Trump appeared to
raise the second I'm sorry it's such a
surprise we would be put in this
terrible position
president Trump appeared to raise the
strikes on a potential trade war now
they're hitting back overnight
China's commerce ministry said Beijing
is prepared to fight the u.s. at any
cost as trade disputes escalate this
follows president Trump's announcement
last night that he is weighing an
additional 100 billion dollars in
tariffs on China that's on top of the 50
billion in tariffs the White House
announced on Tuesday the White House
expanded on the president's tweet from
last month claiming trade wars are easy
to win issuing a statement from the
president reading in part this rather
than remedy its misconduct China has
chosen to harm our farmers and
manufacturers in light of China's unfair
retaliation I have instructed the USTR
to consider whether 100 billion dollars
of additional tariffs would be
appropriate and if so to identify the
products upon which to impose such
tariffs Trump's latest move comes after
China announced on Wednesday that it
would introduce tariffs on more than 100
American products including soybeans
wait a second cars mm-hmm Jeb Bush
predicted that two years ago right wait
yep low-energy Jeb or former knows how
to govern and cares about this country
and there's a pay truck that Chad that
Jeff yeah
anyhow lawmakers including members of
Trump's own Republican Party are warning
of backlash Republican senator Ben Sasse
of Nebraska released a statement last
night reading hopefully the president is
just blowing off steam again but if he's
even half serious this is nuts
China is guilty of many things but the
president has no actual plan to win
right now he is threatening to light
American agriculture on fire let's
absolutely take on Chinese bad behavior
but with a plan that punishes them
instead of us this is the dumbest
possible way
do this he could not what what Ben Sasse
is trying to say is that president
couldn't try hard to be stupider I think
I think Ben Sasse I think the senator
said it effectively enough it's dumbest
thing you could do just so dumb willie
Geist
we always ask for Republicans to speak
out we have a Republican speaking out
and actually telling the truth about the
stupidity of Donald Trump's tariff tax
that hurts farmers in the Midwest that
hurts consumers across America that
hurts manufacturers that hurts the
American economy it's it ends up I guess
that Jeb Bush was right Donald Trump was
wrong these trade Wars that are not so
easy after all yeah and this is not an
abstract thing for these guys it's not a
debate club exercise for Ben Sasse and
we heard the day before that from Joni
Ernst and from Chuck Grassley two
Republicans from the state of Iowa that
this has real-world impact on the people
who live in their states and those of
course aren't the only states hit by
this soybeans pork all the things these
states live on are being hammered or
would be hammered by these Chinese
tariffs so that clip from Jeb Bush was
amazing the fact that he called soybeans
to a tea but remember he didn't have
energy he wasn't fun on the stage so
they had to push him to the side
unfortunately it's more to politics and
being a wonk but you know it seems like
a clip from a different lifetime where
somebody could put out a policy Steve
Rattner you could debate the merits of
it and then perhaps come out with a
better answer but where are these
tariffs coming from in the White House
is it Wilbur Ross Peter Navarro who is
it yeah as Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro
you know the I think there are so for
example Larry Kudlow who's got some
fairly extreme views on some parts of
the economic equation is very much
afraid he hates as soon as it's clear
Gary Cohen when he was there certainly I
suspect Steve Newton is no fan of this
because he comes out of a free
enterprise background but no it's Peter
Navarro who who is on the fringe I mean
on the fringe of the fringe of the
economics professional this stuff well
so so Steve talked about the impact of
another 100 billion dollars from Donald
Trump
it looks like it's again stacking one
one retaliatory move
after another and talk about how China
can do this all day
they're in a position actually the way
their government runs and functions
where the Chinese leader can stare down
our leader any you know in any trade war
well well you've got a number of pieces
here that are all very disconcerting one
is of course this the volatility of
American policy so he announces a bunch
of tariffs the markets crash then they
say well we're not really sure we
haven't imposed them yet there's a
90-day period but we're gonna think
about in the markets recover then you
have another set of tariffs markets go
down again this is all really
destabilizing to American business into
our economy ultimately secondly the
Chinese do have many more levers they we
buy a lot more from them than they buy
from us so that's a limiting factor but
they control their economy and they have
a lot of different pieces they can move
around and in and even apart from the
actual trade pieces I don't really want
to go into a trade war with somebody
that you all 1.2 trillion dollars to
because there's a lot of stuff they
could do there this stuff they could do
geopolitically david ignatius may want
to talk about the South China Sea I
don't want to get out of my lane we're
trying to get the Chinese to help us at
the moment of North Korea this obviously
doesn't help that and most of all I
don't think that the nature of the
Chinese is to confront them and put them
in a position where they can't lose face
there's a really dangerous foreign
policy and trade approach you we back we
back them into a corner they're going to
strike back in any number of these ways
well you know Milton Friedman time and
time again Michael Steele talked about
extolled the virtues of free trade yeah
and he said you know it timeless wisdom
is that free trade benefits all
countries and yet Paul Ryan I I think
Paul Ryan still import of of Milton
Friedman shore use I don't know okay I
wouldn't know because he's been
extraordinarily silent in the midst of
some of the most protectionist policies
since well I don't know or at least a
president that sounds more like Herbert
Hoover than any president so I'm just
curious it's
and Friedman no longer worth defending
or the ideas of Hayek no longer worth
offending or the ideas of Ronald Reagan
nowhere long no longer will you ask Paul
Ryan are you asked any Republicans on
Capitol Hill who influenced him it is
Milton Friedman yeah that's what they
say buckley hired all the people I grew
up reading so I'm sorry how do you let a
lifelong Democrat that converts to the
Republican Party after he becomes a
birther mm-hmm
how do you let him come into your party
infect your party day in and day out and
in this way to become become a
protectionist and destroy the very
tenants of free trade
well not defend the ideas I think that
that's for me that's the the linchpin
right there defending the ideas because
you'd figure at some point those ideas
meant something they stood for something
it's it's not just something that you've
said it really was part of the economic
belief system of the party because we
believed in the markets and what the
markets can do not just for big business
in corporate America but for the small
and little guy and gal out there on Main
Street that's trying to make their way
what this president has done is
fundamentally cut them off those those
industries that are going to be impacted
in the farming community in the
manufacturing community will see this
real in their backyards in their
neighborhoods and Joe to your most
important point the silence of
Republican leadership who not come
forward and said you know mr. president
we don't think this is a good idea they
can make the public statement and go in
the back room I said nah brother we're
not doing this all right they're not
doing it and in that silence I think not
just cripples the party but it cripples
the economy in a way that instills that
kind of uncertainty that we've often s
you know and what about a void
what about conservatism what about you
Miche could you imagine if Barack Obama
was engaging in this sort of reckless
talk at
hacking free trade the now I but but
imagine if you will the number of press
releases the number of conferences the
number of lectures we would hear every
day from Kato members from the American
Enterprise Institute from the Heritage
from you name it every single group and
yet except for a few Republicans like
princess and a few riders they just are
lying down like lambs while the the lion
of protectionism races across Washington
DC so one thing I think that maybe is
going on here watch this there's two
things one it's that elections and the
these Republicans that are staying
silent are wondering whether or not
their basis and the people that they
have to go home to and face whether or
not they somehow still back Donald Trump
so if Donald Trump's voters and the
people who put him in the office are
gonna push back on the people that
they're that in that they're gonna that
are representing them if they take on
Donald Trump most Republicans that I've
talked to you are not interested in a
fight with Donald Trump because of that
reason because the people who put them
in office and have to vote for them in
the midterms aren't doing that the other
thing is people put them in their office
to go with their gut and lead yeah well
that well there's the idea that people
also realize that he was gonna wing it
and I the the second point I would make
is that there were a lot of people
around the country that I interviewed
who see China as his boogeyman who see
the Mexico as this boogeyman who bought
this idea that Donald Trump sold them
which was that these countries are doing
bad and they're taking advantage of us
and their unintended consequences of the
people who voted for him not
understanding how free trade works is
that now they have to deal with not only
the the soybean issues and and their
farming and products actually being
tariffs but also their workers remember
this is someone who was taking on worker
visas who is saying that we wanted less
immigrants and you and then you have
farmers in California saying well I did
vote for Donald Trump but I have they
don't need the workers here Walter
you don't rub yeah he told you that this
is what he was gonna do so I think
that's what's going on and why you have
this resounding silence from Republican
Jim Stein I just don't understand though
it's always it's always an either/or
it's always why do you support Donald
Trump if you tell me that you hate him
and they said well he wasn't Hillary
Clinton okay fine
why do you now support protectionism why
do you now support a president that's
doing things that you've preached
against for 40 years well he's Donald
Trump and so I don't want to cross
Donald Trump it's as if it's as if they
are incapable of having a nuanced
approach to politics and going to their
town hall meetings I I know just say as
I did all the time yes I like X but he's
wrong here he's spending too much money
his budgets are too big he's driving us
into deeper debt yes I like Donald yes I
voted for Donald Trump but I'm not going
to let him destroy a half a century of
conservative thinking on free trade I'm
not going to let him undermine what Adam
Smith was talking about back in the 18th
century I'm not going to let him repeat
the mistakes of Herbert Hoover but yes
I'm glad Hillary Clinton didn't win you
can say that in your district and you
know what people say you know yeah
you're right I'm with I'm with you on
that I agree with that synopsis you know
there's a fascinating interview on Vice
news last night involving trey Gowdy
who's retiring so I guess he's speaking
more openly now and during the interview
he talked about how he's taking on a lot
of water right now among conservatives
and specifically Trump voters over his
defense of robert muller and they asked
him what he believed the the issue was
here he says you know we live in a
culture now where I can agree with you
99% of the time but if it's that 1%
where I'm not that's what everyone
focuses on and that's where you get
hammered for and to a certain degree I
think that's what is motivating a lot of
the silence that you see from elected
Republicans on this trade issue which is
you crossed on
from 1% time there's a potentially you
get hammered for it I do think there's
one other thing though to a certain
degree
Trump unlocked an electoral key for
Republicans that they feared they never
would be able to do again he showed a
path to victory predominantly through
the industrial Midwest and in that part
of the country this stuff does resonate
you know you talked to Ohio steel
workers there's a reason sherrod Brown
is supportive of a lot of these tariffs
that stuff resonates in that part of the
in that part of the country now is it
smart policy no it's not it sits by the
seat of your pants policy Obama did
tariffs to Bush did tariffs too but
they're much more targeted and they were
much more thought-out what Donald Trump
is doing is not but I think a lot of
people look at it and say okay well
Trump was able to unlock this electoral
key or that's sorry unlock the flick
talk lock and maybe he was onto
something maybe he knows his political
formula that we just didn't get and so
part of what's also motivating the signs
David all I'll say is Donald Trump lost
this electrical electoral key actually
was I think the sixth out of the seventh
popular vote the Republicans lost to
Democrats in presidential races he he
lost by over three million votes or he
lost by just under three million I think
was the last count Hillary Clinton ever
campaigned in Wisconsin she never
connected with those industrial Midwest
voters so I don't know that he's really
unlocked the electoral key I would love
though for a politician to say mr.
president so I get it you're fighting a
war with China alone and you're using
America's farmers as your shield when if
you had not gotten out of TPP we would
be fighting that war with Japan South
Korea and eight nine-ten allies on our
side you know Joe there is a populist
earthquake that's shaking American
politics shaking
the Republican Party most of all I'm
it's wonderful remember good George the
Jeb Bush smart thoughtful but you know
he got swept up in that earthquake and
that earthquake is his real Donald Trump
isn't different today than he was
through the campaign during the campaign
he said China's raping us yeah you know
we had this extreme then then he became
president we sort of thought well he's
gonna adopt basically traditional
politics he's got this nice general
mattis's defense secretary and that Rex
seems pretty say you know and everybody
thought okay it's gonna be and he's
really reverting to the campaign themes
and the and the intensity and I would
say to the style he showed as a
businessman his whole career I mean this
is a guy who that's the way he did
business you know he'd just he'd take it
all the way you know you you you said 50
he said 100 and we're seeing that kind
of a businessman he drove three
companies into in the bank people in the
end didn't want to do business with them
that's what my fear is that in this
trade where we're seeing the same
problem of Donald Trump alienating
countries people who would trade with
the United be the least of our problem
well you know people did not you talk to
you talk to New York business people
they just wouldn't do deals with him
because he lied to him constantly he
didn't pay his bills Willie it was it
was constant yeah and we've all heard it
in Manhattan people have been saying for
years said yeah you know what he seems
like a fun guy on TV at times but the
guy never pays bills and and also as
David said the guys
the guy just wings it this is the
headline from the USA Today talking
about how Donald Trump will wings it and
leaves his his aides scrambling around
constantly in cleanup mode yeah that's
the problem right there well you've
isolated which is that for Donald Trump
words always have been cheap you know he
can say something he throws it out there
it's inflammatory it got him some
attention the press here in New York it
works for him when he was a real estate
developer and a reality TV host the
problem when you're president and words
are cheap too you say things like we're
pulling out of Syria you say things like
I'm gonna slap fifty billion dollars and
now a hundred billion dollars more worth
their tariffs because if
feels strong it feels good to him he
gets to thump his chest I'm gonna send
the National Guard to the border without
letting Homeland Security or the
National Guard know you're doing that
cheap words now impact people's lives
and that's why this is such a problem
that he doesn't get he thinks this is
still being the host of The Apprentice
or that or the reality real estate guy
in New York City the stakes are higher
now and he doesn't seem to grasp that so
coming up we have a lot more to get to
literally five separate stories about
Scott Pruett Wow stacked in our rundown
this morning there are that many
headlines out today about his very
troubled tenure at the EPA we'll get to
that next plot thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
