yes now former president of Mexico and
author of the book let's move on beyond
fear and false prophets Vicente Fox very
good to have you back on the show this
mr. president let me just toss the
softball to you and ask what do you
think about the president's remarks once
again going back talking about
immigrants being rapists and and the
deplorable state of things south of the
border
he lies lies lies again to the American
people
this kind of events that so-called
Caravan happens every year as a matter
of fact close to 500,000 Center
Americans cross the border into Mexico
and 400,000 of them are sent back
another hundred thousand getting to
Mexico are around there in their desire
to come to the state but Mexico's doing
its job sending that people back to
their homes with a lot of compassion
human attitude not with a stick
so this Caravan happens almost every
year now he lied about what the rapists
level Verisign please from tell the
truth to your people don't lie to them
every day that's not fair so there's
growing concern that Donald Trump lying
about Mexico and the Mexican people is
creating a backlash against candidates
who are pro free market want to be
allies with the United States want to
continue the policies that you began in
your presidency that is actually seen
and ushered in a generation of economic
growth in Mexico yes you know Joe
yesterday finally president Pena stood
up and he spoke strong he told Trump
don't play around with us don't lie to
people we are doing our work and if you
thing that you can just get Mexico out
of the way you're not going to do it
Congress in Mexico Senate and the house
also all of them together no with all
different parties joining the four
presidential candidates same thing so so
Mexico says now enough from you must
respect us we're neighbors we're
partners and we have worked together
throughout the time you don't have the
right to destroy where we have
constructed in such a long time that yes
what you say is true Mexico has been
upgraded through enough time today we're
full employment
we have improving common people the flow
of migrants has decreased significantly
as you know it's so dangerous at almost
50 year lows so it is David Ignatius mr.
president I want to ask you you have an
American president who's calling out the
National Guard
just your northern border is Mexico
beginning to have to think about
alternative ideas about security you
have the Chinese who are interested in
doing more with Mexico you have other
countries who would like to be friends
at a time when our president seems to be
treating Mexico as an enemy what about
that well that Mexico is quite a secure
place and we for instance the two armies
the US Army in Mexican army exercise on
the Pacific on the Gulf of Mexico every
year to prevent whatever threat could
happen so Mexico's has sold it corner of
United States in the case of security
say Ana changed no that's very strong in
Mexico not the case of the rates of
homicides that we have in Mexico today
because of the drug cartels for number
one drug cartels headquarters are here
in the states and they are not Mexican
cartels is us cartels that by the drawl
that hire those Mexican cartels to bring
in the drug because the consumer market
is here so to stop that
from happening it has to start right
here in United States and legalization
should proceed as is being done with
cannabis and marijuana so that we take
away the money from the cartels so there
are a lot of wealth sustained reasonable
measures that we can take to work
together what we have built is great
with through NAFTA now US farmers watch
out
Mexico buys from you every year over 40
billion US dollars worth of corn and now
we went down south to buy that corn from
Argentina from Brazil so you're going to
be hurt you better speak up because this
guy is taking you to know where and you
consumers you consumers this trade war
you're gonna pay the price for it you
u.s. American citizens consumers you are
going to pay the price the prices of
ibaka rose the prices are measurable the
prices of automobiles through the steel
tariffs that people are going to cost
you much more than what you pay right
now is that there this guy is worthy he
can buy cars with forty percent no cost
but you are not so you need to stop him
on what is going on former president
agree you're sending box thank you very
much it's good to have you back you
mister president
and glad your voice yeah so you can
deliver those Donald Trump's personal
lawyer Michael Cohen is at the center of
the stormy Daniel scandal coming up
there's a nother report that Bob Muller
is also focused on the president's fixer
will dig into that as Trump breaks his
silence on stormy plus US markets are
poised to open with losses as the
president threatens China with another
hundred billion dollars in tariffs
morning Joe is coming right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
