just so you understand I know so much
about trade with China their whole trade
thing is tariffs you can't deal in China
with that tariff they do it to us we
don't do it it's not fair trade if you
put a tariff on the good it's Americans
who pay absolutely you're looking at me
consumers and people are living paycheck
to paycheck
apart from that they'll be retaliation
yeah so the soybean sales from Iowa or
how about Boeing right here within a
mile you think that the Chinese if they
had a forty five percent tariff imposed
on all their imports wouldn't retaliate
and start buying Airbus of course they
would this would be devastating for our
economy we need someone with a steady
hand being president I'd States so
remember that during the campaign when
Donald Trump threatened a trade war he's
doing it again and it looks like it's
playing out just as Jeb what would you
what do you what do you know mica Jeb
Bush who I think of all the candidates
we talked to who liked him a lot
well why don't you tell the true no no
we're gonna share everything this
morning hey everybody welcome to share
every Friday between Joe and mica I got
to tell you something that happened
yesterday with no no we interviewed Jeb
and afterwards I said Tameka I said
that's why I'm voting for the guy most
prepared to what I said which you said
no he's the most prepared to being
president and there's not a close second
it was all right so there he's
predicting exactly what's going to
happen and remember when Trump veered
wildly off script during carefully
choreographed events while he's doing it
again
when he accused immigrants of being
rapists yes again and falsely claimed
that millions of people voted illegally
again something that is different he is
finally speaking out about the porn star
who his lawyer paid to keep quiet
well I just will talk about the stormy
well again again the lies that that are
repeated you know David Ignatius is
weekly been talking a lot about the lies
that Donald Trump has been telling and
when I say lies
opinion about that there he says things
and that that are objectively proven
true and it continues whether it was the
post office or Amazon or The Washington
Post or you can go down the list he
continues this lying streak and we can
call it a lie it's not being biased it's
being a reporter he lies about once
again millions of illegal voters when
there is no data there is no evidence
that he's done it and Alex wants us to
show it yeah I think you should do that
show and then we'll talk about share
take a look that's not in many places
like California the same person votes
many times you probably heard about that
they always like to say oh that's a
conspiracy if they're not a conspiracy
theory folks millions and millions of
people remember my opening remarks at
Trump Tower when I opened everybody said
all he was so tough and I used the word
rape and yesterday it came out where
this journey coming up women are raped
at levels that nobody has ever seen
before
they don't want to mention that you know
they don't to mention it because it's a
lie like so many things that the
president saying he's lying over and
over again cover initiative and and
David it is a conspiracy theory that
he's spewing when he talks about all of
these illegal voters he's lying again
about illegal voting Joe if you took a
really cynical look at this you'd say
he's trying deliberately to create a
white nationalist backlash against a
problem that the numbers show is not a
serious problem ordering troops to our
border to deal with a supposed flood of
immigrants who were going to crash the
border calling out the troops that's
pretty extreme he's either doing it to
distract people from other issues that
are more important where he's doing it
in a more calculated way to try to build
this electoral group that he that he
thinks can power him through 2018 and
2020 he's being a general who's fighting
the last war fighting a war from 2006
we've it record of 46 years lowest
crossing
illegal crime we can say it as much as
we can but he will still step on the
news by creating headlines that don't
exist keep lying with us thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
