welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am
co-founder and CEO of Axios Jim VandeHei
Jim good morning to you good to see you
good morning
talk to us about access is one big thing
this morning what do you have yeah we're
talking about President Trump as the
bluffer and how on every big topic going
back to the campaign going back to his
professional career and now in
government he just Bluffs on every
single topic which creates wild
uncertainty we saw this with a spending
bill where he said he'd veto it then he
didn't he said we saw this with the the
tariffs on aluminum and steel said
there'll be no exceptions
there'll be no carve outs and then there
were and now a lot of people internally
are trying to figure out whether or not
he's bluffing in his trade war with
China he said the other day it's not a
war this is the definition of a war we
slap tariffs they retaliate now he's
saying we're gonna retaliate again and
this uncertainty can give you leverage
and that's what the president would say
if he was here right now we say I have
leverage because no one knows what I'll
do next but internally people are
confused they don't know what he
believes in what he'll do next and
that's now manifesting itself in the
markets where you see all this
volatility in the markets because the
markets don't know what President Trump
will do in what he'll set off so Jim I
know that you and axis is Jonathan Swan
you've guys have been speaking to your
sources inside the White House about
exactly that his negotiating views what
did they tell you about what the
president's tactics may be in all of
this as you said obviously ratcheting up
tensions with China the market is a
little bit of a frenzy how is all this
helping his objective well what he
thinks is he's applying maximum leverage
on the Chinese and that ultimately
they'll buckle and that they will create
a deal that is favorable on tariffs for
the United States that may or may not
happen
the fear remember when Gary Cohen was in
office and he was sitting there advising
the president he said the minute you
slap those tariffs you're in a trade war
and once you have a trade war you're
gonna lose a lot of market value that's
exactly what's happened and so that's
what worries a lot of people on Wall
Street and some people inside the White
House that we're now in this territory
of unpredictability and you have the
market getting pushed down and it really
is the president's fault he chose to do
this he
chose to have this war so it is a war of
choice so we've seen the president
obviously sort of in the private sector
we saw him on The Apprentice sort of
with this approach that you're talking
about you also talk about this macho man
that White House aides say that they
have feared up until now what more can
you tell us Jim about what the aides are
exactly concerned about when it comes to
the present and has a negotiating side
yeah so the president's always talking
about scorecards scorecards he wants to
know MMI winning and he hates to be seen
as small remember it during the campaign
whether it was about his hand size or
whether or not it was Joe Biden he hates
to be seen as small so what they worry
about the stuff that he was saying
behind the scenes that he didn't act on
last year he's now saying and he's doing
and that is the fundamental difference
about this presidency today versus a
year ago there are no restraints and
he's going with his gut and maybe his
gut will be right occasionally he gets
wins I think his volatilities probably
helped us in our negotiating position
with the Chinese it might have helped
bring the South Koreans to the table to
do a trade deal but the flipside of that
is it just creates uncertainty
especially in our domestic market and
even with his own Republicans in his own
staff when we ask them what will they do
next they always look at us like who the
hell knows you never know what he'll do
next let's talk a little bit about Larry
Kudlow who was out yesterday trying to
tame the president's trade wars he's
been speaking to reporters saying that
the president has assured him that he is
a free trade guy what are you hearing
about Kudlow who himself is also Pro
free trade and his reaction to all of
this I don't think any of it is a huge
surprise to him he knew exactly what he
was signing up for this is part of the
interview process he is Pro free trade
the president is not as Pro free trade
the president wanted to get into this
trade war with the Chinese Larry Kudlow
knew it was coming Larry Kudlow job is
to make sure that the mark the healthy
market he inherited from Garry cones
team doesn't tank and so he has to get
out on TV he has to go on CNBC and other
business channels and be able to argue
that listen this is a this is gonna pass
we're gonna get a deal the markets
I shouldn't hyperventilate the markets
are hyperventilating they
reacting to this and so the worms don't
help because the actions are hard yeah I
saw yesterday as soon as that
announcement was that they're gonna slap
that or considering slapping one hundred
billion dollars I saw the market to
react I live for us in Washington DC
thank you very much we'll be reading
actually Sam in just a little while and
to all of our viewers out there you too
can sign up for the newsletter at
Axios com hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
