I just
I bet they do the president standing by
his man tonight publicly expressing
confidence in the epa administrator
scott pruett now under fire amid
mounting ethics scandals including his
$50 a night condo rental arrangement
courtesy of a top energy lobbyist that
comes at the same time that the New York
Times reports certain EPA officials were
penalized for questioning Pruitt
spending and management according to
that paper some of those officials had
very close ties to the Trump White House
and to Republicans on the hill also knew
the Washington Post reporting tonight to
EPA officials confirmed that Pruitt
endorsed the idea last month of giving
big pay raises to too close aides NBC
News has also learned that President
Trump as recently as last week had been
considering replacing Attorney General
Jeff Sessions with Scott Pruett but
administration officials tell us that's
unlikely now given recent reports about
Pruitt's conduct and today when he was
asked about it on Air Force One Trump
said quote Scott is doing a great job
where he is this morning the White House
deflected when asked about what it plans
to do if anything about him I can't
speak to the future of Scott Pruett I
can just talk about where we are now and
that is that the White House is aware of
these reports we're obviously looking
into those the Pruett situation is the
latest to test Donald Trump's promise to
drain the swamp a slogan that's changed
in meaning since the 2016 campaign when
we win on November 8th we are going to
Washington DC and we are going to drain
the swamp we have begun to drain the
swamp of government corruption
Washington is full of people who are
only looking out for themselves
regulatory reform is a crucial part of
our drive to drain the swamp by ending
excessive regulation we are defending
democracy and draining the swamp truly
we are draining the swamp back with
those Phil Rucker and joining us at the
table is Phillip Baum national
correspondent for the Washington Post we
call this a little Washington Post staff
meeting right they can I love having you
both here
all right so drain the swamp he's
filling the swamp but Pruitt seems like
the swampy a swamp monster of all you
would have a piece where you detail all
of the reasons
EPA Administrator Scott Pruett is in
trouble and it is stunning let me tick
through a few of them he demanded 24
hour a day security what is standard for
people who don't know is door to door
where you you transport a cabinet
secretary but then you you've largely
leave them alone he wanted 20
round-the-clock supervision he installed
a $25,000 soundproof phone system in his
office and once you built it out it
costs the taxpayers forty three thousand
dollars he flew first class at a cost
more than a hundred thousand dollars
plus they looked into net jets which is
a private plane membership club like
Costco for private planes I guess right
all right the EPA explored looked around
for a house for him they found a room or
a place in a townhouse that belonged to
the energy industry lobbies I mean you
could if you wanted to write a script
it's called revenge of the swamp Lester
you would find all these things and
stick it in the script and they'd say
implausible yeah I mean it's or it sort
of leads to some extent like a greatest
hits of all of the bad news from the
Trump administration it's you know
spending tons of money on furniture I'd
like ben Carson did yep did that it's
taking big charter flights and military
flights at high cost yep Burt did that
but then on top of that he has this
weird living arrangement he had he was
paying $50 a night for this this housing
on Capitol Hill that was owned by a
woman whose husband had business pending
before the EPA and actually there was
something that was approved by the EPA
corner of the New York Times I'm there
all these ways in which Scott Pruett
were this any other
raishin any other moment we would have
learned about this stuff after pruner he
left his position exactly I mean but for
I think two reasons that hasn't happened
yet and one of those reasons is what
Donald Trump just said people who work
the conservatives love scott pruett as
much as liberals hate Scott because of
how active he's been in undercutting
environmental regulations and I think
that that has made this a more
politically polarized decision for
president Trump than it would be for
another cabinet member this would be an
obvious decision for any other president
and any White House that valued ethics I
have to say this question crosses though
the right-left divide for me when you
look at who is upset inside the EPA it's
not just the career officials the New
York Times has some excellent reporting
out this afternoon they actually broke
during our hour at four o'clock I think
there are four career officials quoted
in that article essentially
whistleblowers who asked to be
reassigned who spoke out about Pruitt's
abuses about what is flagrant corruption
there are also two political appointees
one is the chief of staff to the EPA who
is very much in line with all of the
annihilation of the regulations to keep
our air and water clean so this isn't
someone who's upset about his policy
choices this is someone who's only
concerned with Scott Pruett is the
annihilation of any sort of ethical
standards of conduct the other person is
someone who came from the Trump campaign
again not an ideological opponent so
he's not just being questioned by people
who are career employees there are two
political appointees who were at the EPA
who are sounding the alarms about
Pruitt's conduct how does he survive
that and how does this not become a
White House story those two people seem
to take this right to the doorstep of
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and it is a
White House story what you have right
now is the president is not or or his
staff is much further ahead on this than
the president I think if it were up to
John Kelly Pruett would have been gone
long time ago the White House staff is
exasperated with how Pruett has handled
this with these revelations that are
diametrically opposed to President
Trump's campaign message of draining the
swamp and with the way he's managed it
from a PR perspective the ad Henry
interview on Fox News was a disaster
Prewitt has not been forthcoming with
the White House staff about what what
other shoe is gonna drop and yet the
president is standing by him do you
survive watching a Fox interview for the
reality TV president I mean I guess
we'll see right I mean you know I mean
III think that look the the the thing
that I have paid a lot of attention to
over the course of the past however many
days it's been since the revelations
broke about this condo is what the
reaction has been within the
conservative talking space right and so
yes and Henry gave a tough interview on
Fox News that the administration said
hey don't go and give you the interviews
got through it and which he apparently
ignored but conservatives have rallied
around him as a symbol of the finger in
the eye to liberal America right
environmentalists are legitimately
furious at Scott Pruett and what he's
done and conservatives see that as a
victory in and of itself to a large
extent and so there are a lot of
conservatives who are saying it doesn't
matter you need to stick by him if the
Liberals get his scalp on this thing
then they've essentially won a key
battle it has become this incredibly
partisan polarized issue so yes all of
this is true but it's it's hard for me
not to see what Donald Trump said today
defending scott pruett as not being a
reflection of that conversation in the
conservative sphere we're out of time
but real quickly do you think that the
president's willing to sacrifice his
brand as someone who was going to drain
the swamp for someone who obviously has
no ethics if he's doing all these good
things back it's a question for Trump
tonight and the truth is everything
Phillip just said Trump could pretty
easily I think find somebody else in the
government or outside the government who
would execute the same agenda and have
the same success as Scott Pruett if he
got rid of proof at a bulletproof desk
and NetJets going to the French
restaurant you're out there mr.
president I promise
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
