and thank you at home for joining us
this hour very happy to have you with us
happy Thursday
so our ongoing list of senior level
departures from the White House and the
Trump administration frankly is
quivering in anticipation of another
cabinet secretary being added to this
list so far there are three Trump
cabinet secretaries on this wall the
first was Tom Price who resigned him in
a scandal about his over-the-top luxury
travel spending while running the
Department of Health and Human Services
then there was Rex Tillerson there's Rex
Tillerson Secretary of State his firing
still has a little bit of an asterisk
over it because of the White House lying
about the timing of when exactly Rex
Tillerson was fired and then the White
House firing another senior State
Department official that guy thing
when that guy told the truth about when
Tillerson actually got canned I know
that I'm sort of the only person the
media who's fixated on this but I do
think it's an intriguing open question
why did the White House go to such
lengths to concoct a proven false story
about when exactly Rex Tillerson got
fired as Secretary of State we still
don't know but that false story is why
they had to fire that other guy on the
way out the door as well and then of
course there was David Shulkin the
Secretary of Veterans Affairs who was
also fired recently and again in his
case the White House went to some
lengths to concoct a false story about
that in in David shulk ins case at VA
the administration said that Shulkin
resigned when in fact David Shulkin did
not resign he didn't quit they fired him
and the White House has been caught in a
lie trying to convince people that he
quit when he didn't so the number of
high level departures from the most
chaotic presidential administration in
modern history is itself a remarkable
spectacle
I didn't even used to have to have a
chair that swiveled when it comes to
cabinet officials resigning though the
status spectacle has been even more
chaotic for them than it has been for
these other kinds of officials who have
quit or been forced out and as of
tonight we are on career death watch for
another cabinet official for the head of
the EPA Scott Pruitt
Scott Pruitt's named his title is not
not up there which is starting to feel
astonishing when you consider the now
immense pileup of revelations about his
behavior in office especially when you
consider what we've learned about Scott
Pruett compared to the comparatively
small things that have cost some of
these other people their jobs I mean I
do think it's possible though that
northerner to understand what's going on
with Scott Pruett I think it's possible
that one of the other names that is on
this wall behind me one of the other
names on this list of high-level Trump
administration departures may actually
help us explain a little bit about
what's going on with the Scott Pruett
story with this now quite astonishing
Scott Pruett scandal and I think the guy
who is on this list who could help us
understand what's going on with Scott
Pruett would be where we have them their
special adviser to the President on
regulatory reform that is the sort of
boring title that the Trump
administration gave a very high profile
business guy who president Trump was
very very very excited to brag about
knowing all through the campaign you
know we have the greatest business
people in the world have so many people
endorsing me Carl Icahn great he's a
great natural natural negotiator
Carl Icahn endorsed me we've got car
like Carl Icahn
Carl Icahn Carl Icahn Carl Icahn far
like on Carl Icahn Carl Carl Icahn
tar-like Donna and I have Carl Icahn
Carl Carl Icahn president like to talk
about him a lot during the campaign Carl
Icahn is a very rich very famous
corporate raider who's built up an
absolutely enormous personal fortune as
what they call a shareholder activist he
gets a hold of a controlling interest in
a company sometimes that means he gets
himself or his hand-picked people on the
board of that company and then he uses
that control to pick that company up by
its ankles and shake it until money
comes out of his pockets and sometimes
he forces the kinds of changes on
companies that make them stronger and
more profitable sometimes he just tears
them apart and eat
remaining assets but that is how Carl
Icahn has made his fortune he's not a
specialist in any one area of business
he's basically considered to be kind of
a polymath financial genius but he has
cut a swath through all sorts of
different kinds of companies all over
the country wherever he thinks he can
use them to extract money for his self
himself and the reason Carl Icahn is up
there on that board the reason he didn't
last as special advisor to the President
on regulatory reform is because of this
reporting from Reuters and this
reporting from Patrick Ragan Keith at
The New Yorker magazine both Reuters and
the New Yorker documented in really
granular detail how Carl Icahn
used that Trump administration White
House gig like it was just any other
court Carl Icahn corporate raider
business opportunity he leveraged that
White House gig into what may have ended
up being hundreds of millions of dollars
in personal profit for himself one of
his interests at the time his business
interest was a refinery concern that was
up against significant environmental
costs Carl Icahn was very outspoken
against those environmental regulations
that impose those costs on his refinery
business when he was announced as
Trump's regulations are the market
responded essentially by expecting that
those environmental regulations would go
away well turns out Carl Icahn had
already placed his own bets on the
markets that they would do that and so
when his bet paid off he pocketed tens
of millions of dollars in the value of
his refinery went way way up in direct
relation to actions he took as a
government official to make that happen
so it's slightly more complicated than
that but that's basically the story that
was right out laid out by Reuters and
and The New Yorker so Carl Icahn ended
up up on the board he had to go he
actually quit the night that The New
Yorker article came out about him using
this White House position to make
himself potentially hundreds of millions
of dollars it was amazing right after he
quit the White House went through this
remarkable through the looking-glass
exercise where they actually tried to
pretend that Carl had never had that
White House job in the first place
so what was there to quit the press
release announcing that Carl Icahn had
that job I can't see a press release can
you what press release this doesn't say
that what's really weird in that New
Yorker article though the one that ended
Carl icons brief career as a public
official
we also learned how a PA administrator
scott pruett and got his job in the
first place quote when scott pruett
visited visited trump tower to discuss
the top job at the EPA the
president-elect concluded the interview
by instructing Scott Pruett to walk two
blocks uptown to meet Carl Icahn
according to a Bloomberg news account
Trump told Scott Pruett quote Carl has
some questions for you
Scott Pruett goes up meets with Carl
Icahn Pruett then gets nominated for the
EPA job on December 8th the following
day Carl Icahn says in an interview
quote I've spoken to Scott Pruett four
or five times
I told Donald he's somebody who will do
away with many of the problems at the
EPA
so that is reportedly how Scott Pruett
got his job in the first place Carl gave
it to me since Carl
since Scott Perot got that job at the
EPA he has been an out-of-control open
spigot of scandal scandal and also just
strange news about his preferences and
his priorities and his behavior as head
of this agency it was not a surprise to
anybody that Scott Pruett was going to
be an EPA Administrator who was very
hostile to the EPA and to the
environment in general everybody knew
that right that's what Trump ran on but
it it was a surprise to everyone when we
learned that Scott Pruett was charging
the taxpayers tens of thousands of
dollars initially we thought his around
$20,000 we've since learned it was over
$40,000 to build himself a cone of
silence in his office a soundproof
security booth inside his office at the
EPA where he could have secured
communications without being listened to
by anybody else in the EPA except
presumably the ones who listened to him
through his fillings we also learned
that Scott Pruett charged the taxpayers
to install Mission Impossible style
biometric locks on his office and to
have his office's swept
for bugs then we learned he was charging
taxpayers for an expanded 24 hour a day
7 day a week multi man security detail
which is far in excess of what anybody
else who's ever run that agency has had
in keeping with his security requests we
learned today that Scott Pruett also
sought to have taxpayers buy him a
bulletproof
SUV with run flat tires and he also
wanted taxpayers to buy a reception desk
for the reception desk outside his
office that would be a bulletproof desk
Wow
Pruett also claimed that his very
intense security needs were why he also
had to always fly at least first class
if not on chartered private planes or on
military planes which are even more
expensive than private planes pressed on
the connection between his security
needs and those travel requirements
Scott Pruett later explained that well
someone had once said something rude to
him in an airport it's still unclear
whether the person who said something
rude to him in an airport you know said
whatever he said that offended Scott
Pruett you know hey Scott I think you're
terrible or whatever and then did that
guy also say and by the way I always sit
in coach so you better steer clear of me
and my kind somebody was mean to you in
an airport could you tell he was low
class rabble nobody's ever been mean to
you in first class
you ever talked to the other people in
first class it was clear from the
beginning that there was just a lot of
weird stuff weird and very expensive
stuff about Scott Pruett running this
agency we have since learned that there
was an effort by Pruett staff at the
agency to buy him $100,000 a month
private jet membership so we could have
a private jet on standby at taxpayers
expense whenever he wanted to go
anywhere
we've also since learned that he used an
emergency contingency provision in the
Safe Drinking Water Act a provision
that's meant to hire scientists and
specialists in the event of a drinking
water emergency he used that provision
instead to hire lobbyists and
spokespeople and to give big raises 30
40 $50,000 raises to young staff members
of his who he brought with him from
Oklahoma we then learned that one of
staffer so we gave a $30,000 raise to
she had among her taxpayer-funded
responsibilities the job of shopping for
potential apartments first scott pruett
in washington DC and as you no doubt
have come to know that has since led to
revelations that at least for his first
year in office where scott pruett lived
in DC was in a swanky Capitol Hill
townhouse co-owned by an energy lobbyist
who charged scott pruett the princely
sum of fifty bucks a night to stay there
but he only had to pay for nights when
he actually slept in the building now
that news broke last week it's been
getting even shakey ER for scott pruett
since then he's basically had a two-part
defense as to why nobody should see that
living arrangement as weird part 1 is
that he said the epa ethics staff signed
off on that arrangement while the epa
ethics staff has since clarified that
the only reason they did sign off on
that arrangement is because they didn't
exactly understand that arrangement they
now say they didn't have all the facts
about that and that's the only reason
they okayed it if only we'd known so
that's half of Pruitt's defense on a $50
a night lobbyists house problem the
other half of his defense is that he
says even if he was living in that
lobbyist house for $50 a night he says
that lobbyist did not have any business
before the EPA that lobbyist did not
have any business before his agency why
did you then accept $50 a night to rent
a condo from the wife of a Washington
let's talk about that that is something
that again has been reviewed by ethics
officials here they've said that it's
market rate ranking it from the white
level obvious yeah who has no business
before they say hold on a second so
that's no part is that Williams and
Jensen right major lobbying firm
ExxonMobil is a client mr. Hart mr. Hart
has no clients that has business before
this agency mr. Hart my $50 a night
landlord has no clients to have business
before this agency that was Scott
Pruitt's defense as of last night
turns out mr. Hart
his lobbyists landlord absolutely does
have clients multiple clients with
business before his agency a good run
down on this published tonight by Sam
Stein and Lachlan Marquis at The Daily
Beast detailing at least nine clients of
that lobbyist who absolutely have active
business before the EPA including
Enbridge who Scott Pruett just approved
a very controversial new pipeline for
and a glass manufacturer who just
settled Clean Air Act violations with
the EPA in June and a whole bunch of
other companies at which point it
becomes impossible to imagine this
cabinet official continuing to stay in
this job right given this reported
evidence of corruption and conflict of
interest his defense to what he's done
has been disproven he says was clear by
ethics officials ethics officials are
like oh no we didn't know that he says
these lobbyists didn't have business
before my agency oh yes they absolutely
freakin did but even after that likes
that that end of the road stuff breaks
still more keeps coming about Scott
Pruett still more just today that he
remained he demanded that his security
detail use sirens and lights to get him
through traffic jams in Washington DC
despite the fact that his security
detail told him that wasn't allowed CBS
was first to report on that today saying
that Pruett wanted the lights and sirens
to get him to cut through traffic to go
to an official event well then the New
York Times followed up with their own
reporting that said actually Scott
Pruett told his security detail to do
that thing with the lights and sirens
not just to get him to an official event
but also to get him to the airport and
oftentimes to fancy dinners including
specifically to this restaurant which
apparently he loves to get to in a hurry
and he likes to arrive with a splash
when he dines there in Washington and
the reason we know these kinds of
details about Scott Pruitt's behavior as
EPA administrators because members of
his security team whose telling to use
the lights and sirens there among what
is reportedly a large number of EPA
officials who are
telling reporters that they were demoted
reassigned or effectively fired by Scott
Pruett when they confronted him about
his crazy spending or in one case by a
guy who says he told the White House
personnel office about it and that said
from what we know about the White House
personnel office it appears to be a
place where people go at the White House
to vape and play beer pong
so maybe the office didn't notice Scott
Pruitt's staffer turning up at the door
didn't knock him out even if Scott
Pruett noticed and allegedly retaliated
by demoting that guy who complained
about him to the White House since this
this avalanche of unflattering news has
come down the mountain and landed on top
of Scott Pruett both Scott Pruitt's
critics and and prude himself have
complained complained a little bit that
this might be what costs Scott Pruitt
his job that he's getting all this
attention not necessarily for his
substantive actions as EPA chief but for
this ethic stuff I have I have heard
that criticism from from Pruett but also
from people who are real critics of
Pruett in terms of what he's been trying
to do at the EPA I actually think the
important thing to recognize about the
Scott Pruett disaster is that his ethic
stuff and his substantive behavior as
the head of the EPA are not at all
separate things and Carl Icahn is part
of what proves it just just pick out one
of these little scandals right the
Inspector General at the EPA is
reportedly looking into all this luxury
travel that Scott Pruett has taken on
the taxpayers time one of the most
lavish of those trips was a trip he took
first-class along with seven staffers
and an undisclosed number of staff from
his protective detail to Morocco in
December and there's all sorts of
amazing Scott Pruett ethics thorns on
this particular rose right why were they
all flying first-class why did he bring
seven people plus a full security detail
with him one of the people he brought
with him was one of those staffers who
he gave a $50,000 bump in salary to
courtesy of the safe drinking water act
a salary bump he now denies knowing
anything about another one of the
staffers he brought is a woman named
Samantha Travis who quit the agency
sometime in the last few days amidst all
this scandal we just
learned about her quitting today the top
Democrat on the Senate Environment
Committee Senator Tom Carper last week
sent the EPA inspector general a request
to look into Dre vyses employment at EPA
because he says he's been notified that
for all of November December in January
Dre vez didn't show up to work even
though she was quote likely compensated
as a full-time employee throughout that
time well during that time she did
apparently go on that first-class trip
to Morocco and according to a letter
from congressman Elijah Cummings that
was just released tonight part of the
fun of that trip to Morocco was that
they all took a layover on the way on
the way to Morocco they decided to stay
overnight in Paris on a Saturday night
December 9th
Saturday night and it must have been a
good time or something because according
to congressman Cummings they quote
missed their connecting flight from
Paris to Morocco at 10:25 the next
morning and so that meant a whole nother
day and night in Paris this big Morocco
EPA trip only actually resulted in one
day in Morocco but it resulted in lots
of time in Paris for Scott Pruett and
his whole entourage all flying
first-class including his peeps from
Oklahoma who got them he got the big
raises for and this other aide who
allegedly wasn't actually doing any work
at the time at least not for that month
or the month before or the month after
even though taxpayers were allegedly
still paying her salary sounds like the
kind of tour for which they should have
made t-shirts at the end right but
here's the here's the thing what was
this trip to Morocco for The Washington
Post reported at the time Scott Pruett
and a crew of EPA aides as you see in
the headline they're just spent four
days in Morocco promoting natural gas
that's weird right Peru it went over
there and met with Moroccan officials he
tried to talk them into making a major
change in the Moroccan economy
he went to Morocco took this whole trip
to convince the Moroccan government that
they should start importing liquefied
natural gas from the United States to
meet that country's energy needs that is
a weird thing for an EPA Administrator
to do as the Post noted at the time
quote the EPA
plays no formal role in overseeing
natural gas exports such activities are
overseen by other US government agencies
like the Energy Department and the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
FERC so as ABC News has reported the
only active liquefied natural gas export
plant in the entire United States at
that time was one owned by a company
called Cheniere Energy well tenir Energy
is a Carl Icahn joint Carl Icahn major
shareholder activist shareholder it's
kind of fun to read through all the
business reporting about Carl Icahn
using his leverage at Cheniere Energy to
get the CEO of the company fired he was
that big a shareholder he had that kind
of power a chin ear energy Cheniere
Energy the only liquefied natural gas
export terminal in the United States if
you're gonna buy liquefied natural gas
from the United States you're gonna get
it through Cheniere Energy Carl Icahn is
a controlling shareholder Carl Icahn
gets scott pruett his job Scott Pruett
inexplicably flies to Morocco on the
taxpayers dime yes and what does he go
there for to promote Cheniere Energy to
try to persuade inexplicably to try to
persuade Morocco to import American
natural gas to the benefit of Pappa Carl
ikons pet financial project of the
moment and if this seems far-fetched
keep in mind this all happens just
before Carl Icahn has to resign in a big
scandal from this administration over a
totally separate matter where he was
allegedly using his government position
to enrich himself and benefit companies
in which he was a big investor and yes
yes in addition to his connection to
Carl Icahn Scott Pruett at the time was
also living for fifty bucks a night in
the home of the principle lobbyist
fortune ear energy
so all this to say don't worry about
whether the focus on the the bonfire of
Scott Pruitt's ethics is somehow
distracting from the attention that
ought to be paid to his behavior as head
of the EPA it is all one in the same
story but as of tonight he is still in
that job anybody know why hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
