day 6:23 of the Trump administration a
fast-moving day in this drama
surrounding the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh for the Supreme Court earlier
this evening Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell set the first vote on
Kavanagh for 10:30 tomorrow morning that
would put the Senate on a timeline for a
final confirmation vote possibly late
Saturday night but it's complicated as
we will deal with in just a moment
the president talked up his nominee at
yet another rally tonight this time in
Rochester Minnesota you see what's going
on in Congress right now with one of the
most respected people potentially
hopefully Supreme Court justice what
they're putting him through and his
family his family is incredible what
they're putting them through back to
Washington now this has been a day of
drama and high emotion on Capitol Hill
public outrage over Kavanagh erupted in
Washington inside the heart Senate
office building the one with the large
atrium that's where they saw the most
protesters the most people taken into
custody they unfurled banners and they
staged a sit-in and again today they
tried to corner members of the committee
listen to this exchange between
protesters and Utah Republican senator
orrin hatch
not quite the elevator moment with
Senator Jeff Flake from late last week
this was all happening exactly one week
after Brett Kavanaugh and dr. Christine
Blasi Ford the woman who accused him of
sexual assault both testified
back-to-back before the Senate Judiciary
Committee
the FBI's report on its background
investigation into her allegation as
well as that of Deborah Ramirez her
claim that Cavanaugh exposed himself to
her at Yale they were officially
released to members of the full Senate
today NBC News has learned that the FBI
spoke with nine people during its
inquiry lawmakers have been reviewing
the one copy of the findings in the
Senate's sensitive compartmented
information facility a secure room known
in the trade by the acronym skiff and
right now the focus is on those who are
publicly uncommitted to voting for
Cavanaugh they are must know them by
heart by now Republicans Lisa Murkowski
of Alaska Susan Collins of Maine jeff
flake of Arizona plus one Democrat West
Virginia Senator Joe Manchin the other
senator on that list until earlier today
was Democrat Heidi Heitkamp of North
Dakota she announced her decision on
live television with a local station
back home in her home state this isn't a
political decision if this were a
political decision for me I certainly
would be deciding this the other way I
can't get up in the morning and look at
the life experience that I've had and
say yes to Judge Cavanaugh so here's
where we are two storylines have now
emerged following the release of this
FBI report on Cavanaugh first the
Republicans top members of the Judiciary
Committee walked into a press briefing
with reporters today and while no one
wanted to sound like ageism some
couldn't help but do the simple math
here a combined age of 416 years an
average age of 69 years
and as a group today their tone was one
of vindication what we know for sure is
the FBI report did not corroborate any
of the allegations against judge
Kavanaugh I feel very good about where
this nomination is right now this person
is very well-qualified no corroboration
no confirmation of any of these
outrageous accusations that have been
made against him Democrats in the
meantime are calling into question the
integrity of this investigation and
questioning the White House role in
engineering the result in advance we had
many fears that this was a very limited
process having received a thorough
briefing on the documents those fears
have been realized
the most notable part of this report is
what's not in it it looks to be a
product of an incomplete investigation
that was limited perhaps by the White
House the Democrats also continue to
point to what a very angry judge
Kavanagh had to say during last week's
hearing this whole two-week effort has
been a calculated and orchestrated
political hit fueled with apparent
pent-up anger about president Trump and
the 2016 election fear that has been
unfairly stoked about my judicial record
revenge on behalf of the Clintons and
millions of dollars in money from
outside left-wing opposition groups and
as we all know in the United States
political system of the early 2000s what
goes around comes around tonight in an
unusual move Judge Cavanaugh has written
an op-ed for The Wall Street Journal it
is called I am an independent impartial
judge and he writes in it quote I was
very emotional last Thursday more so
than I have ever been I might have been
too emotional at times I know that my
tone was sharp and I said a few things I
should not have said he goes on to write
going forward you
can count on me to be the same kind of
judge and person I have been for my
entire 28-year legal career hard-working
even-keeled open-minded independent and
dedicated to the constitution and the
public good
The Washington Post opinion page has its
own assessment of that same man tonight
advising senators to vote no on this
confirmation the post says it's the
first time it as an organization has
made this type of recommendation since
Robert Bork's failed nomination back in
1987 with all of that established let's
bring in our leadoff panel on a Thursday
night starting with our correspondent on
the hill Garrett Haake Robert Costa
national political reporter for The
Washington Post moderator of Washington
week on PBS and Sabrina sadiki's back
with us political reporter for The
Guardian all three of these individuals
were on the hill today covering the
chaos surrounding this confirmation
Garret I'd like to begin with you around
mid evening we heard a new name might be
in play that a Republican senator from
Colorado had been visited as so many
offices have been by some victims from
back home doing what constituents do
talking to their member of the Senate
this is a huge vote for everybody but
since the evening has gone on Garrett I
also want to hear about your moment
outside Murkowski z' office since the
evening has gone on it looks to have
stabilized yeah that's right Bryan so
earlier in the evening there were some
rumblings that Cory Gardner Republican
senator from Colorado might be wavering
in his support of Judge Cavanaugh in
part based on conversations he had had
with sexual assault survivors who had
visited his office but Gartner's also
the chairman of the NRS see the campaign
arm for Republicans running for Senate
defending their Senate seats he's very
much a part of the Republican leadership
and as the night wore on it became
increasingly clear that was probably not
quite as much of a waiver as we had
thought his office ultimately put out a
statement saying that there was nothing
in the FBI background check that has
changed his support for judge Kavanaugh
but as you said Gardner was far from the
only senator being visited by sexual
assault survivors today and I came
across a
group of women from Alaska who had been
meeting with senator Lisa Murkowski
today in a couple of different groups
some of these women were sexual assault
survivors some were not when I met the
last group of them they had just left
her office they were 18 strong maybe
seven or eight of them were openly in
tears as they came out and they
described to me a meeting that was more
than an hour long with just the senator
and one other aide in the room in which
they described their experience and and
really pressed Lisa Murkowski to vote no
and they told me that she was very
receptive to them was very respectful to
them and heard them out and to me one of
the more interesting things about this
Brian is this was not something that was
advertised by Murkowski x' office it
wasn't leaked by staff it was not the
kind of meeting that you have to check a
box and say you're consulting with
constituents this shows the kind of
carefulness that this one particular
senator who is on the fence and in the
middle of so many of these controversial
issues is putting into this vote and I'd
have to say if you're watching one of
those three Republicans who's perhaps
most likely to vote no it might be
Murkowski she's got a lot of political
cover her governor doesn't like this
nominee she's heard a lot from her
constituents and she has kept her cards
exceptionally close to the vest as she
often does on these issues she's who I'm
watching tomorrow morning Robert Costa
let's talk about the op-ed that showed
up in the pages of the Wall Street
Journal tonight nothing about this has
been normal sure isn't normal to hear
from a Supreme Court nominee in an op-ed
like this in this case Kavanaugh
switching to his indoor voice to talk
about what he meant to say it's a
strategic move by the White House they
know this nomination is on the brink of
maybe falling apart as all these
moderate Republican senators even some
conservative Republicans privately
voiced concerns to White House Counsel
Don Magan in others and if you're going
to The Wall Street Journal editorial
page they used to be edited by Bob
Bartley it's the high church really for
a lot of these elite conservative
lawyers and Republican lawmakers and in
officials and they look to that if
you're going there that means you have a
direct message for that block of the
Republican Party
Sabrina Jerry Ford didn't get to be
president for long but while he was
president he appointed a young brilliant
Chicago jurist named John Paul Stevens
who became a firm member
of the liberal wing of the court before
his retirement I'm going to play for you
what justice former justice Stevens said
at a forum in Florida that was scheduled
before knowing this was all going to be
a thing we'll talk about it on the other
side I thought he had definitely the
qualifications for people to be sit on
the Supreme Court
the hearings caused me to change my mind
he has demonstrated a potential bias and
that the senator should really pay
attention to it so Sabrina we've mashed
up the essence of what he was saying
today he has defended him as a jurist as
a lawyer but once he saw the behavior
and this is where so many people have
hopped off he changed his mind
absolutely there are two storylines that
emerge from last week's hearing and one
was of course the circumstances around
the alleged sexual assault and having
dr. Christine Blasi Ford's testimony
against that of Judge Cavanaugh's the
other was a strikingly partisan tone
that Judge Cavanaugh took in his own
testimony and he's of course written
this op-ed in part I think because of
the comments from justice Stevens and
others who have raised concerns over the
issue of impartiality now it's worth
noting that Judge Cavanaugh has cited
his emotions during the hearing but he
was reading from a prepared statement
and I think in part that was because
last Thursday he was performing for an
audience of one and that was the
President of the United States tonight
as he's written this op-ed in the Wall
Street Journal of course he is appealing
to some of those moderate Republicans
who might be on the fence in part
because they are very much concerned as
to whether or not he can be seen as a
neutral arbiter from the highest bench
in this country and I do think that
justice Stevens might be one of those
people who at the last stage has
prompted some of those lawmakers Jeff
Flake Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins
to have more pause it's important to
recall Jeff Flake sat at the Atlantic
Festival or this week in Washington that
we cannot have that kind of behavior on
the court that the temperament that
Judge common displayed during that
hearing that that could not cope that
cannot proceed
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
