company reveals the number of users who
may have had their information shared
with the data firm now up to 87 million
Facebook issued those updated figures
yesterday saying it reflects an estimate
of the total number of users whose data
could have been acquired by Cambridge
analytical found the announcement of
those new numbers Cambridge analytic
eschewed a statement disputing the
figures saying in part it license data
for no more than 30 million people and
that it did not receive more data than
that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg also
announced yesterday the company would
offer all of its users the same tools
and controls required under European
privacy rules those rules which go into
effect next month give people more
control over how companies use their
digital data Zuckerberg did stop short
though of making the rules the standard
for the social network across the world
joining us now editor of commentary
magazine contributing editor at The
Weekly Standard columnist at the New
York Post and Bachelor analyst John
Fedora's don't worry I won't ask you
about the bachelor game today John
recently wrote a column for the post
titled sorry Facebook was never free in
it he writes did you think the company
that has allowed you to consume news and
opinion at no cost whatsoever to you was
doing so out of the goodness of its
collective heart there is not an adult
in this country who shouldn't know
better from radio to broadcast TV to the
Internet the model has been the same you
sell yourself your ears your eyeballs
your attention and you get entertainment
in exchange everything has a cost if you
forgot that or refused to see it in your
relationship with Facebook or believe
any of these things sorry
you are a fool you just didn't care
until you cared until that is you
decided this was a convenient way of
explaining away the victory of Donald
Trump in the 2016 election
honestly it's time to stop being fools
and start owning up to our role in all
of this John we talked about this
yesterday when this story broke which is
that we've spent the last 10 decade or
more giving everything giving everything
giving your your i unanimity giving your
photos giving all your personal
information and never really considering
what was happening on the other side of
that yeah but as I said there's
something
inherently foolish about this over the
years there have been stories year after
year that say if you post your photo on
Facebook Facebook has some ownership of
that photo if you put information up
about you know if you your posts are not
your personal property this is a free
site you go there you spend no money you
or you do not pay them a cent and the
exchange is that they get your
information and your data and they are
peddling it as a global ecosystem of
information and the notion that somehow
in eleven years after 12 years after
Facebook really explodes that people go
oh my god what are they doing this is
just terrible has a disingenuous quality
to it I mean I think most of them most
of you know rank and file people who use
Facebook don't think about these things
in this kind of holistic way about
what's going on and what it gets from
you but you can't go someplace for an
hour and a half two hours a day and hang
out there like if you went to a star but
they throw you out after 30 minutes and
you don't buy a cup of coffee
so you're the cup of coffee when you're
on Facebook Joe Jon you you talk about
it's disingenuous for people to be
surprised and you connect it to the
election of Donald Trump I perhaps it's
just a sheep like quality that we've all
been engaging in for the better part of
the decade because over the past year
aside from Donald Trump aside from
politics we've been learning that people
are listening in that when we say
certain things suddenly ads pop up on on
our screens the federal government this
past week is now warning us that when we
talk on telephones or we send text it's
going to be likely going to be
intercepted by foreign governments
aren't we all beginning to wake up to
all the threats all the concerns not
just from Facebook but from you know
using our iPhone
by using her Samsung's by using all of
these things that we thought actually
freed us
and liberated us but actually is sending
all of our information either directly
to governments across the world or to
some of the largest tech companies on
the planet right so you download an app
right on your phone and the app is free
and then you get this service right you
get this you know the app will serve you
up apartments for rent in your area or
where you could get the best vacation or
this or that and the other thing where
do people think those apps have the
hundreds of people working for the how
they're getting paid you know how does
that work that's I think part of the
role of an honest adult consumer is to
understand that there is a transaction
in every transaction I'll tell you a
quick story so I have a website
commentary magazine com we use Google
Ads
Google Ads is a sir passive ad server
and then they put up ads on your site
and you get some money at the end of the
month and those ads follow the interests
of the person who's you know reading it
at the time so but I got calls 2009-2010
somebody would call me and say you have
to take this at its disgusting I got
this ad for toe fungus and it's sitting
there and it's really ugly and it makes
me sick and I would say you know we
didn't that's why we're not we didn't
sell that ad right you sold that ad and
then people there's this kind of like
shock moment so Cadi the 87 million
numbers the headline out of Facebook but
if you read through the statement from
the chief technology officer he says
this given the scale and sophistication
of the activity we've seen we believe
most people on Facebook there are 2
billion people on Facebook could have
had their public profile scraped in this
way so they actually don't even know the
extent of the problem right let me ask
you this John on Monday Facebook will
start alerting people about whether they
had their data stolen right they're
saying is 87 million there could be I
guess
many more do you think when you receive
your little notification on your phone
you are one of those people whose data
has been stolen or misused and sent to
Cambridge analytical and potentially had
an impact in the 2016 election that that
will actually make a difference that
people will start thinking wow this is
real I suppose so although again I think
the exchange is not an unfair exchange
these are people say Facebook you know
what I don't want to be part of this I'm
going to if I get an okay facebook
facebook says that a rather shockingly
large number of its users spend an hour
to two hours a day on Facebook so if
they are confronted with the fact that
they will have to stop spending 15 hours
a week on Facebook or whether it's okay
with them that Facebook it hasn't hurt
them very much what do you think they're
gonna do I don't know the answer to that
but remember the other thing is we
talked about it the data being stolen or
misused Facebook has ensued Cambridge
analytical phase book hasn't hasn't
sought to impose any kind of legal
remedy on any of the businesses that it
did business with with this data because
it's not illegal it's not a misuse of
the data it's exactly what Facebook
wanted to happen with the data they
wanted these third party people to use
it so that they would bring people to
the site and keep people at the site
we're gonna have much more on toe fungus
with John parrots and his next
appearance I know we're out of time toe
fungus in The Bachelor one in the same
actually John thanks so much coming up
next time Morning Joe I do believe that
as we do our work and it's we're focused
on these types of things they are
transformational and anytime that you do
transformational things there are
critics and there are people that come
against you in that regard right this
place has been look it's been a place
for years that has been used by the left
the environmental left to advance an
agenda embattled epa chief scott pruett
blames the left for a series of
controversies surrounding his tenure
that combative in an interview with Edie
Henry at Fox News will show more of it
including his reaction to reports that
his top staffers were given big raises
over the
objections of the white house keep it on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
