meanwhile a group of migrants travelling
through Mexico recently captured the
president's attention the caravan which
some estimates place at up to 1,500
people became national news after the
president tweeted about it on Easter
Sunday many attributed that tweet to a
segment on Fox and Friends that morning
there's the banner caravan of immigrants
headed to us so how these events were
embellished at the center of new
reporting by the New York Times is
Jeremy Peters who argue such
exaggerations are a staple of Trump
Fanning the flames of misinformation
similar to his retweeting mislabeled
videos from the far-right extremist
group Britain first or last February
when Trump confused both Americans and
Swedes about a terror attack that did
not exist and Jeremy Peters joins us now
Jeremy talked through this a little bit
what kind of story the president sees is
on and how it becomes a big national and
sometimes international story the
headline Caravan and the images of these
people making their way through Mexico I
just knew it was gonna be the kind of
story that the right-wing media was
going to latch onto and it was quickly
take a dark turn through the blogosphere
and through Fox and Friends and wind up
in president Trump's head I mean just
think about it Willie the images of over
a thousand Central Americans making
their way toward the US border was
almost too much for the president and
his enablers and the conservative media
to resist but as is so often the case
with these stories whether they're
partially true partially embellished or
entirely made up the facts quickly
become irrelevant and the president
becomes the chief accelerant to the
flames so take a look at the migrants
these people they twelve hundred or so
quickly became thousands in president
Trump's words thousands he said from the
White House were making their way toward
the border that just was simply not true
because all of the reporting even the
initial report that triggered this in
BuzzFeed said that there was a good
portion of these migrants who were never
going to come to the US they were going
to stay in Mexico and resettle there
furthermore they weren't going to
illegally enter the country at least men
of them were not going to they were
going to go through the legal process of
declaring themselves at a border
checkpoint
well no miles of fencing or battalions
of Border Patrol agents could have
prevented that they were doing something
that was entirely lawful so what you see
here is as an embellishment and really a
villain ization with immigrants in that
is in keeping with president Trump's
stoking the grievances and fears that
people in this country have about new
entrants well and caddy the the lies and
the embellishments continue daily of
course they did start as Jon Meacham
said with birtherism but I mean as
president of the United States here we
have a guy that's lying our our
misquoting facts about Swedish terror
attacks that were his chief spokesperson
talked about the bowling-green mass the
bowling-green massacre and then of
course you had the president United
States retweeting fascist videos that
were made from Great Britain this is a
this is a man that not only moves policy
on misinformation falsehoods and lies
but also undermines key relationships
across the globe because he obviously
his words obviously can't be trusted
right and saying there are parts of
other countries that people can't go to
because they're terrified of the
violence there he does it repeatedly and
there is a common theme whether it's
talking about London Paris Amsterdam
whether it's talking about Sweden and it
does have to do with this idea of
immigrants and foreigners and keeping
other people out of your country what's
interesting I thought Jeremy in your
reporting is that on the case of this
caravan of people coming across Mexico
actually we have seen some conservative
media outlets push back against some of
this disinformation and I just picked up
you know the Breitbart story saying look
actually you know what let's clarify
this these people are not storming the
border wall they are going to actually
go through legal processes and I just
thought that was an interesting
departure especially when we've seen
also an interview on Fox News with that
Henry pushing back against Scott Pruett
quite forcefully as well you wonder
whether there are some
elements of the mains mains I don't even
know if you call break the hot
mainstream anymore but some elements of
conservative newspapers and I'm media
outlets he was saying hold on a second
let's actually just put some kind of
reality check here yeah that's exactly
right this reporter from Breitbart news
who covers border migration issues
started noticing the false information
spreading on Twitter after a story that
he wrote over the weekend published and
people were saying this is an army of
illegal alien invaders and he said no
hold on a second this is not the case
these people are going to go through a
lawful process here at least a lot of
them are some of them will surely sneak
across the border but but it became a
story of an invading Central American
army of ingrates who were coming to the
United States to leech off of our social
services and in the human and the
humanitarian aspect of their trek up
here was completely lost and ignored in
much of the right-wing media and and
President Trump only mentioned that
after he was asked about it at a scrum
in the White House so these these people
become so quickly villainized in an
effort to politicize this and make it
into an issue over we are why the wall
needs to be built or why our laws need
to be strengthened and how we're a weak
nation it's it's it's really an
unfortunate to watch but Willie we've
we've watched over the past decade since
we've been working together 10 11 years
and we've been in media long enough to
know that you have people on the floor
right and you have people in the far
left that will take a little kernel of
truth yeah and then they will expand it
and they will turn it into this raging
controversy it will whip up frenzy and
it'll get the listeners on the far right
or the far left to tune in more it'll
get you know cable news ratings up it'll
get radio listeners up it'll get website
traffic up and and unfortunately that's
just been the reality but the problem
here is you actually for the first time
have a president who listens to that
misinformation that is being used
to make money in these media cottage
industries where you you don't you
narrow cast to the most extreme on your
own side and he's listening to these
people and he's he's walking through the
fevered swamps with them and he's
dragging the United States Constitution
and seventy years of American foreign
policy through those fever and swamps
with him and significant damage is being
done and it's not just that he listens
to them in some cases they become his
senior advisors in the case of Steve
banning a coming from Breitbart they ran
his operation they in for Hannity Gareth
Sean Hannity who we still listen to they
inform his worldview and ultimately
policy it's worth pointing out at the
end of all this by the way that that
Caravan that group of migrants has
announced it's going to stop in Mexico
City next week and will not make its way
up to the United States after all Jeremy
Peters thanks so much as always good to
see you thank you alright still ahead
this morning more fallout for Facebook
it appears the Cambridge analytic and
data leak affected more users than
originally thought and millions more
that stories next and Morning Joe thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
