more now what we're learning about a
pending report from the special counsels
office an opinion piece in today's
Washington Post by greg sargent
highlights its importance writing quote
Muller is planning a report on Trump's
conduct particularly as it relates to
actions on his part that could
constitute obstruction of justice the
piece then poses this question
well Muller's findings ever get released
in some form most likely yes but there
are some very unpleasant scenarios that
could intervene including the very real
possibility that congressional
Republicans will do all they can to keep
Muller's report under wraps in the end
the information will land in the House
and Senate Judiciary Committee's joining
us now is Senator mazie Hirono Democrat
from Hawaii she's a member of the Senate
Judiciary Committee as well as the Armed
Services Committee thank you so much I
was gonna say for staying up with us but
it's not that late for you thank you for
being here with us let me just have to
be with you Nicole let me ask you first
about this Washington Post report and
about the revelation in that report that
Bob Muller does plan on producing and
delivering a report on the president's
conduct in office how concerned are you
that that could contain details of the
president obstructing justice well I'd
like to know whether the president
obstructed justice I'd like to know what
the Russians did and continue to do to
interfere with our elections I'd like to
know what the president Trump and his
team had to do with with the Russian
efforts I would like to know all these
things and I think the public deserves
to know what's in the molar report once
he issues it and once his investigation
is completed if you look at the recent
history of at least one committee I'm
thinking of the house Intel committee
they've essentially functioned as a
political arm for the president
releasing their their memo on the
Russian investigation over the grave
concerns that the president's own
appointee the director of the FBI
Christopher Rea what is your degree of
concern about whether or not you'll be
able to see the report and whether or
not you'll be able to share Bob Miller's
findings with the public well I
certainly will be among those who call
for the public
to know exactly what happened and to see
the substance of the report so my hope
is that in the Judiciary Committee that
Chuck Grassley our chairman would be
just as concerned and would support the
release the report so that the public
can know what the heck happened HR
McMaster the president's fired National
Security Advisor becomes the latest
outgoing Trump official to ingest some
truth serum and sound a far more
frightening alarm bell about Russia and
the fact that the Russians have not paid
enough of a price for their role in
meddling in 2016
do you have confidence that the
president has permitted his national
security team to do the things they need
to do to protect our elections or do you
worry that testimony from the FBI
director from the head of the NSA the
remarks from HR McMaster are sort of
Christ for help and signals to people
like yourself that we are not getting
ourselves on a war footing for Russia's
potential intervention in 2018 I don't
think we have a coherent strategy that
involves the various departments that
have something to do with responsibility
for getting to the bottom of what the
Russians are doing so that would include
homeland security the Secretary of State
the Department of Defense and so some of
these people have come before both my
Judiciary Committee as well as the Armed
Services Committee and I and others have
asked so you know what is your role in
making sure that we have a way to
prevent Russia continuing to interfere
with our elections and there are all
kinds of well that's really not our
peace but they each have a piece and
there's no coherent strategy to counter
what the Russians are doing and this is
why the Mullen investigation is so
critical to getting to the bottom of
what the Russians did and what the
president and his team did
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
