well in the miniseries about Robert
mother's investigation there gonna be a
lot of dramatic scenes in airports and a
lot of different airports
it seems that Robert Mahler's FBI agents
are doing a lot of their work in
American airports they first secretly
arrested George papadopolis when he got
off a plane at Washington Dulles Airport
in July and tonight the New York Times
is reporting that in February federal
agents stopped
Joel's Amell and Austral an Australian
entrepreneur at National Airport in
Washington and briefly seized his
electronic devices The Times is also
reporting tonight about four weeks ago
FBI agents working with mr. mullahs team
stopped a Russian oligarch at New York
at a New York area airports and him
about his dealings with mr. Trump and
seized his electronics according to a
person familiar with the matter and Ted
Malek a Trump campaign adviser was
stopped at Logan Airport in Boston where
when he returned from an international
trip
FBI agents reportedly took his cell
phone and questioned him about Roger
stone and WikiLeaks and Jorge nadir
became a cooperating witness after he
was stopped at Dulles Airport in January
Jorge nadir is emerging as a more and
more complex figure in the investigation
with connections stretching from the
United Arab Emirates to Russia the New
York Times has new reporting on the
extent of George inators connections
with Russia Nader is a Lebanese American
businessman who used his Russian
connections to set up what has now
become too close followers of this drama
the famous meeting in the seashells
between Trump transition advisor Erick
prints and the manager of a state-run
Russian investment fund people familiar
with the meeting have now told the New
York Times that its purpose was quote in
part to explore the possibility of a
back-channel for discussions between the
Trump administration and the Kremlin
according to The Times most
investigators have been pressing quote
for details about a meeting mr. nadir
attended in New York in early 2017 with
Jared Kushner and Steve Bannon at the
office of the hedge fund manager Richard
Gerson of
mr. Kushner's at the time of that
meeting Kushner and Bannon were White
House advisors to the president one
focus of the investigation is whether
any Russians illegally funneled cash
donations into the Trump presidential
campaign and inauguration and there are
new developments surrounding Roger
stones contact with WikiLeaks founder
Julian Assange The Wall Street Journal
reported that in an email dated August
4th 2016 mr. stone wrote I dined with
Julian Assange last night according to a
copy of the message reviewed by The Wall
Street Journal on the same day that
Roger stone sent that email
August 4th 2016 he appeared on the
right-wing conspiracy theory show
Infowars
saying that Julian Assange has proof of
scandals at the Clinton Foundation let's
remember that their defense if all of
the Clinton Foundation scandals has been
not we didn't do it has been you have no
proof yes but you have no proof well I
think Julian Assange has that proof and
I think he's going to furnish it to the
American people in that same appearance
Roger stone said that he spoke to Donald
Trump the day before which was exactly
the same day he says he dined with
Julian Assange
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
