- announced today the president travel
issue a proclamation to send National
Guard troops to the US border with
Mexico homeland security secretary
Kirsten Nielsen said the president's
frustrated by the inability to secure
the border through bipartisan
legislation however the Washington Post
reports there may be another
consideration at play writing one
advisor who speaks off of the Trump so
that the president has been concerned
about his political base since he signed
into law last month a spending bill that
did not fund the wall or some of his
other immigration plans and it he was
carefully monitored recent criticism
particularly on Fox News let's bring in
the hardball roundtable for that in
Lensky Nash deployed a reporter for the
Boston Globe Hosea reach the moon yo is
Democratic strategist and former deputy
press secretary for the DNC and John
Bray Pender's a Republican strategist as
we know
Danya one who we know what does that
mean sorry I'm trying to point out your
familiarity here it's all Y all positive
I think what got the look the I checked
the latest numbers on illegal
immigration across the board it's about
a hundred thousand a year people get
escape or get past the border guard it
hasn't going up it's going down over
years it's not like it was was six
hundred thousands of years ago it's
about 100 thousand said small town
basically coming in every year if you
will so what's new pussycat why is over
sudden Trump going crazy let's talk
about tooth is it because Ann Coulter
delivered an interview with Frank
magrooney of the New York Times in which
he basically warned him you're losing
the base if you don't put that wall up
that wall she said not something like it
not more barbed wire not more not more
soldiers the wall let's be clear on a
couple things first of all we're all
like oh my god she's sending the
National Guard I believe it was
President Obama who did that in 2010 so
there's a precedent for this and
President Bush I believed it as well so
number what's their duty there what do
they do with their rifle let me put
military people third this whole idea
that he's playing to the base I find
amazing because first of all he talked
about this during the entire campaign he
won in states like Wisconsin which
hadn't voted for a Republican for
president since 1980 for Michigan and
Pennsylvania since 1988 what's your
point my point is we now are seen that
the Democrats are claiming his base
evidently are Democrats in Wisconsin
Michigan Ohio Barletta who's running for
Senator in Pennsylvania on the
immigration issue working families in
Pennsylvania I care a lot about this
issue I'm saying his president got
elected because he's the first one in a
long time with the resolve to do
something about it
he's been talking about this and the
white buckle in the wall and ability the
spending book but why why why did he
buckle why did he sign this I know the
congressman wanted and people like
Pelosi resto when I go in there kick
Odell's we know what all that was about
they got to get out of town yeah but why
did he sign a bill without anything
really in the wall in it yeah I mean
could have gotten doc he said you guys
can have daca I'll take the wall let me
go with a deal like you know I think
that's a it's a good question but I
think that you saw the momentum for that
bill I mean I think at that point Trump
wanted to win and that's what that was I
mean remember the sort of the the
brinksmanship that we have become used
to with these budgets and I think
finally the insight there was this win
and now there's a lot of momentum for
that and then you know once you get once
you get the win and make the compromise
that's when you start seeing the
blowback and as you know what this
president he doesn't always think you
know two steps ahead
Hosea give me your thoughts on this
subject of the whole question of the
wall the federal troops going down there
now
I don't know what soldiers do with their
rifles because it's not about shooting
guys or people crossing the border no
Americans gonna go along with that or
hardly anybody right so what are we
talking about troops on the border
what's it mean this is the reality the
National Guard if they're being directed
by the federal government they cannot do
anything they cannot arrest anybody so
it's a way to the law under the law
right this is the law so it's it's a
waste of money the the reality of the
matter is that the president is upset
because he's not getting the money for
the wall right first and foremost
Mexico's no gonna pay for it if there
ever is gonna be a wall the Americans
are gonna pay for it so and by the way
Chris a majority of Americans don't want
the wall so he's doing this for pure
optics he wants to play to the base John
and this I just want the Democrats to
acknowledge his base includes a lot of
Democrats in states like Pennsylvania
Michigan Ohio and Wisconsin do we agree
with that that that's part of his I
think he's
use that in Tony told us once again to
vote for him that's who won the election
so you can't say that's not part of his
base the second thing is I'm finding an
amazing that you're saying this was a
terrible idea where was everybody saying
this was a terrible idea when President
Obama there's no cry for it I mean I
think that's the difference here is you
haven't had Republican governors and
there are three of those for border
state governors are Republican governors
and they haven't there hasn't been a hue
and a cry for it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
