joining me now is Reverend Jesse Jackson
he was with dr. King today died and he
joins us from Memphis where the Lorraine
Motel has now become the site of the
National Civil Rights Museum Reverend
Jackson with you on this day sir through
the last day was alive those three moves
Jesus one let this cup pass from me he
fasted free with the same kind of three
moons the relaxed mood that it seems to
me that night came across the courtyard
around around five o'clock suggest
really this really and we laugh
got my shirt and ties to doctor per
example that Italian lab we played these
sit the branch please play my favorite
songs I thought he did so and instantly
the bullet hidden to throw that how how
much did you fear a day like that how
much did he fear a day like that coming
he said there's no defense against
ambushes sabotage so we don't walk
around
hypnagogic live out your life reeling so
we did not about marking this occasion
you noted that at the time of his death
he wasn't a very popular figure in
America he was a polarizing figure in
America today he's revered in as much as
any American dead or alive he's probably
as popular as any American dead or alive
put that in perspective we love mothers
but marches with the make demands upon
us some time marches can embarrass us
she said my job is to disturb the
comfortable and comfort the disturb so
if you were good today in Memphis this
is 60 percent black 32% in poverty that
would make it uncomfortable here black
Americans today who work make less than
$15 an hour so we're working poor people
and others in credit card debt so
there's a march as long as they as a
marching he would challenge unnecessary
war so as a martyr it's a threat but as
a mother we can embrace his mother them
you always have a way with words
Reverend Jackson aye
well done and what put on that one let
me ask you this dr. King today
what would he make of the renewed
activism we've been seeing whether it's
young kids and guns
whether it's the women's March the black
lives matter movement it's very
interesting there are millennial
movements all over the country women
people of color young kids what would he
make of this move of what we're seeing
in the last two years he would be
excited the idea of young people
marching to ban assault weapons reduce
violence after all a million that
haven't been killed since he was killed
here by gunfire fifty years ago he
thought that the the accentuation of
violence was was too much the burden for
the nation to ban secondly to see us
fighting to free Mandela really was part
of his Drive a women finds the Equal
Rights Amendment Jen they were acquitted
in general respect these movements would
excite them very much this kind of
nonviolent discipline direct act he felt
was the key to changing America for the
better before I let you go I want to ask
about your health I know you're you're
battling Parkinson's how's the battle
going you look good you look strong to
me well I feel strong I thank you other
your medical regimen and do the exercise
hard when you travel a lot all I know is
that I'm not going to surrender and I
think God for the reason of course of
Health I have and they keep asking
Reverend Jackson it's always a pleasure
sure and to hear you today on this day I
think is quite appropriate for everyone
listening thanks for coming on hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
