welcome back today and meet the midterms
Republicans are sounding the alarm after
losing a state Supreme Court seat last
night in Wisconsin this is the first
time in 23 years that Democrats or the
left here nobody has party ID in
Wisconsin have won an open seat on the
Wisconsin Supreme Court but more
worrisome for Republicans than the loss
itself are the numbers behind the loss
about a million votes were cast in this
race think about that for a Supreme
Court seat there in Wisconsin yes a
million people came out to vote for a
seat on the state Supreme Court the
highest turnout for a spring election in
Wisconsin since 2011 and this race
follows a pattern we've been seeing of
Democrats way over-performing
around the country you had a liberal
canon in this case Rebecca dalit beat
her conservative opponent by 12 points
now compare that to President Trump
winning Wisconsin at 2016 by one point
and President Obama by 7 points in 2012
so that margin of loss is very
concerning for Republicans in Wisconsin
Republican wisconsin Governor Scott
Walker even warned himself in a series
of tweets that the results quote show we
are at risk of a blue wave in Wisconsin
unquote and Walker has a lot of reason
to worry he could be among the
Republicans swept out of office in
November if there is indeed a blue wave
as he himself is trying to run for a
third term although it's his fourth
campaign if you add in the recall we'll
be right back with more MTP daily in 60
seconds
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
