thank you everybody thank you the last
words the president heard today as he
left that press conference were stormy
Daniels who the president is now suing
in federal court for violating a
confidentiality agreement that she
signed two weeks before the presidential
election the film wag the dog by
oscar-winning director Barry Levinson
imagined a fictional president hit with
a similar sex scandal two weeks before
Election Day and here's that president's
campaign operative Robert De Niro coming
up with a scheme to distract the
public's attention from the president's
sex scandal don't worry about it's
nothing new during Reagan's
administration 240 Marines killed in
Beirut 24 hours later wheeled vapor
Nathan that was their mo change the
story changed the lead it's not had no
concept like people we touch down we'll
talk about war we're not gonna have a
war we're gonna have the appearance of a
war I cannot afford a Holocaust
but they would find out find out then
develop exactly who's gonna tell what
they find out about the go for one video
of one bomb for how much Jim he blows up
the building don't think I've ever made
out of Legos
Janice now Barry Levinson whose new film
paterno starring Oscar winner Al Pacino
is premiering Saturday night on HBO
Barry when you hear Robert DeNiro on in
that moment of well who's gonna tell
them it that is the Trump theory of how
to deal with the news media yeah you
just keep you just keep building stories
and stories and distractions and
distractions you get further and further
away from where their actual subject was
and little did you know when you were
doing wag the dog how easy it would
actually be I mean I mean Donald Trump
doesn't have to invent Wars he just does
a tweet to you know insult somebody to
change this just do that or you can
which no one ever thought to do before
it just you know lie all the time
yeah just relentless just lie about I'll
just say anything I want to say and
that'll be okay and if someone
criticizes that's what's fake but I'm
real and that's faith what does it feel
like when a phrase like wag the dog
takes on its own life there are people
who use it who don't even know where it
comes from now because it's old enough
but it's one of those those phrases that
in politics takes on its own life now
yeah because it's almost 20 years yeah
yeah now let's let by the way I want I
want bringing Donald Trump I want a
bridge Donald Trump into your new film
about Joe Paterno which is about the big
scandal that broke out at Penn State and
Jerry Sandusky and what happened there
and here's Donald Trump campaigning in
Pittsburgh April 13 2016 and he thought
this was the thing to say there what's
listening I went to school in this state
right we know that right I know I know a
lot about Pennsylvania and it's great
how's Joe Paterno we get to bring that
back
how about how about that hole how about
that whole deal it's unclear to me
whether he knew then that Joe Paterno
had been dead for a few years or whether
he was talking about the Joe Paterno
statue at Penn State yeah well it had
been removed it really doesn't matter
yeah I'll just say that how about that
how about that Joe Paterno well he
seemed to think that there is that there
were two sides to the to the what he
thinks is the Joe Paterno story which is
to say a child molestation story at Penn
State there's two sides of that and his
voters were on the side of Joe Paterno
which by the way we see was a very real
thing in the movie at the time the
scandal broke yeah students at Penn
State really protesting any idea of
getting rid of Joe Paterno well because
there was the emotional you know aspect
of it you know to those students you
know he is like you Joe paw he was the
father he had been there forever and the
idea that he is now being fired was an
emotional reaction of which things went
completely haywire in one night and then
there's the rational part of all then
what what is Paterno's situation and
what did he know what did what didn't he
know what should he have done what
didn't he do and that whole aspect which
is more complex was the the the riot
which is frightening is there's an
emotional explosion in one night and
which we depict in the film yeah you
know that Chris me when I was watching
it that and I've been wondering about
the lives of Matt Lauer Charlie Rose
Harvey Weinstein Louie CK these people
who in an instant their their world
collapses and they're gone that kind of
happened to Joe Paterno in this story
and this is the first movie after this
era this year where we've seen all these
lives collapse instantaneously it's the
first movie that looks at one of those
completely different context completely
different context but I felt ah so
here's a moment of backstage in in the
life of someone whose entire career is
collapsing instantaneously yes yeah and
and the situation is
what would it have happened if that
first you know young boy who basically
came forward and that wasn't basically
covered up by the university and that
would have been out it would been done
there wouldn't have been other boys that
had been you know sexually molested and
that would have been the end of it but
trying to cover it up trying to cover it
up and eventually it exploded and then
the culpability of all those and why
didn't they do more and the complexity
of it is you understand the university
you know it's is a million dollar kinds
of business I'm gonna write in terms of
what football represents to colleges but
then where does Paterno fit in that
because he's the coach of the team so is
he and what did he do or didn't do or
could have done and he's saying here's a
man it wasn't just a coach supposedly he
wanted to win games
he believed in education he graduated
85% of his football players and so he
believed in all of those you know good
things and honorable and ethical things
and yet what happened and that's the I
think it also reminds me of Republicans
in Congress in Washington now who know
or feel that they should maybe be
standing up to Donald Trump but have not
they say a little something here and
there and that's what you see in the
Paterno records there's a moral
obligation that he failed to meet under
pressure and we're watching that yeah I
mean every day well that's what's so
terrible in a sense when you think about
our Congress for them to basically stand
by and not actively you know do
something and you you wonder I mean look
you take Watergate compared to now
there's Republicans and Democrats
together in that committee that won it
the truth you can't even get them to do
that nowadays and you say our whole
entire system is literally coming apart
and not doing what it needs to do and
not doing the work that they were put in
there to take care of that they've
basically have not are not responding to
something that is dangerous forget in
terms of Republican and Democrat I mean
morally it is reprehensible Barry
Levinson thank you very much for joining
us really appreciate Thanks hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
