Shawn let's listen to this again
together just moments ago we got in the
dispatch call from operators to local
police after receiving the 911 call came
from the back patio again we have a
report of picked with a gun they heard
seven to eight shots being fired and
there we have it the dispatch call
Commissioner Bill Bratton is still with
us you've heard calls like that so many
times unfortunately and does it surprise
you
in today's world unfortunately doesn't
audits become very commonplace much too
commonplace much too frequent it sets
the stage for what offices going toward
they get very minimal information
they're going to a large facility not
knowing quite what they're getting into
and it's one of the reasons why it takes
so long to try and put this together
because the initial confusion excitement
fear the unknown it takes a while to put
it together and fortunately this event
seems to have been of a scale that has
come together very quickly now it's a
matter we get determining the exact
circumstances what was the motivation
