kara I've been told since you've just
since you've been talking we we've
received confirmation of a female
suspect down and deceased so again for
all the kind of historic reasons Tom
winter went through that this would be
so highly unusual Carol you met you made
a point I'd like to go back to for all
of us who working in a depression-era
building in midtown Manhattan that was
built for the era and has been
retrofitted somewhat this YouTube campus
was part of the new wave we Easterners
all looked at with wonder they had
stationary bicycles and what appeared to
be comfortable furniture and actual food
for employees for the taking and I'm
guessing that this is right up there
with among the very best photographs
that I just read I was just there
speaking at YouTube to the employees at
an event they just do these Susan
Wojcicki was the CEO holds these you
know talks with employees and I went
there to talk about the press and
YouTube challenges for the employees so
I sent some photographs it's a very open
environments very colorful
obviously YouTube logo is everywhere
they have big screens the videos is a
slide there's an actual slide that
people slide down there in cafeterias
outdoor it's a basketball courts and
things like that now this happens to be
a very small campus compared to Google
which is a very large college like
campus the building right on the street
and it's been kept there because YouTube
the YouTube founders wanted to be wanted
it to be run separately and Google
agreed that YouTube would even though
it's owned by Google that it should be
run separately and so they try to
cultivate a different a slightly
different culture there than other in
other parts of Google which are all in
the same area of Mountain View which is
relatively far down south comparatively
Kara Swisher thank you it's been great
to be able to have your viewpoint and
your reporting with us during that what
is a horrendous story were witnessing
here
