former acting FBI director Andrew McCabe
and after McCabe was fired last month
just hours before his scheduled
retirement in full pension this morning
his wife dr. Jill McCabe who also was
attacked by the president is now
responding in op-ed for The Washington
Post
though Jill McCabe ran as a Democrat she
writes this quote andrew is a reliable
Republican and that she has voted for
both Republicans and Democrats writing
Andrew kept himself separate from my
campaign when the kids and I went door
knocking he did not participate he
wouldn't even drive us she went on he
could have attended one of my
fundraisers but never did on the
president's attacks about donations from
Clinton ally Terry McAuliffe McCabe
writes my campaign would see funding
from the state Democratic Party in the
governor's PAC on par with with other
candidates in competitive races on both
sides of the aisle receipt and of course
Clinton's emails never came up she
writes if they had I would have found
that alarming immediately reported it
and likely pulled out of the campaign
miss McCabe writes nothing can prepare
you for what happens when your life is
turned upside down by current events
nothing prepares you for conversations
you have to have with your teenage
children nothing prepares you for the
news crews staking out your house your
backyard your place of business nothing
prepares you for the fear you feel every
time you receive a package from a
stranger to have my personal reputation
and integrity and those of my family
attacked this way is beyond horrible it
feels awful every day keeps me up nights
I made the decision to run for office
because I was trying to help people
instead it turned into something that
was used to attack our family my
husband's career and the entire FBI
joining us now in Washington calmness
and deputy editorial page editor at The
Washington Post Ruth Marcus and here on
set former adviser to President George W
Bush mark McKinnon
he's co-creator and executive producer
of Showtime's of the circus along with
the man to my left John Heilemann
out with season three a week from Sunday
and it's gonna be a big one you got big
stuff up your sleeve we can't talk about
yet but trust me tune in Ruth I want to
start with you and Miss McCabe's op-ed
for all did you approach her and what
was your pitch to get her to write in
the
post well it started actually lat the
weekend before last with an op-ed from
her husband who had been fired famously
the previous Friday night and we
approached his folks and asked him to
write and as I was speaking with Andrew
McCabe's representative I said wow what
about Jill McCabe and we started talking
about it started talking about whether
maybe they might want right to write a
piece together and in the end he had
enough to say on his own and her story
from my point of view and we really
appreciated Andrew McCabe's Abed thank
you but her story is in some ways even
more human more compelling more tragic
because it's the story of this woman
she's an emergency room physician the
notion of running for politics had never
entered her mind for a moment
she's an accidental politician who
became the unwitting pawn of in the game
that led to her husband's destruction of
her husband's career and it is such to
me a sad and human story that I am said
I'm so thrilled that she felt like it
was time after 17 months of having to
remain silent that she was able to tell
it to the public and it's really such a
moving story of an emergency room
physician encouraged to run for public
office to protect people that that need
Medicaid to be able to go into the
emergency room bring their children in
bring their mothers in and their fathers
in it really is a moving story about how
somebody wanted to get involved in
public service and how terribly it went
and you know we didn't even read in this
op-ed when the president of United
States told Andrew McCabe to tell his
wife that she was a loser the the
hatefulness of this president the
inhumanity of this president really
knows no we ended it but I've got to say
of all the many terrible things he said
about many people in
those that I loved that was perhaps the
low point to show just again the depths
of inhumanity of this of this man thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
