today was the annual White House Easter
Egg Roll but it was so much more there
was the president flanked by the first
lady and the aforementioned Bunny and
the permanently affixed bunny mouth
appeared to give the bunny a kind of
permanent look of horror shock revulsion
and surprise all at the same time then
the president said this which had some
folks wondering if he'd forgotten what
the place was called I want to thank the
White House Historical Association and
all of the people that worked so hard
with melania with everybody to keep this
incredible house or building or whatever
you want to call it because there really
is no name for it it is special and we
keep it in tip-top shape
we call it sometimes tippy top shape and
it's a great great place you know that
feeling you get when you hear someone
say something for the first time and you
just know in that instant we'll be
hearing about that again today's
occasion at the 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
building had that ring to it then the
president launched into the body of his
remarks remember as he speaks remember
as you listen to this this is for an
audience of children who are there with
their parents our country is doing great
you look at the economy you look at
what's happening nothing's ever easy but
we have never had an economy like we
have right now and we're going to make
it bigger and better and stronger our
military is now at a level we'll soon be
at a level that it's never been before
it's you see what's happening and you
see what's happening with funding the
funding of our military was so important
and so many military people are with us
today so just think of 700 billion
dollars because that's all going into
our military this year the money in that
moment spoke for so many people the
annual Easter Egg Roll is organized and
coordinated by the first lady's office
Melania Trump did not speak to the group
at today's event
she and Kellyanne Conway later did read
books to a group of children President
signed some autographs the children see
to thoroughly enjoy a spring day on the
south lawn of the people's house the
building where our presidents get to
live hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
