thing one tonight is the Department of
Interior under Trump's secretary Ryan's
Enki editing scientific studies to
remove mention of human activity of
climate change hawaii senator mazie
Hirono asked secretary Zinke last month
referring specifically to reports the
Interior Department removed climate
change language from a news release your
Department released a press release on
this report but it excluded the
reference to global climate change
driver dry sea level rise this is why I
asked the question that reports that use
the terms climate change do you edit
those out
do you censor they don't believe the
report itself who you're speaking was
with it was edited at all no in the
press release could have been and
interpreted because it is a press
release and not the report but any any
any any reference any allegation that
one of the reasons I have to correct you
mr. secretary because the paper's
abstract did have that sentence which
you did you exclude it from your press
release there was no incident no
incident at all that I know that we ever
changed a comma on a document itself now
we have made we have our press releases
this is how we announce it but I don't
know of any document we've changed and I
challenge you any member to to find a
document that we've actually changed on
a report you hear that secretary Zink is
indignant challenged to find evidence of
the Interior Department deleting climate
change references from a specific
scientific report
well that evidence is thing too and 60
seconds
so today the nonprofit investigative
journalism organization reveal came out
with a stunning report that officials
the National Park Service an agency
within the Interior Department deleted
every mention of humans roles in causing
climate change in drafts of a long way
to report on sea level rise and storm
surge they have the receipts the drafts
they reviewed included tract changes
like on February 6 this year the phrase
due to anthropogenic climate change
meaning human impact on the climate was
deleted entirely from the executive
summary suddenly the reports first
sentence simply says sea level rise
presents challenges and no longer
identifies human activity as the cause
and that's just one of eight changes in
the report at one point several
sentences are deleted that outline human
activities that are impacting climate
change the Interior Department told
revealed that no one was available to
comment but Secretary's inky must be
shocked to learn this because those
edits were made just one month before he
was on Capitol Hill testifying under
oath I don't know of any document we've
changed and I challenge you any member
to to find a document that we've
actually changed on a report hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
