my whole life I've been greedy greedy
greedy I scraped all the money I could
get I'm so greedy but now I want to be
greedy for the United States I want to
grab all that money hold goodness
gracious that speech from Donald Trump
on the campaign trail is at the heart of
New York Magazine's new cover story the
headline corruption not Russia is
Trump's greatest political liability and
our Trump a like Chris Christie not
holding back on ethics issues in the
Trump administration Trump's EPA chief
reportedly renting a DC condo from an
energy lobbyist for just 50 bucks a day
I need rent like that this was a
brutally unprofessional transition this
was a transition that didn't vet people
for this type of judgment issues which I
think could have been seen very easily
and a lot of these people and the
president's been ill served by this and
if mr. Pruitt's gonna go it's because he
should have never been that ourselves
listen I don't know how you survive this
one and if he has to go or if he has to
go it's he because he never should have
been there in the first degree that's a
WoW joining me now Richard painter White
House ethics chief under president
george w bush who's watchdog group is
suing the president and hugh hewitt host
of the radio show hugh hewitt show and
the host of MSNBC's Hewitt Saturdays at
8:00 a.m. mr. Paynter to you first we
have talked a number of times saying
this is unprecedented this is unethical
we can't believe they're doing this but
now it's chris Christie attacking Trump
and/or his cabinets ethics does this
signal some sort of shift well I don't
know that it's a shift we've all known
that this administration ignores ethics
ignores the law well it is that I think
we're fighting Republicans supporters of
President Trump one by one starting to
realize that this administration is
corrupt and has been corrupt from day
one and our lawsuit is about foreign
government money that has been going to
the president and violation of the
United States Constitution we have the
incidents involving cabinet members
getting money and favors from lobbyists
we just today had the prayer
in the United States making statements
that were false
probably knowingly false about Amazon
driving the stock price down if an
investor lost money in that stock that
investor could sue him for securities
fraud and those investors ought to be
calling a lawyer it's every day we have
a new violation of either the
Constitution the federal statutes or the
ethics regulations it's over and over
again and yes I think people like Chris
Christie are finally getting fed up and
the voters are getting fed up I've been
fed up with this president ever since he
was a candidate and it was very clear he
was going to violate the law if he won
the election and that's what we've had
non-stop one of the think chris Christie
there was talking scott pruett and this
apartment he rented down in Washington
Hugh you and I have spoken via Twitter
on this and you're saying it's much ado
about nothing why well let me begin by
saying Scott Pruett is a very old friend
of mine and I've had him on my show a
dozen times and my son works at EPA so I
want to be very transparent but I've
been the designated agency ethics
officer at two agencies like Professor
painter I worked in the White House
counsel's office as well
and the key opinion here is that of
Kevin Manoli
he is the permanent is the principal
Deputy Attorney General at EPA
he's also the designated agency ethics
officer he's a lifer he's been there
since 2000 Gina McCarthy President
Obama's administrator made him the
principal deputy associate attorney
general at EPA and mr. Manoli reviewed
the lease and upheld it it is not in any
way shape or form a gift it's much ado
about nothing I think this is really
about policy Stephanie as we talked
about on Twitter and I think it's about
the vacancy Act specifically people on
the Left are upset with Scott Pruett
over the clean power plan which he
repealed the waters of the United States
which he repealed the cafe standards
today which he put up for repeal he's
executing Donald Trump's policy on wotus
and on regulatory rollback and they want
him out they're also afraid that if for
any reason Attorney General Sessions
leaves the attorney generalship under
the vacancy Act Scott Pruett is eligible
for up to 210 days
servus attorney general there are ethics
issues and self-dealing issues that go
far beyond scott pruett so let's go back
to the New York magazine cover where
Jonathan Chait writes to be out for
yourself is probably the single most
disqualifying flaw a politician can have
do you Hugh Hewitt who has a much longer
history around politics than I do
do you have ethics concerns with
President Trump or his administration
when it comes to self dealing yes always
as I said I served as an ethics officer
for two agencies and I'm aware of
professor painters 180 different
complaints against the agencies across
the government but in every case
Stephanie it's a fact and circumstances
inquiry I think every single case
against Scott Pruett has been a nagging
political attack to slow down the agenda
find me Richard buy me a hotel room for
$50 a night in Washington DC and tell me
that's not a gift from a lobbyist this
is disgusting and no decent ethics
lawyer would sign off on that if that
had happened in the Bush administration
I would have shot at that in a minute
$50 a night to get a room in Washington
DC you know we all know that that is a
violation of the gift rules and no
ethics or could cover that up it's just
flat-out wrong and you know it well I
would say that mr. Paynter I don't know
mr. Manoli and I don't know you but I
wouldn't slander a career professional
who's been there for $18 night and wash
Hewitt when was the last time you stayed
in Washington DC a month ago in my own
home which by the way I have often given
to friends but mr. Pruitt could not use
it because of the gifts rules that's one
of the funny things about this Stephanie
when you've got friends in Washington
you come to town for five months and
your wife is at home
the last five months of your son
finishing high school you can't stay at
a friend's house because of the gifts
rules despite mr. page miss place at a
lobbyists house when you're the EPA
chief and your work directly there's
John Boehner stated a lobbyist house
rented it from him for ten years as
majority leader of the house it goes to
whether or not it's a gift and by the
way it's not owned by Stephen Hart
there's been a friend of mine again
transparency for twenty five years
how much do you think how do what you
think about cell rooms cause in
Washington all I'm telling you is it was
reviewed by the career lobby the career
deputy senior associate general and the
ethics official at the agency for whom I
have no knowledge but great deal of
respect mr. painter doesn't he's
entitled to pass judgment on whomever he
wants
but there's a reason he's in Minnesota
not in Washington DC and that reason
goes back to whether or not you have due
regard for other professionals work I do
with people being attacked in Minnesota
you are my state we elect people in
Washington DC we are sick and tired of K
Street lobbyists we look down on us in
Minnesota and say well this is the
reason you're in Minnesota
instead of raking in money in Washington
DC on K Street and leasing out a room
for $50 a night to the EPA Administrator
this is corruption this is why the
people of Minnesota and every other
state here in flyover country where you
want to look down at us we are going to
both these people out it is disgusting
what you just said about people in
Minnesota there's somehow we are here
because we don't play by your rules of
Washington DC we're gonna shut it down
we're gonna drain the swamp for sure and
this backfill they brought in from New
York we're gonna send those people back
to New York New Jersey wherever they
came from with their Trump brought on
down this is really wrong and you know
it and don't talk down to us to Mitch
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
