let me finish tonight with this weird
talk of a White House welcome for
Vladimir Putin why would we invite this
character to dinner isn't either one
every one of our intelligence agency
says worked fairly recently to undermine
our democracy is he the guy dying to
establish moral equivalence with America
by bringing our country's reputation
down to his country's abysmal level and
why would we want the president our
country this president receiving him how
can we Americans sit by and watch these
two figures toasting themselves here
while they both deny the facts on the
table that again 17 US intelligence
agencies say Russia tried undermining
our democratic elections that President
Trump is being investigated for
conspiring with Vladimir Putin and
undermining our democratic elections
finally that if Donald Trump is found to
have done so he will rightfully be
impeached and face removal from office
what kind of monsters ball we talking
about now where the known perpetrator of
a high crime is welcomed and celebrated
by the chief suspect conspiring that
same high crime all at taxpayers expense
in the house where Abraham Lincoln lived
how about we wait to see what Bob
Boehner has to say on the question of
conspiracy before we watch the
perpetrator of this crime sit down
to a state dinner with the one who now
faces the possible charge of having done
that conspiring hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
