this morning the president took to
Twitter once again bashing one of his
favorite targets Amazon
he says Only Fools or worse are saying
that our money-losing post office makes
money with Amazon they lose a fortune
and this will be changed also our fully
taxpaying retailers are closing stores
all over the country not a level playing
field
president started his latest war on
Amazon last Thursday tweeting unlike
others they pay little or no taxes to
state and local governments use our
postal system as their delivery boy
causing tremendous loss to the United
States and are putting many thousands of
retailers out of business that's like
something clear you can't go after one
specific company two days and for tweets
later he continued the thought while
we're on the subject it is reported that
the u.s. post office will lose a buck 50
on average for each package it delivers
for Amazon that amounts to billions of
dollars this post office scam must stop
Amazon must pay real costs and taxes now
my question to you Ali okay if he wants
Amazon to do it what about every other
company
he's going after Amazon as a proxy for a
very different problem so let's break
this down the president Ali hate the
game not the player that's well he's
hating the player and there are reasons
for that as you know and it has to do
with the Washington Post the president
loves to swing at Amazon for facts sake
is Amazon really to brunt blame for
problems at the post office and in the
retail sector let's take this one by one
first the president claims on taxes the
president is likely talking about sales
tax something Amazon doesn't collect
from third-party sellers you know when
you buy on Amazon sometimes it's from
Amazon sometimes it's a third-party
seller if you buy it from Amazon it does
collect sales tax in 45 states where
it's required to do so third-party
sellers are required to collect the
sales tax themselves and the company has
previously expressed support for Branka
a blanket federal law on sales tax
collection online because right now
there's a patchwork of local regulations
okay number two the claim that Amazon is
costing the Postal Service billions of
dollars the reality is that shipping and
packaged Services Group
2.1 billion dollars last year that's a
12% increase now Amazon does get a deal
on shipping with Amazon pardon me that's
an agreement that is subject to review
by the Postal Regulatory Commission
every year it's required to be
profitable for the Postal Service and
then there's this claim that Amazon is
putting many thousands of retailers out
of business this is interesting report
from the progressive Policy Institute
found that ecommerce added three hundred
and fifty five thousand jobs between
2007 and 2016 about three hundred twelve
thousand jobs have been lost at
department stores alone in that period
so there's no question that
brick-and-mortar retail is struggling as
Stephanie says that's a game problem
part of it is that Amazon is the biggest
player in the online game but
criticizing Amazon alone for that isn't
looking at the whole picture listen you
can say this trend is bad for the
American worker then look into the trend
but to simply say this is the fault of
Amazon I can't find a log that they've
broken joining us now is our friend
Steve Ratner he's the chairman of will
let advisors and served as the Treasury
Department's autos are under President
Obama Steve let's walk through what
Amazon is doing that is so inappropriate
in the president's words because I
remember back in 2016 we've barely seen
the president's taxes but the one time
we did talk about it he was able to not
pay taxes because he was able to take
advantage of the loss and he said that's
what makes him smart that's why you
should vote for him so what is Amazon
doing that the president is it's saying
is so wrong or needs to stop well first
of all I think Ali laid out the issues
really well and I think it's pretty
clear to everyone what the president is
doing I think you have to start with the
fact that most of this is probably about
the Washington Post and not about Amazon
which Jeff Bezos owns which Jeff Bezos
owns personally but the president
conflates it with Amazon and then goes
after Amazon from what the Washington
Post is doing but as Ali said Amazon is
complying with all the laws it is paying
federal income taxes it is collecting
state and local sales taxes I think in
every state except possibly one which is
how the law works it is not required in
fact it really even can't collect
taxes for third-party sellers on the
marketplace and as far as the post
office is concerned if if the post
office or the president thinks the post
office is charging too little they
should charge them or it's not Amazon's
fault if they happen to be paying last
night as Ali said because they are such
a volume shipper they get a special deal
but the post office they're big boys and
girls they should be able to negotiate
other structural problems that cause the
post office to lose money and they're
some of them are actually not within the
post office the way the pension said the
post office has a huge problem which is
that first-class mail is declining and
the packages are replacing some of it
but not all of it that's not a they
don't have the ability to necessarily
charge more and lose that shipping but
that's that's one valid and interesting
problem the the the getting rid of
retailers in favor of online buying is
another and separate problem but that's
not really what the president is
handling in a sophisticated manner here
no because we all think at least I think
the president this is really about the
Washington Post what's going on in the
retailing industry is massive change now
they're in fact more jobs being created
than lost we can maybe debate a little
bit but but remember consumers like
Amazon you know this is a world this is
an economic system which consumers get
to decide how they want to buy stuff we
want some cheap and we want it in a day
and you want to be a prime number and
you just click here one click and it's
in your it's if you live in your like
you could have it this afternoon and
people like that service and they are
willing to pay what's the danger of this
though because there are the president
has 40 what 48 or 49 million followers
on Twitter he says stuff like this we
can fact check it but there are a whole
lot of people not watching us who will
come to believe it at some point
what is the danger of the president we
saw this in the beginning of his
presidency going after individual
companies for things that are sort of a
different issue well I think it's bad I
think it's terrible presidential
leadership I think you should lead by
example and not singling out companies
or any matters he's speaking truth
finally well others might say that there
are some who probably think that there
are probably some who think that and but
look it's he's in a different position
he's the president he's not you or me or
Ally he's the president and he should
lead responsibly in their danger here is
you created some kind of mob effect that
goes
I ever does he happens to be targeting
the other danger I think is that there
may be practices with any company that
are worthy of critique and analysis we
do it with the airlines when they do bad
things we do it with with with other
organizations but this creates an
us-versus-them with Amazon because the
president's criticizing them for things
that aren't really the things we should
be talking about right but when there
are issues with companies it's really
not the president's job no company by
company there's a process for all this
stuff if you have an issue with the
airlines you go to the FAA if you have
the issue with fair sales practices you
go to the Federal Trade Commission if
you have an issue about post office you
go the post office it should not be the
president's job to elevate this to a
level where really bad stuff could
happen all right let's talk about trade
because the President himself said trade
wars are good and they're easy to win
now you could say anyone at the
beginning of a war would enter saying
that same thing but we all know that's
not the case the president has said
nothing though he's all over Twitter
this morning about China now saying yep
we're gonna hit you with three billion
dollars worth of tariffs specifically on
agriculture there you go
fresh and dried fruit nuts wine we're
talking trunk country here what are the
possible ramifications look trade wars
are bad in the end a trade is good for
the world in that people get stuff
cheaper and better because it's made
somewhere else and in turn we get to
export stuff so trade is a good thing
that said it is fair also to say that
China is the most protectionist the most
mercantile sure country in the world and
I agree with the president that we
should do something about it
launching a unilateral trade tariffs war
would not be how I would go about it the
Europeans are just as upset about
China's trade practices as we are we
should be getting together through the
WTO through other multilateral ways and
pushing back on China not not by just
sort of you know sallying forth and
announcing a whole bunch of China's
first meeting with the president today
and we'll see what influence he has
because he certainly isn't in favor of
these barriers but you remember where
autos are that president's now talking
about scrapping NAFTA it's important for
people to understand that NAFTA allows
cars to be made in a way that
ha or its parts will go between Canada
and the United States and Mexico several
times before its completion this is
actually some Ana geing trade that's
good it was an interesting thing I
learned when I did that that exact fact
that parts move back and forth across
the border with Mexico
probably more than Canada both of them
they move back and forth across the
border because what automakers are doing
or trying to find the lowest cost way to
produce a car so that you consumers can
buy a cheaper car that is just as well
made if not better and that's good for
American consumers so you good to see
you as always thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
