Bob Muller is asking Trump allies about
Julian Assange he just detained a new
witness questioning him at an airport on
Wednesday this investigative interest in
Asajj of course overlaps with a report
we did just last night on the be probing
Trump advisor Roger stones relationship
to WikiLeaks that report broke news and
drew a heated response from stone today
several outlets have been covering that
and Roger stone posted a new video right
there on Instagram while smoking a cigar
with his grandson and if he attacks his
former protege Sam Nunn Berg stone also
posted other messages saying those
associates who called him a liar they
are actually the liars he was responding
to some of this I think he's trying to
Gracie ate himself back with Trump the
minute he told me on the phone that he
had met with Assange I assumed he was
lying
no Hassan's very well I tell you with
authority that Assange never had
conversations with Roger stone or an
intermediate what was Roger stone doing
talking to gusoff or 2.0 communicating
with him on a regular basis
communicating claiming to communicate
with Julian Assange repeated times and
backing off it - of the people you saw
there in those interviews are people who
are in this wider Trump orbit who were
once friends with Roger stone nunberg
his protege credito is the man stone
claimed was his link to Julian Assange
the important point tonight is not that
this whole crew is getting messy
it's that Muller's bearing down on the
links to russia gusoff ER and wikileaks
and news is literally breaking about
that line of questioning tonight and our
reporting is showing how stone is mixed
up in all of that with WikiLeaks and
gusoff er the hacker recently alleged to
be a spy operative for Vladimir Putin
that leaves a lot of big questions for
Roger stone which he may have to answer
someday now the invite remains open for
him to address those questions right
here on this show just like nunberg and
credit go did they faced up in person
and well frankly just like Roger stone
used to do with me on air I will mention
briefly that Roger stone also posted
several new vulgar
tax on me personally as if he thinks
this is I don't know some kind of
personal feud it is not these are just
factual questions if Roger wants a
personal spat he'll have to find someone
else for that it was Aubrey Drake Graham
who put it best I got to stay in my zone
you say we've been beefing a Roger you
on your own
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
