tonight everyone is talking about the
FBI report into Brett Kavanaugh and two
of the key centres who pushed for it are
backing it up Susan Collins saying
publicly it appears to be a very
thorough investigation Jeff Flake saying
that he didn't see in it any additional
corroborating information of dr. Ford's
claim and says the report is basically
quote reassuring well that is one
person's opinion and we as I've stressed
are reporting on something we haven't
seen but we do know some of what's not
in there this investigation which was
set on a pretty artificial political
timeline it turns out has ignored dozens
of potential witnesses and I want to
walk through this tonight because it's
important the FBI has spoken to nine
people that includes Marc judge who dr.
Ford said was in the room when she
alleges that Kavanaugh assaulted her as
well as Kavanaugh accuser Deborah
Ramirez but according to NBC more than
40 people with information never heard
from the FBI and some of them have
refuted parts of Cavanaugh's claims
consider what he said about Ramirez his
allegation that he exposed himself to
hurt a party in college our MS Ramirez
is allegations about you true those are
not if that bad had happened that would
have been the talk of campus in our
freshman dorm
that's quite a lawyerly answer it would
have been the talk of campus that's not
a saying that it was not directly which
is potentially important because we're
learning that there are over 20 people
that miss Ramirez his lawyers told the
FBI could be corroborating about the
talk of campus with names like Kenneth
the pole the suite made of Cavanaugh's
at that time who says people in the dorm
were talking about it and the helling
The New Yorker he first heard about it
either the night that it happened or
within days and that he and this is one
person but he said he's 100% certainty
'red Cavanaugh was the one who exposed
himself to her now even though he
reached out the FBI he never heard back
meanwhile here's something else this
potential perjury not investigated what
does the word alumnus mean in that
context she was a great friend of ours
we bunch of us went to dances with her
she hung out with us as a group the
media circus that has been generated by
this thought in reported
that it referred to sex it did not I
want to be very clear if there were
claims of sex or sex that occurred there
none of that as an underlying activity
is under scrutiny as being wrong for
high school kids but if the judge today
can't give a straight answer or worse is
lying about it under oath that would be
a problem that you'd want to know about
in a background check before you get
promoted and again queue the evidence a
Georgetown Prep student telling The New
Yorker the claim you just saw there was
not true now this particular student is
saying this X student I should say is an
anonymous source and says that they
reached out to the FBI and provide a
sworn statement saying Cavanaugh talked
about that same female student many
times and quote the impression I formed
at the time from listening to
conversations where Cavanaugh was
president was that was the girl that was
quote passed around for sex and writing
Brett Kavanaugh made up a rhyme about
the girl that explicitly referred to sex
another avenue that these FBI
investigators could have probed was
whether Cavanaugh was accurate about
those now-infamous phrases in his
yearbook Devil's Triangle drinking game
I don't know if it's buffed or boost how
do you pronounce that that refers to
flatulence we were 16 again in isolation
who cares but if that is a pattern of
lying under oath while being a sitting
federal judge that's a problem and it
goes again to what the FBI was able to
look at Kavanagh's freshman year
roommate saying this I was shocked when
I heard that because I you know those
words were were commonly used and they
were references to sexual activities
then there was this man who shared a
room with Cavanaugh was he questioned by
the FBI
I was his freshman year roommate and if
you wanted to know how somebody behaved
in college which is a time where
especially that transition from high
school to college where people are
likely to have done something that
expressed and something that might have
been a problem that they would have
contacted me right I've never been
contacted about Bret by the FBI I'm
never contacted meanwhile today dr.
Ford's lawyers saying to the FBI they
have a list of Nate
they did want interviewed that we're not
investigators as I mentioned earlier in
the show didn't talk to dr. Ford either
or judge Cavanaugh the FBI not talking
to those people but of course the Senate
can talk to anyone it wants to in this
process we know Cavanaugh is one of the
most controversial nominees if not since
Clarence Thomas then probably all the
way back to Robert Bork so will we as a
nation hear from these people that the
FBI didn't talk to hey I'm already
melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
