so let's go deeper into the president's
Easter Sunday lies quote Border Patrol
agents are not allowed to properly do
their job at the border because of
ridiculous Liberal Democrat laws like
catch and release yet catch and release
is not a law and the Trump
administration has frequently claimed
that the policy ended when he took
office however the president tweeted the
border is quote getting more dangerous
caravans coming some view this phrasing
as Trump's reaction to a fox news
segment about Central American migrants
where caravans appeared on screen CC
it's amazing that he sees caravan of
immigrants headed to the US which is
just an absolutely preposterous story
and then he goes Jon Meacham then he
goes to church he makes a statement
outside of church repeats it verbatim
has all the facts wrong and is saying
that he's going to destroy a trade deal
with Mexico and Canada that helps
farmers in Iowa and across middle
America as much as it helps anybody just
because we now learned that Trump is
quote unleashed quote unhinged that he
has nobody around him anymore the say
mr. president actually you're dead wrong
the story's dead wrong and you're
spreading a lie if you go out there and
say that yeah there's no evidence that
he would care even if someone were there
to say it is there no really there's no
distinction and worry you know we're
however many months into into America
held hostage here in in April of 18 the
great hope was however counter however
against the facts of the campaign were
that somehow or another there would be a
line between or separate spheres between
the showmanship and the substance that
somehow or another the great ship of
state would take care of the substance
of
the presidency it seems to me that that
that hope is is still there because you
know that's Churchill is reputed to have
said you could always count on Americans
do the right thing after we exhaust
every other possibility so there is
there's there's some of that but those
that sphere that does that distinction
between showmanship and substance is
pretty much gone and I think that people
who were willing to take a flier on an
unconventional president we've had
enough of the bushes and the Clintons we
want to shake things up you know when
does the substance happen you know when
when do when does that when does that
person get paid back for enduring all of
the the chaos and the final point I'd
make here is the idea that what comes
out of a president's mouth Matters
enormous Lee is under enormous strain
and I've been very skeptical and very
hesitant to say that he's changing the
presidency we know the presidency isn't
changing him but is he changing the
presidency but I do think there is a
point at which the the devaluation of
what a president says and really the
erosion of gravitas is gonna have a
significant global impact well again for
a while but a global what well it
already has and it's getting worse David
Ignatius the the president is just doing
he's just doing things without input
from anybody else he'll watch Fox News
will go out he'll make a statement
that'll rile the markets he'll get angry
because how pics was leaving he'll
decide to start a trade war that he said
trade wars are easy this weekend we
found out they weren't easy the Chinese
now are responding with with tariffs of
their own towards us products that are
gonna hurt American consumers and also
gonna hurt American manufacturers
American farmers and here you have the
president going out again because he saw
a fox news segment going out talking
about quote
caravans of people coming to the United
States and then and saying that he's
going to up end a trade deal that binds
North America together and again helps
farmers in the middle of America as much
as anybody else
we don't know Joe
whether people are going to begin to
tune these remarks out but I'll give you
two examples from a Friday that show the
real-world effects of these off-the-cuff
remarks I had a South Koreans ask me
while the president's comments about
holding the new trade dealer was just
negotiated with South Korea which is a
bit of a breakthrough hostage until the
negotiations with North Korea is that is
that real does he really mean that or is
he just ad libbing they really didn't
didn't know but they were sort of
mortified at a time when they're
conducting the most sensitive diplomacy
for their country that this would be
dropped on them and then the president
made another off off-the-cuff remark
Thursday night where he said we're
getting out of serious soon we're
getting out of it very soon we're
getting out of Syria
now there were frantic calls from our
troops who are deployed they're trying
to maintain order maintain control
hard-won territory this is been a heck
of a fight in eastern Syria and thank
goodness the Isis killers who were there
had been vanquished but our troops on
the ground are kind of reading the the
reports from Washington wondering
wondering as the president just decided
that we're leaving what's and they
couldn't get any answers I mean that's
the situated get any answers back from
from the NSC and just say one final
point to me that the worst of this was
that on Easter Sunday a day when we will
try to reflect deeply we had the
president basically taking these kids
who have done nothing who have been here
in this country at least 11 years who
are blameless who were just living here
trying to do their
turning them into bargaining ships and
saying I'm not gonna do anything about
those dreamers until they build my wall
and suddenly
human beings were in this group you know
really brutal effort to give him the
wind that he has decided that he has to
have it was it's been a depressing
disturbing process but again it has
real-world consequences for people so
the president's meanwhile his complaint
about big drugs and people flows from
Mexico contradicts his own claims of
major drops in his first year take a
listen
since the day of my election we've
already cut illegal immigration at the
southern border by 61% I'm very proud to
say that we're way down and the people
coming across the border we have fewer
people trying to come across because
they know it's not going to happen so
I'm sorry Nicolay the president says
people are flooding across the border
after he says people aren't flooding
across the border that they've actually
stemmed the tide of it which of course
the title was stemmed as we said
repeatedly during the election when he
was saying build that wall the tide was
already going down in fact it was
reversing there was a negative flow back
into Mexico right so the net flow of
migrants had already decreased under
Obama because Obama was actually pretty
tough on border crossings he didn't to
make a point of showing himself to be
tough because it was bad politically but
he was president that's just for people
that said oh wait no that's fakeness no
it's not fake news the president was
criticized constantly by Hispanic groups
absolutely and and immigrant groups for
being too tough on border crossings and
it was actually like you said really
knocked down and now the president has
an incentive to hype up the problem and
say is getting worse when it's actually
getting better so instead of taking a
victory lap because yes people are
afraid to come in because they fear that
they cross the border illegally um
Trump's ice is going to be there and and
and and push them back so there has been
a drop off oh so what is this about that
what says inside
because a politician like Trump has to
keep escalating the sense of crisis to
say it's always getting worse and thus
turned to me because I can make it
better and that's been his style is to
talk about American carnage I'm confused
can you can you replay that clip Alex
when he said that thinks things are
getting better because again we said it
constantly through the campaign that the
border crossings that were so bad under
george w bush were actually cut back
severely by Barack Obama he was attacked
constantly by Hispanic groups and
immigrant groups and the numbers are
there border crossings were down
dramatically and even the president
admitted this of course you took credit
but that's fine
but this is what the president president
said here you've played this since the
day of my election we've already cut
illegal immigration at the southern
border by 61% I'm very proud to say that
we're way down and the people coming
across the border we have fewer people
trying to come across because they know
it's not going to happen no actually
they weren't for a while well leaving
more than that I'm so unhappy with again
and so then we have three four five
years of that trend and then the
President of the United States brags
about it
of course he takes credit for it but so
be it and then this weekend he just
again he just starts lying like he
always does but again you you contrast
that with what happened with the
Sinclair broadcasters yes and it really
is it's part of a much bigger plan which
is lie if you're the president the
United States attack news agencies and
reporters who were telling the truth and
then buy off propagandists who really
are again I really want can we play the
end of that clip as we go to break
because it's incredible it really is
like a heartbreak Jon Meacham does that
not remind you so much of what we as
Americans and what those of us in the
free world
macht from Soviet bloc countries during
the 50 45 years of the Cold War and we
said that's what separates us from them
their Stooges that just repeat the lines
that are fed to them by the government
state-run agencies and airbrushing
people out of photographs and remaking
recasting history in a more congenial
light having no respect for fact which
was the clearest metaphor for the fact
that they didn't really respect the
individual rights of people to determine
their own destiny it's that funny sounds
very grand for a Monday morning but
that's what we're talking about you know
you have you have now and really kind of
an unapologetic assault on truth as
we've understood it in the country and
the salt on reason and assault on the
Democratic lowercase D norms that helped
us build a country that people wanted to
come to and that built a society that
conquered the communistic one in the
most existential struggle in human
history well you know I and you know so
so everybody can start the week on a
cheerful note there but that's what
we're talking about and and I don't
we're not gonna set our hair on fire and
all that but believe me historians will
be looking at this and saying the people
who spoke out against the erosion of
democratic institutions in this time
were the ones who were on the right side
of history
well let's salute Lee let's start this
week out on a cheerful note and thank
God that we're all given the right to
actually speak truth to power and we're
all given the right to call out these
lies we still are and I just I do want
to say something just because I want to
go to break just playing a clip from
these Sinclair hosts again know their
so-called journalists and I just want to
say that
maybe david ignatius is right maybe they
didn't know that what they were doing
would be repeated across the country
they you know it's I always think about
that Atticus Finch line you you you
don't really want to judge another man
or woman until you walk a mile in their
shoes you don't know what their economic
standing is you don't know how much they
need that job you don't know if a child
of theirs is sick or if they need that
money to pay their rent for their mother
who is is ill you you don't know so I'm
being very careful this first time I
don't think we should judge these people
I do think though that certainly they
and all of us are unnoticed now and
there has to be from within Sinclair or
from outside from advertisers there has
to be an understanding that this problem
propaganda has to stop look you can say
you shouldn't judge you don't have to
judge just be honest about what you do
if you're just reading a prompter and
you don't care what the words are then
you're an actor or you're just acting
them out but if you're a journalist you
can do better
well I'm sorry that's not judgmental
that's the truth well I I'm just trying
to better I'm just saying that was the
first time that we know that that
happened let's see what happens moving
forward I'm sure a lot of people are
gonna look at what happened and have
serious second thoughts about it not
allow it to happen again as we got a
break okay so what prompted these
factually inaccurate and contradictory
charges over the weekend the Washington
Post has some clues also ahead David
Chilton says he was fired the White
House says he resigned it's not just
about more bad optics at the White House
this time there are real implication
over who's in charge of Veterans Affairs
who have a live report on that you're
watching Morning Joe we'll be right back
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous
to our democracy this is extremely
dangerous tired
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
thanks for checking out MSNBC on youtube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
