thing won't tonight we've all seen how
obsessed our president is with building
a wall in the southern border and he's
been very specific about the fact it has
to be a real wall we already have quite
a bit of fencing along the border with
Mexico but no that is not good enough
they'll say the fence first of all we
are gonna build the wall and it's gonna
be a real wall okay on the fence
it's another fence it's a wall you just
miss reported it we're going to build a
wall it has to be built a properly
constructed designed wall high not a
little fence like they'd have okay so
definitely a wall not a fence but here's
the thing along the way Trump got even
more specific about the wall you think
of a wall as a wall yeah but honestly
you do need some see-through ability you
need to have a great wall but it has to
be has to be see-through we one vision
we want to be able to see through who's
on the other side of the wall okay so a
wall you can see through well there's a
name for a see-through wall and that's
thing too in 60 seconds president Trump
proudly tweeted on Wednesday great
briefing this afternoon on the start of
our southern border wall along with
several construction photos first of all
no that is not the start of construction
on Trump's border wall
those photos are part of a project in
Calexico California it's been in the
works nine years and it's to replace a
little over two miles of existing wall
built from recycled sheet metal and
second take a closer look at what
they're replacing that old wall with
Customs and Border Patrol calls a
replacement a bollard style wall a
bollard is a post so it's a wall made
out of posts otherwise known as a fence
they are literally taking down an
existing wall and replacing it with a
fence which is also another way of
describing what you might call a
see-through wall you see in just over a
year President Trump has managed to
reinvent the concept of the fence and
gosh darn it he is going to get that
built
we need walls we started building our
wall I'm so proud of it and we're
getting that sucker built and you think
that's easy people said Oh has he given
up on the one I never give up
hey there are miss Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
