developing news tonight on Cambridge
analytic of course that's the Trump
digital firm that misuse Facebook
profiles of 50 million Americans in a
moment you're gonna hear directly from
the Cambridge whistleblower that you
just saw in that clip testifying to the
British Parliament about this firms
misconduct but first here's what we know
about Cambridge and Russia last fall
Muller had Cambridge turn over their
documents from any employee who worked
with the Trump campaign the firm CEO
Alexander Nicks testified before the
House Intelligence Committee last year
in 2016 he also reached out directly to
yes Julian Assange asking for help
on working with WikiLeaks in the Hillary
Clinton emails Mike Flynn also revealed
he was on the payroll of Cambridge's
parent company that's still got a lot of
unanswered questions now this firm
Cambridge analytics also is tied to GOP
megiddo know Rebecca Mercer Rebecca
Mercer it's her company with Steve
banning now he was technically called
Cambridge vice-president and was very
involved in their political agenda so
Cambridge is in the center of this Pro
you see it their ties to WikiLeaks
Facebook and Trump heavy hitters but
tonight new questions about Cambridge's
work for a Russian oil company Luke oil
whose top executive is linked to
Vladimir Putin joining me now is that
whistleblower Christopher Wiley thanks
for being a part of our special your
former company a Cambridge work for
Donald Trump it also apparently talked
to this big Russian oil company lukoil
discussing social media marketing
any idea why an oil company would be so
interested in that and do you see any
potential link there in the Russia probe
or that's a coincidence in your view
first of all yes I find it very unusual
that a Russian oil company wanted to use
the services of Cambridge analytic
wanted to know more about the projects
that we were working on the rippln
project the data harvesting that we were
doing I found it unusual that Alexander
Nicks created a a presentation to a
Russian oil company that talked about
rumor campaigns fake news
you know and and I'm more generally
undermining confidence of voters in
their civic institutions what I told the
committee was that you know there was a
risk given the relationship that Lukoil
has with the FSB which is the Russian
security services of notifying notifying
the Russian intelligence services that
there was a massive data set being
harvested on Americans that the that the
professor who managed that harvesting
program was partly based out of Russia
who was also working on projects for
Russians in in in social media profiling
in psychological profiling and that you
know the the the the risk that was
created it was that in notifying and
notifying this company you know it
showed them a what assets were there and
B where to go and get them they didn't
even have to leave Russia to do it right
and and to be clear a state linked oil
company generally doesn't have a natural
need for that kind of data and social
media marketing to sell oil I wonder do
you think that's something that Nix that
would have bothered Nicks or or he
wouldn't care I think that it's
something that he might not have even
thought about which is which is which is
all the more concerning given that the
parent company of Cambridge analytic SEL
group was also working on NATO funded
projects in the Baltics which included
in part you know Russian counter
propaganda and training NATO forces in
psychological operations which would
have made it an intelligence target for
Russia so you have a company that likely
was being observed in some way by Russia
then interfacing with a Russian company
that has you know very overt links with
the Russian FSB right talking about a
massive data set in America and also
indeed making a pitch about you know
rumor campaigns and undermining
confidence and civic institutions so so
to me that the reason why I talked about
that part
the the other day at my testimony was
because I think that that's something
that genuinely should be investigated
you know it's concerning that there that
that communication happens you know
given what we now know about Russian
interference in the American election
right and so my final question to you
briefly is what do you want to get
across when you do come and speak to us
investigators that that this should be
taken seriously that this isn't just you
know an issue for Facebook that this
isn't just you know a data leak but this
is this is something that potentially
could impact the national security of
the United States and the integrity of
American democratic institutions as well
as institutions here in Britain and
around the world mr. Wiley I know you've
taken a big risk in speaking out as a
whistleblower thank you for joining me
again cheers thank you for having me hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
