it's Friday on the beat and you know
what that means it is time to fall back
joint at night by author baratunde a
Thurston cofounder of cultivated wit a
former Daily Show producer and mass
appeals Sasha Jenkins is here for the
first time he's a director an executive
producer of rapture a Netflix
documentary about nas Davis Just Blaze
and Rhapsody that debuts tonight
Papa's about being truthful you tell the
real story definition of power is
freedom power you free music for me it's
in my Genesis in my DNA just blaze for
days indeed just blaze as they say sorry
I had to do that baratunde day who needs
to fall back oh man surveillance
capitalism needs to fall back this is a
term popularized by these academics
reshawna Zubov and the idea that data
extraction mass surveillance that the
profit motive of most internet business
is these days so Facebook is essentially
an intelligence gathering service
masquerading behind birthday reminders
and like baby photos when you put it
like that it's not so cute it isn't that
so cute it's actually very serious cuz
we've been told for a long time that
there's no cost like if you have nothing
to hide you have nothing to worry about
it turns out our social security numbers
being hacked at Equifax that we have the
police arresting kids on false gang
charges based on social media activity
and of course our election and our whole
democracy as you just so eloquently
presented under attack so if your
business model is stalking your users
you need to fall back
Wow baratunde a bring in the footnotes
to the fallback you know we like that at
the little liner notes Sascha thanks for
being here I'm excited about your
documentary of course who needs to fall
back your peeps that uber need to fall
all the way back I mean the idea of
driverless cars I mean that's just
bananas to me in the first place for
multiple multitude reasons I mean people
need jobs you know so what's gonna
happen all of a sudden we're gonna have
drivers with driverless cars and no jobs
and then the risk of people dying
actually not only their jobs being
killed but unfortunately people are
losing their lives as well yeah
yeah and it's it's scary I mean you know
what's scary scarier than a getting that
one star rating from your driver is
having no driver and feeling a risk you
know you got anyone else to fall back
this week I would say Wilbur Ross at
commerce who was sneaking in the
citizenship question on the census
they're asking a question but that the
deeper aims is so people don't answer
any of them this is an attempt to buy
essentially a white supremacist
administration to lock up as many black
people as possible to deport as many
Brown people as possible and by putting
us a decision question on the census you
are signaling to immigrant communities
don't answer the census that affects
representation that affects federal
dollars allocation so if your business
model all right again if you depend if
your idea of whiteness is so fragile
that you can't even count people of
color hmm Yuda fall back Wow Wilbur Ross
catching it falling back everything
authority and you put it well because it
the real question with that right is
what does the government do with this
information information goes to power it
goes to resources my fallback nominee
less important it's called prose thesis
take a look remember an alien's when
Sigourney Weaver was an alien she's
she's be there like in the robot suit
and well now they want to make this real
this is a thing I'm gonna show you the
real one prosthesis in action a giant
exoskeleton that amplifies the pilots
movements this company fury on wants to
let you basically take one of these
around you know Central Park I don't
think it's a good idea I want it wrong
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
