so just to be clear should the FBI
interview all three of Brett Cavanaugh's
accusers it wouldn't bother me at all I
think the FBI should interview anybody
that they want within reason should
Brett Kavanaugh be interviewed by the
FBI M I think so I think it's fine if
they do especially welcome back to
Harville despite the president's word on
Monday that the FBI should have a free
hand in conducting their background
investigation of Judge Cavanaugh there's
mounting concern today Thursday that the
bureau didn't do a thorough job
today's 46 page report it's the product
of a five-day inquiry including nicely
consisting of nine FBI interviews that's
it
neither Christine Blasi Ford nor Judge
cabinet were interviewed at all
Norman murus potential corroborating
witnesses referred to the FBI by
Cavanaugh's accusers and several took
they're setting their own unsolicited
statements to the FBI and hoped that
they'd be heard now whatever current and
former FBI officials confirmed NBC News
yesterday that agents have not been
permitted to talk to many of these
people who won't talk to them likewise
Bloomberg has reported yesterday that
the FBI has an interviewed bread cabinet
or Christine blinds board because it
doesn't have clear authority from the
White House to do just that despite
those reports Republican senators on the
Judiciary Committee that said today that
no limitations who the FBI could or
would not interview were made let's
watch them play this game we did not
come up with a list of people who the
FBI should interview it's just to be
clear that we did not give them a list
of people and only these people that can
speak with the FBI has gotten all the
all the permission they need in order to
interview whoever they think is
necessary there has been no one to
corroborate any of the allegations made
by dr. Ford or by Ms Ramirez and the
FBI's reported that back to us Oh Johnny
now is Natasha for transit staff writer
for The Atlantic and Greg Brower former
US attorney and former senior FBI
official a Greg first of all to you
everybody's throwing a hot potater
around I mean there's I watch the
Republican senators today all say we had
nothing to do with restricting we told
me do whatever they wanted to follow the
president said in front of them in the
Rose Garden the other day on the
Canadian trade deal he said when I told
me go whatever they are they want to
lead and then we find out that all they
talked to us a few people they didn't
went after the
drunken belligerents thing then
everybody was trying to figure out about
or any kind of really going after the
you Ramirez case they didn't follow all
the leads that we've been have been
given to them they won't even talk to
the people coming forward yeah so I
obviously don't know who said what to
who but I will tell you in my house the
FBI what to do
the White House does but in my
experience says at the FBI and as a
former federal prosecutor I just can't
imagine this investigation being done
without the FBI interviewing both Ford
and Kavanagh that just I think that
makes sense to just ordinary folks well
they were told not to is that possible
it is possible because the White House
does guide the process okay here's the
theory that's making the rounds I got
this from from David corn today and I
think he's reliable I know it's a point
of view but he's reliable as a
journalist that they didn't want any of
you hard because they don't want to view
him because they didn't think that he
could handle an FBI investigation and
that frank about his drinking habits his
belligerence when he got drunk the
amount of drinking did when he was
yelling the whole story he couldn't
stand the muster up in a one-on-one
interview with a met with an agent it's
possible she'd have to lie it's it's
yeah it's possible I think that it would
have been limited anyway because the
White House limited the scope saying
that they could only talk about the
sexual assault allegations so all of the
witnesses who palazzi Ford has who
Deborah Debbie Ramirez has that can talk
about his drinking habits in high school
in college they would technically be
off-limits for the FBI but every
incident that has been mentioned here in
which he was blotto exactly and that's
why Republicans have said that the
Democrats are not shifting the goalposts
and saying that his drinking has become
the issue but his drinking is central to
it because he was drunk allegedly in
every one of these incidents as you said
so it is extremely important to not only
get information that could corroborate
and sexual assault allegations but also
information about his his habits in high
school and college nobody assumed he
would ever have exposed himself to use
the phrase to use if he wasn't blotto a
drunk of course Debra Ramirez for
example is laughlin law school classmate
alleged the cabin exposed himself to her
well yeah told The New Yorker the people
who were key to corroborate my story
have not been contacted I feel like I'm
being silenced this is Ramirez talking
lawyers for Christine Blasi port also
said in a letter the FBI director Ray
quote the investigation conducted over
the past five days is a stain on the
process on the FBI and arm
American ideal of justice sir yeah I
think the the White House and the Senate
Republicans sort of missed an
opportunity here to to take a big
process foul call away from the
Democrats had the at forward and
Kavanagh been interviewed had all of the
Ramirez witness has been interviewed the
Democrats still virtually all of them
would be opposed to this nominee but
they wouldn't be able to say that the
FBI reopening was rigged or somehow
wasn't full and complete but they're
saying the very strong possibility would
have found what they weren't looking for
right a problem right exactly and I
think that the FBI the people in the FBI
are naturally they want to get to the
truth and they are very very frustrated
from what I'm hearing that their hands
are tied about this and so the g-men or
what were they g-men or not where they
acting as Jamin or acting as tools in
the White House I don't know what a
jimenez government man II don't see a
man you don't know the old 30s movies
but don't know FBI guys ultimately the
White House is their clients so they are
restricted but they know and they
recognize Pinkertons they work for the
United States car but not just the
president right but it is the White
House is ultimately the client then as
Greg said I mean there are things that
the White House can can limit
they're being used by the white house
here that they're being used by maybes
Peter Chris I would just say that as I
mentioned the White House does control
the background investigation process
both the scope and the duration but
obviously the Republicans the White
House have an optics problem here it
just doesn't look right to a lot of
folks that those two individuals were
not interviewed as part of this it
doesn't I just don't think it makes
sense to pique suppose the guy was up
for secretary offense like John tower
once was there the drinking probably
does face it at stake you know whatever
he's doing but he didn't pass muster can
you tell if you're doing a job check on
somebody can you say yep I want you to
check this guy out for this job
remember being a member of the Supreme
Court Associate Justice but don't go
into this drunken mess thing of is this
dr. Jekyll problem it is because I kid
it's showing up with all these incidents
but but don't check that one out can you
actually do that
well here you say don't check out the
main problem that's not likely to happen
because this whole process the
background process exists for the White
House's benefit it's a way for the White
House to cover-up potential nominee it
sounds like you say they can give the
FBI the job of covering up well normally
they have no incentive to do it because
they the problem if they say that to the
FBI in the course of a normal bi
background investigation and then later
after the innominate has announced
something comes up the White House will
be embarrassed so in my experience the
White House wants a very full and
complete process so let me ask you a
question about the trail can the
Democrats that they get their act
together people like Feinstein can they
if they ever get this house of the
Senate back can they subpoena that the
directions given by the White House to
the FBI in this case so they know how
they restricted the the operation Chuck
Schumer is already talking about a Chuck
Schumer is already saying that he
doesn't know the subpoena power you know
he doesn't buy the Democrats I mean the
Democrats in general they they do want
this directive because they think that
it more than writing the explanation the
anger they in writing the directive for
those down the ganzen of this character
the FBI so we may never be able to find
out what those restrictions were well I
the Democrats in the majority would
likely want to subpoena witnesses to ask
them those questions and that'll turn
into a big fight about privileges and
other things but can you get is it in
writing or his began get on the phone
with Christopher Raines say let's keep
this tight can he pull that number and
keep this tight just limited well as I
said in the norm
course the White House counsel's office
does provide that kind of guidance to
the FBI not for the purpose of
purposefully not finding things which is
to kind of keep it on track keep it
within deadlines but targets Trump here
okay this is not a normal background
investigation in any way hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
