how did this happen and how did we
successfully stop it
right the what surprises everybody the
most is just how unprepared the world is
for the next global pandemic and it's
coming it's not a question of if we
encounter some virus or disease that's
going to spread across the world and
cause a lot of deaths it's when the
shape of the world is totally changing
human societies expanding more into
areas they've never been before climate
change means that the tropics and
subtropics are bigger which means that
the bugs that carry these things extend
farther and there's no real global body
that's responsible for doing this the
World Health Organization was grossly
unprepared and take a look at this they
to their credit they've undergone a
serious round of self-examination
but there's still a lot more to do what
would have happened if the United States
didn't exist this Ebola outbreak because
it feels as if there was no
international leadership on this right
millions more people would have died the
CDC did some back of the napkin
calculations and they projected that if
nothing had been done the virus would
have spread just within those three
countries to impact and maybe kill more
than a million people in just a space of
a few weeks so without the u.s. effort
this thing would have spread not just
regionally but also globally here we are
in a moment where it feels as if a lot
of countries are want to retreat from
multilateralism and yet what you're
describing is if we're gonna keep this
planet alive we're gonna have to have
some multilateralism and when you look
at to me it's the big population country
center so it's your India's that you're
China's it's you and then the wealthy
countries in the United States and to a
lesser extent Russia the World Health
Organization is it just too bureaucratic
is it do just the big five countries
need to just take this matters into
their own hands right a big part of the
the spread of the outbreak was that the
World Health Organization was so weighed
down by bureaucracy that they were
effectively unable to muster the the
effort to send in the massive amounts of
resources needed to stop something like
this in the future you know the next
thing the next virus whatever it is
could come from a place like the senator
of Africa it could come from a bird
market in China that's what a lot of
international health experts are worried
about the next big thing being an
influence
so when I was reading your book there's
part of it that's alarming and part of
it that's reassuring yeah we stopped
this I mean we had one person died of
Ebola now are the coverage and the panic
you would have thought we lost thousands
right or hundreds or tens I mean you
know more people have died in the last
second from probably from the flu right
now than they did from Obama right
Ebola Ebola the the this is at its heart
an optimistic story and it's an
optimistic story because as desperately
poor and in need as these three
countries were this outbreak happened in
a place where you know the US has a very
close relationship with Liberia we
created the country of Liberia the UK
has a very close relationship with
Sierra Leone Guinea has a very close
relationship with France that is the
coalition-building fantasy game imagine
if this thing that happened three
basically the three countries who
probably have the most superior medical
right it happened in Pakistan or in
Indonesia the arrival of 3,000 American
troops in Liberia was seen as a blessed
event is the hundred and first Airborne
going to go into Pakistan to fight
something like this they have to fight
their way in before they even got to the
virus so what you're saying it was luck
where it happened it could have happened
in another part of Africa and I've been
much harder to make this happen right
and the US has been testing a lot of the
drugs that our end up going to end up
saving a lot of lives in other parts of
Africa among our close allies but you
know Africa is changing and there are
parts of Africa where US presence is no
longer welcome the real tragedy though
is I've spent some time in West Africa
particularly Ghana West Africa is a good
news story or was a good news story
before a bowl of this this couldn't I
mean while I understand it it was lucky
that it happened there and that we could
save the you know it was an easier
chance to save the save this from
becoming a pandemic it really set back
western Africa it did and to the tune of
billions of dollars in a place where I
mean the life expectancy is literally
lower than anywhere else in the world
where the you know the average life
where the arrows were all up really two
years ago the arrows are all up and now
it's like in one there there is still
hope especially for democracies in West
Africa just in the last few months the
presidents of Liberia and Sierra Leone
have changed in a peaceful transition of
power so that's there's some optimism
the Obama administration
and tackle this in a crisis mode it
feels to me similar to how they handled
the Gulf spill cleanup it looked messy
at the time but the result as a result
it was a successful cleanup right one of
the things I think the Obama
administration realized was they didn't
approach this with the sense of public
urgency that they needed to they they
followed the principle if you will
President Obama was never a high drama
personal drama Obama right so but
without that they left the vacuum open
for a lot of the fear-mongering that you
talked about the way they fixed that is
evident in their response to the Zika
virus Zika came out the administration
was a lot more upfront about what they
were doing and how they were tackling
this problem even though comparatively
speaking the Zika virus has a mortality
rate not even comparable to Ebola right
Reid Wilson good for you for digging
into this because these are that these
are the type of context that we don't
everybody says you don't do this yes we
do as journalists you just need to go
read it and it's a good reproof it's a
good news story about a lot of Americans
who went over and helped people who
needed to be helped but it's also a
reminder of why you have to have some
multi lateral isn't read Wilson
Congrats thank you very much hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
