going now by Michael McFaul former US
ambassador to Russia under President
Obama and NBC News international affairs
analyst Michael good to see you thanks
for having me how do you make sense of
the disconnect between Donald Trump's
words of what he says in public and what
the administration is doing with
sanctions and expelling diplomats I'll
tell you honestly I can't make sense of
it I just want to underscore it at the
beginning how very strange this
situation is Democrats and Republicans
in the White House have always had a
consistent policy between the president
and their presidential administrations
but when it comes to Russia policy the
Trump administration has one policy the
president doesn't seem to want to
endorse it now my theory is that he
wants to keep open as you just reported
as you just talked about the possibility
that he could have a breakthrough if he
could just get in a back room with Putin
that they would hit it off because there
are two strong guys that can get along I
think that's the theory in the back of
his head I just don't think it's working
I think instead he looks very weak in
the eyes of Putin and the rest of the
Kremlin is there a scenario where it
could possibly work I mean to play
devil's advocate here it's a very
complicated world we're living in Russia
does have strategic foreign policy in
place that they could help us with in
terms of what's happening in the Middle
East in Syria and Isis is it a bad idea
for the president to try and cultivate
that relationship as its as our
administration does enact tougher
sanctions no I don't think it's a bad
idea but it has to be for what purpose
it cannot be for a good relationship
with Russia and a friendly phone call
with Vladimir Putin and that's I think
where the president hasn't mixed up he
thinks that the goal of his policy
towards Russia is better relations a
friendly summit with Putin those are
means to other ends other national
security objectives and what's striking
about president Trump is he doesn't talk
about those national security objectives
he just talks about wouldn't it be nice
to get along with President Putin the
question is for what end
what would we achieve concretely as a
result of that rapprochement this
administration says it has been tough on
Russia despite what the president might
say it says it has been very tough on
Russia have they regarding concrete
policies yes I think there's been a lot
of continuity between President Obama's
administration and and the Trump
administration they're gonna hate that
that I just said that but it's true if
you think about the build-up of NATO
support for Ukraine sanctions against
Russian individuals and corporations
close to the Kremlin all of those things
started under Obama and they've
continued in the trump era add to that
lethal weapons to Ukraine that's
doubling down on a tougher policy that
the Trump people have done beyond what
President Obama did and then this
back-and-forth in terms of expelling
diplomats and closing the consulate in
Seattle that also is a tough policy
towards Russia it's just not endorsed by
the President himself well some folks
including general Barry McCaffrey say
that is because Vladimir Putin has
something on Donald Trump he tweeted the
other day March 16th reluctantly I've
concluded that President Trump is a
serious threat to US national security
he's refusing to protect vital US
interests from active Russian attacks it
is apparent that he is for some unknown
reason under the sway of Putin what do
you think I'm not prepared to go there
just yet I want to hear all the facts I
want the Muller investigations to be
completed it's a working hypothesis that
I think should be tested but I think
there's an alternative hypothesis that
also needs to be tested which is that
Donald Trump just thinks about foreign
policy in terms of personal
relationships if you think about some
other relationships around the world he
thinks of these things as relationships
with him and I think that is damaging I
want to be clear I think that is
damaging to American national interest
just to have an off-the-cuff remarks
about this leader or that but it's an
alternative to the more sinister
hypothesis that I think was suggested
that I tweet
the secretary-general of the UN says
that we are warned that we're entering a
new Cold War do you think that that is
true
you know Katie I like to use a different
term I call it the hot piece because the
name of my next book is called from cold
war to hot peace and I use that phrase
to echo the cold war but to also suggest
that it's different because some things
are the same we all have the nuclear
arsenals that can blow up the world
we have conventional capabilities that
are second only to China between the
United States and Russia that's like the
cold war we have an ideological struggle
yeah today that I don't think a lot of
Americans understand but that's most
certainly the way that Putin sees it but
some things are different even in the
last decades of the Cold War
nobody annexed territory that's what
Vladimir Putin did in the Ukraine nobody
intervened in the 2006 in our elections
in the way that Russia did in 2016
that's something new and these
assassinations including the the recent
assassination attempt in the UK that
also is an extraordinary activity that I
think distinguishes this period and I'm
not so sure that the the hot piece is
any safer or more secure than the Cold
War I think it's a hard question I think
you got to go deep into the Cold War for
a member of time when us-russian
relations were so confrontational I'm
almost out of time but I want to ask you
one more quick question are we ready for
a cold war or a hot piece is the u.s.
equipment all right no we're not we do
not have a grand strategy for dealing
with our current era you know in the
Cold War we had containment I think we
need a policy of NiO containment
elements of containment elements of
cooperation right now but so far we have
not articulated a grand strategy for
dealing with this very difficult and
dangerous time ambassador Michael McFaul
Cold War hot Pease waiting for the book
thank you sir thanks for having me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
