breaking news to tell you about we were
just getting word of this the jury
reaching a verdict this morning in the
trial for Nour Salman that's the widow
of the pulse nightclub shooter NBC's
Pete Williams following from our DC
bureau Pete what's the verdict and the
Steve the verdict is not guilty not
guilty on both counts for nur Salman the
widow of Omar ma Mateen in this only
trial to stem from the pulse nightclub
shooting in 2016 the government had
filed two charges against her saying
that she aided and abetted in a terror
attack and the basis of that charge is
because during the shooting Mateen
repeatedly pledged support to Isis and
secondly obstruction of justice
prosecutors said she lied to the FBI and
gave contradictory statements about
whether she knew in advance what he was
going to do but after a multi-week trial
the jury has found her not guilty now
it's fair to say that the evidence
pointed in several directions during
this trial for starters the defense said
that yes she did in a sense sign a
confession but they said this was done
under duress that she had been
questioned for hours after the shooting
but by the FBI that she was a woman with
a low IQ who had been abused by her
husband and signed it only because she
feared that if she didn't she would lose
custody of their young son they also
said that the idea that she scouted
locations with her husband wasn't true
she had said at one point that they
drove past the pulse nightclub but the
cellphone records from both of them
showed that they never did that again
contradictory evidence so she could have
faced life in prison if she had been
convicted on the terrorism charge but
instead she's been found not guilty the
jury obviously failing to buy the
government's claim that she abetted the
the Vollmar Mateen in this and
interestingly there was a point when the
jury asked the judge to define aiding
and abetting and the judge said back
well I can't give you examples of facts
that would constitute encouragement and
support but here's what the judge told
the jury in a written note that he sent
back to them when they were asking this
question in during their
de lib√©ration he said this quote you
should bear in mind that to aid and abet
another to commit a crime it is
necessary that ms saw miss almond in
some sort associated herself with the
criminal act of providing or attempting
to provide material support that she
participated in it as something that she
wished to bring about and that she
sought by her actions to make it succeed
so that may have been an important thing
that the jury had in mind and as it
deliberated now Steve this trial
produced some interesting revelations
about the shooting the prosecution said
in closing arguments that Omar matine's
original target was Disney World that he
was going to attack it by using a gun
hidden in a baby stroller but that when
he got there he decided against it
because he saw too many police and
during the trial of the government
agents said that an analysis of his cell
phone showed that after he left
Disneyworld he basically looked up
nightclubs in the Orlando area found two
of them sort of went back and forth
between the two of them and finally
settled on the pulse nightclub where he
began the shooting rampage at about 2:00
in the morning and he was then shot by
police after he in fact had killed so
many and injured so many during that
shooting it was right after that or
several hours after that that the police
began to question
Noor Salman his widow the trial also
produced the revelation that Omar
matine's father had actually been an FBI
informant for over a decade Sadiq Mateen
was an FBI informant whether his son
knew that or not we never heard and we
also heard that the FBI investigated the
father briefly after it discovered
during a search of the house after the
shooting that he had made a number of
cash payments overseas right before the
shooting but he was never charged no one
else was ever charged in the shooting
except Noor Salman and now the verdict
not guilty Steve hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
