you got a stash of Intel that you refuse
to share with my agents if we were in
possession of such a computer and I'm
not confirming that we are it would be a
foreign intelligence matter not a law
enforcement matter so you do have the
hard drive I don't know how you reach
that how would you know if it was a law
enforcement matter or foreign
intelligence matter if you haven't
looked at the hard drive if we did have
any intelligence whatsoever it would be
for us to decide how best to use it
before you do what you always do go
around the globe arresting people and
putting them on trial before you blow a
possible goldmine of information and
render it utterly useless
those that clip from the looming tower
Newton part miniseries based on the
Pulitzer prize-winning book written by
our next guest
Lawrence Wright Lawrence is also an
executive producer of the new series and
Lawrence as you know along with just
about everybody else who cares about
foreign policy and American politics I'm
a huge fan of the looming tower and have
been I can't believe it's been over a
decade now and so that since you release
it and so that leads to the first
question what does a looming tower teach
us in 2018 that we didn't know in 2006 I
guess the lesson of this series is that
divided we fail the division between our
intelligence agencies was so profound
and in my opinion had they been able to
cooperate nor willing to cooperate that
plot - before 9/11 could have been
stopped but it was not and is because of
that internal division that was most
institutional and personal that the plot
was allowed to proceed and the
consequences that kind of division are
really evident today so I think the yeah
it resonates with us
now I believe yeah and you know it was
remarkable if you talk to CIA agents the
open contempt they had for FBI agents
and and vice versa has that improved
over the past decade
the intelligence agencies have been
reorganized and we now have the National
Counterterrorism Center where they're
forced to cooperate with each other our
relations with foreign services are much
improved but the disparagement of our
intelligence agencies by some partisan
figures has been very discouraging to me
isn't Peter skarsg√•rd fabulous you know
I saw parts 1 & 2 yeah the the series
act we begin them with the embassy
bombings in 1998 yes and it's
interesting because Americans on 9/11
thought that this attack came out of the
blue yes American had been under attack
for three years you know the 224 people
were killed in those embassy bombings in
East Africa 150 people were blinded by
the flying glass and then in October of
2000 the USS Cole was bombed in Yemen
yes 17 American sailors were killed and
this is in the height of the
presidential election and during the
debates not a single question as opposed
about terrorism so it wasn't on
American's mind until it came they were
shall New York you know I'm curious
what's the experience like as an author
watching your book turned into a
basically a Hollywood production do you
have input on on casting on the plot did
they just sort of take it and run with
it how does it work well I had a lot of
influence I'm a producer and I wanted to
introduce the cast to the kind of people
that they were going to be writing about
and the writers as well so I took the
writers to the FBI and I took them to
Washington and introduce them to Dick
Clark and a bunch of former CIA
operatives so they get familiar with
that world and sketch haven't worked
with the producers and to sketch out the
arc of the season so I felt very engaged
by it but the thing that made me I'd
been reluctant for years to see the
looming tower
treated in a you know as a movie or
television series and but I realized it
was going to be done anyway and and when
I decided to try to take control of it
television had changed you know now you
know to have a ten episodes with the
quality of actors and directors that we
were able to get shot in eight countries
that's not the television that I used to
my memory of the book was that it
focused a lot on the people who plotted
the attack on bin Laden and those around
him this seems to focus more on the
people who failed to stop the attack was
that a deliberate shift for television
no we actually do you know to take a lot
of scenes inside the al-qaeda community
and so we are we are dealing with that
side of the story we made a conscious
decision not to make for instance the
sama bin Laden a character although we
use documentary footage that we insert
into you know the scenes that we shot so
that the readers the viewers can have
that sense of reality but you know we we
spend a lot of time in the al-qaeda
community yeah Lawrence let me let me
just ask you in closing what what lesson
do you have for for authors for writers
for journalists when it comes to
reporting what was it about the looming
tower that made everybody from let's say
Dick Cheney on the right to his most
strident opponents on the Left what made
them buy the book and hand it to their
friends like I did two three or four of
my friends and say read this book if you
want to understand what's going on right
now you have to read this book
why did your book seem to breakthrough
on the most contentious issue of the day
and break through to people on both
sides of the ideological divide well
thank you for your question Joe I
suppose that
when I tried a report I'd you know every
reporter is supposed to speak to as many
people as possible and and I spoke to
600 people when I was preparing the
looming tower and that I call that
horizontal reporting but there's another
axis that I call vertical reporting
which is within that universe of 600
people some are more candid more
knowledgeable and and more insightful
and I go back to those people again and
again so if you have those two axes the
you know you're going to get a broad
consensus but the vertical axis is more
about understanding and so if you bore
in deep with certain people to try to
understand why they joined al-qaeda for
instance or you know why did we fail to
stop 9/11 some people are really more
useful and I think in that sense you get
the you know the broader view of it but
you also tend to have a way of boring
into the story that you otherwise
couldn't do all right well Lawrence
thank you so much
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
