welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at ax es am
political reporter for Axios Alexei
McCammon Alexei good morning to you
thanks for joining us talk to us about
Axios is one big thing this morning sure
so today's one big thing is president
Trump's quarter 1 slump the stock market
closed today because it's Good Friday
and the numbers show that the Dow Jones
Industrial Average and the and the S&P
are down as well as Facebook and Google
and this matters for a lot of reasons
but it matters for one reason and that's
because Trump has sort of become
obsessed with the stock market since
becoming president in the same way he
was sort of obsessed with building a
wall when he was running for president
he's tweeted about it you know more than
60 times since becoming president so
when the numbers are down that doesn't
look good for him so so let's talk about
president Trump's tweeting because it
seems as if you're reporting indicates
that his use of Twitter has actually
played a pretty major role in the
market's performance right that's
exactly at Trump tweets a lot as we all
know and he often makes major policy
announcements or major White House staff
shake-up announcements via Twitter and
often without much or any notice at all
and so that sort of contributes to this
uncertainty that investors have and
we've seen this in the past week when
Trump tweeted about Amazon Amazon stocks
dipped when he tweeted about tariffs the
Dow was down 500 points so it's that
uncertainty and also the major
announcement that he's making through
this medium why are investors more
attuned to Trump's Twitter activity in
2018 than they were in 2017 it seems or
why are you predicting that it's because
this this idea of economic volatility or
the stock market volatility is it is
happening now in a way that we haven't
really seen in the past year and that's
again because of this uncertainty and
again because of the way that Trump is
making these major announcements via
Twitter that have far-reaching
implications but especially implications
on the stock market and so while
economic investors were sort of
predicting before this week that
volatility would be a thing throughout
Trump's presidency we've seen in the
last week alone how that has really
played out and especially connected to
his tweets so if the volatility you feel
like is going to be a theme going going
throughout 2018 not just first quarter
yes I think it will be the new normal
Trump is sort of the x-factor in all of
this as corporate perform
is doing fairly well economic or the
economy fundamentals are doing well
Trump is really unpredictable and I
think investors are recognizing that and
that's something they're going to have
to sort of adjust you this year in ways
they haven't in the past so what are
investors actually looking for from the
White House right now that's the key
thing right so last year at this time
the White House was passing and they
ultimately passed tax cuts and so that
was a big thing Trump and the
administration set out and said this
year they would be focusing on
infrastructure but no one really took
that seriously and we now have seen that
that's not actually happening there are
no major policies or legislative actions
we can expect from the White House
moving forward and many at least this
year and many economic experts are sort
of saying they're not predicting
anything coming from the White House
that would sort of move the needle in a
positive direction for the stock market
Aleksey while I have you I want to talk
about your new reporting as well
regarding polling by the Democrats and
their relation or sorry polling and the
relationship the Democrats have with the
president going forward when we're
looking at the midterm elections and
what they need to say and what they need
to not say on the election trail talk to
me about that yes so yesterday I
reported for Axios on internal polling
from the d-triple-c that it was advising
Democratic candidates in swing districts
to show a willingness to work with
President Trump and we've seen how folks
like Connor Lam and Doug Jones more
moderate Democrats do well and can
ultimately help Democrats on their path
to the majority in the house but the
interesting thing is that since Trump
was elected as president he sort of
unleashed this far left wing of the
Democratic Party that is you know
wanting to do anything but work with
Trump so there's that tension within the
party but also this polling shows that
they should really talk about how the
economy has improved under Trump and not
sort of ostracize voters and make them
feel like Democrats are out of sync with
that reality without giving Trump and
Republicans too much credit so it seems
as if they need to sort of look at
running a more local race than more a
national race especially when you
consider someone like Connor Lam in his
and has when in in district 18 in
Pennsylvania exactly that's the thing is
showing a willingness to work with Trump
as long as the agenda would sort of help
the district and also focusing on the
economic benefits that folks in their
district are experiencing now because of
Trump all right Aleksey McCammon thank
you we're gonna be reading access a.m.
in just a little while and to all our
viewers out there you too can sign up
for the newsletter ax
yes calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
