I also want to express our appreciation
for secretary Shelton who is
implementing the dramatic reform
throughout the VA so I have no doubt it
will be properly implemented right David
better be Dave
we'll never have to use those words
we'll never have to use those words in
our David well after weeks of
uncertainty David Chokin our David is
out as Secretary of Veterans Affairs the
last Obama era carry over in the Trump
cabinet he was in good favor with the
president until he wasn't he took heavy
incoming fire after an internal report
showed quote serious derelictions
surrounding a trip Shulkin took to
Europe with his wife the tab for ten
days was a hundred grand while in the UK
they accepted tickets to Wimbledon the
report also found his chief of staff dr.
Dan email so taxpayers would cover the
trips expense Trump announced the staff
change where else on Twitter writing
quote I am pleased to announce that I
intend to nominate highly respected
Admiral Ronnie al Jackson MD as the new
Secretary of Veterans Affairs in the
interim Honorable Robert Wilkie of DoD
will serve as Acting Secretary I am
thankful for dr. David Shulkin service
to our country and to our great veterans
and while Shogun's rumored possible
replacements ran the gamut from a Fox
News host to a three-star Army general
the president's choice was a genuine
surprise he chose his doctor the
physician to the President to run the
second largest agency in all of our
government ten times bigger than the FBI
you may remember the doctor from his
memorable on-camera briefing after
examining his patient the president US
Navy Rear Admiral Ronnie Jackson was
selected as White House physician back
in O six he previously treated President
Obama and just last week he was promoted
and received his second star here is a
bit from that memorable briefing a few
months back he has absolutely no you
know cognitive or mental issues
whatsoever that he is very sharp
he has incredibly good genes and it's
just so I got my team on his heart is
very healthy he's very sharp and you
know he's very articulate when he speaks
to me more stamina and more energy than
just about anybody there the president's
overall health is excellent his cardiac
health is excellent he has incredible
genes I just assume a man fit for duty
for the remainder of this term and even
for the remainder of another term if
he's elected well let's talk about this
with retired four-star US
army general Barry McCaffrey decorated
combat veteran of Vietnam former
battlefield commander in the Persian
Gulf now on MSNBC military analyst he
also served as this nation's drug czar
under President Clinton general what do
you make of this this choice and I'm
also curious as to your customer
experience as a more important than
average customer of the VA well it's
certainly a very unusual appointment by
all accounts by the way this young
Admiral is a superb physician look at
his background he's been the honor
graduate of Bose lives courses he was a
combat doctor in Iraq so he's genuinely
a very capable physician with a lot of
time in Washington and he's got the
confidence of the presidents I must
admit though it's unusual to have
someone of that background who's been
running for 12 years now he's been
running a couple hundred people in the
White House to now be in charge of a
hundred and eighty billion dollar budget
and three hundred and eighty thousand
employees and it's not just healthcare I
mean there's a hundred and thirty one
cemeteries for gosh sakes Veterans
Benefits program which is Byzantine
beyond belief so it's a very unusual
appointment we got to wish him well some
people say this is another possible step
toward privatizing more of the VA and
there are two distinct opinions about
that what's your take on that
well I think that's exam Ager reason
secretary Shulkin gut can though he had
a boneheaded incident with a travel
thing but I think he's fighting with the
political appointees in his own agency
and I must admit Brian there is an
argument that the VA which is an
absolutely national treasure to the
veterans once you're in it in the system
they're just terrific Doc's
medical cares first-rate we spend a kind
of money supporting our veterans the
most generous nation on the face of the
earth to our veterans but the VA has got
endemic problems they've had a lot of
problem with institutional lack of
integrity not telling the boss the truth
they just they can't seem to organize
themselves there is a solid argument to
have every veteran have a credit card
with a chip in it that says here's the
care he's authorized and let the veteran
decide whether to go to a VA facility or
to go to a private practitioner I might
add that's the way the military medical
retirement system works if I had a
choice I'd go to Walter Reed because I
live in Seattle I use Swedish hospital
so I think we've got to do something to
have competition and to downsize the VA
and not try and have them take care of
the direct care of veterans all over the
nation
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
