we're having a meeting tonight that what
we've all affectionally the southern
white house seems to be the most
convenient location everybody always
wants to go to the southern way the VA
yes have you heard about the meeting
about the VA that we're gonna have
tonight at the southern white house that
you the head of the VA won't be yet
Donald Trump today announced on Twitter
that David Shulkin the man there seen
grimacing and nodding the head of
Veterans Affairs is stepping down to be
replaced by the president's personal
physician no no not that personal
position the man who owns wrote that
Trump would be quote the healthiest
individual ever elected to the
presidency no now that one this one dr.
Ronnie Jack Jackson who coincidentally
said earlier this year the president was
just one pound shy of obesity joining me
now MSNBC contributor Jennifer Rubin of
the Washington Post there's a pattern
here there's a bunch of patterns one is
leaving choking out to dry which he
likes to do too is not firing her in
person and three is picking someone that
he knows personally correct and someone
who has gilded the lily to put it mildly
on his behalf and a fourth would be
someone who has absolutely no
qualifications for the job simply
because you have been a doctor does not
mean you are qualified to run a mammoth
bureaucracy with all kinds of long-term
embedded management issues he has not
been a hospital administrator he hasn't
run a large organization and way back
when when the Senate used to consider
its job to be serious and would actually
go through a vetting process in the
advise and consent they would say to
people like this I'm sorry you're not
qualified for the job but what Trump
knows is that the Republicans in the
Senate will rubber-stamp just about
anyone he sends up there so he will send
up anyone and he will send up someone
who really has no qualification other
than the fact he's personally loyal and
friendly willing to sort of shade the
truth for the president and that's a bad
thing for the United States we should
say that that dr. Ryan Jackson is is
very well respected that he was in that
position before Obama world people sing
his praises to the high heavens I want
to bring in former Senator Barbara Boxer
of California
tasky senator this which is Jennifer's
point which is this is if I'm not
mistaken I think it's this one maybe the
second largest administrative job in the
federal government is this person
qualified for the job so the Senate
confirmable I don't know enough about
him which is right away saying what this
is this is a huge operation
it's got hundreds of thousands of
employees it's it's headed toward I
believe two hundred billion dollars one
of the largest entities but I think what
this is about is follow the money
because I think the problem that
trillion had outside of the fact that he
had some ethical lapses but by the way
nothing like others in the
administration which we could get into
such as zinc E or minuchin or Carson
just to name a few it's really that
chicken went slow on privatization right
and when you say follow the money
that's the answer you know I know this
because I've seen it over the years
and the Veterans Administration has a
lot of problems and choken was starting
to fix those problems Obama and Trump
but the whole goal here is to you know
frankly take all that money and give it
over to some of Donald's friends I think
that's what this is about
and I think there's going to be a whole
lot of screaming from veterans
organizations who don't want to lose the
VA I want to be clear because there's a
lot of reporting that supports that
Nancy Pelosi statement today mentioning
that there's been a long-standing effort
to essentially privatize VA and lots of
reporting that interpreted the sort of
Shulkin battles happening inside were
essentially a proxy war over that policy
direction but there's also the question
Jennifer of the sort of Harriet Miers
test I write you know Jonathan Swan
I think reporting that someone told them
off the record this is Harriet Miers
again who is the you know president's
White House Counsel he tried to elevate
the Supreme Court and Republicans
Republicans said no right right well
unfortunately that sort of check in the
system doesn't happen much and although
I think there are good and real policy
debates that are going on in will going
on will be going on I think
very much like the other people that
Senator boxer named did dig his own
grave abusing once again the taxpayers
money by paying for a vacation for
himself and his wife perhaps not being
entirely honest and then becoming kind
of a paranoid lunatic having people
stand out guard really going to war with
his staff to the point in which it was
becoming an embarrassment even for this
White House I suppose so I I would go
back a couple steps and say listen
chokan may not have been the right
person for this president to have
appointed but we know as we know with
every other position whoever comes next
is going to be worse and that's gonna be
the pattern throughout the
administration he was starting with a
very low talent pool to begin with
because people who were honest who were
capable who had criticized him took
themselves out of the running or he took
them out so you begin with a lower than
average starting pool and now that he's
circling through and throwing these
people off each successive replacement
gets worse and worse and now you really
are down to people who are only there
because Trump met with them once or they
kind of said what he wanted to say or
they were good on TV and you remember
this guy was good on TV he gave a press
conference one of the better ones that
anyone in this administration has given
so that's enough for Donald Trump
senator it seems to me that if your
concern and I think a lot of concern for
by Democrats and others about the future
of the VA that this is one of those
times when the appointment itself
becomes a kind of point of action of
rallying to have exactly that fight oh
absolutely it does and it's a very
important point because if you listen to
the veterans if they don't want to lose
the VA they really don't but again what
you see with Donald Trump is how much he
can really help his friends you know I
hate to bring up Russia again but you
talk about oligarchs you talk about
people who have basically taken big
companies that belong to the country and
they stole it you know that's a whole
other show you could do
there is a big there are many people out
there who were just chopping at the bit
to get that 200 a billion dollars and I
think that's what's important it's
what's important are the vets themselves
let's hear what they say and I don't
think you know the leadership is should
come from anyone but the vets and let's
hear what they say they've put their
lives on the line they're suffering from
PTSD
they need a VA that they can trust and
and that they can know is there for them
yeah it's the largest the the closest
thing we have to socialized medicine in
America and there's a lots of people who
had a target painted on it for a while a
Jennifer Rubin important for thank you
be sure to listen to senator boxers new
podcast fight back with Barbara Boxer
which launches tomorrow
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
