if Washington insiders didn't see the
rise of Trump here's one person who did
Roseanne the character and her Conner
family on TV have been channeling the
middle-class experience for decades they
set the standard for the modern
working-class sitcom our schools having
food drives with four people well tell
them to drive some of that food over
here it's getting rough out here Mike my
son is gonna have to wear my daughter's
hand-me-downs and for real this time not
just for fun once you send in the farm
bill and we forget to sign the check the
show is back in people are into it 18
million tuning in last night you can see
the same classic cast with one new
character Trump is president in this
fictional universe Roseanne and her
husband are Trump supporters who fight
with their family about politics lord
thank you for making America great again
how could you have voted through your
Roseanne he talked about jobs Jackie
he said his shake things up we almost
lost our house the way things are gone
have you looked at the news cuz now
things are worse not on the real news
gotta love the real news the relaunched
show takes on the culture wars just like
it did 20 years ago when Roseanne's
friend played memorably by Sandra
Bernhardt came out we're just gonna but
you tell you now all right her name is
Marla I'm single
joining me now is Sandra Bernhard are
dropping Wow
what's a literally turn the world on its
ear well it was a big deal then what's
it like seeing thinking about that now
you know it was funny because originally
I was married to Tom Arnold's character
Arnie so I ran from you know this sort
of like sexist pig into the arms of this
woman and so it was it was just really
sort of a funny like evolution for the
character when Roseanne and I talked
about keeping my character on Nancy
Bartlett who said well what are we gonna
do how can we keep her fun and relevant
with that oh let's make her gay but
nobody was thinking like we're really
gonna shake things up and you know break
all the stereotypes but because of that
it became something that was very
powerful because we didn't go at it with
a sledgehammer
so what window did that give you into
this family which we're seeing in the
new in the new relaunch here is is still
going to be conservative or Trump
supporters or whatever word you want to
use right well I think the great thing
about Roseanne and the writers and the
way they create the stories it's really
it's about the family it's about the
crises and the little moments that
everybody goes through day to day it's
not it's not you know beating people
over the head of the obvious about
what's going on politically and like all
working-class people right now
everybody's trying to survive struggle
and make ends meet so I think that's
that's where the stories come from white
women for Trump can't understand it
don't know where it comes from other
than you know being I think it's a it's
a couple of issues it's being either
under the thumb of your husband or it's
in it for the election that was being so
offended by Hillary Clinton and and Bill
Clinton's legacy that you turned on her
or feeling inadequate feeling like how
can somebody be so educated how could
somebody have brought themselves up from
their own experience and and and you
know gone to the top educated herself
fought for you know for rights civil
rights inequality
and I think that's threatening to a lot
of women how do you mean threatening to
yeah a lot of women have compromised
given in you know gotten married raised
their kids and not had the luxury of
being able to think for themselves and
when you sacrifice that in your life
when you say well I don't think I'm just
gonna lean on somebody else financially
that means you got to get up every day
and go work I'm not saying that none of
these women work of course they do
but you also there's there's just that
those those little gradiation Zand to
how you look at other women and the sort
of feeling of inadequacy final question
what do you think people will be most
surprised about or excited about in in
this new version of Rosana I think the
energy level I think the freshness I
think the comedy the fact that you can
come back 20 21 years later and still be
relevant and and come up to speed with
you know the the bon mots and the and
the sort of fencing that goes on between
her and John Goodman and Laurie Metcalf
and the kids Sandra Bernhard thanks for
being here thank you
also I'd like to say that I'll be on out
on the road performing doing my own show
I think I have I know you have some
dates there I think it's 20 I believe
it's called Santa Mon Santa Maria when
you're tired of pandamonium stands
ammonium and American Theatre in Hampton
Virginia April 28th City Winery in
Washington DC May 12th yep and Guildhall
in and that's on June 30th come on out
bring the sofas thank you for being here
my pleasure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
