in Pennsylvania in a move that could
help Democrats gain a seat Republican
Ryan Costello announced over the weekend
that he will not be seeking re-election
his decision according to the
Philadelphia Inquirer leaves attorney
Greg McCauley a new face to party
insiders as the only Republican on the
ballot in the Chester County based sixth
congressional district one that
political analysts now see as among the
most likely to flip from the GOP to
Democrats Pennsylvania Republican
congressman Ryan Costello joins me now
again for now he represents the state's
sixth congressional district we've
highlighted it on the screen for you
there congressman you may not recall
this but I do I asked you about this
earlier this month I asked about your
plans this is what you said the hill
quoting a GOP source is saying quote
Costello is a goner unless the map
changes congressmen are you a goner no
I'm a candidate for re-election what
happened I decided not to run for
reelection I had alerted party leaders a
little while ago that if the map held up
the new map which I take strong issue
with you had Governor O'Malley on and
we're speaking about redistricting and
gerrymandering which I think we'll get
into in a couple minutes here but the
point is until you make that decision
you're you are a candidate and so I made
the determination not to run for
re-election once we determined that mr.
McCawley had obtained the sufficient
number of signatures to remain on the
ballot mr. McCawley obviously would not
be running would not have run against me
unless he thought he could have won it
would not be running for Congress unless
he feels that he could win so he will be
the Republican candidate in a district
which the state Supreme Court changed a
month ago that had been in existence for
six years now and is now nine points
more democratic and the district now is
50% of the existing congressional
district which I now represent so when
you had said who's a goner the reality
is they obliterated the district and the
other thing that they did is the Voting
Rights Act which is the first thing that
you have to
when you do redistricting which is a
civil rights era law which protects
majority minority representation the
state Supreme Court eliminated one of
those districts without any expert
testimony without any analysis so racial
gerrymandering for partisan political
purposes which is exactly what the state
Supreme Court did is a very serious
charge and they've yet to answer for it
again we should note as Governor
O'Malley noted here just a few moments
ago that this is gerrymandering that you
speak of is something that that both
parties have engaged in and it sounds as
if you're blaming your decisions solely
on on gerrymandering but it would also
seem over the weekend that you blamed
your decision in part on the President
of the United States no oh I just to be
clear Craig and I've been very
forthright about this there are four or
five factors cumulatively that had me
arrive at this decision that I did one
was the court decision another was just
how difficult it is to run in this
political environment and a piece of
that is what President Trump says and
does but also the difficulty that it is
particularly in suburban districts to
get your message out when a lot of your
voters really are just interested in
what your opinion is on relative to the
tweets and stormy Daniels and issues
that I don't know is not related to the
substantive policy the president is that
a fair assessment I think that there's a
piece of it again I'm trying to be I'm
trying to lay it all out there it gets
tiring it gets tiring and some things I
don't defend but the moment that you
speak at the moment that you speak out
against something that you may disagree
with whether it be policy or not
obviously you get the wrath of another
set of voters that's Congress I accept
that
I'm serving in my term but you have to
realize that when you run for reelection
in a district like this a big piece of
it may not be your record it may not be
what you want to do it may be your
opinion on what stormy Daniels interview
on 60 minutes was Larry because that's
not why I decided to run for Congress
tell that we will we will leave it leave
it there sir thank you for your time
hope you'll come back thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
