decision here
a lot of critics have concerns that
including the citizenship question will
discourage immigrants participating you
talk us through how it's going to
address those concerns look this is a
question that's been included in every
census since 1965 with the exception of
2010 when it was removed this is we've
contained this question that's provided
data that's necessary for the Department
of Justice to protect voters and
specifically to help us better comply
with the Voting Rights Act which is
something that is important that a part
of this process and again this is
something that has been part of the
census for decades and something that
the Department of Commerce felt strongly
needed to be included again okay that
was White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders at yesterday's briefing
defendi a defending Monday's decision by
the Commerce Department to include a
question about citizenship status in the
2020 u.s. census joining us now
professor at the London be Johnson
School of Public Affairs at the
University of Texas MSNBC contributor
Victoria DeFrancesco sodam so Victoria
we'll just start with the most basic
question here with Sarah Sanders
accurate right there we go I'm gonna
give Sanders a three on the truth o
meter so what happened was we had the
citizenship question on the census up
until 1950 it was dropped it didn't
appear in the 1960 census because we had
such low levels of immigration and then
it was put back on in 1970 in the long
form and this is the key detail mica
because the long-form census is a deep
dive into the statistical details of
various socio-economic status indicators
but only about 16% of the population
gets the long form so the vast majority
of Americans get the census short form
which is what we know of as the census
of 1970 80 90 mm had the short form with
the majority of the population that was
dropped in 2010 because we moved to a
new statistical tool called the American
Community Survey all of this to say that
it is a
vast overstatement to say the
citizenship was on the census it was
just a small piece of a statistical tool
called the long-form alright so then why
is it a problem to explain your concerns
if any about this change at this point
well at the end of the day with the
Census you want as many people to answer
as possible and the more burdensome you
make a survey whether it be longer or
whether it asks sensitive questions that
makes people less likely to answer and
given this climate right now how we see
immigration politicized immigrant folks
are weary of answering especially
undocumented persons but also normal
immigrants and persons of color so
you're going to have undercounts that's
going to affect one of the main purposes
of the census which is redistricting
federal funding and and as a scientist
as a social scientist a total headache
in terms of statistical modeling because
a lot of survey work weights data based
off of the census which is supposed to
be the most complete count of any
statistical tool out there so just so
many problems here political and
methodological with including the
citizenship question Victoria how do you
think this just out so given that given
that we have now this controversy given
that we have all the potential problems
as this raises how do you see the
politics of this now playing out as we
go forward is this there a chance that
that this that this can be headed off at
the pass or are we gonna get stuck with
it and all the problems you just
described right well I'm gonna defer to
my to my legal scholar colleagues on
this but I do think we're gonna see a
very hard fight in the courts with this
we saw yesterday with Attorney General
have you ever said about trying to block
it off leading up the California effort
but the irony here is that red states
would also be hurt so here in Texas we
have the second largest undocumented
population so we would probably lose
congressional seats because of the sad
and we also know that the highest rates
of Latino population growth are in the
new south so you're Arkansas or North
Carolina so they would also be affected
so in terms of this only hurting
California and some other blue states
that is completely incorrect
all right Victoria thank you very much
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
