tonight Republican Senator Tom Tillis
and Democratic Senator Chris Coons the
two senators who last year
introduced actual legislation to protect
special prosecutor Robert Mulder's job
released a statement calling on
President Trump to let Robert Mahler's
investigation proceed quote without
impediment the senators said quote the
American people should have confidence
in the Department of Justice ability to
conduct independent investigations and
its commitment to the rule of law we
urged President Trump to allow the
special counsel to complete his work
without impediment which is in the best
interest of the American people the
president and our nation and now nine
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary
Committee have sent letters to
high-ranking Justice Department
officials saying we ask that you
publicly commit to refuse any order or
request whether express or implied to
interfere in the special counsels
investigation including but not limited
to firing mr. Muller cutting off funding
or resources limiting staffing or
inhibiting his ability to follow the
facts wherever they may lead and hold
those accountable who may have broken
the law joining us now
Democratic congressman Eric swell from
California and Democratic congressman
Mike Quigley from Illinois they're both
members of the House Intelligence
Committee Christmas wawel you've been a
federal prosecutor what do you make of
this attempt in the direct communication
with high-level Justice Department
officials to preserve Robert Mahler's
job it's critical right now Lawrence
were at a purity of investigation where
it looks like by the witnesses that Bob
Moeller and his team continue to
interview that they are getting closer
and closer to the president and this is
a very fragile time for the
investigation in that the president has
told the the world has telegraphed that
he wants Bob Miller gone and he has
allies in Congress who seem to be okay
with it and so the best thing that we
can do right now is to cement Bob
Miller's role legislatively there's
legislation to do that on the Senate and
on the house side we should all come
together and say that this investigation
is important not only to hold anyone
criminally accountable for what happened
in Russian interference but to show the
Russians
we are united and that we will make sure
that whether it's a Russian or an
American if you were to interfere in our
election you will be held accountable
and you're not going to allow further
chaos to occur in our democracy
Carlton Quigley the Republicans on your
committee basically have shut down your
committee's investigation the Muller
investigation is always running in the
background with more powers than any of
the congressional committees have had
their subpoena powers their ability to
compel testimony now with with your
committee shut down it seems to
emphasize a much more even clearly than
ever before the importance of the Muller
investigation you know absolutely I
think Eric and I both signed discharge
petitions in the last week asking that
this legislation hit the floor to
protect the Moller investigation you
know where is leadership it's clearly
not going to come from Chairman Nunez or
the Republicans on the Intel committee
it has to come from mr. McCarthy it's
going to have to come from the Speaker
of the House they're gonna have to step
up and put legislation on the floor and
not just issue a few stray statements
that they're concerned about this or the
investigation has to go on
clearly this administration did
everything it could to obtain power and
clearly right now they're going to do
anything they can to maintain that power
Kerstin swallow uh the the the the
Judiciary Committee we got nine
Democrats writing those letters it's not
that long ago that I can imagine in the
Senate if something like this happened
it would have been a bipartisan letter
from the the chairman and the ranking
member or would have been all signed by
all the members of the committee but
they do have Thom Tillis at least they
do have one Republican senator and that
seems to be a different a slightly
different dynamic from what you've
encountered in the house which seems
purely partisan in the house that's
right Lawrence if if right now what
you're seeing in the house it was a road
it would be the president speeding
recklessly down it without a stoplight a
stop sign or a cop on the beat that's
the environment that we are in and
you know I don't think the Russians ever
would have imagined in their wildest
dreams that in addition to getting the
preferred candidate they wanted elected
by helping Donald Trump that they would
also see in our Congress at complete
inability to tell the American people
how we were so vulnerable who was
responsible whether the government
response was adequate and to see any
reforms be made to prevent it from
happening again and they have somehow
achieved that and so that that's why we
have to unify is not to only hold Donald
Trump and his team accountable if there
were criminal violations but also to
show the Russians that were unified and
that we're gonna put up a shield against
any future efforts Carson Quigley what
do you hear from your Republican
counterparts in the cloakroom and when
the microphones are not on about the
possibility of the president of firing
the special prosecutor especially with
polls out now recent polls showing
country overwhelmingly supports the
special prosecutor finishing his job I
think my Republican colleagues agree
with the majority of American people
they want to protect the Moller
investigation they understand what it
means to the rule of law and again
you're seeing a few stray statements
some of them very strong unfortunately
some of those very strong statements
come from the Republicans or who are
leaving the house so you know where is
the profiles encouraged at a time when
this country needs it most they can get
out of this without a you know totally
offending their base by saying let the
Justice Department do its work but right
now where's the house they've shut down
the investigation of what Russia did yet
they continue to investigate their own
government it tells you where they're at
Carson Mike Quigley and Carmen Eric's
well well thank you both for joining us
really Richard thanks for us thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
