joined now by shaquita thompson in the
family's attorney Benjamin Crump miss
Thompson
we are so grateful for you being with us
right now we're so sorry for your loss
would you please tell us about your
grandson if you can about Stephane he
was the father to two young children
just tell us about your fondest memories
about him as a young man well last day I
got seen was really beautiful because
his sister was two enough we had came up
from church
Stefan was home with his uncle and we I
came up with Church and I started dinner
but his sister did something really
special she made up uh
praise dance cuz she does praise dance
in that church and she made one on take
me to the king and that was all over
YouTube so she showed me the dance first
so I watched her while she did the dance
I started crying it was so beautiful so
I said go get your brother and your
uncle but her brother came down and I
said we call him little Papa because my
husband we call him Papa so we called
him little Papa so I was a little Papa
look at that I said look at your sister
so she started dancing and doing it and
he started crying and I said Oh Papa and
then after that he just hugged him real
real tight wait
I mean tell me little father was like a
little joker
you always joke a lot make you laugh and
he always said grandma I love you and I
said boy get away from me says I love
you so it was in with his boys oh he was
really good with his boys little
smelling ate it Tuggle he was a little
but now I didn't grow it up so he was
really good with his kids he's really
good with his kids she was into sports
so it was good it was good it's the
Queen of lemon let me ask you if I can I
know that we've heard from you and from
your family attorney Benjamin Crump mr.
crumpled speech in a second you've
talked about your desire for justice
what would justic justice look like for
you and for your family
that they the justice would be for us
and our family is that that these men
that shot him 20 times it's like
execution what did I mean no one do that
much wrong he didn't dude I mean
breaking in windows or whatever you know
but I mean even deserve to die like that
it's present in our backyard in his own
backyard I mean use the guns would just
I mean it was terrible
because my husband even heard the shots
and matter fact a little popular he
called what Stefan Clark he called out
and my husband heard him and then all
the here it was done shots and I was
crawling on the floor it wasn't so many
gunshots me right his sister and I was
she was seven years old and I had a wake
up and told him get on the floor don't
get shot
mr. Crump I want to ask you we know the
news today within the last hour or last
couple of hours the announcement of an
independent investigation by the state's
attorney general you satisfy that do you
have by data you have confidence that
this can be an independent investigation
it remains to be seen if it's going to
be an independent investigation lessons
from Ferguson with Michael Brown and
Staten Island with grand jury with Eric
Gardner and all across America we know
that due process for many of these young
unarmed black men who were killed by
police officers don't go to way many
people believe it should go right so we
are demanding they conduct a fair and
impartial investigation you would
discuss this before but I want to follow
up on it do you plan to reach out or
have you to the Department of Justice
and the Attorney General Jeff Sessions
to pursue its own investigation here we
certainly plan to correspond with the
Department of Justice and the Attorney
General to open a federal investigation
into this matter
however we continue to be dogmatic and
insisting that the California Attorney
General
and the local DEA do their jobs and
treat Stefan Clark like a citizen just
like any other citizen in Sacramento the
officers involved in this shooting at
one point mute their body cameras even
the police chief in Sacramento said that
builds suspicion what's your reaction to
learning that they muted their body
cameras in the middle of that moment
well one of the things as I've discussed
with Stefan's grandmother she said that
means they were up to no good they were
trying to cover something up when they
muted the body cameras and in fact when
the shooting occurred they called 9-1-1
when they went to go look out the wind
in the backyard the police told him not
to look out the window and you know miss
Thompson saw the body on the ground she
had no idea that it was her grandson I
want to ask you if I can Miz Thompson
just broadly here what do you say to
those protestors the young men and women
in the streets of Sacramento and frankly
in other parts of this country right now
protesting after the loss of your
grandson what do you say to those young
people out there I want to thank you
cook we're gonna get justice I want you
and everyone every mother that's going
through what we're going through I'm a
grandmother every grandmother that's
going through this and my daughter she
is so is this is this is unreal it's
just unbelievable I mean he was shot
down like a dog I mean they didn't even
have no they didn't have no what
messages yeah let me just stop I mean
one time or two times but 20 times I
mean but I mean it was terrible it was
turbulent right now I'm having dreams
about my grandson it's all kind of
things and my granddaughter she's scared
she's shaken his sister it's only 7
years old but that baby is we got to go
get help after all of this we got to get
some kind of counseling especially my
grandbaby
yeah that's true please know that so
many people are embracing you right now
and thinking about you we're deeply
sorry for your loss shaquita Thompson
and Benjamin Crump thank you both for
your time today
thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
