I know that Chuck Rosenberg wants to
jump in on that but that news it of
North Dakota that I alluded to a moment
ago we can report this is from WDAY a
local affiliate in North Dakota who sat
down and did a one-on-one with senator
Heidi Heitkamp we don't have this video
up yet but they are reporting and she
does say that she will vote no on the
Supreme Court nominee judge Brett
Kavanaugh that means that that's one of
those five taken out of the unknown box
and put into the no box puts a lot more
pressure on Collins and Murkowski but
still again we don't know where senator
Manchin is gonna go whether he will vote
yes or no on this nomination we also
don't know the motivation for Heitkamp
if this is if this is something where
she says I'm down in the polls and I'm
gonna vote my conscience or is she
trying to drum up the Democratic base or
voters that might not like this in North
Dakota who knows Chuck respond to Peter
in terms of what he was talking about
with the FBI investigation sure it's the
difference between capability and
Authority Katie the FBI certainly has
the capability of interviewing however
many witnesses they need to interview
and they can do it quickly so I'm not
overly concerned about the time
constraints the authority is the
question this is not a criminal
investigation that's a background
investigation the terms of which are set
by the client
the White House in this case and so
while they could have talked to a lot
more people and probably would have
talked to a lot more people the client
said talk to this this group of people
and report back that is the entire
extent of the FBI's authority to
investigate in this matter
Ashley Parker Heidi Heitkamp is an
interesting figure because at one point
and you told me if I'm wrong in this but
at one point she did travel on Air Force
One with the president when they were
talking but a certain policy issue I
believe it was either earlier this year
or late last year but since then the
president has campaigned for her for her
competitor in North Dakota and a latest
Fox News poll has her down double digits
this news that she's going to vote no it
is a red state Democrat what do you make
of it I would
add that she was also I believe one of
these red state Democrats included
senator Manchin who was brought in
privately to meet one-on-one with the
White House in advance of choosing Judge
Cavanaugh to sort of see what their
concerns were so there was a sense that
they were potentially gettable what I
make of her no and again we we don't
know her reasons but that talking to
people inside the White House and in the
Republican White House orbit in recent
days is there sort of ecstatic about
some of the tertiary benefits of how
this is playing namely that they think
it could really damage red state
Democrats and they named her
specifically they sort of said she's in
this no-win situation and they believe
that a no vote from her would be
devastating so again we'll have to see
why she did it we'll have to see how
that actually plays but I think from
trumps world they think this is nothing
but pure upside from them from a
political point of view assuming of
course he has the requisite votes to get
over the finish line and here's more
from that Fox News poll the poll found
that if she voted against Cavanaugh's
confirmation twice as many voters say
there would be less likely to vote for
her that's 34 percent rather than more
likely that 17% as of this moment before
this announcement Kevin Cramer leads her
by 12 points that's 53 to 41 last month
he was only up by four points so I don't
know if it's the Kavanagh nomination and
all of the news coming out of Congress
that has helped boost Kevin Cramer in
the polls but that's certainly been the
dominant story in the past month in
looking Peter at at the the politics of
this not the morality of it not do you
believe the accusers the politics of it
the Democrats I would imagine are making
a hard choice behind the scenes what's
more important trying to stop this
nomination or maintaining the seats we
have in the Senate and potentially
potentially if all faux goes their way
retaking control of the Senate so that
they're in a better position should
another Supreme Court nomination come
come up in the next two years right no
that's a very
important point and I think that it is a
conundrum or a struggle for the
Democrats as they think about it
politically as you say not on the issues
of morality ethics or what have you and
it's a great question you lose this seat
you lose a majority on the Supreme
Court's a big big seat because justice
Justice Kennedy who vacated it over the
summer was the swing vote if you put in
a solid strong conservative like Brett
Kavanaugh that swings the majority
definitely to the right if the Democrats
are able to win the Senate and are able
to influence the choice because Brett
Kavanaugh isn't approved
they might get a more moderate figure
who might be more more of a swing vote
we've seen that happen before when Nixon
and Reagan lost their first choices for
the Supreme Court the people who ended
up in those seats were more moderate
than the original choices so a lot is at
stake here certainly and the question
going forward if Brett Kavanaugh is
confirmed is that a good thing for the
Republicans or a better thing for the
Democrats to Republicans maintain that
excitement that enthusiasm that anger
around the Supreme Court nominee for the
month until the election or does that
enthusiasm does that momentum then shift
the Democrats take a look at what we're
seeing in in Washington DC right now
there are protests they had been walking
and making their way up Constitution
Avenue to Barrett petty men federal
courthouse right now it seems like they
are they've made it or maybe they made
it to see I guess that's the the steps
of the Capitol right there and they are
trying to convince lawmakers to say no
to Kavanagh again the question will
momentum be on the Democrat side or will
it be on the Republican side Casey on
had to lean to go do some reporting
Peter Baker Ashleigh Parkers Chuck
Rosenberg thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
