the woman who inspired her actually at
the time the young girl who inspired
action which actually led eventually to
the end of segregation in the United
States passed away yesterday talked
about the young girl who who looked up
at those steps in Little Rock Arkansas
seventy years ago and said they were big
steps and my feet were so small my legs
were so small but she walked up those
stairs anyway and changed history yeah
Linda Brown is one of those ordinary
heroes that fundamentally transformed
the country here we have a family in
Topeka who just simply did not want
their child to walk so far away in order
to go to school at the the white school
right down the street she really
desperately wanted to attend and they
would not admit her because she was an
african-american and they joined the
case with the n-double-a-cp and the
leadership of Thurgood Marshall and they
fundamentally transformed the country
and we need to talk about these young
children these young people Little Rock
Nine you think about the student sit-ins
these are young folks who fundamentally
put their lives on the line and
challenged hatred faced fake front
challenged hate fritzsche front on and
as a result the nation is different but
we have to bend as we celebrate our life
acknowledge the fact that the country's
schools remain as segregated today as
they were in the 1960s we still have a
lot of fight to do you know Joanna fight
it gets to you know one small step
climbing the schoolroom steps a young
girl exhibits courage and we are now
part of an age where United States
senators don't have the courage to stand
up to the President of the United States
well and that's one of the reasons why I
talked about that quote think about the
courage in Kansas think about the
courage in Little Rock the courage at
Ole Miss in Oxford Mississippi in
Tuscaloosa Alabama so many students
being courageous so long ago and
actually changing the world that we
lived in now it's hard to even find a
couple of senators who will stand up to
the constitutional right
that is that is occurring in Washington
DC we just we just need some profiles
and courage like that still Adam thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
