the Trump administration this is
interesting taking its toughest stance
against Russia yet with this expulsion
of 60 Russian diplomats from the US the
White House identified the diplomats as
intelligence officers as often happens
they also shut down the Russian
consulate in Seattle over concerns that
the Russians were spying on a nearby US
submarine base and a Boeing facility the
moves are in response to this nerve
agent attack the poisoning of a former
Russian spy and his daughter in the UK
was a coordinated attack with 14
European allies who blamed the Kremlin
for the attack so that's what this US
action was a part of the White House
today commented on the relationship
right now between Washington and Moscow
this is not the type of conduct that the
United States our allies can accept but
the president still remains open to
working with the Russians on areas of
mutual concern counterterrorism for
example and others but you know that's
that's really up to the Russians to
decide resident has not addressed the
latest developments personally on
television or on Twitter Politico is
categorizing the reaction this way quote
the dramatic move continues a two-faced
US policy toward Russia further
escalating official diplomatic tensions
even as President Donald Trump continues
a friendly approach toward Russian
President Vladimir Putin here to talk
about all of it Frankfurt loozy former
FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence and Clint Watts
former FBI special agent and member of
the Joint Terrorism Task Force both
gentlemen MSNBC national security
analyst Frank when I heard about this
today I thought it was maybe the most
normal thing the administration has done
in 14 months this is the kind of thing
you used to do it's an expected response
to a horrific act in London by Vladimir
Putin but I can tell you Brian today a
lot of counterintelligence professionals
including myself really we're asking the
question what just happened
as the president actually changed his
mind about Putin are we
looking at a brand new approach to
Russia a much tougher approach perhaps
driven by John Bolton and/or Mike Pompeo
who really know the risk and the threat
or is something else more complicated
going on here and I believe it's more
complicated I think what's happened is
the Allies have kind of shamed the
president into this action today we
would be standing alone very obviously
if we didn't do something it allows the
president cover he can say look I'm
tough on Russia see what I just did
while keeping his arm's length from any
bad decision involving Putin which
remains a mystery to us as to why he
seems allied with Putin yeah I heard
general Hayden tonight say on television
just based on his hunch he thinks Trump
didn't demand this and Trump didn't
choose to block this from happening
either so Clint often in these Russia
then responds they counter our our
action which led someone in our
afternoon meeting to say what are they
gonna do rifle through our election
haven't they done enough already do we
really expect a Russia counter response
to our move right we should expect them
to you know doing expulsion themselves
and they were literally taunting the
West today on Twitter saying oh who
should we you know throw out of the
country and return and what ends up
happening is we ultimately lose in this
because Russia stacks the deck against
us they put far more spies into foreign
countries that under the cover of
diplomats in the US or even the West
would do to Russia at the same point it
can actually help Putin in a way because
it looks like he's besieged by the world
he's taking on the world and now he is
being besieged and being punished for it
and then the Russian people are in many
ways and they're immigrants around the
world are punished as well because they
don't have access to their embassies if
we really wanted to go at Putin we go at
oligarchs financially by putting
pressure on them they will put pressure
back onto Putin in the in the financial
system and john mccain sort of brought
that up today by the way we knew
russians were using office space in
seattle did we just figure out that
boeing is in Everett Washington and and
oh there's a submarine base out there
what is what's the cover for that
Seattle story
I think it was just a way to provide
some sort of context to the American
people about why they picked Seattle
we've already squeezed them in other
places by closing off console in San
Francisco Washington DC New York we've
taken these measures and in terms of
putting pressure so if you squeeze them
in all these places that ultimately
there's only a few places left in
Seattle was a natural place and Frank to
your initial point you've got this
action today which looks old-school like
we used to do to the Russians but then
it's complicated because Donald Trump
doesn't match it with any kind of a
statement Donald Trump when he last
spoke Stupin congratulating them on a
victory in a rigged election and never
mentioned by the way you guys can't use
that nerve agent in in in public you
can't use it to try to assassinate
individuals in other countries there's
an interesting dynamic going on here
which is ironically that we have a
president who really wanted to cozy up
to Russia proclaimed publicly that
wouldn't it be great if we just got
along thinking wrongly that somehow
Putin would reciprocate with friendship
all that's done for somebody like Putin
is give him license to do whatever he
wants around the world including now it
appears the poisoning or attempted
poisoning of a man and his daughter an
important individual that you know we
swapped in a prisoner exchange at a spy
exchange right out of a John Locke or a
novel so this is this is an equal and
opposite reaction going on here but
Putin is Putin is laughing at Trump
tonight because he knows he has license
to do whatever he wants this is largely
a symbolic gesture closing a very small
consulate in Seattle and and expelling
about maybe roughly half the known or
suspected Russian intelligence officers
in the United States last word Clint do
you think this is maybe a function of
Pompeo s new job or Bolton's new do you
think this is new blood already making
itself known no I think this is the
long-held National Security leaders in
our government that those that have been
there for a long time standing by our
allies and working with them those few
remaining people in the system
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
