all of us who stood there in
Pennsylvania Avenue on Saturday and
everyone watching on television were in
the grip of the speakers and performers
who took the stage at the March for our
lives in Washington DC one of the most
extraordinary features of the March in
Washington was that no adults were
allowed to speak on that stage just
students high school students and
elementary school students and we all at
some point wondered could we do that
could we step up to that microphone and
look out at 800,000 people and a huge
Bank of television cameras and say
something important when we were in the
eleventh grade or when we were 11 years
old for most of us the answer was no and
so we watched those young speakers in
awe and at some point most of us no
doubt wondered were they going where are
they going to be in their lives 20 years
from now 30 years from now 40 years from
now if they have taken these tragedies
that have been cruelly visited upon them
and turned them into such eloquence and
leadership while they're still in high
school in elementary school where will
that strength take them in adulthood on
Saturday I had the same feeling that I
had when I was in college and I saw a
young Navy veteran dressed in his
fatigues speak in Washington about his
experience in combat in Vietnam he was a
leader of Vietnam Veterans Against the
War he testified to the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee he was 27 years old
and unemployed Vietnam veteran who
instantly became the most eloquent
speaker the United States Senate ever
heard on Vietnam 38 years later he
became the chairman of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee the name of
that young Vietnam veteran was John
Kerry as those senators watched him
testify that day and America watched him
testify on television many of us saw
what we thought then was a future United
States Senator possibly a future
president I'm sure I wasn't the only one
who had that same feeling about
the speakers I listened to on Saturday
in Washington we could come back to this
country and we could be quiet we could
hold our silence we could not tell what
went on in Vietnam but we feel because
of what threatens this country the fact
that the crimes threatening not Reds and
not redcoats but the crimes which were
committing or what threaten it and we
have to speak out when politicians send
their thoughts and prayers with no
action we say and we might still be in
elementary school but we know we know
life isn't equal for everyone and we
know what is right and wrong
we watched the United States
falsification of body counts in fact the
glorification of body counts the people
of this country now see past the lies 6
minutes and 20 seconds with an ar-15 and
my friend Carmen would never complain to
me about piano practice Aaron fights
would never call Kyra miss sunshine
Alex chapter would never walk into
school with his brother Ryan Scott
beagle would never joke around with
Cameron at Camp
Helena Ramsay would never hang out after
school with Max Gino montalto would
never wave to her friend Liam at lunch
Joaquin Oliver would never play
basketball with Sam or Dylan
Elena paddy would never Carol Agron
would never Chris Hickson would never
luke Hoyer would never Martine Duque
Ariana would never
Hwang would never Alisa al hada would
never Jamie Guttenberg would never
meadow Pollack would never never did I
think I would be herded like cattle by a
shower of blitz that let me scarred and
rattled forced the huddle among those
who lost their last living breaths on a
day that was designated for loves and
laugh I never got to say goodbye I could
barely see out my eyes because I was
crying tears I blood at the same time
barricaded behind those filing cabinets
and bookcases that they taught me one
thing and one thing only regardless of
how much money you pay or how much you
pray if you don't change anything today
your children will no longer stay here
is one member of a group of 1,000 which
is a small representation of a very much
larger group of veterans in this country
I'm here today to acknowledge and
represent the african-american girls
whose stories don't make the front page
of every national news
these stories don't lead on the evening
news I'm here for every person that has
died at the hands of gun violence and
for the many more whose lives were
irreverently changed because of it I'm
here to represent the hundreds and
hundreds of thousands of students who
live in everyday to live every day and
cause their paranoia and farewell their
way to and from school ninety-six people
die every day
from guns in our country how do you ask
a man to be the last man to die in
Vietnam how do you ask a man to be the
last man to die for a mistake since the
time that I came out here it has been
six minutes and 20 seconds
the shooter has ceased shooting and will
soon abandon his rifle blend in with the
students as they escape and walk free
for an hour before arrest fight for your
lives before it's someone else's job
hey there are misses from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
