during us now Michael avenatti he's the
attorney for stormy Daniels also joining
us Tim O'Brien the executive editor of
Bloomberg View and the author of Trump
nation the art of being the Donald and
Jennifer Rubin a conservative opinion
writer at the Washington Post and
Michael I just want to go to this point
about denial from Donald Trump correct
me if I'm wrong I've been looking at all
this I've never heard him ever say a
word about storming Daniels from 2011
forward for wuntch that that was first
she first did that interview and In
Touch magazine am I missing something
has the President of the United States
ever denied anything about what's
farming jangler's has said no he hasn't
and the reason is pretty simple and that
is because she's telling the truth
I mean you know it's three to one for
every American that doesn't believe her
there's three that believer I mean you
just you just saw the stat I mean this
is a woman what you see is what you get
okay the American people saw that last
night all right this is someone that's
very comfortable in her skin she doesn't
pretend to be something she's not
she speaks openly and honestly she spoke
openly and honestly to Anderson Cooper
she faced a lot of tough questions and I
am highly confident that the poll
numbers are even understated I mean this
is people believe she tells a credible
story now where is the president where
is Michael Cohen I don't understand it
we've had politicians over the course of
our history consistently deny
allegations that are untrue they step up
to the podium
they speak into the microphone and they
are counted mr. Trump nowhere to be
found this is a guy that will tweet on
the most mundane topic known to mankind
but for some reason he's not willing to
step up to the podium and deny these
allegations I think it's pretty clear as
to who's telling the truth and he
directly attacked every woman who came
out publicly with an accusation about
him during the campaign
so his habit is to always attack in fact
anyone who says anything negative about
him and the fact that he has never gone
after stormy Daniels to me is very
telling
but Michael avenatti I saw you on
hardball on Friday night say that you
were firing a warning shot and you know
warning shots are supposed to miss the
person but you were firing his
any shot right at the president from the
United States by name and he does not
dare say a word about Michael avenatti
you know I can't explain it I mean
Lawrence I'm harmless you know I'm just
midwestern it seems like the president
of united states is very afraid of you
afraid to the point of silence you know
I grew up in the Midwest there's a lot
of lawyers out there the lot more
talented than I am you know we just want
people to tell the truth and step up and
we want the facts to be laid bare for
the American people and and I'm
astounded that I'm even still here
talking about this because we thought
this would be over weeks ago and yet
these guys are double and tripling down
there now threatening my client they're
gonna sue her for twenty million dollars
they're gonna continue to try to
intimidate her they don't get it I mean
that's not gonna work we're not going
away I'm a young man during that
interview you referenced I was asked how
long I was in for it I'm in for the long
haul I'm in until I take my last breath
if necessary we're gonna get to the
bottom of this it's really simple we
don't understand why the president and
mr. Cohen won't stand up and answer some
basic questions did he know about the
agreement did the affair take place
which quite honestly at this point is
it's kind of an afterthought the second
question did he facilitate the payment
and did he sign the agreement I mean
it's really Stratton me in 140
characters he could probably cover that
maybe maybe 280 characters really
straightforward now you said you're
surprised that this story is still alive
haven't you done everything you
personally possibly could to keep the
story alive including your tweets and
provocative tweets indicating as last
week's tweet seems indicate there could
be images that were that we might see on
60 minutes I don't think we've used
every tool in the toolbox by any stretch
of the imagination and the beauty of
this whole thing is we haven't had to
because of the response or lack thereof
by mr. Cohen and mr. Trump in the White
House I mean every trap we've said that
yeah you got you go ahead said every
trap what's amazing to me is this and I
want to know what the traps are but go
ahead well every look over the last 18
years of my practice I've had the good
fortune of litigating against some of
the top legal minds in the country we're
talking people that are really good
chess players really know their stuff
okay people that challenge you these
folks are playing tic-tac-toe
it's a Stan
to me every time we lay a trap they step
right in okay
trap one trap two chaps tree let's stick
it through some traps I'm not gonna lay
out every trap we've laid but for
instance the most recent removal to
federal court yes that was a everyone
says that's bad for you well no that was
a catastrophic mistake on their part and
the reason why it is is because and I
don't want to get too far down in the
weeds but under the Federal Arbitration
Act which is what the federal court is
going to apply when determining whether
to send the case to arbitration we get
expedited discovery relating to whether
there was an actual agreement and we're
entitled we are entitled to a trial on
that issue so you get discovery you get
Donald Trump under oath in a deposition
discovery just on the matter of was
there an agreement correct oh boy so now
they just say that's a trap okay so it
sounds like a trap lining so we laid
that trap and they they step right and I
mean there's been some other examples of
this but but again I don't understand
what's so complicated about this if they
claimed that this didn't happen I mean
you know it's isn't it interesting that
every time they want to actually
somewhat address this they always send
the deputy the only the deputy guy
always steps up to the podium yeah why
what's the president's actual lawyer on
this is mr. harder in California we have
not heard one public word from him have
we we just hear from these other people
who have the title lawyer because they
passed the bar but they are not actually
lawyers engaged in the case well and
absolutely you're absolutely correct
about that but look let us not go but I
mean you know we had Bill Clinton that
stepped up to the podium and it was
asked a question and he was unequivocal
that he did not have sexual relations
with that woman Monica when Lewinsky and
of course that turned out to be false we
have Gary Hart in a monkey business we
have John Edwards we have Anthony Weiner
I mean the list goes on and on I don't
understand this is the guy that makes
snap decisions snap comments at the drop
of a hat we've heard crickets for weeks
that tells you everything you need to
know about this it is true it is a
hundred percent true and the reason why
the president will not step up and deny
it because he knows what's going to
happen if he does and that is we're
going to file a lawsuit with defamation
against him and we're going to prove
that it actually happened uh you're
sitting beside as you know Tim O'Brien
who has experience with Donald Trump in
litigation he has been sued by Donald
Trump he only threatened to sue me I
didn't get as lucky as Tim and actually
get the lawsuit so Tim you've seen
Donald Trump in the in the world of
litigation and with you
those were the days when he stupidly
stumbled into unwinnable litigation
trying to sue you for libel which you
easily won but today is a whole
different story and he's got different
issues to protect it seems to me as I
watch this thing the way for Donald
Trump to make Michael avenatti in effect
disappear is to just say have Cohen say
there is no confidentiality agreement
and just completely cave on the suit
that Michaels brought trying to you know
void the confidentiality agreement it's
gone anyway she's on 60 minutes it's
gone the toothpaste out of the tube
dropped this confidentiality agreement
and the case is over yeah but they've
gone so far down the rabbit hole on this
you know Michael is exactly right
they've planted a number of legal traps
for him
and he can't just put it into reverse
now he's possible any time in the civil
lawsuit yeah but that's not Trump but
that's not even in his DNA you know
every he he has lawyers who aren't
really lawyers they're thugs and they
weaponized the legal system to go after
opponents and if opponents fight back as
stormy Daniels has as other people who
litigated with Trump as as I as I did in
my case he actually ends up folding
disastrously but it's too late at that
point and and the problem he has in
addition to all of that is that he's not
intellectually or emotionally
disciplined these aren't smart people
they're not tactical and they're not
well-versed in the realities of the
legal world and it's gonna haunt them
and what you're saying is Michael Cohen
is not smarter than Donald Trump and
that's a big problem for Donald Trump
exactly on the same level in terms of IQ
right let's get Jennifer in here for a
second Jennifer I want to get your
reaction to what you saw on 60 minutes
last night and are you in the sixty two
percent who believe stormy Daniels
perhaps
and where you think we are in this story
now yeah I'm definitely in the sixty-two
percent listen I admire her as a woman
who made her life in film but I don't
think she's that good an actress I think
it's very hard to come across as she did
with the inflection with a body language
you know when someone is telling you
something that's true and I think that
was evident most everyone who was
watching with the exception of the real
kool-aid drinkers of Donald Trump and I
think it does raise a couple issues one
is you know it's very interesting what
Tim just said Trump doesn't have real
lawyers he doesn't have real lawyers in
this case he doesn't have real lawyers
in the Russia investigation and so when
he is confronted with a real lawyer and
Michael avenatti is a real lawyer
he sort of flummoxed he just thinks he
could make people go away by bullying
them and frankly when you have the law
when you have the facts in your side
people just don't go away
and I think he's trapped he doesn't know
what Michael and stormy have they very
carefully dribbled the information out
and I think at this point he's afraid to
say something for fear of being directly
contradicted and I think he is just
stunned I do think that it's quite an
accomplishment however that even Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is too embarrassed to
come out to try to sit in this so the
poor deputy does have to go out you know
sarah has standards my goodness um and
she's not gonna stoop this low so it
just shows you how effective Michael and
stormy have been that you cannot get
someone who is such a practiced lawyer
who will lie and tell you the school
this guy is orange on any given day to
get out there in lie because even she I
think is afraid of looking ridiculous at
this point Michael let me game up one
thing for you before you go let let's
the thing that I just suggested so
Michael Cohen the other side attorney
harder tomorrow they just came they just
say we dropping the case we're out of
this the there is no confidentiality
agreement were gone and the and the
White House president makes it they make
a statement for him saying in or
to get rid of this nuisance he has
dropped all of the litigation and
dropped this any interest in this
so-called agreement which was Michael
Cohen's agreement had nothing to do with
the present so anyway just get out of it
by noon time tomorrow you just disappear
at that point don't you know it's too
late in light of the first amended
complaint that we filed earlier today we
have an affirmative claim now for death
for defamation because they changed the
case exactly to a new case right and and
you know it's not as if we woke up this
morning and just decided you know maybe
today will file a first I'm going to
complain I mean this is look we're chess
players all right so that doesn't solve
it but I want to go back to something
you said because I think it's important
okay I've had the good fortune of
representing some clients along the way
that that had considerable means okay
and and one thing you you notice about
people that have considerable means or
wealth or have had success two things
are true one of two things either a
they're really really smart okay or B
they're not that smart but along the way
they surround themselves with people
that are really really small okay it's
highly unusual to find somebody that's
50 60 70 years old that has money that
is not along the way acquired legal
advisors and attorneys at the top of
their game okay normally that's the
standard they they surround themselves
with these people so they don't find
themselves in these situations relating
to in DA's and things like that this
president didn't do that at any point in
time which is astounding they're all
c-minuses we're gonna we're gonna have
to take a break here Michael have an ID
thank you very much for day no you have
a very busy day again today Tim O'Brien
Jennifer Rubin thank you for joining
this discussion hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
