the other top story tonight as term
shakes up his legal team Muller is
gathering evidence from cooperating
witnesses from Flynn to Jorge nadir to
George papadopolis who reportedly got
the whole Russia probe started as one of
the first people to flip the Trump White
House of course pioneered their
distancing defense on him calling him
everything from a coffee boy to a
low-level staffer but could he have the
last laugh there's a new story here I
know if you've seen this yet in the
Washington Post making waves because
they have new emails revealed that
suggests Papadopoulos was up to some
pretty high-level contacts now what does
it mean well in a moment asked my
exclusive guest his wife Simona mangy
auntie who has an inside view of the
case from her time speaking directly to
mothers investigators but the Post
reports that Papadopoulos had contact to
the top of the campaign including Bannon
that he got foreign policy results he
pitched as a home run idea an Egyptian
diplomacy meeting Bannon liked it but
said he worried it would be hard to
quote sell Donald J Trump Papadopoulos
got the meeting done it even included
Jeff Sessions and Mike Flynn who was
also conferring over email with
Papadopoulos with those newly revealed
emails we turn to someone in the know
Simone Aman Gionta thanks for being here
hi good evenin Gauri good evening when
you look at this kind of report coming
out and you know that George of course
has been cooperating and you spoke with
Moses investigators as well does this
match your understanding how often was
George talking to the senior echelons of
the campaign while he was involved well
when I read his article it definitely
confirms what I mentioned first and my
first interview on TV and the
interviewer held also with you Georgia
had a significant role within the
campaign was constantly in touch with
the high-level officials it was never in
any extent can be considered a coffee
boy I understand this dismissal strategy
from the White House created the
contradiction of something that is to me
evident when we look at different
sources even from me when I first heard
that George papadopolis was a low-level
volunteer
insignificant in the context of the the
Trump campaign as foreign policy advisor
I knew of course immediately that is a
contribution was very different and as I
said the fact that it was based in
London is very important because all
this communication happen via email so
they can be documented and apparently
the Washington Post found the source to
corroborate this information you say
whether you or George were involved in
giving these emails to the post what to
do three knots none of us or not know
someone else it makes it makes him I
think it's fair to say it makes him look
better or it make it makes him at least
look more linked up than the Trump aids
have said and you're saying that - and I
understand of course you're loyal to him
but that's the implication in the
article and the other thing I want to
play for you is Attorney General Jeff
Sessions who had to do this dance others
have pointed this out where he basically
argued your husband George papadopolis
was was very unimportant as we've said
and yet he also seemed to know about him
which suggests some sort of first name
basis level of import take a look I
pushed back at his trip and was
concerned that he not go off somewhere
pretending to represent the Trump
campaign what do you think of that idea
that he was pretending to represent
Trump absolutely not it was a surrogate
of the campaign it's proved by those
emails it was constantly acting with the
approval of the campaign and it was
authorized by Bryan Lance that really is
the only interview to the Russian media
Interfax he organized the meeting with
the LCC Egyptian presidents it was the
only one to talk to the Israeli most
famous energy conference I'm not sure
this profile can be qualified as
somebody acting freelance simply on his
own in its initiative this is very not
coherent even with the fact that they
called him in the campaign until the
transition period if he was acting on
his own stay with me what I want to do
is add in a former federal prosecutor
Daniel Goldman as we think about these
issues Attorney General Jeff Sessions
who I just played of course we later
learn
was under a potential review for
criminal lying about Russia contacts
which is a related issue that I just
showed and then take a look at this a
source is contradicting the the line I
just played US Attorney General Jeff
Sessions testimony that he opposed this
proposed Trump campaign meeting with
Russians contradicted with by three
people talking to Reuters who spoken
about the matters with Muller
lined that up with what Simona just
shared with us in this in this
Washington Post article absolutely it's
it's interesting to the Washington Post
got these emails as you just pointed out
and it's not coming from George
papadopolis or Simona and certainly the
the Trump administration has been trying
to distance itself from George
papadopolis and anything that he knows
we know that George papadopolis was the
first person to learn about the emails
and so it makes sense that they're
trying to distance themselves but as we
see in that reporting by The Washington
Post there was some receptivity by the
administration to some of what George
telling absolutely there was also some
resistance and it's an even noted in his
statement of offense to which he pled
guilty that he that they there was at
least one administration official who
said stop tell him to stop Trump I'd
never do debate about that Simona before
I let you go anything you can tell us
about how George is doing what's on his
mind what's he thinking as he watches
this all unfold I was very surprised but
I must say in a positive light because
these corroborate words where the
message behind trying to deliver and to
give more realistic interpretation of
his contribution to the campaign every
presentation of what he did in the
campaign so I completely agree that this
strategy to distance from George makes
sense because it was the first one and
the only one I don't know to receive to
have offered these emails on Hillary
Clinton the dirty means Mary Clinton
birds on the other hand
this is miss so obvious contribution to
the campaign is not true is simply not
true right and you're raising something
that a lot of folks are buzzing about in
Washington which is you talk about
emails on Clinton whether those are the
next charges that Mulder may have
against Russians or whomever who
actually did the hacking hey there arm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
