if you look past the salacious nature of
these claims the tabloid part of it the
critical question is whether there are
any real legal implications for the
president if there are they may stem
from the alleged incident in which
Daniels details for the first time ever
how she was warned to keep her
allegations to herself I was in a
parking lot going to a fitness class
with my infant daughter I was taking you
know the seats facing backwards in the
backseat diaper bag you know getting all
the stuff out and a guy walked up on me
and said to me leave jump along forget
the story and then he leaned around and
looked at my daughter and said it's a
beautiful little girl would be a shame
if something happened to her mom and
then he was gone you took it as a direct
threat absolutely I was rattled I
remember going into the workout class
and my hands were shaking so much I was
afraid I was gonna drop her did you ever
see that person again no but I if I did
I would know it right away did you go to
the police no why because I was scared
well Daniels attorney Michael avenatti
said this morning that he's still not
sure who that person is but that they're
working on trying to identify him
he is pretty clear however he's
confident he knows who sent the thug to
threaten her we are in the process of
identifying who that was she remembers
it like it was yesterday because like
any mother in that situation it was
terrifying
it had to be someone that was related or
sent by Mr Trumper mr. Cohen there's no
other logical explanation now
Cohen's attorney is denying it was Cohen
saying quote mr. Cohen had absolutely
nothing whatsoever to do with any such
person or incident and does not even
believe that any such person exists or
that such an incident ever occurred and
as far as the alleged affair is
concerned mr. Trump's lawyer has denied
it his White House press secretary has
denied it repeatedly but Daniels
described the encounter in detail last
night you were 27 he was 60 were you
physically attracted to him no not at
all no did you want to have sex with him
no but I didn't I didn't say no I'm not
a victim I'm not
it was entirely consensual oh yes yes
now let's despite the fact that Daniels
herself denied the affair back in
January in a statement released by mr.
Trump's lawyer saying that it quote
never happened well last night she said
that was a decision she was forced to
make so you signed and released a
statement that said I'm not denying this
affair because I was paid in hush money
I'm denying it because it never happened
that's a lie yes if it was untruthful
why did you sign it because they made it
sound like I had no choice yeah no one
was putting a gun to your head not
physical violence now you thought that
there would be some sort of legal
repercussions if you didn't sign that as
a matter of fact the exact sentence used
was they can make your life hell in many
different ways they being I'm not
exactly sure who they were I believe it
to be Michael Cohen we've got a great
panel to break all this down between
Charles is an attorney for the law firm
mid winch arles and associates grace raw
is a political reporter for New York one
Christine Quinn vice chair of the New
York state Democratic Party Matt Welch
editor-at-large for Reason a libertarian
monthly magazine let's start with the
legal part of this mid wind I mean
because you have Michael avenatti saying
he is not going to introduce any new
evidence right now that's just right as
a lawyer but he's also been going out
and giving all these interviews he was
press pretty hard on you know sir
where's the me to use an old phrase is
this like any other case and he's
entitled to his own legal strategy or
given that this is taking up an enormous
time and attention at the White House of
the country if he's got something should
he put it out there well first let me
say I think what we're all witnessing is
the degradation of the Office of the
President of the United States I mean
the fact that we are destroyed that
before right I mean but the fact that we
are discussing this is just outrageous
saying we have to keep saying that so
that it doesn't become our norm but in
terms of what he's doing I think he is
basically playing Trump's game you know
Trump from the very beginning has been
pretty savvy with the media and very
savvy with leaking out various different
points of data at different points
throughout the entire time he's been
running for
as well as throughout his presidency the
fact that he is deciding to allow
specific information out at different
times I think it was justification at
different time I think it's just I mean
what does he really have he admits he
comes on today and he says I don't
really have anything to say that it was
Michael Kohn or some Michael Connor the
president let me and yet he's putting
that implication an important point here
is what you said earlier was is this
fair to the American people or something
of that nature well I'm saying it's
taking a lot of time at I'm sure his
client is stormy Daniels Donald Trump is
the person as president United States
who has an obligation to this country to
the taxpayers he mr. Ivan Adi has one
obligation to one person store McDaniels
so he will put out whatever info he has
if he has it at the moments that best
serve her the person who has abandoned
the American people in this by joining
in a lawsuit to move it to state court
by not making clear his position what
happened what didn't happen just telling
the truth and that hurts the American
people and distracts the government is
Donald Trump a lot of people have been
surprised by the fact grace that we have
not heard from him I mean there was a
tweet this morning I don't know if it
was about the economy talked about fake
news maybe it was about what people are
- all talking about this morning and
last night but we have not seen him go
after her in particular the way he has
in the past right and that's what makes
this case so unusual and I think for
people who may be on the fence and
saying you know how much should we
believe about stormy Daniels story they
see the president staying quiet and that
could be a sign somewhere interpreting
that as a sign that she may have the
goods on him and that he may be being
quiet for a reason perhaps because she
does have emails DVDs videos otherwise
that could implicate him in some way
it's also possible of course that on the
home front he's trying to keep things
calm with the first lady she was in
Florida while he came back to Washington
DC when that 60 minutes interview aired
last night so it is possible that this
has less to do with trying to contain
the stormy Daniels story and more just
trying to maintain peace on the
homefront but it is certainly a stark
departure for the president to not have
on after her directly to hold his fire
that tweet this morning calling just
saying there's a lot of fake news out
there in generally general seems to be a
response to the 60 Minutes debate but
not calling it out yeah exactly and so
Matt what do you think is going on here
with the president first of all he's
keeping quiet second of all it is highly
unusual why not come out to Christine's
point he wants to put an end to this he
has other things like the economy he
wants to talk about maybe the stock
market's gonna do a little better today
why not say look if you've got proof put
it out there cuz it didn't happen what's
the percentage in it for him I mean the
reason why this story didn't actually
have legs at the beginning of the kind
of cycle when we first heard about
stormy Daniels is because it's a classic
dog bites man's story we're not
surprised that the president Donald
Trump has had relationships with women
and that paid people to silence him none
of this is actually a surprise given
what we know about his character in New
York since 1990 okay so it's not like a
John Edwards situation a lot of people
trying to make this comparison John
Edwards that played against type he was
this very sanctimonious character
talking about his empathy burr for
everybody and he kind of treated his
wife who was riddled with cancer very
badly in the situation with Dante the
lease it did it does it did not play
against type so there's no percentage in
him talking about it the only thing that
he would say would be to lie about it so
it's not helpful really to lie assuming
that this affair happened yes but there
are two why should we should look at the
two things that are legally important
here right number one if somebody
threatened her and I don't think there's
anybody who if what she said is true if
somebody comes to you and says you've
got a pretty daughter there and by the
way you know you don't want anything to
happen to her what are the legal
implications of that if they can figure
out who this person is well that's a
crime it is a crime to harass someone
and to threaten a physical bodily harm
and what about the first pointed at this
had a point of it and they tie it back
to some I think of all I think one of
the things that that she made clear in
her interview yesterday and that Michael
avenatti did as well this morning is
they don't know who that person is and
there was a time before when he teased
that as though he did possibly know so I
think they are in the process of trying
to decide what
but this happened about 10 years ago
it's my understanding this of 2011 cell
evidence for I don't know who's gonna
still have video camera of that parking
lot where she was or any thoughts the
other legal question beyond that which
is a significant one is the one that
relates in ways to John Edwards which is
the campaign finance violations which so
let me we're look this is how New York
magazine described the the situation
Cohan finds himself in quote Cohen
claims he paid money out of his own
pocket which would make Cohen the
perpetrator of the campaign finance
violations but avenatti has documents
showing that the payment was sent to
Cohen at his Trump Tower location and
communicated through his official Trump
organization email that strongly
indicates and perhaps even proves Cohen
was making the payment on Trump's behalf
I think this is where he isn't yes legal
trouble and the parallel with John
Edwards is a is a fair one and one that
we should all be looking at because even
if Michael Cohen made that payment
independently that doesn't absolve
Donald Trump or the campaign of having
accepted an illegal campaign
contribution and the timing there is so
key in the John Edwards case where there
were charges against him happened about
a year plus before the election and in
this case with Donald Trump these
payments week the same it happened even
that well Chu is peripheral to Donald
Trump somebody who's a campaign
contributor who lives out that does make
a difference for sure it does and and it
also opens up the question of how if
he's doing this weeks before the
election how many other people has you
been doing this with overtime well we
also have him on record threatening
people you know making all kinds of
statements on behalf of Donald Trump if
you if you publish this I'm gonna come
after you he's used the explicit is you
know this is just the perfect case of a
lawyer behaving badly and I've said this
before I don't even understand how he
still has a license to practice law if
he does yeah because he is violating all
kinds of professional rules of
responsibilities and ethics in the
manner in which he has conducted himself
on behalf of a client
yeah and Stormies point last night in
the interview when she was describing
that chilling threat that was
let she says was made to her in that
parking lot in Las Vegas you know that
is out of the Trump playbook right Dom
even directs that have not just been
from Michael Cohen but from other people
who have done business with the
president who say that when they tried
to get money back on behalf of clients
they received threatening phone calls
the police were brought in so this is
something that does ring true yeah that
is the key question whether you're
looking at that but that particular
legal part of it are you looking at the
story in general isn't sort of part of
the playbook is it part of the mo and I
think there was one other thing well
there were several other things but when
you look at Karen McDougal someone else
who has said she had a longtime affair
she says I think many months with the
president there are a lot of parts of
their stories that are similar and I
just want to play one part of that he's
like wow you you are special you remind
me of my daughter you know he's like
you're smart beautiful and a woman to be
recognized I like you I like you you
didn't see the looks on the faces of my
panel but they know I mean you all
cringed
it makes your scut but beyond beyond
that skin crawling part of it it is very
similar yet a story that Karen McDougal
told and that's one of the big problems
the president has here everything we're
seeing follows his history whether it
was in real estate or with women and
other statements he's made about his
daughter that are horrifying
there is no wiggle room for him to say
this doesn't seem sound or look like me
it absolutely does and he owes the
American people a direct answer to this
and it's the only allegation against him
that he has in steadfastly denied and
remember he put all the blame on an Al
Franken and said he should be out of the
Senate because he didn't deny it and by
not denying it he was admitting that it
happened so that's what we have to take
his own words and apply them to him he's
admitting this happened by not denying
it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
you
