week let's begin with last night's
highly anticipated 60 minutes interview
with stormy Daniels the porn star
divulge details of her alleged affair in
2006 with Donald Trump she said she was
threatened five years later after she
agreed to tell her story to a sister
publication of In Touch magazine later
she signed a statement denying an affair
but here's how she explained it last
night so you signed and released a
statement that said I'm not denying this
affair because I was paid in hush money
I'm denying it because it never happened
that's a lie yes if it was untruthful
why did you sign it because they made it
sound like I had no choice
yeah I mean no one was putting a gun to
your head not physical violence now you
thought that there would be some sort of
legal repercussions if you didn't sign
that as a matter of fact the exact
sentence used was they can make your
life hell in many different ways they
being I'm not exactly sure who they were
I believe it to be Michael Cohen
was it hush money to stay silent yes the
story was coming out again I was
concerned for my family and their safety
I think some people watching this are
going to doubt that you entered into
this negotiation because you fear if
your safety they're gonna think that you
saw an opportunity I think the fact that
I didn't even negotiate I just quickly
said yes to this very you know strict
contract and what most people will agree
with me extremely low number is all the
proof I need you feel like if you had
wanted to go public you could have
gotten paid a lot of money to go public
and I know for a fact I believe without
a shadow of a doubt in my heart and some
people argue that I don't have one of
those but whatever that I was doing the
right thing I turned down a large payday
multiple times because one I didn't want
to kiss and tell and be labeled all the
things that I'm being labeled now I
didn't want to take away from the
legitimate and legal I'd like to point
out career that I've worked very hard to
establish and most importantly I did not
want my family and my child exposed to
all the things that she's being exposed
to right now because everything that I
was afraid of coming out has come out
anyway and guess what I don't have a
million dollars so John Heilemann a lot
of questions actually that were raised
for me by that interview first of all
you know he keeps waving around the CD
we keep hearing about pictures what
exactly are they waiting for if this is
about truth justice and the American Way
instead of just a really big fat
paycheck for her from some publication
also the threat it's not like it
wouldn't would have been really
difficult for them to trace down who the
threat was from figure out who made the
phone calls and yet you have those two
things still hanging out there and it
seemed to me a lot more inconsistencies
and a lot more questions about her
motives
yes she was actually far more compelling
than I expected but again sometimes the
story didn't line up and just to be
really honest there were a lot of
questions that should have been asked
there's sort of a lot of follow ups
about the the threat a lot of follow ups
about the pictures that for some reason
Anderson Cooper decided not to follow up
on what what was your take away right I
know I think probably you and I though
we haven't discussed this
we're probably thinking a lot of the
same things I mean look let's start with
this the the the the this there's a
serious chart the underlying charge here
the notion that in the waning days of
the 2016 presidential campaign that
President Trump threw Michael Cohen
tried to silence this woman at a time of
great political vulnerability a story
that was potentially damaging to him
politically this it's a serious charge
and nothing about last night's interview
in any way diminish the seriousness of
what is being put on the table here and
and its consequence and potential
historic importance that's number one
number two I think she came across as a
highly credible person on television and
so she did her case some good in that
sense I do think that the level of
expectation that was raised about what
this interview would provide the kinds
of things you're referring to the
reference that he made on this program
to the the threat which she detailed to
some extent in a limited way in the
interview but there were a lot of as you
said a lot of follow-up questions you
want to ask about that there's been a
lot of suggestions about who might have
been the person who threatened her we
why was she not asked in more detail
about about who that person was why was
she not shown photographs potentially
people that might have been the the the
the person who threatened her there were
a lot there was a lot of expectation
raised as you said with the photograph
of the of the cut of the DVD the other
day right a lot of expectation got
raised and most of the expectations that
I think people had coming into the
interview that they thought they were
gonna the story was gonna be advanced in
some dramatic material way from what we
knew before the interview I think the
interview in that sense fell short and
again as you said left a lot of
questions that you want to add and have
answered either by her lawyer or by her
in though in other interview forums
hopefully relatively soon because I
think there's a lot of people online
still and again you're right I mean the
the lawyers are show a couple weeks ago
he's teased Ford and said you have for
watch 60 minutes right to find out about
the assault to find out of the threat
pictures if I yeah the the threat of the
assault we found out neither and it just
seems like who now it's moving down the
road well we can't tell you about I mean
it seems to me that Anderson Cooper
could have had two or three pictures
that he could have flashed up in front
of her face and said was this the person
who threatened you I mean I think all of
us around this table and just about
everybody in Trump's or bitter in
Washington DC could come up with a
lineup of three four five people that
Anderson Cooper should have shown her if
you have a threat that's that's out
there like that but that didn't happen
Jonathan Turley it seems to me that of
everything that happened last night you
know the question of whether she was a
credible witness what pictures might be
coming forward what this what that when
did they happen what did they say
where was he exactly perched on the bed
all very salacious all very irrelevant
at the end of the day you have a hundred
and thirty thousand dollar payment made
to silence somebody ten eleven twelve
days before a United States presidential
campaign and it looks like as Trevor
Potter said last night looks like you
could have a real problem in terms of
campaign finance violation I certainly
know if I had done that when I was in
Congress if anybody that I had known had
done that in Congress where you had
somebody paying somebody a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars and it wasn't
reported on your FEC filing you would be
going to court in short order what's it
all mean well I think there's a couple
of things that happened last night one
is that the the stage is set now for a
colossal fight in court
she's obviously released many of the
details that the non-disclosure
agreement was designed to with whole
from the public she's also made official
what was alluded to in the past that she
was in her view threatened by this
individual in the parking lot
and so now we're have to watch for the
most obvious steps I think that Michael
Cohen's likely to try to push this out
of federal court back into arbitration I
might think that stormy Daniels is
obviously going to resist that I but in
terms of the campaign finance issue
that's what we've been talking about for
a couple of weeks because I think that
is a real danger I die I've said from
the beginning that this does look like
an in-kind contribution along the lines
of what John Edwards was charged with
now that do you agree Jonathan that this
actually may be even more compelling
than the John Edwards case because this
happened not a year year-and-a-half
before an election this happened ten
eleven days before an election and it
was it was obviously hush money and you
had somebody what taking out a second
mortgage or a loan on their home paying
it off and then complaining that Donald
Trump never paid it back and even if
Trump did pay it back it's not reported
before the election that doesn't that
give doesn't that give Bob Mahler an
awful lot of leverage to talk to Cohan
and say hey buddy I've got you here
already if you would like me to give you
the manna for treatment and start
digging through the past twenty years of
your work I can do that or you can
cooperate with me now well I do think
that it's stronger because of the timing
but I should say that I was critical of
the John Edwards charge I I thought it
was a fairly weak case ultimately it did
not lead to his conviction but a case
can't be made what's notable is that the
for category is given to the president's
counsel for the sit-down with Muller
does not include this issue or a number
of other issues in many ways as good
news for the president because this is a
mess Michael Cohen made this much much
worse for his client it took someone
like Michael Kahn would actually make
stormy Daniels Laverne
I mean it is it is a serious problem
that the president is heading into and
he's going to have to find a way to
thread this needle and Michael Cohen the
president's lawyer now has a lawyer
himself after 60 minutes he sent a
letter to the lawyer for swarming
Daniel's denying Cohen's involvement in
threats writing in part quote you and
your clients false statements about mr.
Cohen accused him of criminal conduct
and constitute among other claims libel
per se an intentional infliction of
emotional distress third also appear
that your statements of alleged criminal
conduct are being made to obtain an
advantage in a civil dispute which is
also improper the letter continues I
hereby demand that you and your client
cease and desist from making any further
false and defamatory statements about my
client that you immediately retract and
apologize to mr. Cohen through the
national media for you to fam'ly Torrey
statements on 60 minutes and make clear
that you have no facts or evidence
whatsoever to support your allegations
that my client had anything to do
whatsoever with this alleged thug the
stormy Daniels whose real name is
Stephanie Clifford is embroiled in a
legal battle with the president over
$130,000 non-disclosure agreement she
signed just 11 days before the election
Mike Barnicle where we heard this
weekend Vanity Fair reporter that we
heard it elsewhere
Emily Fox reported that now Muller is
starting to ask questions about payoffs
to other women are we starting to move
down a new trail in this investigation
I think we've been moving down that
trail for quite some time Joe again we
harken back to what's said here almost
daily we don't know exactly what Muller
is doing we don't even we're not even
coming close to to knowing what he has
but at least with regard to that I mean
the thing that struck me about the
payments the women about last night 60
minutes appearance by stormy Daniels is
that after it was over I was thinking to
myself here's a woman she admits to
banking the President of the United
States about to become president having
sex with a man who's about to become
presidents and it's you know changed the
channel and see if there's an NCAA
basketball game on after like people are
shrugging their shoulders and saying
yeah so no surprise and also I think the
most important part of the story that
she was threatened with physical
violence if she told her story and that
she has been continuously bullied and
intimidated by this is just the
one-trick pony of Michael Cohen Donald
Trump's lawyer that's all they know how
to do is just to try to tell people that
they're going to ruin their lives and
that they can't and that they should be
silent and the key the key date for the
payment exactly the key the key date for
the payments everything I mean this is I
I don't understand how you can have six
figures flowing changing hands and it
not be a campaign finance finance
violation given some of the lesser
charges that so many people have gotten
in trouble on in the past yeah Heidi is
so many of these things that happen with
Donald Trump come at voters so quickly
but when you have a sixty minutes
interview like that suddenly becomes
water cooler talk suddenly you have
people talking about it around the
office and suddenly people start
bringing it up to members of Congress is
there any reason to believe that maybe
this cuts through all the noise and some
Republicans some evangelical leaders
actually start to apply some of the same
standards that they applied to Bill
Clinton twenty years ago yes and no yes
I believe that this will now be embedded
in our water-cooler culture this is an
interview that I imagine we're gonna see
the ratings were pretty high for this
and there was some obviously very
embarrassing details and here Joe and
quite frankly there were some real
similarities between the stories that
stormy Daniels told and that Karen
McDougal told dinner in the hotel suite
you remind me of my daughter
statements that he and Melania had
separate bedrooms and so that lends
credibility but at the end of the day
like you said at the top expectations
were raised so high particularly with a
lawyer tweeting that picture of the
cd-rom we were expecting to see some
kind of evidence I think that the
salacious details mean that we will be
talking about this for a long time along
with the threats she suggested that
possibly there are witnesses that she
put her conversations with Donald Trump
on speakerphone so there may be other
people out there who can verify it
like you said potentially another
interviewer will follow up and ask her
hey is this a picture of a man that you
that you recognize or you know provide
some details some physical description
of who that person may be Donald Trump's
detail at the time was very well known
it's not hard to establish who those
people were so I think it's the
beginning of something the question is
whether avenatti and stormy Daniels
actually have that evidence that they
raised the expectations for yeah
Jonathan Turley it certainly is
interesting that as a young lawyer I
remember being told never over-promised
under-promise over-deliver and the jury
will look positively on you
you know under-promise over-deliver the
judge will be presently pleasantly
surprised at the end of the hearing it
seems to me that we have an attorney
that's done just the opposite he over
promised he sent out tweets with
pictures of a cd-rom suggesting some big
explosion he told us two weeks ago that
she was threatened with assault and we
would find out more on 60 minutes when
in fact we found out nothing new on 60
minutes and it doesn't it just leave a
big question mark over your head we know
what Bob Muller once we know how Bob
Muller can leverage this they get
Michael Cohen to talk but we still don't
really know what the what stormy Daniels
wants and why she wants it other than a
big payday well I mean the question of
course is all of those issues that
weren't addressed you know Anderson
Cooper didn't
pursue those questions so we don't know
what will come out after this interview
and you know Anderson Cooper obviously
felt about comfortable alistair cooke at
masterpiece theater you know introducing
you know Debbie Does Dallas to the
audience I mean it is it was a very
awkward interview and a lot wasn't
addressed and so we are obvious can I
can I ask you that Jonathan I mean we
shouldn't hold him to a law your
standard but she goes some man
threatened me and said boy that baby she
looks nice to be ashamed it's a weasel
muga and he doesn't go who was it oh I
recognize him well what did he look like
did he look like this person that works
for Donald Trump did he look like this
person who worked for Donald I mean
that's not that hard to follow up on and
I do when I'm there he had some deal
before the interview well there's a lot
of lack of follow-up and including on
credibility you know you have the stormy
Daniels saying I just didn't want my
kids to find out about this and it sort
of left you with what you had a career
with dozens of porn movies and you were
afraid your kid would find out you at a
consensual relationship with the
president I mean those types of
disconnects weren't followed up and the
fact is stormy Daniels is not very
credible she signed false statements
that doesn't mean that what she's saying
is not true as you know Joe we deal with
people all the time that have less than
perfect records I but we're really still
wondering what's in that safe and also
what is there concrete in terms of
evidence that we haven't really seen yet
what is clear now is this balls in play
that that nondisclosure agreement has
been blasted into small bits and so we
what we're going to see in the next few
days is gonna be very important so now
let's go to the man that most people in
the Washington community considers the
editor Edward or Moreau of porn stars
and presidents and finally story comes
up David Ignatius I go to you now thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
