Senator Claire McCaskill is widely seen
as one of the most endangered Democrats
up for reelection in the midterms this
year possibly the most endangered and
when I sat down with her this week she
didn't just have tough words for
President Trump but for Hillary Clinton
and the National Democratic Party too I
started by asking her about the
president and whether or not she thinks
he is a stable leader the term stable is
a loaded term where it makes me a little
uncomfortable to go there and keep in
mind that my feet hit the ground
everyday not figuring out how I can
fight Donald Trump but rather how I can
fight for Missourians so I see this as a
duly elected president who I disagree
with on many many things and frankly
disagree with his demeanor disagree with
how he conducts himself in terms of his
personality but at the end of the day
I've got to stay focused on those places
where I can actually get something done
for the people that I represent you're
not willing to say that you think
President Trump is a stable leader I
don't think it's productive for me to go
there I'm just not gonna do it some of
your Republican colleagues tweeted this
week after the president used Muller's
name in a series of tweets Jeff Flake
saying our only constitutional remedy is
after the fact if Muller fires Trump
through impeachment do you agree if the
president fires Bob Muller should he be
impeached I'm not going to prejudge
facts that might occur in the future but
I will say this I spent many years as a
prosecutor and having traveled the world
I know that we are admired for our
freedoms we are admired for our military
prowess we are admired for our free
economy but we are really admired for
our rule of law and the notion this
president seems to think that the
Attorney General is his lawyer and that
somehow this should all be bent to his
will and that loyalty should be expected
the only thing the Attorney General
United States should be loyal to is the
Constitution period end of discussion
and so I do think it's a crisis that
this
president doesn't understand that bright
line that has made our rule of law the
envy of the world do you think that the
president has followed the rule of law
in connection with the instances where
he may have offered payments to women or
potentially threatened women stormy
Daniels the adult film star it says that
she should be able to speak do you think
she should be able to tell her story
well I think it all depends on the facts
of the case and obviously that's going
to be litigated now if in fact there was
a non-disclosure agreement that she
entered into without any fraud or
misrepresentation it you know then it
might be possible the courts would say
she is bound by it on the other hand if
there was misrepresentation or fraud or
if the parties that signed the agreement
weren't the parties that we are seeking
to enforce the agreement then I think
those are issues for the courts I am
troubled that anybody who is in an
important public position in our country
has so many non-disclosure agreements
evidently out there you call an Al
Franken to resign after that photo was
posted of him groping a woman do you
think the President Trump should resign
based on the allegations against him in
fairness Casey I didn't call on him to
resign after a photo I called on him to
resign after seven different women came
forward more women have come forward
against president let me finish seven
different women came forward some of
which came forward about conduct that
occurred after he had been on the ballot
for United States Senate he had
acknowledged some of this conduct and
that's why I thought it was important if
we were going to get have the high
ground as it related to Roy more than
that obviously is important I'm not sure
all of this was known to people when he
was elected unfortunately with President
Trump a lot of this was out there before
he was elected a lot of this was known
to the public that this is not a guy who
had been faithful to his wife or
respected when the voters know it's okay
well I'm obviously they elected him and
you have to have some respect for the
vote
here I don't like how Donald Trump
behaves I particularly don't like his
rhetoric towards women and how he has
treated women and all these incidents
trouble me a lot but I am also very
respectful of the voters let's talk a
little bit about your campaign which is
a tough one
in Missouri there is an ad from your
opponent Josh Holley that features the
words of Hillary Clinton who of course
you endorsed in 2016 he says if you look
at the map of the United States that's
all the red in the middle where Trump
won now he's quoting Hillary Clinton who
also said so I won the places that are
optimistic diverse dynamic and moving
forward were these comments from Hillary
Clinton helpful to you no probably not
you know I understand the point she was
trying to make but it felt like she was
criticizing Missouri voters and I would
draw talk about drawing a line I would
draw a line there I have great respect
for Missouri voters and there are a lot
of reasons they voted for Donald Trump
some of which I completely understand
I mean frustration is a powerful
motivator and if you've played by the
rules and worked hard all your life and
you're further behind this year than you
were ten years ago no wonder you want
something completely different and so I
get that so no it wasn't helpful I think
it was wrong how she put it I think it
certainly is being taken out of context
which you know but she knows things that
you say are taken out of context so for
those of us that are in states that
Trump won we would really appreciate if
she would be more careful and show
respect to every American voter and not
just the ones who voted for her do you
think the National Party understands
what's going on with your voters in
Missouri why they are feeling so much
pain I don't know and don't care I could
care less what the National Party thinks
or what they're doing I mean nothing is
you know an easier question for me to
answer than the one aren't you worried
about the National Democratic Party
message no I'm not I'm not I don't care
what the National Democratic Party
message is I care about the fact that
pharmaceutical companies have unbridled
greed
that are totally ripping off Missourians
in terms of drug prices they're getting
windfall from this tax bill they're
giving it all to their stockholders and
continuing to raise the prices of drugs
I care about the fact that sixty-one
percent of rural Missourians have
dial-up broadband you talk about not
being able to create jobs so there's a
lot of things I really care about and
I'm gonna talk about those but the
National stuff I don't care
senator Elizabeth Warren was very
critical of you for voting in favor of
legislation to loosen some of the
restrictions on banks that were put in
place by the dodd-frank law what do you
say back to her in response to that
criticism well I think some other
criticism was just flat wrong and some
of it was unfair but you're talking to
somebody who's not afraid to say I'm a
moderate I proudly claim that I think we
need more moderates around here because
it's the moderates who get things done
you know we can stand on opposite sides
of the room and scream at each other but
it's like a sugar high
you don't really accomplish anything
it's the people who are willing to come
to the middle and compromise on a
bipartisan basis I mean that's how we've
you know that's how we did the sex
trafficking bill that's how we got some
things done for veterans that hadn't
gotten done in in decades is by talking
to Republicans finding common ground and
actually moving the needle on things
that help people in their lives so I am
very comfortable that we did nothing
that will cause another economic crisis
I am very comfortable we did nothing
that is capitulating to the big guys on
Wall Street I am very comfortable that
we helped small community banks and
credit unions survive and thrive and
that is good for the consumer and so I
would disagree with Elizabeth Warren but
I'm used to both sides of the equation
hollering at me I think I was the only
senator in America at one point I had
the far left in the far right both up on
TV against me at the same time hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
