it's for little children will not be
judged by the color by the content of
their character good afternoon I'm joy
reid live in washington DC who behind us
we're an estimated 800,000 people led by
student activists descended on the
nation's capitol to demand change and
gun reform there's been an emotional
historic day with with March for our
lives rallies in more than 800 cities in
the US and around the world speeches by
young people from across the country
musical performances and more including
that speech you just heard of a clip
which was a clip from the granddaughter
of Martin Luther King jr. but I want to
show you what I would argue was not just
the emotional high point of today but
indeed one of the most powerful things I
personally have ever seen broadcast on
live television
this is parkland survivor Emma Gonzales
six minutes and 20 seconds with an ar-15
and my friend Carmen would never
complain to me about piano practice
Aaron fights would never call Kiera miss
sunshine
Alex chapter would never walk into
school with his brother Ryan
Scot beagle would never joke around with
Cameron at camp
Helena Ramsay would never hang out after
school with Max Gino montalto would
never wave to her friend Liam at lunch
Joaquin Oliver would never play
basketball with Sam or Dylan
Alayna patty would never carol Agron
would never Chris Nixon would never luke
Hoyer would never Martine Duque Ileana
would never
Peter Wang would never ELISA al hada
would never Jamie Guttenberg would never
meadow Pollack would never
since the time that I came out here it
has been six minutes and 20 seconds the
shooter has ceased shooting and will
soon abandon his rifle blend in with the
students as they escape and walk free
for an hour before arrest fight for your
lives
before it's someone else's job well now
that was as difficult to watch the
second time as it was to watch the first
time incredibly incredibly powerful
joining me now Brandon Wolfe a survivor
of the pulse nightclub shooting
I'm Tiffany Kraus co-founder of the beat
DC and the Washington Post Jonathan
Capehart
I'm gonna start with you Jonathan
because I know you like I am seeing it
for the second time and I have to tell
you you know silence is almost never
used in television right it's almost
never used for a reason because silence
is uncomfortable yeah the human mind
wants to fill it with sound so that you
could see that as you it was became
clear that Emma was not going to talk
you saw people start to cheer people
start to chime in your mind wants to
fill it filled is it so hard to watch
with that little girl as composed I'm
not composed like I was a mess after
that and I'm a mess it out so wait tell
me your reaction and so watching it
watching it at home it was really the
climax of an incredible day
of incredible young people giving
unbelievable speeches speeches that
spoke to us as Americans speeches that
spoke to us as fellow citizens as
neighbors as nephews and cousins and
then to have it punctuated by four
something minutes of silence thanks well
the six hold it all together yeah
tears in my eyes I was desperately
trying not to cry mm-hmm but I couldn't
help it because that little girl these
kids and I loved calling them kids
because it gives them power yeah to be
able to not only force people to deal
with the uncomfortable silence but to
literally I think stopped the name
in its tracks yeah to force them to pay
attention not only to her but to what
everyone's been saying since February
14th when Marjory Stoneman Douglas High
School was the site of another mass
shooting but the other beautiful thing
about today is that those Parkland kids
didn't ignore all of the other victims
of gun violence that came before them
not only did they not ignore them they
gave them a place at the table
he absolutely did and Tiffany I know
that you you were seeing it for the
first time you know we 30 seconds of a
TV commercial a 60 second course is a
long time we played that we wanted to
play the whole thing the whole six
minutes and 20 seconds which includes
her speaking and the silence because I
think these children understood how
powerful that silence and forcing you to
relive the amount of time they were
tormented they got that they did and I
think joy how you I've worked in
television a long time I think what you
said about there is no silence and
television so what it said to me is
these kids are rule breakers they are
not just future voters these are future
candidates these are future leaders
these are future funders these are
people who are going to be writing 20 30
50 hundred dollar checks to candidates
and I've said on the show before there
are times that you have to work within
the system there are times that you have
to work around the system and there are
times that you have to disrupt it and
these kids have said we're going to
disrupt it not anymore and I want to
echo Jonathan's point because there was
years of other kids who didn't look like
them who tried to have this movement and
instead they were met with SWAT teams
and police in riot gear and these kids
recognized that they were quote as my
friend Angeles's and I just thought that
so it's such a new generation that they
recognize the inequality of what it took
for the media to pay attention and to
Jonathan's point to invite them in that
movement was just it's emotionally
overwhelming and I applaud them and it
shows that the the power of the people
can always overcome the people in power
yeah and we saw last week Senator Marco
Rubio introduced to the
violence bills and I'm not sure that
that would have happened without the
activism of these kids and this is just
we haven't seen how deep this will go
they've just scraped the surface but I
think that they're going to push more
politicians on the left and the right I
think they're gonna push them more to do
the right thing and if I were the NRA or
someone who receives money from the NRA
or people in these deep red states who
value guns more than they do the lives
of children I would be shaking in my
boots right now because their time is
coming to an end
yeah or deeply ashamed I mean the
branded I mean I'm you know the mother
and me feels incredibly protective of
every one of these kids that are out
here but I think that both Stephanie
Jonathan made the point that they had
you at the table I mean we had more than
50 people shot dead inside the pulse
nightclub not that far from Parkland in
Orlando Florida and the country moved on
you guys are kids to me you're a kid and
so you know what did it mean for you to
be at this table well listen you know
what that silence sounded like to me it
sounded like the mothers of Sandy Hook
victims coming home it sounded like the
mothers of Chicago gun violence victims
coming home to an empty dinner table it
sounded like what I came home to on June
12 2016 and my best friend wasn't there
anymore so I love that
Emma Gonzales took this opportunity to
show America what silence feels like in
homes that have been robbed of their
children because of gun violence
I am honored and proud to stand
alongside these students because I
sincerely believe they are changing the
world this is a moment in history we
will all remember where we were when
Emma Gonzales stood on a stage and gave
us six minutes of a sneak peek a sliver
of a glimpse into what those parents
what those families would deal with for
the rest of their lives yeah they didn't
want to listen to me when it was my turn
they didn't want to listen to anyone
when it was columbines turn it was Sandy
Hook Stern these kids are not going away
and in her silence Emma Gonzales says
she's not going anywhere yeah absolutely
and you know you mentioned Sandy Hook
one of the other
there were so many powerful moments
saying but we think of the Sandy Hook
kids as little kids right they because
they were babies
remember this was a range it was an
elementary school and on that stage
today were kids that were sixth graders
at Sandy Hook you think about the time
that has passed six years later they're
16 and 17 year olds what's not just
coming for these people who've been
obedient to the NRA all this time are
not just the Parkland kids who are 16 to
17 but the older Sandy Hook kids can now
tell their stories of being on lockdown
in that school we are gonna hear from
those kids too we did today right and
and that's what I've been thinking a lot
about the the victims of Sandy Hook
couldn't speak their older brothers and
sisters and classmates couldn't really
speak parkland gave them the opportunity
to have their voices heard and I just it
this is such an incredible time I said
today on the radio that listeners should
when they're talking to people about
this to ask the question of their
friends
does this feel different we've been to
protests before we've seen people
protest mass shootings before we we've
seen the hurt and the anger and the
silence that you were just talking about
and yet nothing happened and yet there's
something about this moment there's
something about these kids there's
something about today culminating with
with the silence from Emma Gonzales that
says and it should say to those people
in that building at that end of
Pennsylvania Avenue and that at that end
of Pennsylvania Avenue that these kids
are not having it and not just these
kids this nation yes isn't having it
anyway absolutely you know it's
interesting Tiffany among the many
people who were tweeting at these
incredible kids today Barack Obama
President Obama tweeted Michelle and I
are so inspired by all the young people
who made today's March happen keep at it
you're leading us forward and then he
said a line from the speech that I still
think is the most powerful speech he
ever gave which was yes we can the
speech he gave in defeat in defeat in
New Hampshire after losing that primary
to Hillary Clinton and he said nothing
can stand in the way of
millions of voices calling for change
one of the truest things that's ever
been said about politics does everything
you doing pause is impossible black
president was impossible right do we
finally feel now that we're at the
moment of possibility that people will
say that this toy this gun this thing
this thing I go to the gun range with
really cannot be more important than the
lives of a child yeah I would go a step
further and say we're not at the stage
of possibility but the stage of
probability
Emma Gonzales is silence is commendable
the silence that we hear from Mitch
McConnell and Paul Ryan and all the
other people is cowardice and I think
these kids have done a great job of
calling that out I think we're going to
see it come November
I hope blue wave for lack of a better
term some that people have used because
I think to Jonathan's point and sent to
your point that people are at their
wit's in and they're not gonna they're
not gonna stand by and take this kind of
apathy anymore from politics and they
brought the nation to a screeching halt
and made everybody stand still and look
at the nation around us and I think why
people just salivate over everything
that President Barack Obama has says
because he draws such a stark contrast
between what we're seeing right now and
I think the gun violence that we've seen
and the current political movement is
swept up in all of the scandal and all
of the discord that we're seeing in the
nation and kids have seen this is what
the adults have led us to this is the
sum total of decisions that people
before us have made and we're not going
to take it anymore we're not okay with
the state of current politics as they
are and we're going to be the voice and
the time to change it so yeah I think
we're gonna see a lot of change to
Jonathan's point it does feel different
it is different let's replay a bit of
the 2016 election today and a couple of
back-to-back tweets Brandon Hillary
Clinton the defeated candidate the
winner of the popular vote in the last
presidential election tweeting listening
to the students from Parkland and across
the country today as a reminder of what
is possible when our future is in the
right hands and why we match inspiration
with determination meanwhile the person
who the electoral college decided in
their wisdom would be the president
United States and my producers please
correct me if he's tweeted something
after this but this is the only thing
that we've seen on his feet today our
thoughts and prayers are with the
victims of the horrible attack in France
yesterday and we grieve with the
nation's loss we also condemned the
violent actions of the attacker and
anyone
who are providing support we are with
you Emmanuel macron and of course we to
stand with the people of France but
nothing nothing about this nothing about
what's happening right in his other
backyard I mean I know he's golfing
today but your thoughts are we surprised
I'm just a poll are we actually
surprised listen let's just call it what
it is Donald Trump is a joke and we'll
just leave that at that where is Donald
Trump I'd like to sing the where is
Carmen Sandiego theme song where is
Donald Trump he's hiding in Florida
because he's afraid of a group of
teenagers who brought up a conversation
that he simply can't win he tries to
dance on both sides of this issue saying
he'd like to find an answer but at the
same time he's still afraid of the NRA
he doesn't know how to fix this the NRA
doesn't know how to fix this
congressional Republicans haven't known
how to fix it for decades they're the
wrong people to be asking to fix this
issue and I don't think you heard a
whole lot from these students about
we're hoping Donald Trump comes to the
table and joins us in this conversation
we're hoping Mitch McConnell sits down
at the dinner table they're saying we're
ready to vote you out because we know
you won't join us in the conversation so
it's time to move on thank you it's so
good to see you here a Florida yes very
important state now and forever Tiffany
cross my friend Jonathan Capehart my
friend I thank you guys I'm glad that
you were the three people who were here
with me in this moment this was
difficult to get through a second time
and I'm glad you guys were here to get
through it with me thank you and up next
I spoke with some of the parkland
students do more of the Parkland
survivors this week and we will show you
that interview after the break
we can keep America safe we are all
fighting for our lives but we are a
great generation and we'll be the ones
to make America safe thank you
