I was stationed at camp anaconda in Iraq
in Afghanistan Vietnam my service weapon
was an m4 assault rifle my service
weapon was an m16 it's basically the
same you know what it is the same as a
ar-15 the same weapon that's killed
hundreds of people in the deadliest mass
shootings in America I know the power of
this weapon first hand first hand first
hand and there is no reason no reason no
reason why anyone other than military
and law enforcement should have an
assault weapon like this that was a
powerful new ad by a group called
veterans for gun control that was
tweeted out by lots and lots of people
on Friday including Emma Gonzales one of
the parkland students who've organized
the March for our lives the historic
rally set to take place here in
Washington DC not too far away from
where I'm sitting right now and in some
800 cities worldwide
right now marches are already gathering
in parkland Florida the birthplace of
this movement and joining me now is the
mayor of parkland Christina offski who's
among of the marchers and mayor on
chomsky thank you for joining me this is
amazing what the city of parkland has
been able to accomplish really that you
know the country has struggled with
since Columbine in 1999 what is it about
parkland that's so special that you that
the students the kids in your community
were able to pull this off parkland has
always been a very close-knit community
a very active community we had a
hurricane here in September as soon as
people got their electricity back the
first thing they wanted to do is know
how they could help others so we've
always been that community that's
reached out within our city and beyond
our borders to help and these students
have been nothing short of incredible
and they take into social media and
they've let their voices be heard
and in Florida we've already seen
wonderful things happening as far as
people on both sides of the political
aisle coming together and finding where
there's common ground to make a
difference and to make sure that
something like this never happens again
yeah indeed as a former Broward County
resident former Florida resident I know
very well how powerful the NRA is there
Marion hammer you're an elected official
there you know she essentially runs that
state as sort of a permanent governor
and yet a modest gun bill did pass in
March as a direct result of the parkland
Massacre three-day waiting period banned
sale of bumped stocks funding school
police officers and resource officers
mental health services allowing some
staff to carry guns in schools people
aren't too thrilled about that raising
the minimum age to buy a farm five
firearms 221 a few things not in the
bill there was no assault weapons ban
there ar-15 sales are not banned so or
suspended high-capacity magazines not
banned and background checks not
strengthened do you foresee those things
that were left off the agenda that Ivan
I'm sure you have heard a lot of the
parklands do the saying they want can
that pass in Florida I believe we need
to focus on what the amazing of feat was
that did pass the fact that that bill
even passed this session if someone had
said that a month ago no one would have
believed that that could even be
possible there is a commitment in this
city and in this state towards student
safety and we need to keep focusing on
that so that our schools and our
communities are safe yeah absolutely
well you know what big up to parkland
Florida
parkland Florida Mayor Christina and
Chomsky thank you very much your mark
let's and the March looks impressive
behind you have a great day thank you
thank you very much and joining me now
is US senator from Minnesota Amy
Klobuchar and Senator Clovis are going
to know you more than most know that the
the same power the NRA has in a state
like Florida they also hold it over
Capitol Hill particularly over the other
party over the Republican Party same
question to you we've seen gun measures
gun reform measures passed in several
states including Florida is it possible
can you foresee significant gun reform
passing through the United States Senate
in the house I can and the reason I can
see it is because what we're seeing
right behind here for years I'm former
prosecutor law enforcement was pushing
for better background checks and rules
and some limits on assault weapons then
the moms tried after Sandy Hook they're
in my office the day that bill went down
it was the saddest day I had in the
Senate to tell them that people didn't
have the courage to pass out when they
had the courage to come to Washington
but to me this is it this is the tipping
point you have students young people who
are saying to their parents and
grandparents in my state you know we
like to hunt - yeah big hunting State
Minnesota but we don't understand why a
background check and closing the gun
show loophole is going to hurt hunting
yeah and so that's how I look at these
things and it is you can steal it not
just here yeah but we're having 13
marches in Minnesota I just met with the
kids here that came out here on a bus
yeah and they're all ready to go and
there's just a feeling of movement that
we haven't had on this issue since I
started working you know I love to ask
the question behind the scenes when the
cameras aren't there do your colleagues
on the other side and I'm going to ask
you one of those are they more afraid of
these teenagers than they were of those
Sandy Hook moms I think I wouldn't know
if I use the word fear but I think that
there are more of them coming at them
because they're in their their their
friends and their their kids and then
they're their grandkids and they're
talking to them all this yeah and asking
these innocent questions like why can't
we go to school and feel safe yeah why
do you need a bump stock you know those
kinds of questions that I think you can
ask in a different way than a mom
telling you what to do I'm a mom yeah
say the same here absolutely art is here
with us yes you would say the same thing
well the other power is that these these
Parkland kids have moms and dads and
even if they're 1617 you can vote their
parents can vote and who has more
influence over the mom of the grandma
than the teenage exactly and I could not
believe the number of teenagers calling
our office yeah saying how can we
register early if we turn 18 by a
certain yeah they are very attuned to
this and know that they are not just
voting for themselves they're going to
be voting
17 people and so many of them young
people yeah they can't vote anymore
because they perished in that tragic
murder absolutely I played a little bit
of a the veterans for gun reform ad at
the top of this block now that you're
seeing veterans coming forward and
saying that weapon the ar-15 is almost
if not exactly what I used in combat do
the veterans now become the next force
that is sort of an irresistible force
even for Republican lawmakers under the
sway of the NRA that is a very powerful
group as our hunters who are willing to
get forward and say you know we receive
respect the Second Amendment we want to
go out and hunt but we don't need this
particular weapon and so those kinds of
things are gonna make a difference I
think the other that gets lost here is
that we've lost six thousand women to
domestic violence yeah weighted
homicides with guns yeah and which is
actually more than we've lost brave
troops in Iraq and Afghanistan you have
to figure I pointed out to the president
at the White House when I was at that
meeting yeah and so that that issue is
also part of this because you've got men
that are willing to stand up and say
that's wrong yeah and I think you've
just got to go beyond the groups that
have been talking about this and move to
veterans move to police officers move to
these young men at these young boys and
girls that have been talking out and you
change the face of a movement that's
what happened with gay marriage with
young P&D and in my mind that was a lot
about Barack Obama coming up at so and
thought he had a chance and who get
influenced Barack Obama his kids teenage
kid last question you brought him up
Donald Trump very changeable and
suggestible have we learned here with
the omnibus bill and his switcheroo
saying they're afraid of the NRA and
then him behaving as if he's afraid of
the NRA me can Democrats get to him be
the last person in the room and get him
to sign on and get on board with the
significant gun reform well I would like
I said I was at that meeting and he
committed and two three five ten times
that he wanted to see universal
background check yeah
that's not in their package has he said
he's against it no yeah until you look
for what you can get here and when we
get to that next moment where we push
for the background checks we did make
the background checks better in this
last bill we just voted on which we
hadn't been able to get
yeah we did some stuff on school safety
and on research on guns we have had not
been done but now it's time to turn to
the background checks yeah and he said
he supported it and we just got to hold
him to it and all these kids out here
yeah they saw him say it absolutely
senator Amy Klobuchar who can tolerate
the weather better than I can clearly
probably you don't need a coat
Minnesota's like this is balmy thank you
very much senator don't really
appreciate it and we've got much more
live coverage of today's March for our
lives coming up right here on am joy on
the other side of this break stay with
us
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
