washington-dc
the epicenter of today's nationwide
March for our lives protests a turnout
of about a half a million people is
expected here in the nation's capital
and organizers say it's just one of more
than 800 demonstrations around the world
now because of the sheer size of this DC
protest an actual March will not occur
rather be a rally along Pennsylvania
Avenue and joining me now is a Maryland
high school senior who is marching today
Danielle Glee oh and I want to tell all
of you that the pictures we see behind
us in our backdrop are pictures that
were taken from a March that you started
so you've got to be pretty too proud of
seeing what all has come of this you're
here marching Daniel and the inspiration
is what for you I'm just tired of seeing
people my age being slaughtered in
classrooms we shouldn't have to go to
school in fear of being killed we should
be going to school to learn and to like
be kids you know we shouldn't be
concerned about how am I going to escape
a class a shooter comes in or what's the
follow gonna be of a shooting you know
like I can only imagine what the
Parkland kids are going through right
now and I would not want that on on even
my worst enemy so what constitutes
success for you from today's March I
mean is it change in gun laws I mean
that's gonna take a bit as we have seen
for years we've been dealing with this
on Capitol Hill is it just awareness and
having more and more and more voices
join this chorus absolutely we need to
get people ready for the elections in
2018 and 2022 vote out politicians who
are bought and owned by the NRA and are
obstructing the change that needs to
happen in order to keep not just
students but everyone in this country
safe we need to get people energized to
stay involve and to keep this movement
going we can't let this die after today
it has to keep going after this today
just has to be the start look I'm going
to date myself I've been at this network
since the Columbine shooting in 1999 and
I have watched countless lawmakers
appear before cameras in the wake of
school shootings and say thoughts and
prayers are with those that have been
affected by this and well not an
illegitimate
nothing's happened yeah how much do you
think this is going to change things I
think that this is going to be a tipping
point people are just completely fed up
we don't want to live in fear of a
gunman anymore we want to live our lives
you know so I think that politicians who
are just giving thoughts and prayers and
not giving us some legislative change
are going to have a rude awakening at
the ballot box in 2018 and 2020 because
I don't think that they really have a
place in our lawmaking system anymore
because they are putting us all in
danger by not acting when you go to
school do you see changes do you see up
ticks and security just because of the
nature of the potential for violence
yeah but there's only so much that can
do when weapons like the ar-15 are in
the hands of who knows you know we can't
we can beef up security all we want but
when the gunman comes in and starts
firing there's only so much all that
security can do I would look at a new
poll it shows only 63% of students
Daniel feel safe when they go to school
that looks less than 2 out of 3 yeah I
feel like that's even a little bit high
ever since Sandy Hook happened when I
was in seventh grade I've been terrified
to go to school like I'm that's always
something like at the but in the back of
my mind like you mean you think about
that when you're going to school in the
morning so or your mother or father
drops you off or says goodbye to you at
the doors you ride on your bike to get
to school you think about that I think
every single kid in this country
probably does if not before Parkland
definitely after and so this thought
process has inspired you for change what
has been the most challenging part of
this trying to organize these rallies
and and getting hashtags out on on
social media on Twitter and how much
does that helped you has social media
really been what's changing for this
this new generation I think that keeping
a movement together is what's going to
be our biggest challenge keeping it
sustained but I believe that we will be
able to do that and social media has
played a tremendous part in it and being
able to mobilize quickly I mean the the
March that
I did after the with just a week after
the shooting that just was like four
days of planning and then we were on the
Capitol protesting extraordinary you
know like it was such a quick turnaround
but like for this one here on the
backdrop that was me and like 50 other
students we all were we all put our
heads together and over like a two and a
half week long period we put this all
together but still and then you look at
what's happening after you know five
short weeks since the tragedy in
parkland and we look at a half a million
they're coming here eight hundred
demonstrations around the world with
this I do want to ask you about the
shooting that was at a high school near
home state of Maryland in which a school
resource officer was the one that
ultimately stopped the shooter killing
that student what is your reaction to
that I mean that the thought of armed
officers in schools I mean it's it's
something that I'm I'm kind of
struggling with right now because I'd
I'd like to think that guns don't have a
place in school but just because of the
state of things it seems that we do need
school resource officers but ultimately
that girl died just yesterday yeah she
was taken off life since too many and it
shouldn't have happened and it was
access to guns that caused her death and
caused the deaths of 17 people in
parkland Florida it's it's the
overwhelming and easy access to guns in
this country that is putting so many
people at risk and hurting so many
people and I think that that's what a
lot of this problem is about well Daniel
polio well done and congratulations on
all of your efforts and and all that's
bringing to today which is quite a
significant today let's hope there is
some real positive change and I heard
you got into a college just this week so
congratulations on yet you are on your
way young man thank you so much Daniel
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
