warning shot that's what mike 11 adi
called his tweet today a warning shot
Michael have an idea stormy Daniels
lawyer each day he has been representing
stormy Daniels he has made life more
difficult for Donald Trump and Donald
Trump's lawyers and today he has no
doubt created sheer panic in Donald
Trump's very fragile mind and in the
weak and fragile mind of Donald Trump's
lawyer Michael Cohen because of what
Michael avenatti said earlier tonight on
an MSNBC you will hear that in a moment
but first here is what Michael avenatti
tweeted late last night it was a
photograph of a DVD with the words if a
picture is worth a thousand words how
many words is this worth 60 minutes
please than I at musta I was one of many
who was a bit confused to put it mildly
by that tweet and then others started
theorizing that the DVD must include
photographs and/or video to prove that
stormy Daniels had a relationship with
Donald Trump and then tonight on
hardball
Michael avenatti clarified for Chris
Matthews what his tweet meant in the
most painful possible terms for Donald
Trump let me tell you this Chris that
DVD contains evidence of this
relationship and let me tell you why it
sent the tweet
I sent the tweet as a warning shot to
Michael Cohen and any other
supporter of the President to the
President himself to the extent that
they plan on disparaging my client lying
about what happened or spinning facts
that have no basis in reality after this
60 minute interview let that tweet be a
warning to them a warning shots are not
supposed to hit anyone but you know that
that warning shot is like nothing that
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen have ever
seen in their years of trying to bully
people with lawsuits and the threats of
lawsuits since he became a politician
Donald Trump has discovered that there
are people he cannot bully that way when
he threatened to sue me I dared him to
do it I begged him to do it and of
course he was afraid to sue me but when
it comes to crushing Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump's Lee
bullying I'm nothing I'm just a rank
amateur compared to Michael avenatti we
have seen no one like this no one it
doesn't look like they've met their
match in Michael avenatti it looks like
they've met the lawyer who can crush
them both so what should we expect from
stormy Daniels on 60 minutes
Sunday night a--last Ruth Marcus next
along with judge Liam who has been
covering the unique challenges that
stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal
present to the President of the United
States Chris here's what I'll tell you
the threat was delivered in person my
clients going to describe it in detail
on Sunday the American people are going
to hear from her they're gonna judge her
credibility it was very frightening to
her was the threat part of the reason
she signed I think absolutely when when
the president's fixer exerts pressure on
you to sign a document you don't ask a
lot of questions you do as you're told
during discussion now Jed Legum editor
and founder of Think Progress and back
with us Ruth Ruth Marcus and a judge the
threat that he's talking about is a
threat delivered to stormy Daniels
Michael Cohen specializes in threats
like that he seemed to be saying there
that Michael Cohen will be exposed
Sunday night at 60 minutes as having
threatened stormy jackets yeah and as
far as we know this is a physical threat
yeah which and the woman Karen McDougal
last night said there wasn't a physical
threat there but she is and I think this
is really just another moment where this
is spinning out of control for where is
the trump presidency going to be at 8:00
p.m. Sunday night after we have heard
from stormy Daniels having already heard
from Karen McDougal this week well I
think I think the president's worried
about it and that's why you've seen him
ratchet up what is it already fairly
volatile personality fairly you know
unpredictable he was tweeting out that
he was gonna veto a bill that he had
said he was gonna side the day before
you think that behaviors related to all
of this I I think so I mean I don't know
for sure but I do
think that he has for his entire life
had these situations under control he
trusts Michael Cohen he's been able to
keep them under wraps and as president
he's not able to do that and I think
that this has created a real urgency but
but what's to do what can you do right
Ruth Donald Trump clearly did not
understand how the presidency and
presidential campaigns change how much
pressure is on the pressure cooker when
you're Donald Trump the guy with the NBC
show and the real estate business and
you're trying to contain and these kinds
of stories and execute confidentiality
agreements like this with people it's
not that hard to do in the presidency
the pressure cooker makes these things
come out it does and yet
I two words Fifth Avenue shorthand for
Donald Trump's famous statement that he
could shoot somebody in the middle of
Fifth Avenue and his supporters wouldn't
care he has been able yet the presidency
is different you're totally right but he
has been able to get away with things
that no other candidate has been able to
get away with Access Hollywood tape and
that no other president has been able to
get away with and so the thing that's
really striking as we go into this
stormy Daniels interview is that what
would be very dangerous for another
president he had an affair with this
woman I thought that Karen McDougal was
really remarkably credible just a
bulletproof credible we're not any
longer really having a serious
conversation about whether he had an
affair with Karen McDougal asked and
answered whether he had an affair with
stormy Daniels think that's going to be
pretty clear and you know how
interesting is the way Michael avenatti
has played all this what's really
perilous for Donald Trump is the
self-inflicted wound that he created
with his fixer Michael Cohen by trying
to shut this down in his typical way and
so because now the problem potential
problem very serious potential problems
for President Trump is where did the
money come from to
try to pay the hush money to stormy
Daniels what money was paid through
American media of with her Karen
McDougal and what kind of threat was
there and that is much more dangerous to
him than extramarital dalliance because
really let's be serious at this point
who no one the evangelicals don't care
the other Trump supporters don't care
that's not what's going to bring them
down the we all remember the Trump
reaction and public statement about if
Muller goes wants to know about my
business that's crossing the line
Michael avenatti has sent letters to the
Trump business crossing that line saying
he wants them to preserve all documents
because he intends to subpoena documents
from the Trump Organization about where
that hundred and thirty thousand dollars
came from yeah and I think that's where
this becomes very serious for him
because I do I agree with Ruth that
people really have this sort of baked
into the cake as far as the the sex
aspect of this this is his third
marriage I don't think people really had
this idea that he was a paragon of
virtue in this regard but you do have
the issue of the Trump Organization you
also have the issue of this was going on
during an election and that this money
was being used and I think in both
lawsuits they bring this up this money
was being used very clearly to try to
benefit his election and should have
been reported and then in the case of
Karen McDougal could could constitute an
illegal corporate contribution to his
campaign you add that to what we heard
the clip that you just played about a
potential threat and this becomes about
a lot more than sex and that's where I
think it really creates brand the next
chapter of the story is Sunday night
judge like a Ruth Marcus thank you both
for joining us appreciate it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
