joining us now Ruth Marcus deputy
editorial page editor and columnist at
the Washington Post also with us maria
tracey kumar president and CEO of voto
Latino and an MSNBC contributor I want
to go back to something Donald Trump
said when he was one of his angrily
signing the bill he thought about
vetoing after he promised a sign and he
talked about how the Democrats have just
forgotten and they don't care about the
daca kids which of course is his way of
saying I'm really angry I didn't get
money for that wall that's exactly right
and let's not forget he forgot to say
that the reason that the daca kids are
in the particulate that they are in is
because he decided cruelly and unusually
on September 5th that he was going to
rescind daca and the courts have
demonstrated that that he does not have
the authority to do that so right now
it's battled in the courts but this idea
of putting it on the hands of the
Democrats is unfair the Democrats went
up three times and provided him exactly
what he wanted which was funding for the
wall in exchange for the daca relief and
instead he's decided not to what's at
stake right now if he really wants to
have daca all he needs to do is pick up
the phone call Paul Ryan there three
four different pieces of legislation
that Paul Ryan today tomorrow because
now we're working although you could
literally put it to the floor but he has
decided not to have that sort of
leadership that he claims he wants and
Congress basically doesn't could
unfortunately Congress could care less
right now about the fate of these young
people responsible Ruth of faithful
listener of Rush Limbaugh was a dear
friend of mine texted me today the
moment that Rush said it was as if Trump
just went back up the escalator just
just if we could just roll it back and
have him sliding back up and pretend
this all never happened but it's kind of
it's it's one of the worst things Russia
could say and it at any moment in the
Trump presidency
basically saying it's all been for
nothing or Donald Trump has given up on
what he came down that escalator to do
because Donald Trump over promised that
is Donald Trump's mo throughout his
career he tells you what he needs you to
believe or he to try to convince you to
do whatever deal he's trying to sell
you and then he doesn't deliver it and
then he gets other people to bail him
out and manages to go on to his next
deal and that's what he did with this
and you know you were talking about
Donald Trump's tell before one of his
tells is hella cute he when he accuses
his opponent it
it's a he's accusing him of something he
does himself so when he accuses the
Democrats of not caring about the docket
kids we know who doesn't care about the
docket kids I'm thinking about that
puppet puppet you're the puppet and no
puppet you're the puppet moment during
the debates with Hillary Clinton that's
another one of his tales and Marissa the
there's an accumulation here III mean
Rush Limbaugh didn't talk about all of
these things that we just talked about
in the introduction but and you know and
Rush Limbaugh has been married I think a
little bit more often than Donald Trump
and so he's not going to go in to these
stories about the women that have been
getting bigger and bigger all week but
there's a wait there's a a publicly
observable weight to being a Trump
cheerleader and and and today that wait
you could see was very heavy for Rush
Limbaugh was really hard to carry the
weight of being a trump supporter I get
this idea that he wants to basic reverse
can go back in time is basically saying
let's go back to that moment because we
didn't we'll actually don't we don't
want to seek not only the açaí strip but
we also don't want the chaos but I think
it speaks to a larger problem that the
Republicans are going to have and that
is that Americans in general all voters
they don't like this chaos they don't
like this feeling of instability and so
we see a wave election even in
Pennsylvania for example where it was
gerrymander to be for a Republican and
have a Democrat win that is telling us
that the American people regardless of
party they don't like this instability
Routh Don McGann wants out big surprise
and I the the notion in in this leak
about him wanting to resign the idea
that he's going to wait until the proper
replacement is found
it's they're not lining up for this job
and it's hard for me to believe that he
would actually feel the need to wait
that long if it takes that long well it
I haven't a hard time actually
generating a lot of sympathy for Don
McGann he kind of knew what he was
getting into he signed up for it he
enabled an enormous amount of it I have
a particular dog in this fight because I
wrote earlier this week about the
non-disclosure agreement that the White
House Council it's not just rough you
got the scoop the most extraordinary
scoop about what's going on in there
that Donald Trump actually thought this
was like Trump Tower I can make everyone
sign non-disclosure agreements McGann
helped come up with what he thinks are
ineffectual the great thing you can say
about Don Magan having lost this fight
with Donald Trump not to have this
non-disclosure agreement maybe he drew
up one that was kind of legally feckless
right I'm not what you want in your
white house counsel I've known a lot of
White House counsel's big disappointment
but as with everybody else
who is a replacement in the Donald Trump
White House God knows the next one could
be worse yeah but he's been but he has
been efficient he basically has been the
one that ahead of the deregulation he's
the he's also been the one that has
place and really identified the bench
for the next 20 years by placing young
young lawyer X's we want young judges
and federal benches so he's basically
came in to do what he wanted and that is
unraveled with the institution and the
federal government that we have and
Marcus thanks for being with us tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
