being one tonight as he touted defense
spending in the 1.3 trillion dollar
budget bill Donald Trump described the
impressive capabilities of the f-35
fighter jet 90 f-35 aircraft that's the
most sophisticated aircraft in the world
jet fighters total stealth they're hard
to find they're hard to see therefore
they're hard to beat it's very tough to
beat a plane when you can't see it okay
but Trump didn't mean you literally
can't see it right I mean he can't thank
you it's actually invisible right well
that's thing too in 60 seconds the f-35
stealth fighter jet is undetectable by
radar
so when Trump says you can't see it
clearly he means on radar right well
here he is here it was yesterday when he
misidentified Lockheed Martin CEO
Marilyn Hewson as Marilyn Lockheed I may
ask Marilyn Lockheed the leading woman's
business executive in this country
according to many and we buy billions
and billions of dollars worth of that
beautiful f-35 it's stealth you cannot
see it is that correct
better be correct right but wait let's
try to give us a charitable
interpretation Trump cannot possibly be
saying you literally can't see it how do
they do it fights with the f-35 said we
do very well you can't see it you
literally you can't see it so it's hard
to fight a plane that you can't see
right
but that's an expensive play that you
can't see well alrighty then you
literally cannot see it kind of like a
Star Trek cloaking device which was
actually Romulan technology that the
Federation used from time to time or
maybe Trump was thinking about Wonder
Woman's invisible plane but you wouldn't
want to have visible people inside the
invisible plane now would you defeat the
purpose whatever the case the f-35 is
almost like an invisible fighter almost
particularly the f-35 fighter jet which
is you know almost like an invisible
fighter I was asking the Air Force guys
I said how good is this plane they said
well so you can't see it I said yeah but
in a fight you know a fight like I
watched on the movies the fight they're
fighting how good is it say well wins
every time because the enemy cannot see
it even if it's right next to it it
can't see it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
