for the first time I can tell you there
are reports tonight the Bob Miller is
tracing the campaign email hacks back to
a person inside the Kremlin we don't
know if that means any new charges at
any point but this is different because
until tonight
as you may know from watching the news
all of Muller's indictments and most
reporting on this probe left all of the
emails to the side
that's important because stealing emails
just like stealing files and Watergate
is a crime and The Daily Beast is
reporting the person who hacked the
Democrats was working for Putin
specifically for his military Intel
service to GRU at their Moscow
headquarters which brings the probe to
Putin's door and raises new questions
about longtime Trump adviser Roger stone
who said he was in touch with that same
hacker though at the time they were
obviously not public reports about this
link now even if you stipulate maybe
there was no collusion the investigation
hasn't determined that yet this Putin
link alone would put more pressure on
any logical president to stand up to
Putin's interference the u.s. now has
the Malheur indictment on Russian
interference and these new reports on
Russian theft and the indictment said
Russia a lot had never said Putin in the
most brazen part of this whole story
though consider the most suspicious
behavior that we think any security
adviser or lawyer would advise the
president not to do but he keeps
suspiciously assisting Putin to deny
these types of allegations I believe
that President Putin really feels and he
feels strongly that he did not meddle in
our election what he believes is what he
believes and they do not represent the
government I could not care less they do
not represent the interests of the
Russian state maybe they're not even
Russians maybe they're Ukrainians Tatars
Jews just with Russian citizenship even
that needs to be checked maybe they have
dual citizenship or maybe a green card
it was a navy it was the Americans who
paid them for this work how do you know
I don't know maybe a green card quite a
fancy legal phrase there and it's
actually pretty glaring tonight because
Trump's foreign digital firm is under
review by Muller and a new British
search warrant order after a
hidden video that showed all of these
bad things they did and these new
allegations that the company's foreign
staff were actually warned about the
legal risks of playing around in our
American campaigns which you know
involves like getting a green card and
working here now let's get to it
there's a former employee of that
digital firm you may have heard of by
now he's the whistleblower who joined me
for that special interview last night
and in the interview he actually
advanced this story telling us not only
did those foreigners work he said on US
campaigns but they were warned about the
legal risk of doing that by Rudy
Giuliani's law firm Rudy Giuliani's law
firm actually sent us a memo to to Steve
Barron Rebecca Merson Alexander Nicks
that actually outlined the fact that in
the United States you cannot run
campaigns with foreign citizens who
aren't permanent residents and the
company was warned that Alexander Nicks
should recuse himself of substantive
management duties Giuliani warned the
people you named during the campaign his
law firm Rudy Giuliani's law firm during
the campaign and your view is they
ignored those warnings they did they
completely disregarded it
ignoring that kind of warning and a
legal memo that your own digital firm
requested that's not nothing now to
verify those allegations of course we
wanted to see the memo so we asked for
it and tonight I can tell you on TV for
the first time we got it this is not
some low-level paperwork this is from
the law firm of one of Donald Trump's
earliest allies Rudy Giuliani addressing
one of trumps biggest donors and his
future campaign manager and the now
suspended CEO of this controversial firm
let me show you what we got he warned
them this firm not to do something that
the whistleblower told us they went on
to do NBC investigative reporter Anna
Schecter obtained this memo and she's
been reporting out the impact at the
firm the lawyers directly advising
Mercer Bannen and Nix right there in
2014 telling them that Nix should avoid
the possibility of breaking US law and
thus recuse himself from substantive
management of
American campaigns and clients involved
in US elections also warning him that
the analysis of Cambridge's trove of
data should be conducted by wait for it
US citizens now this was all before the
2016 Trump campaign to be clear and a
source telling NBC right now that
Cambridge embedded foreigners in other
congressional races the whistleblower
Christopher Wiley tells us this was
actually common with up to 20 foreigners
working on these GOP congressional races
now Cambridge continues to deny their
CEO did play the kind of strategic or
operational role that the firm
Giuliani's firm was telling him not to
play and I want to be very clear about
what we have and what we don't know yet
it will take a lot more investigation to
even estimate whether Cambridge
disregarding this advice and this one
secret memo that we have whether
disregarding it actually led to the
violation of any laws indeed that's what
Muller and this new British search may
begin to assess but let's widen out all
of this news comes on a night when
Putin's links to felonious hacking in
the u.s. are more public than ever as
Trump taps this new National Security
Advisor John Bolton who has a duty to
give the president the facts on these
threats posed by Putin even if Trump
likes Putin and he has a duty to share
the national security risks that may be
posed by Cambridge analytical's new
newly understood role in our politics
even if Trump hired them but come to
think of it that's something these two
men actually have in common because John
Bolton super PACs spent over a million
dollars employing Cambridge analytic and
using their data I'm joined now by Bill
Kristol founder net at large the Weekly
Standard former US ambassador to Russia
Michael McFaul and former federal
prosecutor Joyce Vance and bill I begin
with you with a question that we often
ask after we go through that many facts
what the what I think Russia was more
involved in the 2016 election and maybe
the 2014 elections directly or
indirectly then people have wanted to
believe and there were some connections
to firms that were connected I guess to
the Trump campaign is that a fair way to
say it yeah it doesn't prove collusion
it doesn't prove that Donald Trump knew
this was
they know but it's real it's real and
incidentally what are the Republican
talking points these days on the hill is
well Russia warned maybe they metals
they just wanted to cause chaos they
didn't want Trump to win that I think is
not credible it's very clear from public
and public statements as well as things
we've discovered that Putin preferred
Trump to Clinton right you made out of
affected the result you may have we
don't know we don't know how much
cooperation there was with the Trump
campaign there I always come back to the
why is Trump so defensive why the cover
we know the the misleading statements
put out about the Trump Tower meeting
and so forth if there was no problem if
Trump just you know if they were doing
stuff that revenue nothing about why why
why does he hate this investigation so
much ambassador McFaul what's your view
of all these links that we just put
together I agree with Bill I and I want
to underscore two pieces and what he
just said about that this shows more
conclusively than before that the
Russians were trying to help Trump win
right listen for 2.0 the one that you
talked about the the alleged hacker that
now it sounds like we know was working
for the GRU he was hacking the DNC only
for technical reasons there's some sort
of sound issue we're gonna fix it Joyce
I'll put the same question its
television Joyce I'll put the same
question you will come back the
Ambassador what do you think about these
links the linkages will be really
interesting for the Moller investigation
because we have to remember that what
Muller is looking at these basic
questions law enforcement tries to
answer are who what when where and why
and so this who question that that bill
raises who was involved
what did Trump know about what was going
on this is really what all of these
linkages will force Muller to for to
focus on trying to figure out did Trump
or anyone else at the top of the
campaign know about gusoff er know about
the connection in the Cambridge analytic
a--from all of this data and the use of
foreign workers and if so is Trump
ultimately responsible for some of this
illegal conduct or what appears to be
illegal conduct enjoys well I'm talking
to you in in the legal Lane and I think
the ambassador's doing a mic check and
that's what we do sometimes on the
you got to get your mic working before
you can drop your analysis but but Joyce
I want to ask you and I want to play for
you something that Randi credit Co was
saying on this show as well about Roger
stone so much has happened this week
this gusoff our news today is
interesting because in all fairness to
Roger and everyone else it's news that
he's linked back to the the Putin forces
so that means it wasn't actually known
at the time and fairness but this was a
person Roger said he was in contact with
along with Assange and all of this other
digital activity and the Malheur probe
as I remind people sometimes is at
bottom a digital investigation take a
listen to Trump Trump advisor Roger
stones associate Randi credit go and
he's denying denying that he gave the
inside information that Assange had
claimed well on August 8 you have stone
saying that he communicated with Assange
and that a tranche of Clinton email
documents would come out in this
so-called October surprise that's August
8 are you saying by referencing this
timeline that that's not something that
stone could have gotten from you at that
time you're you know what you're gonna
do a tricky dick Richard Nixon on me I
want to come right back and do some
impressions with you I know you're doing
it impression we're making are you
buying
are you buying time where you tell me is
a trickster well I just don't
moves around it says a lot of different
things
I think his memory is selective but you
just said he moves around yes you're
moving around
I read you the statement is it true or
false I'll read it again if you want go
ahead read it against is that issue in a
criminal probe regarding a lot of
important things from the end of July
through August until the end of
September credit Cohan sister two songs
was about to publish this material on
the Democrats which Randi described as
devastating to Hillary is that true or
false false that's false so Hodgins
don't worry Maya is he lying I think
Roger is lying as
memory right here Joyce tie it all
together and then to the Ambassador
Roger stone had remarkably good
information about what was coming out of
WikiLeaks he predicted that John Podesta
would have his time in the barrel and
sure enough it came true so the issue
the legal issue here is whether stone
who whether he's willing to acknowledge
it or not was clearly having contact
with Russian linked folks and people who
were working with Russians whether that
linkage was apparent to anyone in the
Trump Organization and and this is
obviously the question that's underlined
under Lane this investigation from the
start it's digital
people are interfacing anonymously do
they know who everyone that they're
talking to is with stone it seems
remarkably unlikable he didn't what did
he relate to the people in the campaign
and whom did he have those conversations
with well an ambassador I know you're a
fan of the fugees who always say to many
MCS not enough mics that was our problem
I think you have a working mic and we're
all eager to hear any analysis you have
on all of the above well I just wanted
to underscore two things that bill said
earlier that this is further evidence of
Russian intentions right it's not just
that they were trying to mess around in
our elections but one it was the
Russians that stole the emails and then
publish them to help Trump against
Clinton and whether it determine the
election nobody thinks that but did it
have no impact absolutely not that's
ludicrous to argue that the WikiLeaks
dump had no impact on the election and
number two you're pulling on the thread
but we need to keep pulling on it but
looking at what Cambridge analytic Adid
well how they shared their data with
other people and how that may have hand
ended up at some point into the hands of
Russians also seeking to do targeted
advertisement that is a threat I think
we need to keep pulling on and again
showing that there we're trying to help
one side and hurt the other side mm-hmm
stay with me I want to add into this
conversation my special guest Howell
Raines he's a former executive editor of
the New York Times and an MSNBC News
analyst as well as Christina Greer from
NYU's Mick silver Institute
and the panel will stay with me but on
on the wider probe here when you look at
this how your view of what's coming out
and some of it from your former paper
the times as well as our partners in at
ITN and Britain and others have blown
open the story in a way that's affected
the Trump administration Cambridge
Facebook which has lost fifty billion in
stock value where do you see this going
well first I think this panel has laid
out this story in a really even-handed
way and I think the Times story today
about the connections involving
Cambridge analytical and John Bolton and
the whole chain of people who are
connected to that Nexus is the critical
development in this story and I must say
The Times had one of the most
extraordinary headlines today I remember
seeing in my long years there and after
another week of chaos Trump heads to
Palm Beach no one knows what comes next
that's not editorializing that's a very
good description of the reality of
Washington today and we're into
new territory with this can bridge
analytical GRU connection as for Roger
stone I've known in many years he can
put things in a convoluted and tricky
way but he has almost always in my
experience talked to the people he said
he's talked to so I think a number of
these threads to use the ambassador's
metaphor are being pulled on and this is
an extraordinary moment not only do we
see this international intrigue around
our most fundamental democratic
processes but we're also seeing at the
same time this amazing political theater
of government by tantrum you put it you
put it quite well in something Christina
Greer who joins our panel has also
discussed because she's talked about
what she's characterised as a kind of
young or adolescent emotional
vulnerability in the president Christina
I wonder if you would build on that
point and let me throw in to build on
Howells observation about Roger stone a
quote from him back in 2016 when he said
it doesn't seem the Russians hack the
DNC instead a hacker who goes by the
name goose' 42.0 suggesting either he
was very gullible or giving himself to
self-proclaimed dirty trickster rep he
was helping them with the cover-up
Christina I think it's pretty clear that
so many people in this particular
administration knew something whether or
not they knew everything doesn't really
matter right now but I mean the
interesting point to me is what does
robert muller know right it seems as
though as journalists and political
scientists and analysts we're all
pulling on these threads to see which
one will be the thread that sort of
unravels the whole thing the question is
does robert muller have that thread
already right i mean he's clearly been
doing his due diligence and very
methodically thinking about russia
thinking about following the money
thinking about all these different
people who were involved in the campaign
process the reason why it's so important
and I know that Donald Trump's base
doesn't really think that this is a
story and they keep calling it a nothing
burger or whatever it may be and
unfortunately members of the House and
members of Congress writ large don't
really see this as a problem
however we have to realize we actually
have some elections coming up with in
New York in June in September and even
November across the country so we have
435 members of the House who are up for
election re-election we have one third
of the Senate so thirty-three
individuals up for re-election and so if
Russia did metal it does matter because
we have free and fair elections your
last time I checked and so when we have
an executive who behaves as though you
know a tantrum King if you will but the
the issue that we really must
consistently check is that we have the
executive branch that is abdicating to
these Tantrums and not really upholding
the law the law by saying they don't
they don't just work for the president
they work for the American people and
they have an oath i want to i want to
get joyce in also on the other big news
which is the lawyers we could put up on
the screen all these changes you see
there dow doubt casa wits who was out
may be coming back then you got the
civil cases relating to the NDA's and
the women which recovering later this
hour and then the rumors about dawn
began walk us through this i'm going to
leave it up on the screen for a moment
walk us through it joyce just what we're
seeing there all those people there's
obviously a lot of instability on the
president's legal team one of the issues
that that seems to reflect is the
president's desire to be his own lawyer
and to cut his own future
there's reporting that he endowed had a
falling out over whether or not the
president would speak with bob muller
directly doubt didn't want him to their
reports that trump has even spoken with
former US attorney joe digenova and
perhaps his wife about having the two of
them come in and represent trump and
then having trump move forward with an
interview with bob muller that's an
event we've all been looking for whether
the president will speak with muller in
an informal interview or in front of a
grand jury that really is one of the
events that this investigation has been
moving towards and this shake-up in the
president's legal team may have a big
impact on when that happens and what
form that interview will take right hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
