let me finish tonight where the thought
about these young people coming to
Washington on a totally different note I
like to say to families planning trips
here coming vacation in Washington
because you already paid for this I'm
referring to the monuments and museums
that are open to the public for free
they're really wonderful opportunities
to learn about our history as a country
our art that really take pride in a
truly beautiful capitol city but there's
also right every American has to come to
Washington business that business being
our right as a citizens to petition the
Congress to say what we've got to say
that's how I represents what we want
them to do and this Saturday hundreds of
thousand maybe five hundred thousand
high school kids will be here to both
enjoy this city though it's a little bit
early a bit cold for a senior class trip
and have their voices heard on a matter
particularly close to them their safety
especially when they're at school I
think this is all great great for the
young people great for the country too
habits youth so enthusiastic to
participate is strengthening our public
dialogue at least would have come and
gone the elected officials on Capitol
Hill well know what this new generation
has to say about guns and their rightful
role in our society and also the rights
of society with respect to guns let's
hope it matters hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
