we are broadcasting live from Washington
night ahead of what many say could be a
historic day tomorrow over a million
people are the estimates that may be
partaking in this March for our lives
this is organized by students from
parkland Florida after that terrible
mass murder massacre left 17 of their
classmates and teachers dead DC Ground
Zero but as I say the marches are all
over the place all over America and the
world more than eight hundred cities
fifty states or if you're doing the
political math hundreds of congressional
districts back with me is vic mensa who
i mentioned is one of the artists
performing at this march tomorrow as
well as kevin triose a senior and
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School a
Kevin what does this mean to you
tomorrow yeah well I mean it's it's our
time that we're saying look enough is
enough we're here we want we're at the
Capitol and we want gun reform we want
people to add funding for mental health
we want to fix the background check
system why has it been so lacks for so
long and this is also important to us
and it's a it's something that could
have prevented what happened at our
school and how do you feel when you see
so many of your fellow students leading
leading adults as many people have noted
I'm proud of them I mean if it weren't
for them that we wouldn't be being heard
because hopefully their voices end up
being something substantial enough that
that lawmakers actually decide to do
something finally Vic you have a
following people listen to you they
listen to your music what made you get
involved in this I just think it's
unnecessary that our nation be plagued
by gun violence in the way it is my
father's from Ghana Ghana had
single-digit homicides last year you
know it's a small country but even in
put in perspective for gravida yet and
you know in perspective with with
American society it's just completely
unnecessary so when I my management told
me that there were a part of this
organizing and I was you know very
adamant that I wanted to
to be here I want to ask you something
as a cultural leader some viewers know
that I kind of like rap you are a rapper
so I think you might like rap some rap
does glorify violence and guns and I
wonder what you think about that as
you're clearly setting a very different
message for the people who follow you I
think which we have to remember is that
this is America and this nation was
built on blood this nation was built on
the backs of slaves on the bones of
Native Americans and this nation became
a global superpower through slave picked
cotton and tobacco and the violence is
very much in part a reason that America
is as powerful as it is and if you
create these situations you create these
inner-city ghettos with no possibility
of upward mobility and redline the
communities and you put these weapons in
proximity people commit proximity crime
you know and they're they're describing
I think that music is describing what
what they know around them it's not like
they've recreated the wheel of something
right there's they're spinning stories
about origins I want to get ultra
violent yeah I want to get Kevin as well
what do you want to say to that building
behind us to this Congress that people
say both parties have done so little on
gun control get up I mean I don't know
they Congress is slow but they're being
a little bit too slow this is literally
like they're shooting after shooting
after shooting and it shouldn't have to
take it to get to our school for them to
actually do something why is it taking
it so long I mean this should have been
done after I don't know Columbine or
especially after Sandy Hook
so I mean today I saw the news that that
they're finally gonna ban bumps talks
but like why we being legal in the first
place it doesn't even make sense yeah so
this I mean I hope we just kind of seem
roll from here and keep going and get
more laws passed what will be
fifteen fan ar-15 hands down let me say
this because I know you got to end the
segment I want to say that this gets
overlooked and it gets packaged every
time we talk about this the ar-15 with
the bump stocks with the background
checks main probably already banned
assault rifles there's no need for them
that needs to be the main priority
that's what we have to push for we will
be watching you tomorrow cuz MSNBC is
covering this live all day and there may
be a lot of eyes on both of you who are
leading this so I commend you for
helping explain to us what you're doing
why you're doing it both of you Kevin
and Vic thank you very much hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
