he's the director of the national trade
council and one of the presidents top
economic advisors mr. Navarro welcome to
the show
it's you mr. to let me start first with
what what we saw just want to ask you
about how about white house is operating
right now is John Kelly still running
the west wing or is the president is it
more of an open process now John Kelly's
running a little running the West Wing
we have staff meetings three times a
week and there one very orderly fashion
we go about our business and life is
good and we're doing great things and
they let you have more access to the
president now than you did say three
months ago it's not a question to access
the issue is when the president needs
your advice he calls you and you come
and you provide that advice usually
before were you prevented from providing
some of that money
well let's put this we're at a tough
first 50 days okay but there was a was a
time where president wanted to move
forward a little bit faster on the trade
policy and we began to do what's been
some great things on trade I mean don't
forget on day one on the first business
day we got out of the trans-pacific
partnership which would have been very
damaging to our manufacturing base we
initiated the renegotiation of NAFTA
after a president can't presidential
candidates presidents that promised to
do so many times before we are on the
verge Chuck and this is a bit bit of
news for you because the president spoke
about this as press conference it looks
like we may be able to renegotiate
successfully that awful awful South
Korean HELOC about 2012 and I'll tell
you what that is an achievement in it of
itself right let me let me know the good
stuff getting dire I and I know with
trade you have some unusual potential
allies on this this is not your normal
your backup I won't ask you about a
comment you made to Bloomberg because it
was referenced earlier by one of my
guests you said this is the president's
vision my function really as an
economist is to try to provide the
underlining analytics that confirm his
intuition and his tuition is always
right in these matters president is
always right on economic matters
I mean or your user he never wants the
owner factual's it's extraordinary to me
how intuitive he is about particularly
the economics of trade I'll give you an
example for example is his proposal is
intuition with Canada was totally wrong
but let me give you an example if I may
okay during the campaign his intuition
told him that a forty five percent
tariff on all Chinese goods was policy
he wanted to pursue I had done actually
an analytical work some years before
that estimated the costs of the unfair
advantages that accrued to China by all
their unfair trade practices and it was
about 43 percent so he gets the
magnitude and scale and I think I think
the people are missing about this
president is both the courage and the
vision he's had to move forward on
issues I mean let's let's talk about
this China I want to break it up because
the timing of this we have very low
unemployment we have wage growth for the
that's increasing by the month is this
the time to start it's time to do this a
time to start a trade war yeah you know
the for every time a pundit said trade
war to try to stir things up that's not
what we're doing right so that said he
clear in a track yeah but let's be clear
about what we're doing here we are
defending ourselves
strategically against a strategic
mission by China to acquire the
intellectual property and technologies
of the world and how do I know this
because if you look at the Chinese 2006
medium to long range plan for science
technology they identify every major
sector of the economy of the economy of
the future and they tell us exactly how
they're going to go about getting that
technology from us and from the rest of
the world in China 2025 is a manifesto
basically take those interesting I've no
doubt but what are you gonna use what is
our not because because if you look at
the press coverage of this virtually
everybody now agrees that China is both
stealing our intellectual property and
they're forcing the transfer of that in
exchange for market access in other
words if you
an American company and hang on yeah if
you're in America look no I hope America
need to understand this if you're an
American company and you go to China and
you want to have access to the market
you have to have a joint venture where
you're a minority partner and you have
to give them your technology now the
American corporations have done that in
the past because it means short run
profits but when you give them your
technology they become a competitor in
the market in China first and then reach
it and then regionally and then globally
and you're out of business I ask you
this what the president is trying to
stop what do you say to your friends
Club for Growth and that worldview on
trade that's it friends and my Club for
Growth I know I put friends we're all
friends I get quotes for you meaning
this though but your other a lot of
Republicans believe this that you by
doing tariffs you're picking winners and
losers you're deciding who wins and who
loses in the economy which is about is
is unfree market as you come up with
which isn't what the Republican Party
has been running on for the last Donald
Trump when he was candidate Trump ran
against 16 Republican I know he ran
against them did not support his trade
policies and guess what he got elected
then then he went ahead and beat a
Democrat who was a globalist free trader
as well so what does that tell you it
tells you that the American people are a
lot smarter than the people in the swamp
and so here's what the president but if
our economic unemployment is down
president's vision and we have glory I
understand that but there in reciprocal
trade now let's talk about tariffs what
is the function of tariffs we put
tariffs on washing machines and solar
panels in January what has happened
we've had a flood of foreign investment
coming in to build factories here to
build solar and washing machines steel
and aluminum tariffs we just put those
in and what's happened we're on the
verge because of that of getting a
historic landmark deal with South Korea
partly because of that initiative on our
cat so Rallo why are the markets problem
so there's a lot of things going on from
the markets I was a financial analyst
for CNBC for many years I was sitting
there
Wednesday watching the the crawler on
the financial news network saying China
is getting terrorist this and that the
market was up 200 points the Fed
Chairman got on and as soon as he got on
and announced three rate hikes by the
end of the year that market went
straight down then you had the Facebook
issues point Chuck is that there's a
bunch of things that go on in the stock
market you know once things start to go
down you get the program traders in
here's the thing this president has a
vision deregulation tax cuts low energy
prices balancing our trade which is the
foundation for the strongest economic
growth you're gonna see ever Peter
Navarro sivanna me unfortunately out of
time
oh that's too much fun I would love to
try to finish this conversation but my
EP is going to have my I gotta have you
back all right all right Peter Navarro I
appreciate you coming on my presence
views we'll be right back hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
