with dr. this assertion that the
president made that it was Democrats who
kept it out of the bill any truth to
that well they wouldn't make a deal that
is accurate on daca but the question is
why Craig so taking a step back just
recall that it was president Trump the
Trump administration that tried to end
the daca program at the beginning of
March they were blocked by a federal
court so now it gets kicked to the
Supreme Court and effectively that
federal court said daca has to stay in
place until this gets figured out so all
of the leverage that the president had
effectively went away Democrats had no
incentive to sit down and strike a deal
on da cup because the program remains in
place and their calculation craig is
that they'll get a better deal after
2018 after the midterms when they think
they are going to win somehow some seats
if not take back control of the house
and possibly the Senate so that's the
political calculation on the part of
Democrats President Trump I think
concerned that he is going to be left
holding the bag on this that he will pay
a political price on this issue and
that's why you saw that very forceful
defense from the president saying look
Republicans stand with you daca
recipients Democrats wouldn't come to
the table and bargain with us but of
course that's going to be arguably a
tough argument out on the campaign trail
when it was the Trump administration
that initially came out and said look
this program not lawful by an executive
order we've got to get it dealt with
legislatively so that a key issue and
then that very strong pre Buttle as you
pointed out Craig the president's saying
this funds the military I was forced to
sign this bill into law because it funds
the military but saying he will never
sign another bill like this that adds so
much money to the federal deficit saying
no one is more disappointed than me
Craig President Trump also there at one
point all right it was interesting to
see the president because clearly he had
his prepared text in front of him and
President Trump doing what he has been
prone to do since he was a candidate
he'll read something for a while and
then he'll sort of veer off and they
don't come back to his notes and then he
veers off again
during one of those veer off moments
President Trump called for an end to the
filibuster rule in the upper chamber
we've heard him do that before it was
also interesting to hear President Trump
called for a line-item veto
interesting to hear him call for it
because the Supreme Court of the United
States struck down the line-item veto
back in back in the late 90s he's not
the first president who has wanted that
power Senator Barbara Boxer of course a
Democrat from California senator boxer I
saw you there listening to the
president's statement what do you make
of what we heard from President Trump I
I could tell you serving with five
presidents three Republicans and two
Democrats this was unprecedented to see
a president ramble all over the place
and basically used this moment when
frankly Democrats and Republicans did
come together whether you like this or
not the final product they came together
he was so ungracious he used his
platform for a partisan attack and and
the other point that was amazing is what
he didn't say this is a huge budget deal
it does include money for education for
jobs for job training for Social
Security for Medicare for health care
it's as if he doesn't believe that the
Constitution requires that the
government provide not only for the
common defense but to promote the
general welfare and establish justice
and domestic tranquility he doesn't get
it and I was just frankly rolling my
eyes over it
because it was shocking to see him use
this position in that way as a partisan
moment our jig sherman has joined this
Jake Sherman of course covers the hill
for Politico and Jake it would seem as
if President Trump perhaps heard our
conversation on the air yesterday the
president's first criticism of the bill
after calling it ridiculous was that
well who can read that quickly
president Trump pointing to pointing not
just to the size and scope of the
legislation
but but the fact that perhaps the only
Senator Rand Paul actually dug into it
did you hear that part Jake I did I was
listening to the whole thing I want to
say one thing on that though the White
House was I'm not excusing I think it's
a lot of people up here have complained
to me listen we've only had 24 hours to
read a twenty two hundred page bill it's
a legitimate criticism by the way it's
something that Republicans told us they
would not do so if you hold them to that
standard it's also Falls a bit short but
that being said the White House was in
these negotiations so to pretend like
they were surprised by any element of
this bill is not really on the level
because they were up here they were
involved in the conversations their
legislative staff was and if the
president doesn't know what's in the
bill then that's probably the fault of
his legislative staff who's not
informing him what's in the bill but I
think this underscores another episode
we saw this during tax reform we saw
this during health care we've seen this
a bunch of times is that only the
president could speak for the president
and his aides are empowered to go cut
deals but at the end of the day he's the
one with the say Michael Steele we are
starting to get in some some reaction
here to the to the president's statement
there this is according to our Peter
Alexander a senior Democratic
congressional aide just called the
president's remarks there in the
diplomatic room quote the craziest damn
thing I've ever seen how would you
characterize what we just heard from
President Trump
oh there was a bit of crazy-long on
there I mean it looked but I agree with
Senator boxer here that you know this
was a moment where despite how you got
here the the one thing you can't take
away from it is that Democrats and
Republicans came around a bill the
president's legislative team as was just
noted was part of the conversation
this president took the podium as if
this was the first time he found out
what was in the bill this you know a
hundred and twenty eight billion dollar
increase in domestic spending 160
billion dollar increase in military
spending
that's a negotiated settlement that's
what that is both sides coming together
to make something happen here and I
think the president undermine the
process is hard enough to get dinner
had some Republicans to work together in
a typical year in a very partisan
election year with a lot on the line in
November to do this I think was a big
step so I know a lot of folks in the
White House are disappointed they're not
going to say so publicly but privately
the disappointed that the president
started calling this ridiculous on the
outset become the alleged Sherman
standing by force as well there on the
hill Jake the president's threat that
he'll never do this again he'll never
sign another bill like this is that a
threat that is likely to be received on
the hill by lawmakers seriously no and I
don't know what like this means will he
never sign a 2,200 page bill maybe
that's kind of an irrelevant metric will
he never sign a bill that just came out
24 hours ago maybe because there are
ways to rig the process that it's not a
last-minute type deal that you have a
week to get this done I will say just
this underscores for the White House and
I think the people that I've talked to
in the White House are not really wise
to this Democrats electoral prospects
are as good as they've been in a long
time if Democrats take the House of
Representatives this fall like many
people think they will although it's
certainly not for sure at this point
he's gonna have these kinds of fights
magnified by a million because he's
gonna be in legislate its legislative
warfare with Democrats who holds
completely different views who are not
looking to boost military spending by
the largest amount in history who are
not looking to do to build a wall in the
southern border with Mexico if Democrats
take the house he really needs to get
used to compromise because this bill and
if you talk to a band leadership and
members of leadership on Capitol Hill
this was a relatively mild
piece of legislation that put aside all
the really tough issues like daca
like a ton of other issues that were on
the table for the last couple months so
this is a reality that the White House
should get used to because it's only
going to get more difficult from here
Republicans majority if it doesn't go
away could easily shrink so I just think
that this is something that the White
House might want to get accustomed to at
least Jordan following up on Jake's
point there let's just assume that
Democrats to take back control of it
one house if not both houses of Congress
after the midterms what would that then
mean for this president's legislative
agenda what would that didn't mean for
this president style well you look at
how he already has not had much success
with legislation and he controls both
houses and at the end of the day he is
the fundamental law gem to the process
because he is not informed about what
his own policy actually is and then he
up up ends the process quite frequently
it happened with health care it happened
you know with the surveillance reform it
happened with you just this morning with
this outburst before the bills actually
being signed so you look at the prospect
that this is going to be smoother when
he doesn't have as much power and
doesn't have the house and that
certainly is not going to happen right
at least Jordan thank you and a big
thanks to all of our our panel members
who stuck around with us for the hour
Michael Steele Barbara Boxer Steve
Clemens Dana Millbank our correspondents
as well and again President Trump
despite that veto threat made just a few
hours ago you saw him just a few moments
ago here on the air signing that 1.3
trillion dollar spending bill but he did
so it would seem as if he did some under
duress citing national security concerns
as the primary reason that he signed
that bill hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
