Julia let's talk about the the lawyers
and the shake-up and digenova is in
doubt as out and Bannon says this is
Donald Trump going to war with robert
muller i mean what he's doing it's 2018
i said this the other day is just
getting it's gonna be 2017 on steroids
it's gonna be Trump year than 2017 I
think you're absolutely right Katie I
mean as we've reported last night what
this means in terms of the shake-up on
the legal team is that they're preparing
way for the president to get ready for a
Moeller interview which is what we know
John doubt spent blood sweat and tears
avoiding he wanted it to be very
calculated he wanted questions that they
could respond and written answers to
we're in a totally different zone with
this legal team with Joe digenova he's
going to want to let the president be
unleashed to speak to Miller which
really could end up I mean we're all
shaking her head that sounds like the
last thing we wish smaller what he's
going to discuss they're going to
discover that Butler's demands are
unreasonable and they're not gonna speak
to Muller and they gotta fire mother on
the attack that the way they've gone on
the attack I should introduce you Julie
are we gonna see more of the president
going after Robert Muller on Twitter and
his legal team going after Robert Muller
and why did John Dowd come out over the
weekend and trash Muller and the
investigation only to resign a couple
days later well I think the key between
the trashing and the resignations was
when John Dowd walked it back a little
bit we saw him go further with The Daily
Beast and then with everyone else said
oh that's just my opinion based on the
merits of things that I'm seeing I think
that a president didn't like that he
walked that back he wants somebody who's
gonna stick to that Joe digenova as you
point out has already done that on cable
news he's saying this is all a
conspiracy theory that's further than
John Dowd ever went so he doesn't want
that white-shoe careful lawyer anymore
but it is crazy if we go back through
John doubts history on this legal team I
mean he's the one who took that fall
when the president tweeted that he knew
Flint had lied to the FBI
John doubt took the fall time and time
again made it look like he was the one
blundering to cover up for the
president's blunders Joe digenova might
just own it
there's also reporting in Vanity Fair
that Donald Trump's friends have been
quote stoking his desire to go on the
offensive for months Trump has heard
that his lawyers are quote idiots that
Muller's probe is a quote coup d'etat
and that trumps only crime is having
quote won the election Adrienne why
would you listen to your friends over
your lawyers why even bother to have a
legal team exactly exactly and I think
look what we just saw the breaking news
about Trump and maybe vetoing the
Omnibus this is exactly why his legal
team does not want him talking to Muller
you never know what's going to come out
of this guy's mouth you know he could
say one thing one day and something else
completely different the next day he's
not credible you can't trust what he's
gonna say you don't know if he's going
to say something that is incorrect that
he's actually gonna go in there and lie
so I think that's exactly why the legal
team does not want him going into a
conversation with Robert Moeller is the
kind of forest in the trees I think you
know it's there's so much chaos and so
much craziness he's gonna get obsessed
with each day's zig and zag but
underneath it he's been pretty
consistent in certain ways both and sort
of what he would like to do in foreign
policy finding people who are going to
accommodate that rather than stop him I
think a traffic master we will learn
from the historians might prevent that a
lot of foolish things from happening it
was a pretty admirable national security
adviser but what has he been obsessed
with from the beginning of his
presidency the mauler well the FBI
investigation and then when Comey gets
fired the Moller probe and what does he
want to do he wants to stop it he wants
to impede it he wants to limit it and
now I think at the end of the day he
wants to stop it and I think that will
override I mean well he'll have faints
in one direction or another yeah he's
been pretty consistent on that and I
don't see why he just won't go ahead I
think and the reason is that he's
foolish the reason is that he's scared
of what Muller is going to that is what
I wanted to point out I mean is that it
basically a tacit admission that the the
Moller investigation is legitimate is
valid can potentially find things and
the only real strategy that that Donald
Trump and his legal team have is to
discredit them and hope that this plays
out in their favor in the court of
public opinion and that there is not any
criminal action taken against I think
you're I mean we always talk about how
the lawyers are worried that he would
commit perjury but I think they're
actually also worried he could tell the
truth I mean we don't actually talk
about that one as often but there are a
lot of things that Donald Trump could
say about his trip to Moscow in 2013
about his business
stealing's about what he knew about the
emails I mean there are so many
questions they could ask him that could
really put him on the spot and right
we're entering into this territory where
he's getting anxious and he wants us
around himself with friends rather than
competent legal advisors we've even
heard mark Kassovitz might be playing a
larger role his former personal lawyer
who isn't as experienced as these other
people but he's been a longtime trusted
friend and lawyer to Donald Trump and he
would want to surround himself with
somebody like that now as it's getting
closer to this point going back to the
Omnibus I know we're jumping around a
lot but the Omnibus news is obviously
just breaking bob Corker who has been at
odds with the president a number of
times and also embraces the president
and other times is tweeting please do as
in veto this mr. president I am just
down the street and will bring you a pen
the spending levels without any offsets
are grotesque throwing all of our
children under the bus totally
irresponsible he's no doubt going to
read that tweet he's no doubt going to
be influenced by that tweet maybe maybe
maybe he will be disclosed to supporters
on the hill about it against the bill
Tom cotton a lot of the conservative
senators on the grounds that it is a
huge budget you know it's a lot the
Democrats did get a lot from this bill a
lot of domestic spending if Trump can
veto and I'm both conservative spending
grounds and be nice to daca recipients
grounds I suppose you might think it's
kind of a win for him but in the real
world there will be a certain route of
chaos here but Trump I guess isn't
diverting it isn't a vs2 chaos but maybe
those of us who are conventional and
think gee if the government's going to
shut down and less than 24 hours you
probably should sign this bill that got
passed by basically two to one in both
the House and the Senate maybe that's
just conventional here which I don't
think have we ever had two shutdowns in
one year I
we might now the top if it said because
you're here and because I want to get
your take on Bolton because you do know
him so well
he's a very hawkish on Russia when he
goes in I mean there's a number of
questions asked but let's ask the Russia
question when he goes into the White
House and is the National Security
Advisor is he going to change Trump on
Russia or Trump gonna change him on
Russia he's changed everybody on Russia
yeah that's the key question I was
pretty determined I think to be pretty
nice to Putin and John Bolton has
written quite critically very critically
and hawkish ly about how would you
respond if Donald Trump had the phone
call he had with Putin while Bolton was
there
I think Bolton understands what he's
getting into and he knows that the
national security adviser helps the
president make policy and I think we'll
end up with Trump's foreign policy not
John Bolton's I do want to say that I
think HR McMaster really I mean I have
friends who are in the never Trump side
who no one should go to work for this
president it's terrible it ruins
reputation and there's some truth to
that but I think HR Burcham has to do a
service for the country I mean he
replaced Michael Flynn I think what the
world would look like now if we had a
year of Michael and people are worried
about John Bolton because though he's
been in government for a long time and a
lot of different jobs he hasn't had a
job at this level we've had a boss he's
had a boss III were always if I were
putting together a government I would
watch on post and it actually was I
think he's a useful sort of troublemaker
and pushes the edge on certain things
I'm not sure I'd want him in charge of
my national security apparatus and I've
I think McMaster I mean I everyone I've
talked to who's close to the situation
has a very high regard for what McMaster
did and it's impressive you know he just
chose to retire he could have gotten to
forth stories we started general they
could have arranged things in the
Defense Department to find a post for
him to have a fourth star he just said
you know what I'm serving as long as I
can doing my best for the country and
I'm just gonna recharge
National Security Adviser has been
described as the most influential role
in the White House you're synthesizing
into information intelligence from all
of the agencies and you have the ear of
the President and you can describe it in
the way you want to describe it you can
highlight what you want to highlight it
is a very important very significant
role that has a lot of influence he's
not gonna have somebody above him other
than the president to say maybe we
should push back hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of
other great videos
