yes your personal integrity only you can
relinquish it or allowed to be
compromised once you've done so it is
very very hard to regain it I'd like to
ask that each of you undertake to ensure
one act of kindness each day towards
another person this can be a very
mean-spirited town but you don't have to
choose to participate in that that was
one of the many wheels falling off this
bus as it careens at high speed part of
the outgoing Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson farewell address to the State
Department yesterday notably Tillerson
did not mention President Trump and his
remarks and just talked about the
importance of integrity joining us now
former NATO supreme Allied commander now
the Dean of the Fletcher School of Law
and Diplomacy at Tufts University
retired four-star Navy Admiral James
stavridis he is chief international
security and diplomacy analyst for NBC
News and MSNBC and we are really glad to
have you here this morning Admiral so
John Bolton I want to hear your thoughts
and your concerns if you have any over
the hiring of John Bolton which happened
in a lurch yesterday afternoon this is a
man who called for the pre-emptive
bombing of North Korea this is a
president who has asked the question out
loud in front of me before he became
president why can't we use nukes this is
now a war cabinet that he has in place
and a president who appears to be
beholden to Vladimir Putin so what do
you think the hiring of Bolton and the
firing of McMaster means right now to
the future of America I'm gonna answer
that but first I just want to hit pause
and say one thing about secretary
killers and I thought he nailed it
yesterday and I hope he speaks loudly
and clearly about his 14 months as
Secretary of State because I think the
self respect light went on for secretary
tellers and then what he said was
entirely accurate
we need a lot more attention to
integrity in Washington frankly break
break for Bolton I would say for the
military I have three words sharpen your
swords he is someone who is going to
reach for the military instrument and
when all your problems look like nails
all of a sudden you grab that hammer he
looks at the world as a zero-sum game so
unfortunately the odds go up
significantly pre-emptive action in
Korea a real push in Iran to take away
the nuclear deal and then you've got to
look at how we're going to pressure
China and Russia
that's where the real danger of
high-level confrontation is mica this is
buckle up time well you have to imagine
what our allies are thinking right now
for sure we're all buckling up Jon
Meacham jump in give us a little bit of
a compare and contrast
you now have Pompeo Bolton in an office
where you once said the office is where
you want that Kissinger Rogers Baker
Scowcroft talked us through what you
think that dynamic will mean for our
actual foreign policy and possibly
projections of force yeah I think if you
think about what the national security
apparatus does broadly Jon you know this
better than anybody is it kind of
accomplishes three things it interacts
with our allies and runs this network of
alliances which is our number-one asset
as a nation full stop
that will be under scrutiny if not
attack secondly that national security
apparatus deters our opponents but in a
measured and sensible way and I think
the forward lean toward combat is going
to be extremely concerning and lastly
you look for the national security
apparatus to be kind of guardrails
around the presidency because of the
immense power that's vested in the
executive branch I feel like those
guardrails are kind of drifting god help
us if we lose Jim mattis that's what I
was just about to ask you what will the
dynamic be with mattis at this point is
mattis safe what could be going through
his mind is that probably you don't want
to answer that question but give us a
sense
of the power the National Security
Adviser has I believe on my dad started
it became cabinet-level and the dynamic
with the other generals the ones still
standing yeah I think I see very
troubled waters ahead john bolton may
have a very fuzzy mustache but he's got
extremely sharp elbows and in that
position of national security adviser as
John alluded to earlier occasionally
people try and and run the band as
though they're their conductor that's
how I perceive John Bolton and that will
not go well with Jim mattis who is a
very very hard fibered Marine so look
for conflict ahead Madison's lost a real
ally and a real friend in Rex Tillerson
it's a sad day in Washington well
Admiral it's willie Geist let's look
specifically at North Korea where it
looked like there been some movement
toward diplomacy the president accepting
the offer from North Korea of a meeting
at the top of the chain between Kim
jong-un and the president United States
I wonder what happens now to that
diplomacy when you have John Bolton
making the explicit case less than a
month ago in the Wall Street Journal for
pre-emptive attack on North Korea saying
we cannot wait until the last minute
this has to get done now and the second
part of the question is what are they
thinking in Seoul South Korea this
morning I'll take the second part first
in Seoul South Korea I bet the markets
will dive people are going to feel as
though the drumbeat of real war on the
peninsula has just gone up significantly
all we can say is let's hope that Bolton
is smart enough and he's a smart
individual let's hope that he's smart
enough to play against the
characterization that's rolling out and
to push for the meeting and to keep the
momentum on that side of the coin but
I'll tell you Willy everything about him
and his past would tell you that he will
advise the president to bloody than
those as the saying goes in the North
Koreans and then you're in a pattern of
escalation which can lead us to a
nuclear exchange on that peninsula I am
unconfident that that meeting will
happen okay chilling Admiral James
stavridis thank you very much for your
insights this morning still ahead for
Communications directors to Chiefs of
Staff and now three national security
advisers who might be next to leave
NBC's Peter Alexander joins us live from
the White House we have much more coming
ahead on this huge news day it's only
Friday and there's a lot to come till
Sunday morning Joe is coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
