let's get to our leadoff panel on as I
said a busy Thursday night Robert Costa
national political reporter for The
Washington Post moderator of Washington
week on PBS Vivienne Salama national
political reporter for NBC News who has
covered Bolton and McMaster closely and
Michael Crowley national security editor
and senior correspondent for Politico
Robert our mutual friend Maggie Haberman
gets that all of life can be explained
in some portion of the godfather' she
explained what happened today as the
conclusion of part one settling the
family business to you the question is
how seismic was this day in all the days
of this administration we've covered it
was seismic Brian I tweeted back at
Maggie it was a little bit close to the
Ides of March to bring up a literary
reference I mean the Godfather he that
Michael Corleone kills his enemies the
president seems to be going after his
own team at this moment but it's
certainly a volatile time for this
president he is trying to take control
personal control of his legal team
sources inside of the West Wing tell me
take control of his administration his
national security policy everyone who
works for him is on edge tonight because
they believe he is settling into this
presidency not driven by ideology but
driven by the idea that he wants to be
in power making the decisions
now mr. Crowley our own Nicole Wallace
we recall was the first to report
McMasters eventual eggs that she
initially reported probably by the end
of the month of March
your publication tonight goes even
further I want to read this quote this
is stunning stuff
President Donald Trump's decision to
abruptly fire National Security Adviser
HR McMasters surprise senior White House
aides who had been preparing a single
statement announcing the departure of
multiple top trump officials according
to two senior administration officials
Trump however up and did those plans
late Thursday firing mcmaster offering
his job to former UN Ambassador John
Bolton and a move that surprised not
only his top advisors but also Bolton
himself mr. Crowley anything you care to
add oh good reporting there by my
colleague Eliana Johnson and you know
and Donald Trump is going to do what he
wants I think we've seen that over and
over and over again and particularly at
this moment where I think his staff is
relatively weak his communication staff
in particular is in flux he's not
willing to be scripted I also think you
sometimes if you want to look carefully
might see possible patterns in the
timing of big Trump announcements that
come out of the blue like this I don't
want to be too speculative but I would
note that there is a woman who claims
she had an affair with Trump who gave a
live television interview tonight that
to some degree was swamped by this news
so you do have to wonder I don't think
it's unreasonable to say this is a guy
who's very savvy about the media who
likes to make a splash and direct the
story back in his own direction that he
is looking at what other stories might
be unfolding might be competing with the
news he's making and of course there's a
story about a shake-up on his legal team
which I don't think he finds to be
terribly flattering he doesn't like it
when people are talking about the
Russian investigation generally he
probably does like the idea that he's
you know as we're saying here taking
control of his foreign policy pushing
out a guy who's never particularly happy
with and bringing in John Bolton who I
think he is excited about so that would
be one analysis the one hesitates to
guess what could happen Sunday night at
7 p.m. in addition to the conflict
between KCDC and the 60 Minutes
interview with stormy Daniels clean so
viv help me dig out of this particular
hole I recall that before you were in
the White House briefing room for
Associated Press before you work for us
you were around the world places garden
spots like Baghdad covering the other
end of kind of the Bolton era and ethos
so answer me this in your view who is
mr. Bolton and how will this matter in
u.s. foreign policy well Brian I think a
2015 op-ed that John Bolton wrote in The
New York Times the headline alone pretty
much sums him up the headline read to
stop Iran's bomb bomb Iran and that
pretty much is John Bolton in a nutshell
extremely hawkish even by the standard
of the most hawkish people in the Trump
administration he has been very
skeptical about Iran's commitment to the
Iran nuclear deal he's been completely
against it
he's very skeptical about any
negotiations with the regime in
Pyongyang with the North Koreans and
which is ironic considering President
Trump not 10 days ago declared that he
would be meeting with Kim jong-un the
leader of North Korea and so that's
going to be a very interesting
conversation behind the scenes but even
dating back to his days in the Trump
administration now folks in the Middle
East you know as you said I was in Iraq
they know him as someone who was a part
of the Bush administration he served for
a time as the US ambassador to the
United Nations of course he failed to
gain Senate confirmation and so he
didn't last very long in that position
but he has been a career State
Department official and he is known as
someone who was a very outspoken
advocate for george w bush's invasion of
iraq and he's come out numerous times to
say you know what forget about the
weapons of mass destruction which we
know now were never found he says that
wasn't what the Iraq war was about the
Iraq war was about removing Saddam
Hussein and for that purpose we did the
greatest thing possible we did the
robbery made the right decision and so
the Middle East of course you know I've
spoken to people from all over the world
not just in the Middle East but
Europeans and people in East Asia right
now all of whom have so much riding on
various negotiations whether the North
Korea crisis or Iran or these other
issues and they say what will happen
next and with john bolton coming in
someone who really could push this
administration to the far-right and
president Trump who isn't particularly
ideological on a number of things and
had all these different camps and
moderates and conservatives kind of
making up his administration now more
and more we're seeing these moderates
fade away and people like John Bolton
the Conservatives are the ones that are
getting a stronger voice in this
administration so it's going to be very
interesting from a foreign policy
perspective mr. Costa and on that note
help us turn the page in to the legal
team there is a certain kind of grab
your partner round and round about this
era in Washington with everyone
lawyering up the president's son-in-law
Jared Kushner has a terrific attorney in
Abbey law yet there aren't
anymore Abbey Louis and your publication
and our organization have all been
reporting about the president's troubles
in recruiting further counsel why is
that legal reason it's conflicts that
you talk to the big white shoe firms
around Washington they say some lawyers
some partners are inclined to work with
the president they're conservative
they're Republican but there's a
political risk by associating yourself
with President Trump someone who's so
controversial he has all these different
conflicts that firms are presented with
because of the sprawling investigation
this federal probe and then all the
different firms around town who already
have clients who are involved in some
capacity and they say that if you have a
white-shoe reputation you go in these
shoes get muddy I mean John Dowd has a
long legal career and in major cases a
Ty Cobb's still there hanging on but
fading away and and so many lawyers like
Ted Olson who have the experience that
the president is I'm told he really
wants he's been telling his aides in the
last few days can i how can I get Olsen
can I get him on the phone can I
convince him but they're just not coming
in and so in that situation he's turning
to the people he sees on television
mr. Crowley I want to show you something
mr. bannon said today we'll talk about
it on the other side John Dowd is a good
man and I think that's why essentially
more aggressive attorneys got brought in
that are now you know I think president
Trump's going to war I think it's very
obvious he's gonna go to warn this
viewed another way a second Michael
Corleone reference of the evening and
just think about the first part of what
he said they're in effect John Dowd is a
good man in effect that's why he's
leaving yeah right he wasn't a vicious
enough fighter it's a little confusing
Brian because John Dowd did not want
Donald Trump to sit down for an extended
open-ended interview with with special
counsel robert muller fearing that it
could become a perjury trap feeling that
there was too much risk and he and ty
cobb have disagreed over that part of
the strategy ty cobb has been much more
open to the idea of trump talking to
muller with fewer conditions and Dowd
seemed to feel that trump was not taking
his advice on that front so as far as
the actual interaction with muller
it doubt was was the the could not get
the president to agree with him that you
should you should stiff arm Muller and
keep them at a distance however at the
same time as a political strategy not a
legal one it does seem that Trump and
his allies throughout the conservative
media and on Capitol Hill we've been
watching this closely at Politico the
rhetoric is really escalating it does
tend to ebb and flow we've been through
cycles like this people may remember
going into the holidays at the end of
the year
the rhetoric was really cranking up and
there were a lot of predictions that
mother would be fired you know the sort
of Christmas Eve Massacre that didn't
materialize but it feels like it's
cresting again and maybe even more
intensely but than before and I think
that Joseph digenova joining the legal
team adds to that but there is this this
kind of confusing question about what is
the legal strategy particularly when it
comes to an interview with Muller I
think that's not been resolved but but
Trump did say today that he wants to
talk to Muller Ty Cobb may be winning
that fight so that is a kind of parallel
track that we need to be watching
closely because of course the stakes of
an interview like that are just
incredibly high hey Vivian because of
your aforementioned front row seat on
this administration for the folks who
may settle down at the end of the day
and join us I don't know over a martini
to kind of get caught up on this day in
the administration on the hubbub scale
what's it like now compared to say 14
months ago in some ways it's really
interesting things have calmed down it's
a bit more orderly in terms of the day
to day sort of organization of the White
House and in the old days we were
getting you know sort of sporadic calls
you know everybody gather up right now
and there there wasn't the systematic
you know scheduling and organization
that the White House usually has but
obviously behind the scenes there's a
lot of people who are feeling a little
bit disenfranchised morale is sort of
shaky because of the fact that there's
been so much turnover and that's not
necessarily unusual for a new
administration we're just kind of
finding its way but of course given all
of these things and on top of it this
cloud of the Russia investigation that
seems to be sort of continuing with no
end in sight
don't really know when the special
counsel robert muller is going to wrap
things up
it's obviously weighing very heavily on
the morale of a lot of the staffers and
of course the journalists i mean we
could use one of those martinis frankly
waiting for somebody to say that Amen
chorus now hey robert because you're the
type of reporter you are you've seen
aside to donald trump i think a lot of
members of the public even his staff
hasn't seen the kind of wistful private
side the leisure side of this guy the
side everyone says he misses about life
Trump Tower in New York his assistant
Rona the fact that he didn't have a
crippling schedule didn't have a chief
of staff are we really to believe he may
be the first president in modern history
to try to go it without a formal
doorkeeper gatekeeper workflow
supervisor chief of staff in the West
Wing it's unusual and it's also not
unusual you look back at history for
example President Jimmy Carter comes to
mind he wanted to have more of a flat
operation people he could trust like
Hamilton Jordan inside of the White
House Jodie pal he wanted to be the
decision-maker of course a totally
different style
Carter studied data he wanted to make
decisions on a very meticulous process
President Trump but when you were went
to up to that 26th floor off as a trump
tower it was phone call after phone call
not a computer working the phone aides
coming in and out not really a schedule
making decisions on the fly and he
thinks when you talk to him that that
style that approach to management is
what made him successful in business and
his view and it's what made him
President of the United States and he
operated a campaign from his campaign
plane not from someone hate HQ not even
really from his office he wants to bring
that to the White House because he feels
constricted and he feels besieged hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
