on July 24th 1987 a young woman in
Washington DC filed a police complaint
against a sitting u.s. senator against
Senator Brock Adams of Washington State
the woman was 24 years old at the time
her family had been friends with the
senator for years but this young woman
told police and her complaint that while
she'd been staying at the Senators home
he drugged her and attacked her she said
he gave her a glass of wine which she
believes had some sort of drug in it she
told police she woke up without her
clothes on with the senator quote
fondling her so she went to the police
and filed a report and apparently the
officer who investigated this woman's
claims he requested a warrant for the
Senators arrest the senator was not
arrested the US Attorney in DC at the
time the US Attorney / C in this case
local prosecutor said no decided not to
file charges by the time the public
learned about this police report filed
by this young woman that prosecutor had
left office but he took time to publicly
defend his decision to drop the case he
said publicly quote there was a
unanimous decision that this matter had
no merit he said it had absolutely no
merit whatsoever there's kind of an
interesting decision not just that the
US Attorney had to decline to file
charges in this case or to allow for an
arrest warrant even though the officer
investigating had asked for the warrant
it was also interesting what's an
interesting decision that the prosecutor
went so far as to publicly undercut the
accuser to go public with these
assertions that she had no credibility
and neither did this accusation that she
had filed with the police but that's
what the prosecutor decided to do and so
the accused senator Brock Adams Democrat
of Washington State he got to stay in
office but the case kind of lingered in
the back of everybody's mind and for
whatever reason that former US Attorney
that prosecutor who decided not to go
forward with the case he decided he
wasn't gonna let go of the matter in
fact years later in 1991 that same US
attorney was still speaking out about
the case still coming out to say that
these accusations had no merit still
defending the Senators reputation the
prosecutor went to a fundraiser for that
senator and spoke on his behalf he
brought up that 1987 case yet again he
told the crowd at the senator's
fundraiser quote there was absolutely no
merit whatsoever none to that case the
prosecutor at that fundraiser said quote
this matter has gotten to a point where
it's abundantly clear that it's more
than unfair what is happening to the
senator even though that prosecutor
refused to believe any of it and refused
the police officers request for a
warrant in that case the Senators
hometown newspaper decided they were
gonna investigate the matter and three
years later as that senator was running
for re-election running for another term
in the Senate in 1992 the Seattle Times
went public with the findings of their
investigation and this was the headline
eight more women accused senator Adams
allegations of two decades of sexual
harassment abuse and a rape among the
eight women the Seattle Times
interviewed was a former Democratic
Party activist who said she suspected
that the senator had drugged her to
quote as she objected she says he forced
her to the couch and raped her she says
he left immediately but not before
throwing $200 on a table to pay her way
to a democratic function Seattle Times
also interviewed an accuser who said she
was quote given a drink by Senator Adams
that appeared to be champagne to which a
red liquid had been added Seattle Times
reported that the woman said she then
blacked out and regained consciousness
later to find senator Adams removing her
clothes that report in the Seattle Times
that's how Brock Adams became a one-term
senator from the state of Washington he
dropped out of the race the day after
that Seattle Times report was published
and patty Murray ran for and won his
seat patty Murray still has that seat
but you know the prosecutor the
prosecutor who a few years earlier had
decide to prosecute decide to look into
that initial case from that initial
police report in 1987 going so far as to
publicly denounce the accuser and
bolster that senator even fundraising
for him on the basis of that bad
accusation made against him by that
woman with no credibility that
prosecutor had a next chapter in his
life - he went on to become a TV
personality specifically on the Fox News
Channel where his specialty has been
applying a vaguely legal sounding
seriousness to
TV pundit claims his real heyday was the
Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky scandal in
the first month after the Lewinsky
scandal was made public he and his wife
who was also his law partner
they were quoted on or appeared on
television over 300 times in the span of
one month and his claims about the
Lewinsky scandal again vaguely legal
sounding but also a little bit nutty he
claimed but never provided any evidence
that he and his wife and members of
Congress had had private detectives
sicked on them by the president and his
family he leaked to a newspaper word
that a Secret Service agent had caught
the President and Monica Lewinsky in a
compromising position walked in on him
in flagrante there's no evidence that
that ever happened despite having said a
lot of stuff that was not true he
definitely proved his TV worth in that
Lewinsky scandal and that earned him
basically a permanent place on Fox and
so now he pops up whenever there's
another scandal particularly if it
relates to a Clinton after the attack in
Benghazi and Republicans were going
after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
he said that he had access to secret
evidence that showed that the Benghazi
attack was a giant cover-up and it would
all soon be revealed during the Trump
Clinton presidential election he
provided great comfort to Trump
supporters in the Trump campaign by
insisting that once again he had secret
information that they didn't need to
worry that there was any chance Hillary
Clinton ruined the election because he
knew for a fact that she was going to be
arrested any day now in the middle of
the campaign by the time the election
actually happened he knew she was going
to be in jail he knew and he said it in
a way that sounded very legal even
though it didn't turn out to be true his
name is Joe digenova
and the president has just asked mr.
Jennifer to join his Russia legal
defense team apparently because he likes
what he's been seeing of him on TV
lately what you have now unfolding
inside the FBI in the Department of
Justice under Obama is a brazen plot to
do two things to exonerate Hillary
Clinton because of an animus toward
Donald Trump and then if she lost to
frame the incoming president for either
a criminal act or
impeachment Comey sold his soul to the
devil they conspired to exonerate
improperly and politically Hillary
Clinton and also if she lost to frame
the incoming president of the United
States with a false crime make no
mistake about it
a group of FBI and DOJ people were
trying to frame Donald Trump of a
falsely created crime
it wasn't the Russians who corrupted the
presidential election it was the
American officials at the Department of
Justice and the FBI the person sitting
next to judge Jennifer on that last clip
there is his wife and law partner her
name is Victoria tensing we learned
tonight just as the McMaster and John
Bolton news was breaking that the
president is not just bringing on Joe
digenova to his Russia legal team he's
also hired Victoria tensing so he's
hired the president has hired both
husband and wife to now work for the
president on his Russia legal defense
now this does not appear to have been
the president's decision alone he
appears to have been supportive in this
decision by his other as-seen-on-tv
lawyer
Jay Sekulow now Jay Sekulow himself was
a slightly odd choice for the
president's legal team he comes from the
televangelists wing of conservative
activism and direct mail fundraising
which means that he's very well paid and
very well groomed and he's used to
talking on TV but he's not exactly a
subject matter expert on defending the
president or on the Russia scandal
remember around the Trump Tower meeting
controversy a lot of discussion about
Russian sanctions in the Magnitsky act
right this is a central idea to the
whole scandal surrounding the president
sanctions on Russia because of the
Magnitsky Act Magnitsky Magnitsky mmm
the Magnitsky Act you know it right the
discussions involved the Majin ski act
what was discussed at the meeting
actually ended up being more about the
Majin ski act the same lawyer that has
the Russia affiliation was down in
Washington pitching the Majin ski act
repealed the Majin ski act the
discussion was about the Majin Ski Act
could have been about the Majin ski act
again the conversation was on the Majin
ski act there is no badge in ski act
your daily beast reports today that that
lawyer Jay Sekulow is now essentially
leading the press
it's legal defense he's running its
operations out of the offices of his
conservative activist group he's now
been joined on the president's Russia
legal team by his friends from the Fox
News Channel this husband-and-wife Fox
News TV lawyer team just in case what
President the president needs for his
defense in the biggest national security
scandal to ever loom over any presidency
is the Brock Adams Benghazi deep State
locker up uranium one specialist or two
of them or three of them as this shift
came into focus today the president's
not made-for-tv lawyer John Dowd quit
today if you want to know how not
made-for-tv John Dowd is consider that
the most famous piece of videotape
involving him on TV is him flipping off
and swearing at a TV camera outside a
case he just lost for a Wall Street guy
hello the departure of John Dowd today
is the second time the president has
fired his top personal lawyer on the
Russia scandal the first lead lawyer he
fired was Mark Casa wits remember him
made all this churn inside the White
House there are now some reports that
mark has wits might actually be coming
back which would be amazing when Castle
which was first appointed to leave the
presidents of Russia legal team the very
first statement he put out in that
capacity described himself in the first
line of that statement as the pred
president's personal lawyer literally
the first line of the first statement on
the first day he was the president's
lawyer misspelled the word president
statement also contained this line which
I've memorized it is now established
that there the president was not being
investigated for colluding with me or
attempting to obstruct that there the
pertinent and if you don't believe me
you should he's the president's lawyer
that in auspicious incoherent start was
followed quickly by the news that for
some reason mr. casler wits
was going to try to lead the president's
Russia legal defense without obtaining a
security clearance himself no access to
classified materials in a national
security scandal hmm
this led to questions about why mark as
awaits might not be able to get a
security clearance maybe and that led to
a bizarre incident in which mark has
wits the president's lead lawyer on the
scam
started threatening and swearing at
random strangers who emailed him about
his new job kind of seemed like the
stress was getting to him frankly it
created stress even in the news media
how exactly do you report that the
president's lawyer is randomly emailing
strangers in the middle of the night
saying watch your back dude
rhymes with ditch one week after that
happened my Kassovitz was gone and now
the guy who replaced him John Dowd he's
gone - and maybe Casa wits will keep
representing the president against
various women who have accused him of
sexual harassment defamation and related
matters which is what he's been doing
since he left the Russia team maybe
Markovitz will come back to the Russia
team in which case that security
clearance question about him is going to
become relevant all over again but it is
also worth remembering that part of the
reason the president has not been able
to put together an a list or even be
list or see list legal team thus far on
the Russian matter is reportedly because
no top-drawer a list Republican lawyer
in Washington DC wants to work on a even
a presidential defense team if he or she
has to do so alongside these hairdo mix
swearword lawyers that the president
likes these guys with the pinky rings
and the big air and the shoulder pads
and the swearing and the flipping people
off and can't spell don't care I mean
that may be the president's style but
that's not the style of most really good
lawyers who might put on an excellent
defense for a u.s. president charged
with a very serious national security
related crime so John Dowd president's
lead Russell are out as of today two
more conspiracy theory TV lawyers are in
instead and mister watch your back
f-bomb guy may be back in the mix as
well Gabe Sherman at Vanity Fair cites
for sources tonight saying that what set
off this big shake-up in the president's
legal defense is the president going
through the roof about Robert Muller's
latest actions Robert Muller and his
prosecutors in the special counsel's
office subpoena Inc Trump's business
records from the Trump Organization
apparently set the president off in this
new tizzy of changes maybe this is the
kind of team he thinks he needs to fight
the fight with molars prosecutors
but if we are being honest here let's
get real what he's putting together is
not the kind of team you put together to
mount a legal defense for a president or
in fact to do any serious legal work at
all it appears that that part is over
what the president is putting together
is the kind of team a guy like him might
put together to run a PR operation on TV
explaining the president's actions I
mean as hilarious as the president's
d-list lineup of lawyers is starting to
look I'm pretty sure they're not
actually there to do legal work him
putting these people in place makes it
seem like he is going to try to end this
by some other means and they are going
to be the team that explains it on Fox
News
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
