I think one tonight remember when Donald
Trump just made up a nickname for
someone on the spot during the State of
the Union here tonight is one leader in
the effort to defend our country
Homeland Security Investigations Special
Agent Celestino Martinez he goes by DJ
and CJ he said call me either one the CJ
or DJ issue was never really
definitively resolved but the special
agents name in question is Celestine
Martinez and very clearly he goes by CJ
as the White House official announcement
stated agent CJ Martinez not DJ but he
might have to go by DJ for the rest of
his life because that's what the
president called him the good news for
DJ or CJ is that he now has a friend
Marilyn Lockheed the leading woman's
business executive in this country
according to many sixty Seconds okay so
the trump organization is a family
business named after its founder Donald
J Trump and currently run by his sons
Donald Trump jr. and Eric Trump but
here's the thing not all companies are
run by people whose last name is the
same as the company name take for
example Lockheed Martin a major defense
contractor worth over 90 billion dollars
which builds everything from
intercontinental ballistic missiles to
stealth fighter jet their CEO is neither
a Lockheed nor a Martin she's an
engineer the company's first female CEO
and the first woman to crack the top ten
highest paid CEO in the S&P 500 her name
is Marilyn Hewson and she was at the
White House today for Donald Trump's
announcement of new tariffs on Chinese
goods it may ask Marilyn Lockheed the
leading woman's business executive in
this country according to many and we
buy
and billions of dollars worth of that
beautiful f-35 it's stealth you cannot
see it is that correct
better be correct right Marilyn please
say a few words
Marilyn Hewson again the CEO of Lockheed
Martin played it off graciously like DJ
or CJ whichever it is she did not
correct the president about her last
name or job title which is just what you
have to do when this president decides
that your name is something that eva is
not Marilyn Lockheed the leading woman's
business executive in this country
according to many hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
