that's Kara Swisher she's of course the
co-founder and executive editor of
recode and one of the journalists who
interviewed Zuckerberg this week Kara
good to talk to you how you doing Chuck
I want to start with these the statement
and your interview with Zuckerberg it
feels as if when I read the statement it
read to me like a PR shopper wrote the
statement that they're trying to
preserve they're trying to they're
trying to stop the bad press they're not
trying to fix the problem am I being too
harsh in that assessment well they did
they did it in the breach of trust thing
that everybody said over and over again
it's a breach of trust it's a breach of
trust they all repeat it at Sheryl
Sandberg did too so obviously that was
written in a PR speak it's a nice way of
saying we let down the users instead of
just saying we let your privacy go all
amuck all over the internet I think
that's what I would have said I think
they did announce some things that they
should have done years and years ago
which was little things I can get to
specifics but they announced some things
that they were going to go investigate
these things but a lot of it you know
has to be much more specific and much
more severe in terms of taking back this
data which i think is not gettable
anymore it's out in the wild it's been
it was there was seven years of this
that went on where they where they gave
data to third-party developers and
what's interesting here the Cambridge
analytical think people are missing it
it was not a breach Facebook gave the
data to these develop this is the
business the entire premise of Facebook
is we are the fifth right yeah don't use
Facebook yes exactly I don't either but
yes that's the idea and so their whole
business is based on advertising and
attention and everything else and what
they did is they had developers they
wanted on the platform very early to
make a very vibrant Network a social
network and so they gave them I calling
it a candy trove but they handed out
data like candy so these people would
come in make great apps get people
excited about the platform and engaged
in it and then it was sort of this
virtuous circle for Facebook and and
users too because they got a lot of cool
stuff they wanted to play with and I
think the issue is they didn't monitor
where that datum went and who was using
it and so it didn't keep in
and I did talk to mark about this how
did you not know bad actors could misuse
this and why weren't you policing it
enough and I think that's really the
issue you know it's funny is that didn't
he it seems as if he just went back to
his own motivation of why he wanted to
start the Facebook right which is to
find out yeah more information about
more people yeah exactly exactly and one
of the things I think was very you know
he said I didn't I didn't sign up to be
the one to decide what what should be
kept and what should not be kept and I
was like you kind of did sign up for it
since you created this and I think that
was a really interesting thing is that
right now Facebook's got to take
responsibility for as I've been saying
for a long time for the platform they
build get their hands around it and if
they can't who's gonna do that and I
would not recommend regulators doing it
because they can't you know they can't
even order lunch together in Washington
so it's a really big question of who's
gonna monitor this of it if not Facebook
mustiness what is you know it's funny
it's like I think Tim Cook knows what he
wants Apple to be and what he wants the
company to see it as I think Jeff Bezos
knows what he wants
Amazon to be and what he wants the
public to view Amazon as I actually
don't know what does Mark Zuckerberg
want the public to see Facebook as and
what does he see what Facebook is well I
think it was interesting because he kept
backing away several times in the
interview that you know I didn't I don't
want to sit at my desk in California and
make these decisions a community should
decide this you know he built the
community he made the community
he runs the community he owns the
community and so he does have to step up
more and get and say what his values are
and what is wrong what can be done and
what can't be done and a lot of people
in Silicon Valley are not the people you
mentioned are loathe to do that they're
like let's let a thousand flowers bloom
let anyone do what they want and the
problem with that is anybody does what
they want and it's especially bad actors
and this is a perfect system to be taken
advantage of by those bad actors Apple
and Amazon are the outliers right I mean
they used to be criticized Steve Jobs
was criticized for the fact that he
wouldn't let other people into his orbit
sometimes yeah developers and things
like this is not apples business
advertising is not apples business at
all they're in a great position because
they're just
iPhones you know and I mean they're now
their devices are used to use all these
apps but this is not their business and
so they're they have nothing to in this
case it's not nothing to do with Apple
its Facebook ever going to be the same
or we gonna start using MySpace
metaphors no I don't think so it's an
enormous leap powerful pilot there's 2.2
billion people on it and it's a very buy
but they own Instagram they own whatsapp
they've got all kinds of things I think
the issue is is this a real crisis for
them in the Microsoft moment if you
remember when Microsoft started hurtling
down word around the monopolies issues
Microsoft did not pay attention to them
and that it resulted now it's still a
very powerful company but it certainly
isn't it they're not one of the big four
that's right they're not it's more like
the way we used to talk about IBM right
exactly and so I think that moment was
terrible for them because they they were
arrogant and Facebook has got to fix
itself and it's got to take the
responsibility and take this very
seriously rather than it just being I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry and what is what
we need to know next yeah it feels like
it's been still an apology to or run by
PR people and only keep doing that
thanks for sure yeah Tara I wouldn't
want to been on your end of that
interview that I imagine mr. Zuckerberg
was very nervous hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
