that is of course Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg breaking his silence six days
since the controversy over the Cambridge
analytical scandal broke in a series of
interviews yesterday as you just heard
Zuckerberg elaborated why his company
plans to address the collection of the
personal information of 50 million
Facebook users by Cambridge including
the potential of his testifying before
Congress joining us now a member of the
judiciary and Armed Services committee's
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut senator it's good to see you
I take it you'd like to see Mark
Zuckerberg sitting before your panel
what do you want to know from him I want
to know what they are going to do to
make sure that consumers know what
information is shared with third parties
and that they be given the right to
consent to it not just opt out but opt
in with full knowledge and I think Mark
Zuckerberg has to come before the
Commerce Committee where I said or the
Judiciary Committee where I'm also a
member and explain how Cambridge
analytic I was permitted to retain this
information Facebook did nothing to
verify that it had deleted this
information and still incredibly
Facebook has failed to notify all of the
users and consumers about what private
personal information has been shared any
is out there right now so senator you
have subpoena power it strikes me that
it's not really up to Mark Zuckerberg
whether or not he testifies before you
and in answer to mr. Zuckerberg you are
the right person you should come before
the committee there's no question about
it we hope you do it voluntarily but I
think there has to be a subpoena for all
of the documents that are relevant
because there's no assurance that all of
those documents will be provided unless
there is compulsory process its standard
operating procedure it ought to apply to
Mark Zuckerberg and the tech world he's
not above the law
so you will subpoena him if he doesn't
show up voluntarily if it is my decision
I would subpoena him today Wow
Casey senator are you at the point where
you think Facebook needs to face
regulations what should Congress mandate
that they do a Facebook definitely needs
to face regulation
is very simple they have failed to
uphold their trust they have become
enormous ly powerful in their knowledge
about consumers their business model is
to sell personal information and they
need to be accountable so I think that
what are some specific steps you would
support well if you take the model that
we have just applied literally yesterday
we passed a measure called Cessna the
stop ii oh yeah exactly stop enabling
sex traffic which facebook we closed
which in facebook initially opposed yeah
and then they came around to support we
worked very closely with a Rob Portman
and I led the bill work on the specific
language so that they have to have
knowledge and knowingly facilitate sex
trafficking if they're to be held
economy treating them as a platform
essentially and they I'm sorry as a
publisher not a platform publisher yeah
as more than just a neutral platform
they have to be treated as a publisher
with responsibility that's the model
that I would apply so I would do with
them what we do with other print or
media and require full disclosure make
sure that consumers know when apps have
access to their information what the
apps are doing and and make sure that
there's consent on the part of consumers
if your information is being shared you
should have a right to know and you
should have a right to continue think
that Mark Zuckerberg is too arrogant to
understand the significance of this I
think Mark Zuckerberg is enormous ly
intelligent I think he understands and I
think he should appear before one or
both that's very polite of you
we should definitely appear we put
Zuckerberg on a shelf for just a moment
what about Cambridge analytic in the
Trump campaign what concerns if any do
you have I have very strong concerns
about Cambridge analytic a relationship
to the Trump campaign but also to the
Russians and the potential links there
both in terms of money and information
that is really the keys to the kingdom
and I think that Cambridge analytical
also should be brought
our committee they should be subpoenaed
they are certainly knowledgeable and
perhaps culpable for this massive breach
and I can't emphasize enough how
important it is for Facebook to come
clean and notify those consumers still
hasn't done so although Mark Zuckerberg
has committed he will much as he did at
my insistence about the fake ads and
posts that the Russians did all the
users have been notified now at our
request but he should be doing the same
thing here so you served as attorney
general to the state of Connecticut and
I covered you for I think it was decades
actually and I have great respect for
your legal expertise I want to broaden
out the questions pertaining to this
president right now we're looking at so
many different ones we're looking at
relationships if the president has that
seemed to be questionable his
relationship with Bob Muller his tweet
seemed to indicate that he might fire
Muller there are very many people who
know a lot more than me about the
intelligence community who are deeply
concerned that he will fire the special
counsel there's his relationship with
Russia and whether or not this president
is impaired to have relationships on the
world stage especially since he refused
to follow the advice of his national
security team and went to congratulate
Vladimir Putin at this very tenuous time
in terms of our relationship with Russia
on his free and fair election I'll put
that in quotes because even the
president's press secretary could not
say that the election in Russia was not
completely free and fair there's his
relationship with women and whether or
not he can handle women in any way in a
polite and moral way in a fair way equal
to men he seems to have concerns about
affairs with women who have been handled
possibly with threats and with lawyers
and with non-disclosure agreements that
were HAP's that those came about in ways
that were not necessarily aboveboard
there's his relationship with his
Attorney General where he doesn't seem
to understand this as to his attorney
general is not his lawyer and by the way
his new lawyer is very interested in the
deep state and one would be very
concerned that his new lawyer Joe
digenova
would urge the President to fire Bob
Muller
and there's this relationship with
Republicans which appears to be so
tenuous and so dishonest because they're
not getting what they want out of him
but most Republicans are too afraid to
stand up to him we're watching this all
unfold which of all of these
relationships do you think could be the
most concerning to the president he
might need some education on this
because his tweets this morning showed
that he's concerned more about a fight a
fistfight with Joe Biden and some
convoluted tweet about campaigning he's
not focused on these things which ones
should he be focused on as deeply
concerning well first let me be a little
less polite mm-hmm
the common theme that runs through all
these relationships and their failures
is that the president is a bully
very simply he uses power to intimidate
and threaten whether its women or the
special counsel or Joe Biden or the
others whose tweets members of the
Senate and members of the Senate there
is a innocence misuse and abuse of power
what most concerns me on this day is
that Congress will be going into recess
for two weeks right and all of my
Republican colleagues who have assured
me oh well the president will never fire
Bob Muller
we're going to be scattered around the
country and around the world we need
them to stand up now because we'll take
action the special counsel and protect
the special counsel I've urged
legislation
I have legislation it's bipartisan and
Republicans have said well we don't need
it because he won't take if he does will
this be on Republicans because there is
legislation that could protect the
special counsel wouldn't this be on the
Republicans who refuse to stand up to
present and pass it now it will be on
all of us but it will be particularly on
the Republicans who have provided these
assurances that this cataclysmic
confrontation can never occur all right
Bob real quick senator flake said to me
the other day if he fires more
Republicans should move to impeach the
president the Democrat to take over the
house they could move on impeachment in
the in the house and in next year early
next year our Senate Democrats I think
assume you would be one of them these
conversations were happening our Senate
Democrats actively talking right now
about what a trial would look like if
President Trump was ever to be impeached
there's no discussion about trial what
there is very intense discussion
concerning is the special counsel being
permitted to proceed with his
investigation we're talking about the
rule of law here yeah we're talking
about a process for investigation that
is established by law that Robert Muller
is pursuing very methodically and
responsibly without any leaks without
any extravagant claims or both three
convictions mm-hmm many indictments a
record of accomplishments so far over a
short period of time and I think we have
to take action to make sure he's
protected Sam Stein has a question for
you Sam well huh Bob guys took mine but
I actually I wanted this nail down on
you a little bit on the Republicans and
if they have they abdicated their
responsibility to protect the special
counsel you say that and they we can see
that their response to not signing on
this legislation is their estimation
that it simply will never happen but
Donald Trump won't take this step I'm
wondering if without naming names you
could pull back the Kern a little bit
what are their conversations like with
your fellow senators Republican senators
in private when you talk about this and
you're encouraging them to get onto your
bill what do they tell you maybe we need
to do that just not right now
you won't do it but we should be
thinking about it so they are they more
open to are they open to the possibility
more in private that he will fire more
than they are in public I think there is
a growing sense that the threat is
increasing I mean anybody in their right
minds watching this obstruction of
justice case unfold and it's unfolding
in real time the president United States
is intimidating threatening firing
people
and that has to cause increasing concern
Senator Richard Blumenthal thank you so
much for coming in this morning always
good to see you coming up a rare look
inside the leadership at the FBI
the bureau's director Christopher Rea
sat down with NBC's Pete Williams for an
exclusive interview what he said about
the Russia probe it's next on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
