all right well senators Ben Sasse and
Marco Rubio were also among several
lawmakers who were highly critical of
whomever was behind the leak of the
briefing notes for the president's call
with Putin the president's call
congratulatory call was terribly
ill-advised but that doesn't change the
fact that the leaking of the
confidential briefing materials for his
call were also wrong it shouldn't be
difficult to say both of these things
they're both true so we should be able
to say both of them at once
a president staff shouldn't leak in
cases of principle you may need to
resign so resign I'm not sure his notes
are classified I just don't understand
them you know if you work for the guy
and you're trying to undermine him in
the public why are you working there
only a handful of people in the White
House could have possibly known both
about the call and what was said and the
notes that were prepared for him
and my in my view of it is if you're
leaking stuff it's to hurt him and if
you don't if you're trying to hurt him
is because you don't like him or you
don't agree with him why are you still
there
I think whoever did that ought to be
fired immediately and I think they ought
to be prosecuted I just think that is
absolutely unconscionable
it's just graceful unconscionable and
disgraceful and may be a sign that the
White House is at a tipping point in
some way and people inside the White
House have no other way to go in Jeremy
bash I'm serious about this it we could
devolve into snarky jokes you looked at
me when you said snarky I did I gave you
a lot but we're at a point now where you
know the president is pushing it back
against the special counsel there are
those in the administration there are
experts in the intelligence community
who have worked for presidents on both
sides of the aisle who are worried this
president will fire Muller and
Republicans have yet to do anything that
will prevent that they just say it's
wrong and you have people incredibly
close to the president releasing
information about a call and about the
way the president messed it up or
supposedly didn't follow the advice of
his national security team within hours
of the call have you ever seen anything
like this no is there any parallel no I
haven't I agree leaking classified
information is wrong it's illegal about
within an hour of it happening and and
but I just want to say I used to sit in
the senior level staff Minnie at the CIA
and the Defense Department for years
every single day there wasn't a single
leak out of those daily staff meetings
and the reason was because the
leadership had loyalty among the team
and the antidote to leaks is not
investigations it's not recriminations
the antidote to leaks is loyalty and
what is really lacking here is is a
sense that the president is carrying out
the right policies and the Franklin's
team isn't loyal now the only
alternative theory is that is that the
president wanted this out there and if
it was authorized that it was not
inappropriate and I think there's a fair
chance as we were just talking about
that the president actually wants it
known that he has embraced part of his
Oh
during the advice of his advisors and
doing what he wants to do that's he is
running the show I don't think you can
separate the leak news from the news
cycle that happened towards the tail end
of last week remember where we were
Thursday night Friday morning basically
waiting for three four maybe five top
Trump administration officials to be
fired right that creates an entire
ecosystem of distrust within the
administration it creates factionalism
it creates back backstabbing and a lot
of those people were in the national
security apparatus so yes I do agree
with you you don't you probably end up
getting rid of leaks when you foster a
community that trust one another
you don't foster community to trust one
another when you're constantly 'king
that someone's about to get or you're
trying to deflect Willie Casey I want to
ask you about Ben Sasse and that speech
he made yesterday he's a fascinating
test case for people who've been
frustrated that congressional
Republicans haven't spoken up more about
President Trump when they think it's
appropriate he has and he's been
consistent in doing that just in the
past few weeks we heard him yesterday
talked about the problems with tariffs
why trade wars are bad and not good as
President Trump said he talked about
we're not getting rid of due process
just because you think we should take
guns first and have due process later
he's defended the press over the last
year or so and said the president
weaponized his distrust Ben Sasse is a
Republican in a state Nebraska that the
president Trump won by 25 points in 2016
and yet he doesn't seem to have any
trouble stepping to a microphone when he
feels like something has to be said why
aren't more Republicans following his
lead is there a cost to Ben Sasse doing
this and speaking from his conscience I
think that the cost of it is still a
little bit unknown to be honest Willie
but this what you're seeing from Ben
Sasse has been a fundamental part of his
political identity since he first ran
for office and you heard him speak up
during the presidential campaign as well
and he is somebody who is you know Jeff
Flake just went to New Hampshire there
was some chatter about him doing a 2020
run I think Ben Sasse is probably the
person that people are looking to as
well to potentially challenge President
Trump from an intellectual conservative
perspective whether or not there's a
constituency for that is real
the big question there's no sense right
now that Ben Sasse might face problems
with his own reelection or trouble at
home the tariffs issue for example is
something that he was it's very
specifically related to agriculture in
his state so he was with his
constituents on that question but at the
same time you only see him and Jeff
Flake out on this ledge and Jeff Flake
has gone farther and he's gotten more
isolated so well most Republicans are
playing politics with this not sure
whether they can succeed with or without
Trump let me just lay out for you the
questions that we're dealing with just
this week alone or quite frankly over
the past several months but this week
they're coming to a head the question as
to whether or not the president will
fire Bob Muller that is front and center
right now and that people are really
people high up in the administration and
people high up in the intelligence
community are deeply concerned will
happen we've been watching overtime this
president's confused relationship with
his his Attorney General his deep
misunderstanding that the Attorney
General does not work for him that he
works for the country the president has
shown that he does not he does not
understand this concept he can't get his
head around it and he's abused that
relationship the question definitely is
coming to a head as to whether or not
this president can be blackmailed it is
clear to so many people that he has some
problem with Russia that Vladimir Putin
has something on him that he and his
press secretary or his Stooges cannot
say anything disparaging about Russia in
any way for fear that something might
come out a lot of people feel that that
is a reality at this point and then it's
his relationship with women and we have
several women coming forward saying that
they had affairs with the president but
affairs aside that they were threatened
and potentially abused in some way by
this president did it happen by his
people during this presidency did it
happen during his campaign these stories
are coming to a head and one may come
out on 60 minutes this Sunday this is
all on the president's plate right now
which you see in tweets that come out
with misspellings with urgency with a
sense of unhinged impulsiveness
and you have to wonder Jeremy you have
to be wondering especially if you're in
the intelligence community if this
president is so impaired and so subject
to blackmail that he's unfit to lead and
that he will actually ignore the advice
of all of his senior advisors and now
was standing that meant fire Bob Muller
or move against Bob Muller and there
that was foreshadowed in his tweets
yesterday quoting Harvard Law Professor
Alan Dershowitz basically saying the
special counsel should never have been
appointed if the president really
subscribes that theory Bob Muller is in
trouble you want to think like the
president watch TV and watch his tweets
it's unbelievable it's frightening and
it's incredibly childish and that is
where we're at with this president and
some may not agree with that but I would
watch cable news watch her show watch
his tweets it's literally a B and C we
were joking in the newsroom that the
Chiron operator at Fox and Friends
probably has more power over our
nation's foreign policy than whoever
wrote don't congratulate he comes here
for what's really going on he really
wants everybody to like him they don't
and it it actually gets to his head
meanwhile we have our entire country's
place in the world at stake
still ahead on Morning Joe given that
three women have legal actions against
President Trump so who poses the
greatest danger to the White House and
why do these women matter they do also
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
