we have to get the best people we could
no longer be so politically correct you
know we do things today we were so
politically correct people are afraid to
walk they're afraid to talk we need to
get the best and the finest and if we
don't we'll be in trouble for a long
period of time from time to time we hear
it all in like to check in on the people
Donald Trump has picked to staff his
government you know the best people our
first update tonight concerns one of the
many cabinet secretaries who've used
public money for lavish travel scott
pruett the oil and gas industry darling
that Trump put in charge at the
Environmental Protection Agency who we
now know spent more than a hundred and
five thousand dollars on first-class
flights in his first year alone on the
job now Pruett is supposed to fly coach
as previous administrators did but the
EPA insists he has to fly first class
due to security threats threats like for
instance non-rich passengers confronting
Pruett about what exactly he's doing to
the environment it's not just the cost
of Pruitt's flights last summer more
than I almost can't believe this is true
but it is more than a hundred and twenty
thousand dollars in public money was
spent for Pro to take one single trip to
Italy now somehow Pruett isn't getting
quite as much grief for his travel
$120,000 as HUD secretary ben Carson is
getting for trying to buy a dining set
for the relatively thrifty price of
$31,000
Carson was pressed to explain the dining
set on Capitol Hill yesterday insisting
it was deemed necessary because the old
dining set was pretty much a death trap
I was told that the dining rooms had
needed to be changed
I said why because people being stuck by
nails that chair collapse with somebody
sitting in it it's 50 years old
HUD spokesperson initially claimed
Carson was unaware of the order but then
emails contradicted that claim
Carson testified however it's not his
fault blame the love of his life
I asked my wife also to help me with
that you know I left it with my wife I
said you know help choose something but
the next thing that I quite frankly
heard about it was that this $31,000
table had been bought I said what the
heck is that
that investigated immediately had it
canceled not that we don't need the
furniture but I thought that that was
excessive
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
