tonight Mark Zuckerberg is back in the
middle of politics the Russia probe and
questions about the ethics and legality
of the entire Trump campaign this is a
place the Facebook CEO has tried to get
away from all through the past year
there is a hidden video scandal that has
now engulfed the upper management of
Facebook which is one of the top 10 most
valuable companies in America the story
dominating the news tonight Trump's
digital firm Cambridge analytic ah
busted for abusing Americans personal
information via Facebook also tonight
ABC News reporting Bob Miller bearing
down on that very firm's work for Trump
and late today Zuckerberg
did something unusual he tried to quell
the crisis with a lengthy public
statement conceding a breach of trust at
Facebook saying if we can't protect your
data we don't deserve to serve you now
this is a top story because Facebook is
much more than a big corporation it's
most Americans top platform for media
for information for of course
socializing and lately for politicking
if some Americans don't realize how
powerful and far-reaching this company
is the Trump campaign certainly did it's
the Trump campaigns digital firm that
was caught now in this hidden-camera
scandal touting how they abuse Facebook
data and use social media in general
multiple platforms to push entrapment in
lies and it was only after this story
went public that Facebook took this move
of temporarily suspending Trump's
digital firm that was this weekend now
that temporary suspension was not enough
for Wall Street
look at how they punished the stock on
Monday with this devastating slide it
cost the company fifty billion dollars
and that means a nine billion dollar
loss for Zuckerberg himself and all of
that adds context to this top political
story tonight the company speaking out
more than it has after recent scandals
that we've reported right here on the
beat scandals about fake news about
Russian ads about repeat racial housing
discrimination on Facebook in the United
States this time it's different this
time
a lot more money on the line and let me
show you more video of the context the
Trump digital firm now suspended from
Facebook here's Cambridge analytic
bragging about their dirty tricks the
whole thing would be on camera he said
not knowing he was on camera this story
is reverberating at a very fast pace now
Facebook as I mentioned suspended that
man's company but Zuckerberg new
statement it doesn't address regulation
or the wider problems I mentioned about
Russia and fake news he doesn't even use
the words like apology sorry or regret
Zuckerberg doesn't even say tonight in
this statement whether he'll address the
US Congress which lawmakers are now
demanding this is the worst it's ever
been for Facebook and this isn't a
technology story it's a democracy story
Zuckerberg has refused to face Congress
since the election sending only his
lawyer for Russia hearings a market
contrast had the CEO personally met with
Chinese officials and with Putin's
deputy in Russia all part of Facebook's
global profit agenda now the fact that
I'm about to report may sound tough but
it is actually just a fact even after
being busted for this week's scandal
even after admitting this breach of
trust even after losing 50 billion
dollars this week Zuckerberg
Zuckerberg still can't pledge to address
this US Congress under oath to take
seriously his role as one of the most
powerful people in our democracy in this
country that provided the freedom and
markets that made him so fabulously
wealthy and powerful at this hour
Zuckerberg prepares to do a media
interview tonight the fact is he's
proven his willingness to do what you're
seeing on the screen to meet with the
Kremlin and Putin's number two right
there he was more ready to do that to
put on a tie and take off the hoodie
more ready to do that then address the
representatives of his own country and
that lends a certain hollowness to
Zuckerberg public statements about
elections I don't want anyone to use our
tools to undermine democracy that's not
what we stand for the integrity of our
elections is fundamental to democracy
around the world around the world we are
witnessing a true test of this company
that is deeply involved in all of our
lives and Zuckerberg has spoken out
before saying he puts great care into
this product but I think often that
belief and the fact that you just cares
so much about what you're doing is the
only thing that kind of drives you to do
it
and you know to be honest that kind of
drives me to this day I'm joined now by
Roger McNamee he was a former mentor to
Zuckerberg an early investor in facebook
but has been critical of their recent
choices knee rat and his presidency of
the Center for American Progress and
something of an expert on the rising
role of Facebook in American politics
and campaigns and Clinton Watts who many
remember as a former FBI special agent
who sounded the alarm about many of
Russia's tactics in congressional
testimony and is an analyst for us what
I want to do is put a question on the
table and go all around starting with
Neera what is the significance of this
buckling this pressure on facebook
tonight and are the moves they're making
enough you know frankly I was really
disappointed in the statement it took
you know just Mark Zuckerberg took
responsibility but he walked through a
bit of a timeline but there are a lot of
questions that are still unanswered and
I really thought that he should have at
least apologized said as you mentioned
said he would testify himself but also
provide more answers for example we
don't know how many of the 50 million
people who were basically tapped in by
Kim kimbridge analytic I you know how
many of those people are in states like
Michigan and
Wisconsin Pennsylvania these were very
close States Cambridge it analytic they
used that date those data points and
there's just really a series of
questions and so far Facebook looks like
it's covering it's trying to deal with a
PR crisis and still instead of dealing
with a democracy crisis cliff yeah I
think the big thing that we see here
tonight is that loss of trust that is
what this whole platform is built on and
I'm not sure that he restored any of it
with this statement today he still
didn't really account for everything
that's happened when the data really was
lost how much debt and we're just
talking about one company I mean they've
been showcasing for years how much reach
they have how well they can advertise to
you so why should we think this one app
developer is the only one we only know
about it because the election because
it's been such a big issue but I think
they only care about it because they got
caught on tape
Trump's firm got caught on tape then
Facebook tried to whether they say well
we'll suspend them and move on then you
lose 50 billion and suddenly you come
out and and now you discover the breach
Facebook is the place where everyone's
information is that which means all bad
actors are going to do that Mark
Zuckerberg himself said move fast and
break things will he move fast they
broke the trust of the American people
and the people around the world that are
on that platform that right
Rogers same question to you all right
this is totally inadequate if he'd done
this in 2015 it would have been a good
statement the problem is that in 2015
they found out about Cambridge analytic
oh yeah they failed to destroy the data
at the time six months later they
embedded three Facebook employees in the
Trump campaign headquarters side-by-side
with an entire team from Cambridge
analytic which were using the exact data
we're talking about here let me say that
let me play for you some what we would
call corroborating evidence and then I
want your analysis of it also from the
hidden tape a hidden videotape showing
Cambridge talking about they had entree
not only with ban and on their board but
all the way to Donald Trump have you met
mr. Kotter many times you have
the data analytics Roger
well they had three at least three
Facebook employees embedded in the
campaign with those exact people helping
them optimize their use of Facebook so
you know two nearest point when you're
in a tight race like Michigan or
Wisconsin or Pennsylvania the ability of
the Facebook people to take the
relatively crude stuff the Cambridge
analytic given--given and put it into
Facebook's extraordinary psychographic
capability it changed everything I mean
this had a profound impact on the
outcome of the election and I should
mention for context that the social
media companies tend to offer that
embedding to both sides and sure plays
out in different ways but to the the
narrower point you were making of course
it undercuts any idea that oh my god
this weekend we found out about we dealt
with this know you were handmaidens to
this
Neera I want to play one more thing and
then go to you near I want you to listen
to Mark Zuckerberg speaking to another
reporter because he is going to break
his his tendency to do just those hope
those homemade videos that they produced
at Facebook and they release with him
straight to camera I showed some of that
I want to show what we're gonna see
later because he's speaking to a
reporter who's a tech reporter he's not
committing to speak to Congress yet and
this was someone he's spoken to
previously so this was the nature the
kind of the kind of conversations they
had we keep hearing we've never been
more divided we've never been more
polarized and was it the political
climate that led to kind of this
awakening I think it's really this
feeling that simply connecting the world
it is not enough by itself that you also
have to work and do proactive work to
help bring people closer together yeah
yeah I mean obviously Clinton and others
have done tremendous work on how
Facebook is actually used to divide
people against each other at Cambridge
analytic I talked about how in this
video they talked about how they use
divisive
of techniques racially divisive
techniques but I like to just go back to
one point that was made earlier which is
you know this it's not that everybody
uses the same techniques Cambridge
analytical broke the rules these are
rules that as far as we know Hillary
Clinton's campaign did not have access
to they did not have access to 50
million people's data points that this
this is this is what is particularly
troubling now we have the third probably
of multiple instances in which the Trump
campaign broke the rules to have access
to specific data we've also known about
Russian hacking we also know about
Russian disinformation campaigns so I
think you know frankly Facebook has to
be a lot more honest for the American
people of how this this tool that we put
our trust in was manipulated by
Cambridge Anna Lilla and the Trump
campaign and what effect it actually had
right in the election and the exposure
is key because much of this is not in
doubt you have Cambridge suspending and
trying to at least say sorry we got
caught maybe it's not enough you have
Facebook under the pressure admitting it
you have a Cambridge whistleblower who
spoke to our own Savannah Guthrie
explaining his concern with how they do
business there's not a lot of debate
here about the bad things that were done
the only question is what will be done
about them and at this hour 6 12 p.m. on
the East Coast Mark Zuckerberg making no
moves towards publicly addressing it
under oath as so many other people I
would say so many other less central
players have already done in this probe
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
