look it's no secret that he and I have
had our differences of opinions it's no
secret that I've I've shared my opinions
about his tweets and the rest but what I
see is a president who is fighting for
the things that I'm fighting for I see a
president who's fighting for an agenda
that will make a positive difference in
people's lives that was of course House
Speaker Paul Ryan last year last year
noting that despite his differences with
the president President Trump they're
fighting for the same agenda well
despite Ryan's claims during the
election he would stand up for
Republican values the speaker has done
his best to not directly go after the
president this was his response last
summer for example when reports were
floating around the president might get
rid of Attorney General Jeff Sessions
and replace him with someone who would
fire special counsel Robert Muller it's
up to the President to decide what his
personal decisions is and and any
possible fallout that comes from that
personnel decisions here's what he said
after President Trump said they were
fine people on both sides in that
Charlottesville rally situation he made
comments that were much more morally
ambiguous much more confusing and I do
think he could have done better it is
very very important that we not make
this a partisan food fight and he
entirely avoided this question about
president Trump's accusers what is the
difference between his case in the case
of President Trump who was also accused
by a number of women and also denied him
I think they were more I don't know if
I'm focused on Congress in there anyway
but Ryan doesn't shy away from praising
the president when it benefits him
here's Ryan last night just last night
since taking office
Donald Trump has held true to what he
said he was going to do on the campaign
trail go figure
here's a man who ran for office said
what he was going to do in is doing it
he promised the Forgotten men and women
of this country that they'd be forgotten
no longer and that is the mantra that
has guided him every single day in the
White House
well this defense by Ryan of the
president heard congressman Ryan in the
midterm elections coming up in November
and
right now by Randy Bryce one of the
Democrats hoping to run against run in
Wisconsin's first District election
forecaster Larry Sabitha recently moved
that seat from safe Republican to only
like Republican what do you make when
you watch him I've never been you know I
know all the great press nobody gets
better pressed and I've never been
impressed by what he's done he talks
about the president of the way president
talks about Putin mm-hmm it's cozying up
to its toady behavior and he never seems
to do anything no well tell me about
your pitch against him how you gonna
beat him you got about three minutes
here well we've seen what happens when
what happens with 20 years of Paul Ryan
being in Washington DC the policies that
has been passed and aren't doing
anything to help the people of our
district he's been closing up the
billionaires lobbyists special interests
and things like this task scan where
he's talking about now he wants the same
we can't afford Social Security Medicare
and Medicaid after just given 1.5
trillion dollars to people that don't
need 1.5 trillion dollars he's going
after Medicare and Social Security
what's he want to do I have always
thought he he didn't like those programs
Ryan said he's an ideologue he doesn't
like that stuff well no and these are
the things that helped him to get get
him to where he is and now he wants to
cut it for everybody else these are
things that like what does he benefit
from personally well when his father
passed away and and he used Social
Security to get through college I see
and and now these things he wants to
take away from everybody else without
giving them any credit for his success
well I got survivors benefits and and I
always thought that was a good argument
for Democrats this year because the
Republicans led by him are going further
than Trump even they really want to get
rid of these programs that have been
around since Roosevelt and certainly
since Johnson that every middle-class
working-class family depends on right
and and I mean it's we needs to have
something in place and that is a
permanent solution but these are things
that people rely on while they're you
know when they have hard times in life
and that's that's why the past 20 years
I've been struggling and and Paul Ryan
doesn't know what struggle is that's
that's why I'm running to to make life
easier for not just the people of the
first District but for everybody around
the country that yeah the late governor
of Pennsylvania said when you get old
and sick all you've got is your family
God and your health insurance right
I don't think Brian understands that no
no absolutely not
there's a bother you he never stands up
to Trump and always misbehavior
well he did stand up to him once and
that was when it seemed like his donor
we're gonna be under attack when Donald
Trump called about issuing tariffs which
I don't think are that's not a bad idea
but I don't think Donald Trump is the
one to trust
to be able to enact some kind of a
tariffs to help protect our what's your
profession I'm a union iron worker good
work thank you very much thank you so
much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
