Mark Zuckerberg can give a full-throated
apology here but at the end of the day
if he didn't break the law and if
Facebook user you are not seeing with
great speed people deleting Facebook the
end of the day could we see this as a
push for him I think Mark Zuckerberg
statement reflects a pattern we've seen
which is they start with a lot of denial
and then eventually they issue
statements and then the question is
always whether the changes actually are
implemented we found there they're often
not this week has been different because
at one point they lost 50 billion
dollars in market value like you I just
got this statement he says here as well
I started Facebook at the end of the day
I'm responsible for what happens on the
platform I'm serious Zuckerberg says
about doing what it takes to protect our
community and then he tries to sort of
put it in a context and says this issue
involving Cambridge which of course is
Trump's digital firm should no longer
happen with new apps today but that
doesn't change what happened in the past
we'll learn from our experience to
secure our platform and I want to thank
everyone who believes in our mission it
will take a long time to fix these
problems digesting what he's saying I
think it's I think it's late I think it
still involves minimization and I think
it fundamentally misses the larger point
which is something you and I have been
reporting on which is Facebook is not
just in the crosshairs because of one
issue with one developer even one is
famous as Cambridge Facebook is in the
crosshairs for the larger context of the
abuse of fake news or the refusal of
Zuckerberg to go face down congressional
investigators he sent his lawyer he
wouldn't go face them he did go meet
with man vetted when he had business in
Russia he did go to China where the New
York Times reported they were developing
a sense of ship app so this is what I'll
say as a reporter we always welcome new
information Facebook putting out this
statement is better than nothing but
it's only a tiny bit better than nothing
it's a paper statement and this by the
way in the larger context is a company
that demands all of our personal data
all of our information all of our
privacy and it says that because that's
good for transparency we should all live
with it this is a company that demands
transparency and personal information
from its users and gives up very little
when they're under the gun
today we can complain about that all day
long hold on Facebook has thus far
abided by the law because they're
virtually unregulated and the people who
give Facebook information give it to
them by their own free will and we might
not realize what they're then doing with
it but can we expect Facebook or anyone
to self-police no one does I'll give a
short answer right and i see my
colleague on it and i hear who's
reporting the cambridge story all week
the short answer is what consent and
knowing consent means online that's
still being figured out in the cambridge
case which has cost them billions in
which he's responding to part of the
issue was a type of fraud where people
didn't understand exactly what they were
giving up and the misuse of their data
went global
so i think the short answer is no
facebook is clearly under the gun under
market pressure under under pressure
from senator mark warner on MSNBC today
saying he wants to directly from
zuckerberg and under yes use their
pressure to say you're not doing enough
to protect us I'm not saying there are
federal felonies at this juncture but
this is a global company there's subject
to laws in Europe they're subject to
right now review of whether this
violates prior consent decrees I am
seeing Facebook in the crosshairs this
week like I've never seen it I still
find it stunning that we Anna Schecter
we're bringing you back into this
conversation you were here earlier
talking Cambridge analytic abut what's
stunning to me is that the president has
not weighed in and the president is
hardly a friend of tech you know he goes
after Jeff Bezos and Amazon if we
thought that we looked and said well
who's Facebook's biggest competitor and
we thought China and we thought and we
thought $0.10 if we thought Alibaba
they are close to the government it's
amazing the president Trump you see him
go after companies like Nordstrom when
they drop Ivanka's line and this is a
major issue and yes he's got all this
entanglement with Cambridge I'm
analytical but he's not saying anything
yeah that's exactly right I think it's
important to note that Cambridge
analytic at the time in 2013 according
to Zach Roberts own statement they
didn't violate facebook policies so
basically this app that Alexander Cogan
created and the thousands of other apps
that were working on that platform they
all access the fronton the friend data
of all these unwitting people who had
absolutely no idea that their personal
information
was being accessed so that's just
incredibly stunning now Facebook say
says here Mark Zuckerberg is admitting
that in 2015
journalists at the Guardian told them
that hey you know there was a breach
here in Cambridge analytic 'got that
data so what has happened between 2015
and now that's really a big question is
this going to be a question though for
lawmakers for regulators can't we say to
them I think back to the financial
crisis and after the financial crisis we
were so mad at the bank's we said why
didn't these guys go to jail the reason
they didn't go to the jail they didn't
go to jail it's because they didn't
break the law because there weren't laws
in place to protect your average citizen
could the takeaway here me there aren't
laws in place to protect the average yes
yes I think you're putting your finger
on it what is law law is old politics it
goes deep you ready we're getting in
real deep as they always say as they
always say in Silicon Valley we're
getting real in the field law is old
politics so the things that politicians
cared about twenty years ago ten years
after that get written into law and then
agencies pop up so was this okay front
and center no right now to pick one
example that was so crucial in fake news
when you're running out on TV you have
to disclose a lot of that's when you run
an ad on Facebook you don't that is the
fault of Congress not Facebook but when
Facebook comes back and lobbies they
lobbied and we reported this on the beat
they lobbied extensively to argue that
they should not have to do disclosure
then we come out with a new statement
today saying oh we're so shocked by this
we're gonna ban developers we're gonna
make these changes
Loney this was all a business conflict
to begin with because they would rather
have a clicky active app fueled site as
much as possible whenever they can and
then they backtrack that the matter is
breathing hot fire because I will defend
Congress for a moment we know that
social media and technology moved at
lightning bit light speed
extraordinarily fast and we know that
the government moves like dinosaurs but
Facebook and these other social media
companies didn't just advance technology
they have massive lobbying efforts that
that protected them from regulation
moving forward and that is an issue
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
