now let's take you to Washington where
President Trump yesterday called to
congratulate Vladimir Putin on winning a
fourth term in office despite widespread
claims by international groups that the
election was absolutely unequivocally no
doubt rigged I had a call with President
Putin and congratulated him on the
victory his electoral victory the call
had to do also with the fact that we
will probably get together in the
not-too-distant future so that we can
discuss arms we can discuss the arms
race against that backdrop some of
trumps own aides reportedly warned him
in all caps not to congratulate Putin
and Trump did it anyway I want to bring
in NBC's Peter Alexander at the White
House Peter I'm utterly confused so like
put everything aside pretend everything
is in a vacuum you know nothing about
russia and robert muller president Trump
went out of his way to praise Putin and
not bring up extraordinarily important
and controversial topics like the
poisoning of a former Russian spy or
meddling in our own elections which
anyone who is in the know who is part of
the administration has said yep Russia
is trying to interfere in the next
election cycle and the only thing we
heard at a president Trump and I think
it was three times in a one minute span
well I believe President Putin and I are
going to see each other very soon very
soon we're going to see each other very
soon I believe what kids Stephanie
here's the bottom line it's just the
latest in what is obviously a long
pattern of behavior by this president we
heard from Lindsey Graham basically
saying that you know when you don't call
out Vladimir Putin you you embolden him
with a question right now for this
president who's gladly openly criticized
others including foreign leaders take
London's mayor Britain's Prime Minister
of Theresa May it's this continued
reluctance to strongly criticize Putin
as you is you laid it out there the
president congratulating Putin on his
re-election another six-year term
despite those specific warnings from his
national security advisors not to the
Washington Post is reporting this at the
words do not congratulate were written
in all caps literally inside the
president's briefing book he also
reportedly ignored instructions
instructions that he condemned the
recent poisoning of a former Russian spy
in Britain what's interesting about all
these things is the White House has said
this has happened the administration has
spoken out about it but the president
can't say it when he's on the phone with
Putin himself didn't even bring up
Russia's meddling in the u.s. election
even though the administration just
imposed sanctions within the last
several days against individuals in that
country it is worth noting in 2012
President Obama congratulated Putin
after his re-election President Trump
for his part woke up this morning
attacking the Russia probe again in a
series of what you likely saw were some
typos filled tweets John McCain's
blasted the president for the call and
the Senate's top Republican Mitch
McConnell he did as well when I look at
a Russian election you know what I see
is a lack of credibility and tallying
the results calling him wouldn't have
been high on my list that was Mitch
McConnell short time ago sir yesterday
Sarah Sanders also pushing back arguing
the white house simply Stephanie can't
dictate how other countries operate keep
an eye out there the vice president he's
supposed to speak today and among his
reforms what are you talking about we
comment on those things as a world
leader all the time this is possibly say
that well they was striking to hear her
say that and what's notable is you're
supposed to hear from the vice president
later today if it doesn't get cancelled
I reached out to them a short time ago
to see he's supposed to address the
Organization of American States and
specifically on the topic of Venezuela
the humanitarian crisis they're expected
to call them out to hold free and fair
elections so this this didn't make a lot
of sense to us frankly it's a pattern
that has existed in the past Obama did
it the Bush administration did it were
they called in other countries to hold
free and fair elections frankly
sometimes there was criticism that Obama
didn't go further because the fear was
that it would look like they were
propping up the the protesters civilian
young protesters in places like Iran but
they certainly said it in places like
Kenya
in Congo in Iran and Cuba so this this I
think was a striking moment I'm utterly
confused the White House sees no issue
in the president calling out Nordstrom a
retailer a publicly traded company when
they decide to carry less of Ivanka
Trump's spring line no issue there but
it would be an issue to weigh in on
undemocratic unfair elections that
happen across the world that's a
confusing one to me maybe Sarah Sanders
can help me out there all right Peter
please go inside
it's snowing out there I wanna bring my
panel in it is a good one Betsy Woodruff
is a politics reporter for The Daily
Beast and my dear friend bill Cohen a
special correspondent for Vanity Fair
okay Betsy what's the bigger deal the
president Trump congratulated Putin or
that he seemed to go against his own
teams very specific all caps warning
that of course then got leaked out it's
hard to even answer that question
look there's something darkly ironic
about the fact that this president is
willing to congratulate Vladimir Putin
on his elections at the same time that
he and his allies vociferously and you
nificantly say that there is widespread
voter fraud here in the United States it
just goes to show that the president is
willing to criticize people only if they
criticize him first one of the strangest
and I think most important things about
this vital Washington Post reporting is
the fact that we even know about this
all caps note that we've written on the
president's briefing it's a really
really tiny group of people who have
access to that information and what this
reporting means is that at least one
person in that group thought something
has gone very wrong and the American
public needs to know about it
that's quite telling CIA that is an
excellent point because I saw last night
on Twitter Ari Fleischer was saying how
how what how upsetting it was that
someone would leak something like this
out but is it upsetting that someone
would leak it or is it upsetting that
someone that close to the president sees
this as that big of a deal that they
need to alert the public I'm actually
encouraged that somebody that close to
the president felt strongly enough that
they
to get this out because I have to say
this Stephanie and this is gonna sound a
little bit nutty but I think this may be
the lowest point yet in the Trump
presidency because to be told by your
advisors do not congratulate in capital
letters and then have a call with
Vladimir Putin where you congratulate
him on a fixed election victory I don't
even understand what that's about
there's obviously something that we all
have been talking about for months that
he Russians have on Donald Trump whether
it's related to money or sex I don't
know or both but there's something there
because how could you be the president
United States and congratulate a
dictator on a rigde let's stay on that
because Betsy this takes us to unforced
errors because for those who say
president Trump won the election fair
and square
he never colluded with Russia I'm sick
of hearing about that robert muller has
given us no evidence yet but four people
in that camp you can turn to them and
say well after president Trump won he
Mike Flynn was on the phone with
Russians they did nothing to push more
sanctions even now the president was was
was dragged after the deadline to put in
place these sanctions and he continues
to never speak out against Vladimir
Putin originally Rex Tillerson supported
Theresa May on saying that the poisoning
Russia was to blame for the poisoning
when Sarah Huckabee Sanders said we just
don't know yet and now we have this does
the president and his legal team not
realize that all of these breadcrumbs
make those even who support the
president scratch their heads and say
buddy what's the deal with Putin the
president and his legal team are deeply
concerned about the prospect of Trump
himself having to sit down for an
interview with Bob Muller I can tell you
that it's something his lawyers do not
relish they've been in negotiations with
Miller T Miller's team for quite some
time and for very understandable reasons
aren't excited about the idea of the
president going in for that interview so
I think that's part of the reason that
we're seeing Trump becomes so
surprisingly critical of the Miller
probe over the last few days
at the same time however if you were to
make a group of people who think molar
is on to something that group would
include the staff at the Treasury
Department who put 13 Russians who molar
indicted for meddling in the election on
their list of sanctioned Russians if you
want to argue that molar is fake news or
that he's a witch-hunt you have to make
that argument to the political
appointees that Trump himself installed
at Treasury it's that's really at the
treaty unusual situation exactly I
wonder about the Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin who was with President
Trump throughout the campaign remember
when they were working with Cambridge
analytical we got it I got it get this
in quickly I need to share what former
CIA director John Brennan told bully
guys this morning do you believe he's
somehow in debt to the President of
Russia I think he's afraid of the
President of Russia why well no I think
one could speculate as to why that the
Russians may have something on him
personally that they could always roll
out and make his life more difficult if
the Russians I think have had long
experience with with mr. Trump and may
have things that they could expose
something personal perhaps perhaps
perhaps
oh there's Occam's razor
the most obvious thing has to be the
thing that it is
I mean it's so clear at this point that
Vladimir Putin and his associates
somebody has something on Donald Trump
there's no other reason he would be so
praiseworthy and continuously be so
essentially as John Brennan said afraid
of Vladimir Putin and what he has over
him I don't know what it is hopefully
Robert Muller can help us figure it out
and and and uncover it and share it with
us but there's something there Occam's
razor who's the puppet all right Betsy
bill thank you we're going to take a
break hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
