it's for the target e the digital
television campaign and our nature
called in the strategy
that is the latest batch of undercover
recordings from NBC News UK partner ITN
Channel four News involving the CEO of
Cambridge analytic the company at the
center of the controversy over
harvesting data from millions of
Facebook users Cambridge CEO Alexander
Nicks who could be heard there talking
about the company's work for the Trump
campaign and belittling the House Intel
committee in those recordings has now
been suspended in the wake of these
latest videos Cambridge analytic has
released a statement that reads in part
Cambridge analytic has never claimed it
won the election for President Trump
this is patently absurd we are proud of
the work we did on that campaign and
have spoken in many public forums about
what we consider to be our contribution
to the campaign the statement goes on as
one of the companies that played a
prominent role in the 2016 election
campaign Cambridge analytic is committed
to supporting and assisting the House
Intelligence Committee investigation
into Russian interference in the
election in any way that we can joining
us now is Kiley Morris Washington
correspondent for the UK's Channel four
News which conducted that undercover
investigation of Cambridge analytical
also with us the top Democrat on the
House Intelligence Committee congressman
Adam Schiff of California Congressman
let me start with you is Cambridge
analytic in fact helping the house Intel
committee with its investigation well if
it does it will be fairly new certainly
we had Alexander Nicks testify and now
this was done at majority insistence by
videoconference even though mr. Nix told
us that he was willing to come in in
person and nonetheless we didn't get the
information that we needed
and in light of these whistleblower
allegations there are serious questions
and questions about the truthfulness of
mr. Nick's testimony so we have invited
Christopher Wiley to come in he'll be
testifying before us we're also inviting
Alexandra Cogan to come in and we ought
to bring Alexander nix back and frankly
the other Cambridge analytical witnesses
that had been on our witness lists still
a lot of questions how did they get this
data
what did Facebook know about the method
in which they got the data did they
bring on this researcher for the purpose
of obtaining it inappropriately these
are important questions as well as the
links to Luke Oil and the an Alexander
Kogan's links to st. Petersburg
University so we can try and put some of
those questions to Kyleigh what are the
key revelations that come out of this
undercover video and this great
reporting well first of all we've had a
number of films so this was undercover
reporting where a couple of our team
members went along and pretended to be
Sri Lankan nationals looking for advice
on how to win some elections in Sri
Lanka
so Cambridge analytic er we had four
meetings with them for the final meeting
alexander nix himself turns up they
talked about a whole series of kind of
dirty tricks about sending Ukrainian
women around to rooms where potential
opponents could be filmed and that could
be put out on the Internet they talked
about bribery they talked about how
information doesn't necessarily need to
be true it just needs to be believable
and the way that you use the Internet I
think it was really revealing they
talked about kind of just putting things
into the bloodstream of the internet
that was kind of untrackable and
untraceable they described a world of
you doing yeah it's absolutely chilling
Mike Barnicle
congressman Schiff for the
technologically incompetent that would
be me and perhaps many others can you
explain how this information was
weaponized and where is Facebook and all
of this are they fully cooperating well
I think it was a weaponized in a very
sophisticated way the Cambridge
analytical data analytics firm acquired
50 million users information private
data they use this to try to analyze
these
individual Facebook users to figure out
how would they be vulnerable to
different messages should they appear to
appeal to fear should they appeal to
hatred how can they tailor make specific
messages for specific audiences in the
service of the Trump campaign this Wow
those users who are being targeted would
not have known that the private data was
being effectively used against them now
I think among the questions we need
answers from Facebook and don't yet have
them although we are getting a briefing
today or you know why did it take until
now to suspend Cambridge analytic what
did they know about this breach what did
they do to audit to determine whether in
fact when representations were made that
the data was destroyed whether in fact
it was destroyed and are there counter
indications now so a lot of I think very
important questions
I'm sure the FTC will have other
questions too in terms of whether
Facebook has complied with a consent
decree that required disclosure of the
violation of the privacy of their users
data so a lot I think for Facebook to
answer caddy
Kylie we don't know exactly what impact
Cambridge analytical's work had on the
election or on American voters and
there's been some speculation that
actually they were sort of selling
something that was much bigger than what
they actually had but we do know that
the Mercer's funded Cambridge analytic
oh that Steve Bannon was the vice
president on came Channel it occurs
board so connect the dots from us from
what
the Trump campaign and his supporters
were trying to do with Cambridge
analytic and what they knew about how
much did they know what this
organisation was selling so Steve Bannon
was involved at the very earliest stages
of inception of Cambridge analytic okay
Medina litigate is built off the back of
a British company SEL which is existed
for many years so Cambridge analytic oh
the Mercer's get involved they put money
behind the company Steve Bannon is there
as we've heard from the whistleblower
looking for ways to kind of weaponize
his culture Wars he's looking for
information and an approach algorithms
that might magically deliver that so
that is what they're working on they
become involved early in 2014 we know
they were involved in on a couple of
Senate races for the midterms and then
coming into 2016 initially they're
working with the Cruz camp
and then the murse of money and all that
technology all that data gets moved to
the Trump campaign we know from
contemporaneous reporting at a time that
you know that that targeting that
information was used to tie better
target the kind of Facebook ads that
were used very enthusiastically by the
campaign in the final months however the
campaign says that Cambridge analytical
says the stolen Facebook data wasn't
instrumental in the work that was done
at that time it's very difficult for us
to check that the whistle blower wasn't
working in the company at that time so
there are lots of questions still to be
answered congressman as we close want to
just turn to another the big story of
the morning which is the developments on
the part of the White House the
president and inside the White House
involving the president's call with
Vladimir Putin how it was handled the
information that was leaked that he
should not congratulate him and yet he
did on this quote election and then how
the White House handled the press office
handled answering questions about that
how would you characterize where we
stand right now as it pertains to Trump
and Russia and the investigation well
we've certainly come a long way from the
days when we would bear any burden
painting price in support of freedom to
the kind of Sarah Sanders explanation
that well we really can't comment or
affect democracy in other places that is
not the position of the leader of the
free world and for the president nine
states to call Putin congratulate him
against the advice of his cabinet when
Putin essentially prohibited his main
rival from running for office what kind
of congratulations are due for that
subversion of the democratic process I
think John McCain is absolutely right
it's an assault to every Russian voter
congressman Adam Schiff thank you very
much for being on this morning Kylie
Morris thank you as well
Katty Kay you're leaving I guess okay
we'll see you soon all right thank you
coming up last week Sarah Huckabee
Sanders dodged on whether Vladimir Putin
is Friend or Foe yesterday she was asked
whether Russia's elections were free and
fair and her answer again was far from
definitive we're gonna play that
exchange it's staggering
straight ahead on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
