we are happy to have with us former CIA
director John Brennan who is now an NBC
News senior national security and
intelligence analyst director Brennan
it's really good to have you on this
morning you have been increasingly vocal
against President Trump on February 20th
the president tweeted I have been much
tougher on Russia than Obama just look
at the facts total fake news and you
replied it never ceases to amaze me how
successful you have been making yourself
so small petty and banal with your
tweets your insecurity is well-deserved
as is your concern over Russia
investigation Thomas Paine was right
when he said these are the times that
try men's souls
earlier this month Trump tweeted about
the loss of American jobs from president
HW Bush till now stating it was a bad
result it was a result of bad policies
and leadership you countered with you
show an amazing albeit unsurprising
ignorance of how technology automation
and the attendant evolution of economics
and societies have transformed the world
your simple-minded policies imposition
of tariffs have the potential to
seriously damage our future prosperity
and just last Saturday Trump tweeted
about the firing of Andrew McCabe
writing in part sanctimonious James
Comey was his boss and made McCabe look
like a choirboy
he knew all about the lies and
corruption going on at the highest
levels of the FBI and you replied when
the full extent of your venality moral
turpitude and political corruption
becomes known you will take your
rightful place as a disgraced demagogue
in the dustbin of history you may
scapegoat Andy McCabe but you will not
destroy America America will triumph
over you is America being tried at this
point especially in terms of its place
in the world is this president letting
our country down well I think the
president has shown a lack of
understanding of
International Affairs as well as a real
ignorance of what it takes to be
president the United States and that's
what prompted my tweets he is
mean-spirited he is dishonest he has
shown a lack of integrity and he has
continued to I think to me in the office
of the presidency and so I've decided to
put my silence aside and to speak up and
speak out because I do think our future
is in jeopardy
while mr. Trump continues his antics let
me follow up on that are we on the verge
of a constitutional crisis well I think
many of the Senators and members of
Congress have said that if Trump decides
to sack Muller that we are going to be
in a constitutional crisis tonight I
have great confidence in Bob Muller he
is a tremendous American and he is going
to get to the bottom of this
investigation but at mr. Trump who I
think is increasingly feeling the
pressure and I'm feeling very anxious
and nervous about what's going on if he
decides to remove Bob Muller I do think
then we're going to be at that crisis
point mr. director you just said our
future is in jeopardy that's a chilling
statement from someone who knows the
things you know about the way our
government works and what's happening
around the world what do you mean
specifically by that well I think he's
mishandled so many matters so just look
at what happened yesterday with his call
to lobbying Putin Vladimir Putin was the
person who authorized the interference
in our election I've met Putin almost
certainly was involved in directing the
poisoning of an individual on British
soil and to congratulate him and to
treat him so nicely while he treats
Americans with such disdain I think it
just demonstrates that he looks at the
world through a prism of what is going
to help and protect Donald Trump that is
not what presence is supposed to do I
work for six presidents I didn't agree
with some of their policies but all of
them all of them were trying to do what
they thought was best for the United
States that's not mr. Trump he is
self-absorbed and he is trying to just
promote his own interests and protect
his flanks is it a war with North Korea
that concerns you in other words when
you say our future is in jeopardy what
what
long-term damage gonna happen to the
country because of one model I don't
know what he's going to do with North
Korea I mean the fact that he you know
opted to have a summit meeting with Kim
jong-un before really any preparation
was being done it shows his
impetuousness the fact that he is not
you know looking at issues with the type
of depth and sophistication that is
needed he totally ignored the briefing
cards that were given to him for his
call with Putin when encaptured said do
not congratulate so I think he's miss
handling these things and the United
States plays a very important role
around the globe and I don't know what
mr. Trump is going to do but he is not
somebody who's going to study these
issues he's not going to take his time
to think about what's in the best
interests United States so I am
concerned about our future national
security what do you chalk it up to why
won't the president thank you confront
Vladimir Putin why won't he read the
cards and say the things that you say
need to be said to Vladimir Putin do you
believe he's somehow in debt to the
President of Russia I think he's afraid
of the President of Russia why well no I
think one can speculate as to why that
the Russians may have something on him
personally that they could always roll
out and make his life more difficult
clearly I think it's important for us to
be able to improve relations with Russia
but the fact that he has has had this
fawning attitude toward mr. Putin has
not said anything negative about him I
think continues to you know say to me
that he does have something to fear and
something very serious if you believe
Russia has something on him I I believe
that the Russians would would not they
would opt for things to do if they
believed that it was in their interest
and the Russians I think have had long
experience with with mr. Trump and may
have things that they could expose
something personal perhaps perhaps
perhaps what does it tell you about the
White House staff the national security
staff their thoughts about the sitting
president of the United States when it's
leaked within two hours something so
sensitive about about a topic so
sensitive as is yesterday well I think
it reflects their frustration and
probably also their disgust but the
president United States when who is
going to be talking to mr. Putin refuses
to follow the advice of the Russian
experts from the
security staff that is something that I
think they feel that what's the sense of
doing their job if he's just going to
come counter man what it is that they
are recommending so the fact that
somebody called Washington Post and gave
detailed information about it I think it
shows the level of frustration has
reached a fever pitch right now in the
in the White House so yesterday the
crown prince of Saudi Arabia was in
Washington DC what does this presidency
the way it's been conducted due to our
allies not just Saudi Arabia ostensibly
an ally but France Germany Great Britain
very Britain suffering through someone
being poisoned ostensibly by Russia
allegedly by Russia on its own soil does
the President of the United States today
does his word mean anything to our
allies well they're asking themselves
questions about does this mean that the
United States has changed from its
fundamental position of being the leader
of the free world and can we trust
anything that comes out of the mouth of
the incumbent in the Oval Office because
he has demonstrated that he changes his
views changes his position changes his
words so I think there's a real sense of
on settlements around the globe among
our partners and allies I think it is
playing into mr. Putin's hands because
the United States is not seen as that
reliable partner an ally that's going to
be supportive particularly of our
European partners I think Angela Merkel
and others are really scratching their
heads trying to figure out exactly what
can she count on the United States for
these days given that mr. Trump is in
the Oval Office I want to read a
statement Senator John McCain responded
to yesterday's developments saying an
American president does not lead the
free world by congratulating dictators
on winning sham elections and by doing
so with Vladimir Putin President Trump
insulted every Russian citizen who was
denied the right to vote in a free and
fair election to determine their
country's future including the countless
Russian Patriots who have risked so much
to protest and resist Putin's regime
very strong words from Senator McCain
caddy
yes Senator McCain is sick but he is an
ill and frail but he is not
holding back when it comes about
speaking out against this president what
he sees his egregious behavior John
Brennan I just want to ask you a couple
of very quick questions first of all you
just said you thought it was possible
that the Russians had something on
Donald Trump you would director of the
CIA until 2017 is that speculation or
are you talking with information no I'm
saying that perhaps the Russians have
something and that's why mr. Trump is
concerned mr. Trump knows better than
anyone of us whether or not the Russians
may have something on him so I think
it's very difficult to try to explain
his ba behavior and why he has taken and
opted in this position visa vie Vladimir
Putin personally and so one can again
speculate that maybe there's something
there you've worked for six American
presidents both Republican and Democrat
have you ever spoken out in the way that
you are doing now against one of your
former bosses no this is the second time
that I've retired the first time I
didn't speak out it at all I I said some
things in terms of policies but never
about the person and this is a very
different person who inhabits the Oval
Office again he lacks integrity he's
dishonest he's mean-spirited and
he is not in taking into account what
really needs to be done as far as you
know the United States national security
interests are concerned so I am very
concerned about the direction that we're
heading in and that's why I have chosen
spoke out like other former intelligence
officials it's lamentable that we have
to but this isn't about politics I'm not
a Republican or a Democrat this is about
the future of our country our national
security our future prosperity and mr.
Trump I think is failing on so many
fronts and what I'm most frustrated
about is that he has hoodwinked so many
individuals who have legitimate concerns
about their their state right now in
terms of economics about their future
employment prospects he has hoodwinked
them he and I use them in one of my
tweets that the term charlatan I think
he is masterful when it comes to putting
out messages that are deceptive and lead
people to believe that he has solutions
to very complicated problems so those
the people I feel most badly about the
ones that have been misled by mr. Trump
we've heard mr. director from Dan Coates
at a DNI we
from Admiral Mike Rogers that still
today knowing what we know about
Russia's interference in the 2016
election not enough is being done to
counteract it from happening again that
it's ongoing and will happen in 2018 and
again in 2020 and your assessment why
isn't more being done if we've
identified the problem why aren't we
going all out to fight it that's a very
good question and I know this an
intelligence committee has come out with
some recommendations and I'm interested
in looking at them in detail but this is
a real challenge as far as dealing with
the the digital domain in the cyber
environment I think Russian interference
in 2016 election was very symptomatic of
the vulnerabilities that exist the
opportunities for troublemaking there I
have long argued that there needs to be
an independent commission to deal with
the challenges in the cyber domain just
like we had after the 9/11 attacks
we had a 9/11 Commission that
thoughtfully over a period of time
looked at what it we needed to do as a
country the cyber environment is much
more challenging as an issue than kind
of tourism and yet we are still taking
these intermediate these very limited
steps in terms of what it is we need to
do why is that though I mean if you know
what you have to do why aren't the full
steps being taken oh well I think we
have to ask our legislators it really is
up to Congress and try to initiate an
independent commission that is going to
bring together the technologists
scientists futurists government
officials private sector the the digital
domain has owned and operated 85% by the
private sector so it's not a government
at post solution it has to be a
unprecedented partnership between the
private and the public sectors and also
I think there needs to be more of a
national consensus about what the role
of government is going to be in that
environment
what should the FBI NSA CIA be doing to
monitor and to help to thwart the the
the attacks and the assaults that are
taking place there we're just looking at
tweets from President Trump in the past
10 minutes with misspellings and I'll
try and read them special counsel as
told to find crimes whether crimes exist
or not I was opposed to the selection of
Muller to be special counsel I still am
opposed to it I think I guess he's
quoting somebody
oh he's quoting Alan Dershowitz I think
President Trump was right when he said
there never should have been a special
counsel appointed because there was no
probable cause for believing there was
any crime
lucien or otherwise or obstruction of
justice so stated by Harvard Law
Professor Alan Dershowitz in a series of
two tweets misspelled including
misspellings by President Trump so mr.
director with that in mind tell us you
were talking about you're worried about
the vulnerabilities that exist given
that this president has such terrible
character spell out for our viewers if
you could with some examples of what
you're most worried about what might
happen especially given these latest
tweets where he's really pushing back
and he's pushing that back against
Muller by name well I think you have
concerns on the international front as
well as on the domestic front on the
international front I'm hoping we're not
going to see a wag the dog scenario
whereby he is going to try to distract
the attention here domestically and
politically on him and engage in some
type of international initiative that is
going to really put our our nation at
risk military action against North Korea
may be doing something visa via Iran
again tearing up the Iranian nuclear
agreement and provoking and pushing for
some type of confrontation in the Gulf
on the domestic front if he sacks rod
Rosenstein or Bob Muller I think that
really is going to bring this country to
the brink of crisis and that's when I
think the members of Congress
particularly Republicans in Congress are
going to step up and do what is
necessary in order to protect this
country thank goodness we have
individuals like Senator John McCain
who's a national treasure who will speak
up forcefully when he sees that this
country is being wronged and when he is
very concerned about what mr. Putin is
going to do to take advantage of us so
whether it be with one of our
adversaries within North Korea Iran
whether it is going to be a one of our
partners and allies is going to have
less confidence in the United States and
then start to move toward Russia and
China again hurting us on the
international field these are things
that I think all of us should be worried
about and I do believe that there are
individuals within the White House and
their security staff and also within the
Congress that are looking at mr. Trump
seeing here that he's acting more and
more like a cornered animal
and lashing out whatever way he can and
who knows what that cornered animal will
do once there really see the threat to
their survival
mr. particle mr. director we've already
had one assault perhaps an act of war
against the United States by Russia on
our electoral system and you talked
about the difficulty of dealing with
cyber warfare do you think today we are
less safe today in terms of cyber war
against our electric grids financial
systems than we were two or three years
ago are we are we not paying enough
attention well I think every day the
individual is responsible for the
security of those different types of
infrastructure are doing their best to
try to prevent all the intrusions and
assaults is taking place but the fact
that this country has such a wide array
of critical infrastructure there are
tremendous opportunities for adversaries
to get into the system navigate deploy
malware and maybe leave it there so that
at some point they could activate it so
I think every day we have to be looking
at how we can further strengthen these
systems because every day our
adversaries are developing new
techniques new technologies new ways to
assault whether it be critical
infrastructure or other parts of our
economic and political system so it's
hard for me to say right now whether or
not we're less safe than we were before
I just think that there are more actors
out there and it's not just the
nation-states and security intelligence
services
it's these various companies that have
the capabilities to do this former CIA
director and NBC News senior national
security and intelligence analyst John
Brennan thank you so much for being here
with us this morning thank you and still
ahead on Morning Joe from the Foreign
Relations Committee Senator Chris Coons
reacts to the president's latest
overture to Russia and his latest tweets
against Bob Muller and what we just
heard from the former CIA director plus
the top House Democrat on an
intelligence issue congressman Adam
Schiff joins the conversation thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more from morning
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
