I had a call with President Putin and
congratulated him on the victory his
electoral victory the call had to do
also with the fact that we will probably
get together in the not-too-distant
future Latterman Putin's electoral
victory came in an election that pretty
much no one is calling free or fair
Putin's most prominent opponents were
barred from running election observers
reported instances of intimidation and
voter coercion cameras captured several
instances of people literally stuffing
ballot boxes Senator John McCain
released an angry statement in response
to Trump's congratulatory call which
read in part an American president does
not lead the free world by
congratulating dictators I'm winning
sham elections Trump's call came just
days after the u.s. placed new sanctions
on Russia for interfering in our
election and he made it despite an
apparent Russian orchestrated
assassination attempt on a former spy
that involved the deployment of a nerve
agent on the soil of America's closest
ally The Washington Post reports tonight
that Trump's own national security
advisers warned him not to congratulate
Putin but he just did it anyway despite
a section in his written briefing
materials imploring him in all caps do
not congratulate not only that Trump
ignored talking points from aides
instructing him to condemn Putin about
the recent poisoning at the White House
Sarah Sanders whose job it is to justify
the president's behavior no matter how
unusual it might be told reporters that
Trump did not bring up the poisoning ear
Russian election interference on the
call does the White House believe that
the election in Russia was free and fair
in terms of the election there were
focused on our elections we don't get to
dictate how other countries operate so
the White House doesn't like talking
about these sham elections in other
countries except when it does like last
year with Venezuela his recent actions
culminating in yesterday's outrageous
seizure of absolute power through the
sham election of the National
Constituent Assembly represent a very
serious blow to democracy in our
hemisphere
Maduro is not just a bad leader he is
now a dictator same podium same white
house same issues with the election but
somehow Putin gets a pass
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
