hopefully we have two senators here
they're teaming up in an effort to also
kid some answers because they have
questions too it's Republican Senator
John Kennedy of Louisiana and Democratic
senator Amy Klobuchar Minnesota senators
welcome to the show thank you all right
before I dig into Facebook I know that I
want to ask you both individually this
reaction to Lindsey Graham calling the
firing of Bob Muller an impeachable
offense senator Kennedy do you see it
that way he hasn't been fired
I mean before Chuck we get all moved up
I think we need to wait and see what
happens look I know what the president
said in this tweets the president likes
to think out loud as I said earlier
today the president clearly grows
anxious when he has an unexpressed
thought that's his management style but
he hasn't fought fired mother I don't
expect him to fire mr. Buller
oh Carson's lawyer said Sunday night he
wouldn't fire mr. Butler
and I don't think mr. mother will be
fired I think mr. Butler ought to be
allowed to complete his investigation
now if that changes I'll be glad to do a
deep dive into it but until then we're
just speculating senator klobuchar where
are you on this well I think what
senator Graham was talking about is if
the president breaks a law and the law
says the rule says it was put in place
after the Saturday night massacre when
Richard Nixon fired a bunch of people in
the Justice Department the law says that
you have to have four cause to fire a
Special Counsel and in this case a rod
Rosen Stein has testified under oath
that there isn't cause to do that and I
agree with Senator Kennedy that you
should allow counsel Muller to do his
job and I think what senator Graham was
referring to was is what the law is that
it can be an impeachable offense if
someone breaks the law all right let me
move to Facebook they were supposed to
be up in the hill briefing a lot of you
today and tomorrow have either one of
you been briefed today by Facebook or
have you both been I haven't been and I
think it's important that their briefing
people but you know they've sent their
lawyers and their lobbyists up here
before and we think with a
reach this big 50 million people you
should have the CEO before the committee
well and you guys can demand that but
your committee chairs not there yet
senator Kennedy what can you do to
convince senator Grassley to do this hmm
well senator Grassley marches to the
beat of his own his own drum I'm gonna
be as persuasive as I can look we've
seen the headlines last few days with
Cambridge antithetical but the issue is
bigger than Cambridge analytical I think
Facebook's a fine company but let's face
it they're no longer a company they're
our country their power is massive we're
in a brave new world here I've got a few
questions for Facebook I want to know to
what extent if any when we're on
Facebook and I go on Facebook a book lot
we're really seeing a contrived world
made up by Facebook algorithms you know
sort of like Truman and The Truman Show
wow I want to know to what extent if any
Facebook has been abusing our data not
being a good steward of our data and the
ultimate question Chuck it seems to me
is how can we preserve the good things
about Facebook and there are some good
things while at the same time combatting
what appear to be abuses senator clever
char why do you think it's been so hard
to get Mark Zuckerberg to testify
because he didn't come up the last time
you brought him all up well I'm sure he
doesn't want to be asked the questions
that Senator Kennedy just put forward
and by the way I think we should have
two hearings one for Cambridge
analytical and figure out what went
there with the Russians but the other
one is not just Mark Zuckerberg but
we've asked for the CEOs of all the
social media companies they had set up
products that they made a ton of money
on and a lot of their business model is
basically building this product with no
alarms and no locks on the doors and
then they act surprised when the bad guy
gets in that's what's happened here and
we have a duty to protect the American
people and our democracy going forward
in the next election and
them what happened right well how big
was the damage and how are they're gonna
fix it
senator Jamie what is it is complicated
Chuck yes I think everyone can agree
that poison is being spread on the
internet right but but you quickly get
into First Amendment issues the critical
question is what is poison well that's
what I'm right now I guess rash there's
another person's treasure right what is
the expectation though I guess the
question is what's the line here it's
like look you can't regulate people
deciding on their own to say sure
Facebook use me all you want
sell my data is the is the issue here
Facebook hasn't been forthcoming at how
accessible all of our data is to people
okay number one they are under a consent
decree with the FTC from 2011 where they
said that there were privacy issues in
and that every violation would be 40
thousand bucks that's a lot of money if
you count out 50 million the reports are
the FTC is opening an investigation so
that's not legal if they violated that
the second thing that's not legal is if
there's campaign finance violations
maybe not by them but by Cambridge
analytical or by another campaign or the
Trump campaign where they got 50 million
records for a few million dollars any
business would love to see that so there
is a number of things and finally I'd
add if you're gonna give away your
privacy and your information you should
have rules in place for that you know if
you're sign away not just your personal
data and your address but also your
friends and one more thing Chuck I think
we're getting that 385 million dollars
for election infrastructure in this
omnibus agreement if there is one and
that would go a long way to help the
states that's the bill I led with
Senator Langford well hey I got more
money for you actually in doing your
math looks like we got two billion
dollars in fines um that would be a
decent amount of money to put toward
election security as well yes what
didn't I don't know how they're gonna
calculate but that could be a lot yes
that could be a lot I mean it should
should this one it should be Senator
Kennedy that essentially the only way to
get social media firms to to police
themselves is saying look if any of this
stuff gets away you will
you owe the government X amount of money
it's how we do Superfund cleanups it's
essentially been the that's been the the
Superfund site which is essentially pay
for it with industry paying for their
mistakes maybe but I don't think we're
there yet Chuck let me said again the
social media platforms have done a lot
of good but as they've got more powerful
we understand the potential for abuse
and what I'm asking are the policymakers
from these companies including but not
limited to Facebook to come talk to us
let's talk frankly straight up in front
of God and country about the issues we
all know what exists I was I was a
mildly offended when Facebook sent their
and the other company sent their lawyers
to the first hearing right I don't know
what they were paid but they they did a
damn good job because they didn't say
anything I mean they dodged and bobbed
and weaved and stalled and Restall and
we couldn't get much information out of
him and it was waste of uh of Facebook's
money and and our time and Senator
Kennedy's pretty good at asking
questions if you haven't noticed no I
know yes shotgun so he wants that
opportunity you know we just want to
talk and face frankly these issues that
have been put in front of the American
people both of you have been seeds of
privacy both of you have been successful
politicians anyway well you both have it
if Facebook were a politician how much
trouble would you tell them they were in
right now with the American people that
hope you know you're not going to win
your quote next election if you keep
behavior like this I mean it does seem
as if they don't they're not quite
self-aware of their constituencies being
upset there's the delete Facebook stuff
what advice would you give them
I have politicians first of all I think
they see what's happening when they look
at the what happened to their stock in
the last yesterday with some enormous
decrease so I think they know it I don't
think they need us to tell us but what I
think their problem has been and I agree
with Senator Kennedy brilliant companies
they've given us these products we can't
even imagine where we can communicate
with friends and family what I think
they look at things it seems like as a
PR crisis day by day by day as opposed
to looking at the business model and
realizing if they're going to make this
work and to continue to be strong
they're going to have to want some rules
of the road in place so that we have a
way to monitor this and to work with
them so that we don't have these BOTS
bombarding our sites and that we don't
have an illegal ads put there and I've
been really frustrated that they haven't
supported the honest ads act that I have
with Senator McCain and Warner because
that's all we're saying there is just
follow the roads the rules of the road
that we have for print media and TV and
radio and if they won't do that how are
we going to confront all this other
stuff
senator Kenny have you signed on to her
bill because I am surprised Facebook
hasn't at least glommed onto that it
would be an easy PR move for them I have
not but it's on my desk
I think it's clearly an option force
right but but the issues that I think
Amy and I are raising in addition there
Cambridge analytical our larger issues
development can only be answered with
Facebook's involvement if now if they if
they don't want to be involved this is
America you know within reason you can
do what you want but I think Congress is
probably going to go forward yeah I
think so you you guys have the subpoena
to be at the table you guys have the
subpoena power when you want to use it
it's all up to your Chairman if he wants
to use it Senators Kennedy and clove
Bashar it's always nice to have a
bipartisan duo on to break down an issue
you guys are great thank you very much
appreciate it thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
