an update now on the breaking news we
reported moments ago there has been a
shooting at great Mills High School in
Maryland the Sheriff's Office us on the
scene we don't have any word yet on
injuries the school we are told is on
lockdown
and the entire event is said to be
contained we have our NBC News reporters
headed there now we're going to bring
you updates as they come in again a
school shooting in Maryland and the
situation apparently under control of
the school under lockdown that's all we
know right now
great Mills Maryland is what we're
looking at thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
