we have a terrific starting panel as we
start a new week here Philip Rucker
white house bureau chief for the
Washington Post
Tamara Keith White House correspondent
for NPR and Sam Stein veteran political
journalist now politics editor for The
Daily Beast and an MSNBC contributor
good evening and welcome to you all
Phil I'd like to read you a quote from
some of your colleagues at the
Washington Post will call this byline
the law firm of Parker Dawsey lenok and
Casta and we begin quote Trump is not
consulting with top advisers including
chief of staff John F Kennedy fwat House
lawyer Don Magan on his Russia legal
choices or his comments about the probe
according to one person with knowledge
of his actions who spoke on the
condition of anonymity to describe
sensitive conversations a lot of that
going around he is instead watching
television and calling friends this
person said president continues to
complain that his lawyers are not
protecting him and that Deputy Attorney
General Roger Rosen Stein who is
supervising the probe is up to mischief
said the person who spoke to Trump in
recent days Philip can you shed any
light on what mischief Rosenstein is up
to and help us fill in the blanks here
well Brian I think what's happening here
is is twofold first of all the White
House says the people working in the
government John Kelly Dan McGann and
others frankly would rather not be a
part of these Russia discussions they
don't want to have anything to do with
with the president's legal strategy with
regard to the Moller probe but the
president feels increasingly emboldened
to make his own decisions to act as his
own lawyer his own counsel his own
strategist his own PR specialist if it
were he feels comfortable in this job he
wants to call his shots and he wants to
handle this Muller probe as he sees fit
which is by what with these tweets that
he had over the weekend
he's been spent for my reporting that
he's been spending a lot of time talking
about it on the phone with his friends
less so with his political advisors in
the White House but more so with the
people that he communicates with you
know old pals from New York even some of
the hosts over at at Fox News Channel
and watches a lot of TV commentary about
all of this and he's been using that
phrase witch hunt a lot and I would just
make a historical parallel
Brian a colleague of mine dug up an old
clip in The Washington Post's under the
bylines Woodward and Bernstein who
you'll remember from the Watergate
period and that's exactly what Richard
Nixon was doing in the White House as
the Watergate hearings were underway he
was fuming to his friends and his
advisors that this is a witch-hunt out
to get him and you read that story it's
just eerily similar to what we have
playing out today it certainly is Tamra
isn't it striking to know that the
Muller and Trump forces meet at some
point late in the week last week let's
presume Trump's lawyers go back to the
White House and break it to the boss
that this is not going to be over last
Thanksgiving or New Year's and then we
see the president go to social media
then we see the president hire the very
familiar Joe digenova from Fox News yeah
I think it had become increasingly clear
that the timeline was slipping when it
slipped from Thanksgiving to New Year's
- well it's late March now at this point
and and President Trump is bringing on
this new lawyer who based on all of his
public comments is very much in line
with what President Trump sees of this
of this investigation which is this idea
of it as a witch-hunt and you know
President Trump as as we've well
documented
he really likes people who he sees on TV
defending him and often tries to find
ways to bring them into his circle
interestingly digenova he's definitely
going to be on the part of the outside
team not part of the inside team when I
asked a White House lawyer
Ty Cobb about this he made it abundantly
clear that that digenova was not going
to be part of his team Cobb has been
more has been this lawyer who's been
more about trying to cooperate with
Muller's investigation in hopes that the
cooperation will speed things up and and
and not seeing the benefit in in pushing
back on it obviously the President and
some of his outside lawyers have have a
very different view of how this should
be approached I'm told we're going to
have some more reporting on that
in about 60 seconds Sam Stein I want to
show you an example of the president
tweeting something this weekend and then
an instant fact-checking of him that was
kind of breathtaking to read first from
the president's Twitter feed why does
the mother team have 13 hardened
Democrats some big crooked Hillary
supporters and zero Republicans again
you've got to admire the capitalization
another dem recently added does anyone
think this is fair and yet there is no
collusion but here came the almost
real-time fact-checking
from glenn kessler of The Washington
Post the way Trump tweets about how
investigators can't be trusted because
they donated to Democrats it's easy to
forget he donated to Hillary Clinton in
2002 2003 2005 6 7 & 9 Melania Ivanka
and Don junior also made donations to
Clinton facts are stubborn things Sam
yeah you know sometimes it's helpful to
step back and just remind ourselves how
loose this president is with the truth
it takes to social media things happen
at such a rapid pace that we sometimes
forget to notice the clear errors among
the tweets I will say this I don't think
this weekend was a particularly great
sign for the president and his legal
team in terms of the strategy that
they're bringing to the Moller probe the
idea that well first of all let's step
back and and just recognize what is sort
of a well-established truth in the city
which is he already has two lawyers who
most people regard as a little bit long
in the tooth a little bit unable to keep
up with a mullah team a little bit in
over their heads now that being said if
he if the reports are true tonight and
in bringing in this new lawyer is there
you know angering the current legal team
in potentially compelling john dot even
quit or Ty Cobb to resign that would be
a huge setback you'd essentially be
starting at Ground Zero again and I
think you know Trump's outbursts aside
they are having tangible impact some
legal case that they're trying to bring
against Muller but the bigger story and
I would just close on this is not
exactly what's happening in the White
House I would argue that it's Happ it's
what's happening on Capitol Hill because
after the tantrum of this week
social media there was a spotlight on
congressional Republican leadership to
see if they would do anything whether it
was in their public reactions or maybe a
legislative response to inoculate Bob
Muller and what we heard today absent
that trey Gowdy could be played from
Sunday is basically crickets still there
is disbelief on Capitol Hill that he
would actually take the step to fire
Muller and so we have no legislative
attempt to inoculate him from the firing
so Tamra as you were speaking you made
our printer go off which I've never seen
done before but as you were making the
point that had been discussed throughout
the day and that is how untie cob Ian's
a guide joe digenova
is our friends over at the New York
Times Michael Schmitt and Maggie
Haberman are on the board I'll read just
the first three graphs because this was
just handed to me president Trump's
legal team was poised for a shake-up on
Monday according to two people briefed
on the matter as he openly discussed
firing one of his lawyers another
considered resigning and a third who
pushed theories on television that mr.
Trump was framed by the FBI joined the
roster mr. Trump has weighed aloud in
recent days too close associates whether
to dismiss his lawyer Ty Cobb who had
pushed most strongly a strategy of
cooperating fully with the Special
Counsel investigation here's where it
gets interesting the president reassured
mr. Cobb that he had no plans to fire
him according to a person who spoke with
the president late Monday in part to
prevent a narrative that his team was in
disarray after the New York Times began
making enquiries mr. Trump's lead lawyer
John Dowd had contemplated leaving his
post because he had concluded he has no
control over the behavior of the
president the two people briefed on the
matter said ignoring his lawyer's advice
mr. Trump has reverted to a more
aggressive strategy and so on so Tamra
there you have it what could possibly go
wrong yeah as someone who has covered
this White House this is a familiar
narrative applied not just to the legal
team but also to various White House
aides it's why you've had such an
incredible level of turnover both in the
president's cabinet and in his top aides
in the White House like off-the-charts
historically unprecedented amounts of
turnover president
Trump has not settled on the team that
he likes and and this is not the first
shake-up of his legal team and and we
should say we don't know that this is a
shake-up just yet we it might be just in
addition but but certainly you know
there was a shake-up not too long ago
that put doubt in charge of this team
and and brought in Jay Sekulow so it is
a cycle that repeats itself with some
frequency so Phillip the question
becomes who remains to be able to say
mr. president it's one thing to want the
people around you that you want if if
there is a something about making a hire
that gives you the great feeling of a
warm bath that's fine
but please remember that Haier may not
help to achieve your goal well it's a
good question Brian I think president
Trump is making a lot of his own
decisions at this point
Ty Cobb is a lawyer at the White House
who's effectively doing a lot of the the
paperwork he's literally responding to
document requests at the White House
arranging interviews for White House
staff John Dowd is the one dealing with
the president personally and his
personal approach but again I think mr.
Trump president Trump is making a lot of
these decisions he's deciding when to
issue these tweets he's deciding to
attack
Bob Miller personally by name as he did
over this weekend he's deciding to call
it a witch hunt and he's deciding that
he wants to sit down for an interview
even though his lawyers are very
concerned about that and understandably
so because he has a history of
exaggerating the facts and sometimes
outright lying and so there's a real
genuine concern about whether he can
truthfully answer questions face to face
with the special counsel investigators
Sam I'm reminded over the weekend of
what John Brennan said on social media
Friday night here we were talking about
the words of Barry McCaffrey and now
John Brennan on the board with this it's
a it's a Sorkin esque statement when the
full extent of your venality moral
turpitude and political corruption be
known you will take your rightful place
as a disgraced demagogue in the dustbin
of history you may scapegoat Andy McCabe
but you will not destroy America America
will triumph over you said the former
CIA director whose job included but was
not limited to limited to going to his
counterpart in Russia saying knock it
off something not done in the spy trade
very often no use of Sorkin s that you
could see it in a West Wing episode for
sure I will say you know John Brennan
got a lot of pushback online from
conservatives over that in part because
it was it was hyperbolic but maybe
that's what the times call for the
firing of Andrew McCabe is a really
interesting case study and what this
president has done visa vie the entirety
of the Moller probe now McCabe you know
you can you could look at the two ways
one is he may have been fired for cause
in this case a lack of candor and he
went through a process within the DOJ
that did require political sorry civil
servants not political hacks to make a
judgment on the case but because Trump
had weighed in so heavily and
aggressively on this matter because he
had essentially called for his firing
and because he tooted his own horn so to
speak after the firing was done it
created an aura run this a bad stench of
sorts about the whole firing and I and
we have to wonder why did he do it in
the first place what was the point
two days before McCabe as opposed to his
pension and the only logical conclusion
one can get is that he was trying to
spoil a potential witness against him he
was trying to Gaslight the process and
so this is what John Brennan was
responding to not necessarily treatment
of one man in the FBI but the
gaslighting of the American institution
Americans trust in their institutions
and I think you know we'll end up we'll
end up finding out at some point in time
whether John Brennan's right don't
rumpus we have only been on the air for
18 minutes yet another eventful night on
this shift with our thanks to Phill
Rucker to Tamara Keith and Sam Stein for
starting us off as we begin a new week
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list
see lots of other great videos
