even though we say this a lot these days
you don't see this often president Trump
praised the dismissal of former FBI
deputy director Andrew McCabe over the
weekend writing this on Twitter
Andrew McCabe fired a great day for the
hard-working men and women of the FBI a
great day for democracy with us tonight
is Robert Anderson former FBI executive
assistant director of the criminal cyber
response and services branch
he's known Andrew McCabe for twenty
years and this is the important part he
was the assistant director of
counterintelligence while McCabe was the
assistant director of Counter Terrorism
mr. Anderson I note that you got up
either very later very early for us in
London to do this and I thank you for
doing that as I asked you to describe
the Andy McCabe you know and part two of
that is how do you square the FBI
internal findings against him yeah
thanks Brian great to be with you here
tonight the one thing I'll tell you
about Andy and I don't think people have
said this enough on television
I've worked with him for a number of
years in the highest levels of the FBI
and what people don't understand in
those jobs as you pointed out when he
was the assistant director of
counterterrorism and I was the assistant
director counterintelligence or when we
were both executive assistant directors
of operations you basically split the
FBI to 35,000 men and women and he was
running one side of it I was running on
the other and in those positions you
have to make decisions on some of the
most complicated sophisticated
operations that the FBI's ever done and
whether it was meetings with Eric Holder
Bob Moeller Jim Comey numerous people in
the Congress or the White House I've
always found a need to not only be a
trustworthy individual but a man of
honor and integrity and I think it can't
be said enough about that I want to read
you a tweet from that one of the many
tweets from our president over the
weekend about McCabe and specifically
something that McCabe shares with Comey
and so many of you come up just knowing
reflexively and that's notetaking
contemporaneously dick
notes to file the president kind of
expressed doubt spent very little time
with Andrew McCabe but he never took
notes when he was with me I don't
believe he made memos except to help his
own agenda first of all there's no way
someone would take notes in the middle
of a conversation
but it is a skillset and a mindset that
seems to confound the president he
hasn't been around that ethos before no
but I got to tell you it's FBI agent 101
especially men and women that came into
the bureau 20 plus years ago like myself
or Andy or others you took notes on
everything and whether it was interviews
or interrogations or investigational
leads it's actually quite routine and
back in the old days we used to put
those notes into what was called a 1a
envelope and then later on if you
develop material or evidence or
testimonial information you would pull
that information from that and then
write in information on what was called
FD 302s which is actually the report
that an FBI agent would testify from
court so in our side of the world when
it comes to law enforcement especially
in the FBI it's quite routine I have to
ask you about Austin Texas because as a
citizen it's it's calming to see the
pictures we keep showing of all those
people arriving and putting on that blue
FBI or ATF jacket in many cases because
this is terrorism by a different name
for bombings around that community isn't
it the danger of having a president
diminish law enforcement at the federal
level these men and women we now ask
them to go into a dangerous place calm
down an entire metropolitan area oh and
by the way could you please find this
serial bomber before he or her strikes
again
yeah I think it's a great point Brian I
think the tweets unfortunately are odd
at best and at worst I think they make
bad influences on people ii don't
understand what you're talking about
what people need to understand is that
the men and women in the federal law
enforcement state and local law
enforcement and really ever since 9/11
happened in this country there is a huge
bond
I mean all those interagency operational
task force and really this is when you
see it shine in times of tragedy like
this what's going on in Texas and men
and women come together and they'll find
whoever's been doing this and I really
think we need to hear more about that
Robert Anderson who's been terrific with
us and very generous with your time and
joining us so early in the morning from
our London bureau really appreciate it
thank you thanks Brian
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
