it's a totally false attack based on an
old recycled news story I'm not gonna
sit and go through every single line of
a very boring 14,000 word story the only
thing I will say one thing the article
did get ride was it showed that the
president's father actually had a great
deal of confidence in him that's the
strength of the argument it's boring and
old I'm boring an old but I'm still real
today the White House is fighting back
against an expose by the New York Times
that debunks the myth of Donald Trump as
a self-made billionaire detailing how
Donald Trump was given hundreds of
millions of dollars by his father not a
million dollars as he often says
hundreds of millions of dollars who
repeatedly bailed him out when he was at
risk of defaulting on his debts
I borrowed very little money from my
father my father gave me a small loan of
a million dollars my father gave me a
very small loan in 1975 I built a
company that's worth more than 10
billion dollars okay with a million
dollar loan okay according to the times
as for that one million dollar loan Fred
Trump actually lent him at least sixty
point seven million dollars or a hundred
and forty million dollars in today's
dollars the president attacked the times
this morning tweeting they used the
concept of time value of money in doing
a very old boring and often told hit
piece on me I based on more than 100,000
financial documents The Times also
reveals how Donald Trump and his
siblings engaged in potentially illegal
tax schemes including filing improper
tax deductions undervaluing real estate
properties and setting up a sham
corporation to help their parents dodge
taxes the president's parents Fred and
Mary Trump transferred well over 1
billion dollars in wealth to their
children which could have produced a tax
bill of at least five hundred and fifty
million dollars under the 55 percent tax
rate that was then imposed on gifts and
inheritances inheritances the Trump's
paid a total of fifty two point two
million dollars or about five percent
tax records show now based on those
numbers cranes reports that President
Donald Trump and his siblings could own
New York State more than four hundred
million dollars in unpaid taxes interest
and penalties New York state tax
officials are already in
stating these allegations of tax fraud
and Mayor Bill DeBlasio vowed to recoup
any money that Donald Trump owes the
people of New York City period House
Democrats are renewing calls for Donald
Trump to release his tax returns and
today Republican chair of the Senate
Finance Committee Orrin Hatch told
reporters the president might have to do
just that
joining us now is Tim O'Brien I thought
we're alyssum your hats but we're gonna
actually look at the two of you guys Tim
O'Brien the executive editor of a
Bloomberg opinion and author of Trump
biography Trump nation his
investigations into Donald Trump's
finances were cited in The New York
Times report and Josh barro business
columnist for New York magazine both our
MSNBC contributors this is a big and
interesting story that digs into a
couple of a few interesting issues one
of which Tim is that there are all sorts
of different things floating around
about how rich Donald Trump is or how
successful he is given what the truth is
if he inherited anywhere close to this
kind of money or took transfers from his
parents of this sort of money it should
be a lot wealthier than he actually is
right now but the whole narrative of I
got a million dollar loan and I turned
it into this ten billion dollar business
starts to fall apart garbage yeah it's
total garbage he he relied on his father
to get his start in business he
routinely relied on his father
essentially is a piggy bank to paper
over problems he encountered when he
wasn't running his business as well at
one point when I was reporting my book I
reported that he borrowed thirty million
dollars from the estate because to stave
off personal bankruptcy which was
accurate he told me I gave you my word I
never borrowed money from the estate I
printed that in the book we went to
court he sued me for libel we had him
under oath in a deposition we showed him
the bank records he had to acknowledge
that in fact he had borrowed thirty
million dollars from his father the time
says has has made that exponentially
larger they say it's 60 million the
notion that Donald Trump was has been
borrowing money from his father during
the whole period that his father was
alive is not knew the extent to achieve
relied on his father's finances is new
than the extent to which Trump his
siblings and his parents orchestrated a
bunch of tax maneuvers to lower both
inheritance and gift taxes so they could
keep more of them right in the family is
also new so
let's talk about this because something
I saw from you earlier today mentioned
something that we all know that lots of
rich people do this lots of people who
hand property over in their family or in
a family business
do this sort of thing so what we have to
try and determine is what what's bad
practice that tax authorities just don't
follow up on what's fuzzy in this and
what might be absolutely illegal yes so
I saw it so first of all some of the
things that that are illegal are things
that are commonly done by other wealthy
people and just because they're almost
never enforced doesn't mean that they're
legal but so I sort of see that the tax
avoidance and evasion schemes that are
describing the time stories falling into
two buckets there's some of the stuff
that has been very common among wealthy
people who owned illiquid assets like
real estate they're difficult to value
you do these things where you get
appraisals that say they're worth less
than they're really worth and you put
those through and because the value is a
matter of opinion because it's difficult
to demonstrate that an appraisal and
because tax departments are
under-resourced
right and so that so it's not enforced
enough and get away with that and the
Trump family are certainly not the only
people who have done this there are some
other things described in here though
that really do sound quite unusual and
brazen particularly this this all
borough and things described that they
had to basically process invoices for
the buildings that they owned to
immolate excuse me all County the the to
inflate expenses at businesses that they
owned and then pass that money through
to the Trump children as though it were
just reimbursements for expenses when
really that is effectively a transfer
French for wealth to the children which
would have been taxed right at a rate of
55 percent right and so that that you
know that strikes me is quite unusual
and quite quite a bit more brazen than
just getting an aggressive and right
unfavorable appraisal so I think you
know you can say lots of rich people do
stuff like this and yet the Trump's did
more of it in a more aggressive in
Britain way and there was a history of
doing this is what this wasn't in the
Trump article but or in the in The Times
article but Fred Trump built his his
empire on government subsidized housing
right he got called in front of a
federal committee in the 1950s and a
state committee the 1960s because he had
set up little shell companies that were
overcharging the government for supplies
and for mortgages and he was pocketing
the difference that's exactly what they
did with all
County he got pushed out of these
programs and essentially ended his life
as a public builder by the late 1960s so
the family of this long history of
actually scamming payments taxes etc etc
in their own interest by setting up
little shell companies that they move
things through in an overvalued way let
me ask you this Josh you were describing
how families with with property
sometimes do this because evaluating the
value of those properties is difficult
if your property is worth five hundred
million dollars and your evaluation
comes in it between 450 and 550 that's
the kind of thing you're talking about
it's hard to know whether it's 450 or
550 so maybe the government lets you go
at 450 we're talking about shaving off
80 85 90 percent of the value of these
properties like no reasonable person
would have value with these properties
the way the Trump family had the manager
right that was one of the remarkable
things in the New York Times story and
this is something that even non rich
people can relate to this comes up when
people are trying to get mortgages and
you get appraisal but say you think your
house is worth this and and you get
frustrated when the bank's appraiser
doesn't say the same thing right exactly
but yeah the scale of the differences
and then even some that were appraised
that were there was one example in the
time story one that was contested by a
tax authority and they got a sort of a
tiny adjustment to it that was still
drastically below what a fair market
value was I believe as demonstrated by
the fact that the buildings sold not
which is always the best proof yes Wow
everything else in the neighborhoods
yeah yeah so to your point it is
remarkably aggressive it's not with if
not necessarily within the window with
you know who's to say is it worth two
and a half million or three million it's
really sort of absurdly 80 percent lower
numbers that when taking an honest look
at it Jim real quick anybody get in
trouble for this do you think I think
they could face severe civil penalties
they're not going to face criminal
penalties I think the damage for this
will be Trump's the popping of this
balloon that he's a self-made person he
you know Donald Trump is a man who was
born on third base and said he had a
triple there's one other thing I
wouldn't assume these practices are over
an element of the Michael Cohen case
something state authorities have looked
at is falsification of business records
and whether sort of again with the
moving around of expenses whether they
were improperly paying some of these
things out of the trumpet organization
so even if this stuff is too old to
prosecute who knows what they might find
that similar and more you know that New
York City in New York State texts and
Finance people are on the case
tonight trying to get to
the bottom of this if there's money to
be add they'll try and squeeze it out of
them thanks to both you Tim O'Brien and
Josh barro coming up the New York Times
expose on the Trump family taxes is not
just a problem for the president
another Trump on the federal payroll was
mentioned several times in the article
by name that's next
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
