breaking news site Donald Trump
hollowing out law enforcement leadership
wall under investigation for Trump
officials have been charged or pled
guilty now so at what point do any of
these acts contribute to potential
obstruction of justice I'm joined now by
one of the foremost legal experts in the
United States Lawrence tribe a
constitutional law professor at Harvard
who's argued dozens of cases at the
Supreme Court advised President Obama
and has a forthcoming book to end a
presidency the power of impeachment
which is a historical analysis first of
all thank you for joining me on this big
news night professor thank you for
having me re let me start with a narrow
question are the allegations about the
firing of Andy McCabe potentially
relevant to evidence of obstruction by
the Trump White House I think there's a
clear answer the answer is yes not
because one might not have some basis to
fire him maybe the I G's report would
provide such a basis but that wasn't the
basis on which there's every reason to
believe he was fired when he was fired
in what looked like a Friday night
massacre he was fired specifically
because the president who named Mueller
for the first time in this entire
process made clear that he did not want
to have a credible corroborating witness
for commis account of why he was fired
that was elicit intent you think I think
it was corrupt intent that's the word
that the federal statute dealing with
criminal obstruction of justice uses the
president has come up with shifting
explanations for every one of these
remarkable firings of FBI officials
first the director then the deputy
director he says it was because of the
way Hillary stuff was handled he says it
was in the case of McCabe because of his
wife whom he called a loser then he said
no it was because he wasn't candid
and then he says it's because he is a
corroborating witness the president is
his own worst enemy in all of this and
he's really sowed up a strong case for
obstruction of justice Wow
so you think this adds the obstruction
case I want to show a list we made
earlier on the beat that we're updating
tonight these are all the individuals
involved in the probe the Trump has done
a crackdown on and tonight you ad
attacked - fired in the upper right hand
corner before it was Trump tweets
against McCain now it's fired next to
him you have Rosen Stein who he publicly
said he does not have confidence in
anymore that's a big deal when it comes
to the presidency Muller attempted
firing according to New York Times which
is now at issue in the probe and
attacked for the first time this weekend
as I report at the top of the show by
name Comey fired
you have commis counsel below reassigned
you have sessions attacked for recusal
which may have contributed to his
decision to not follow the recusal he
promised here and you have Adam Schiff
attacked on the Congressional side the
question professor that I think people
at home watching is is this a version of
the Saturday massacre except it's
happening in public
instead of initially more secretively
and it's happening slowly instead of all
at once I think it is very much that
it's a strangulation rather than a
kneecapping I don't really think that
the president is likely to fire Mueller
I think he's much too sneaky for that
what I think he will do is find excuses
to replace Rosen Stein who now
supervises Mueller with somebody who
will clip Mueller's wings cut his budget
say you can't go there you can't look at
the president's motives in terms of his
loans from Russia and the
money-laundering gradually constraining
the investigation impeding it
obstructing it but not quite crossing
the red line and for this Congress there
is almost no imaginable red line so I
think we really have a meltdown of
extreme proportion here
sort of slow motion constitutional
crisis and people who believe that
obstruction of justice is just some
technical thing and that until we get
evidence of direct collusion with Russia
and I think that might be coming people
who think that it's a minor matter have
really lost sight of the rule of law the
federal law in this area talks about
endeavours to impede the due
administration of law either by a
federal agency or by a congressional
committee the running back and forth by
Devin newness is also part of the
obstruction scheme he too could be
prosecuted but for the Speech and Debate
Clause what we have here is a White
House that is orchestrating a massive
cover-up more serious than that of
Richard Nixon and covering something
that goes to the national security of
the United States an attack by a hostile
foreign power on our democracy on our
power grid and the administration is
doing nothing about it so this is the
most serious possible kind of
obstruction of justice the guys still
need to be dotted the t's need to be
crossed but I very much agree with
Bill's notion that this is something for
which only in OJ Simpson defense is
beginning to make sense yes I may be I
may be yeah bill kristol I I may be a
criminal but the whole system is robbed
that was the real theme yeah yeah that
was the theme of his whole election well
you answer and he lays that good work
and you saying it's more serious than
Nixon given your experience in area
addition I think is is something else
that I'm thinking about and having read
you all the way through law school I
always appreciate you coming on the show
up next you're Lawrence tribe thank you
so much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
