let's keep in mind Donald's sister
Maryanne Trump Barry is a sitting judge
on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals
she's a senior judge I tweeted today
that I think she should immediately
remove herself from the bench we should
not have a tax cheat in the White House
or on the federal bench
the New York Times detailed report on
possible tax fraud by the Trump family
is raising questions about the role of
Judge Mary Ann Trump Barry Donald
Trump's sister in the scheme MSNBC legal
expert Danny Cevallos reported today
quote if Barry was knowingly
participating she could be impeached
The Times report mentions Mary Ann Trump
Barry by name it says she often
consulted with Fred Trump on legal
matters and says she was present at a
2003 meeting at Trump Tower for one of
their periodic updates on their
inherited Empire it attributes
potentially fraudulent behavior that the
Trump siblings saying that Donald Trump
and his siblings set up a sham
corporation to disguise millions of
dollars in gifts from their parents Mary
Ann Trump Barry is in an inactive senior
federal judge so she no longer hears
cases but she could return to being an
active judge and if the New York Times
story is accurate she might have
violated tax law while on the federal
bench joining me now to discuss his
Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley of
Oregon senator Merkley good to see you
it's not a major surprise to a lot of
people that Donald Trump not only
exaggerated his wealth but also his
money-making prowess most Americans
don't get a million dollar loan from
their parents let alone illegal
transfers of what amount to millions of
dollars worth of assets but the
president still hasn't released his tax
returns because they are apparently
under audit and his sister is a federal
judge this is the kind of behavior that
Democrats might want to investigate if
you get control of Congress well I can
tell you that this type of criminal
activity certainly certainly tax fraud
should be investigated whenever
significant evidence comes forward for
anyone I think there's no there's a lot
of issues that a Democratic House would
would be holding hearings on for sure
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking
on the button below for more from the
last word and the rest of MSNBC
