the bottom line here is our position joy
has always been the same and it is not
wavered
she should be permitted to speak to the
American people the American people
should decide who's telling the truth
good morning and welcome back to am joy
well it should come as no surprise that
the scandal rocking the television
president is unfurling a lot like a
hotly anticipated drama filled with
allegations of cover-ups hush money
physical threats and an attorney who is
quite the media maven meet michael
avenatti entrepreneur race car driver
and attorney for stormy Daniels the
adult film actress suing Donald Trump
over a nondisclosure agreement she
signed but trunk didn't to keep quiet
about their alleged affair late on
Friday attorneys for Trump filed
paperwork claiming that Daniels is on
the hook for 20 million dollars for
allegedly breaking the secrecy agreement
that came the same day avenatti caused
quite a major stir during a flurry of
media appearances was she threatened in
any way
yes was she threatened physical harm yes
we have been approached by six separate
women who claimed to have similar
stories to those or to that of my client
avenatti declined to state during those
interviews who threatened his client or
the nature of the threats instead
teasing that more will emerge in the
interview Clifford did with 60 minutes
that is yet to air huge shameless media
plug was her life right I'm again I'm
not gonna answer that people will have
to tune into 60 minutes on March 25 I'm
not gonna get into the details of the
relationship and I mean I think that's
what the interview is for the details
surrounding that she's going to discuss
I'm sure on the 60 Minutes interview on
March 25 Michael avenatti attorney TV
hype man and legal thorn in Trump's side
when it comes to the media game has
Trump finally met his match joining me
now is Tiffany cross of the beat DC
Republican political consultant sure
Michael singleton and new Shae Hossein
writer and commentator and MSNBC legal
analyst Katie Fonz I'm gonna start with
you on this Tiffany because we were
talking a little bit in the break about
politics and how sort of showmanship and
showbiz plays into it what
comes to Donald Trump the disadvantage
that Robert Muller has that he can't
talk but disadvantage that these FBI guy
hat guys have is that there's limited
amount they can say when it comes to
this fight with this former pornstar
stormy Daniels Donald Trump is fighting
a very media savvy attorney who's on TV
all the time and he's talking and he
seems to be winning yeah and I would say
the disadvantage to Donald Trump is he
talks too much he talks like a guilty
person and I think it says something
about where we are in history that a
sitting US president who as a reminder
one over eighty percent of the white
evangelical vote is pursuing a twenty
million dollar lawsuit against a private
citizen for something that he allege has
never happened right so thinking seeing
people can presume at this point yes
there was an affair that took place
between stormy Daniels and this
president I don't need to stomach the
salacious details of this I think where
it matters is how it impacts the law
they should break the law and regardless
of what he says if he did it someone
from your entourage or the President
himself physically threatened this woman
and we've seen this consistent behavior
from Michael Cole in his attorney and
from Donald Trump himself as evidenced
by the past twenty thirty years they've
been in the public eye I think that's
gonna be a challenge for him it's gonna
be a really challenging space for him to
navigate there are a lot of questions
that will bring it back to Muller does
this give credence to the Russia probe
the the the trickle down allegations
that was in the Russia probe about the
the PP tape as they call it so I think
this is something that people are going
to be paying attention to and it impacts
our democracy you know we should and the
fact that the attorney his attorneys the
person who represented Hulk Hogan yeah
whose name is Charles harder I mean the
puns in this story right themselves and
I think we can guarantee at this point
that the documentary on this presidency
is gonna be split into like 30 different
parts it's gonna be a Netflix series
absolutely it's gonna be like that Oh
Jay series there's a similar sort of
creep factor look let's talk a little
bit about them one of the first points
made I want to come to Katie in a minute
but sure Michael I want to talk about
the the base of the Republican Party
here just for a moment that's absorbing
most of this through Fox News through
things like Breitbart through their sort
of self you know in
they're sort of self created bubble of
information where Donald Trump can do no
wrong and is always right and again
where these white evangelicals think
that he was appointed by God this is
Michael have a naughty talking about
potential physical threats to a young
woman that Donald Trump claims he never
had any kind of an affair with does your
lawsuit contain allegations of threats
against your client yes it does
does your lawsuit as it's currently
submitted to the court contain details
of what miss Daniels has whether she has
text messages photos video and other
corroborating evidence to the
relationship with Donald Trump no we
have not set forth details of that
nature in the complaint does she have
such things I'm not gonna answer that
question sure Michael what if she does
and what if they come out I mean during
the Bill Clinton saga with Monica
Lewinsky and the blue dress and all of
that we heard about the death of outrage
from people on the right where is the
outrage on the right right now well look
joy I think we're living in historical
times that are obviously categorized by
a radical change right the way we
understand and know the presidency is
being drastically transformed under the
presidency of Donald Trump those same
conservatives apart of Family Values my
party those same Evangelic OHS were the
same individuals who rallied against
Bill Clinton a decade ago during his
issues now look if this was just
something that occurred under with the
president before he was in office before
he was running then I would get why some
would want to ignore it but we got it we
have to keep in mind that there was over
130,000 dollars that was paid out
towards the end of his candidacy just a
week before the presidency so to me that
does emit some former or admit rather
some form of guilt and so I think those
individuals have to set aside their
personal agenda for why they support the
president and recognize that what we're
seeing Joyce is not in sync with the
values and morals that they portray are
purport to represent I think
evangelicals lose a lot of legitimacy
when they say that we do represent the
most highest ideals that the Bible
claims for us all to live by by
supporting Donald Trump you can support
certain aspects of his presidency while
also critiquing him and I think that's
the expectation that we should maintain
for those individuals yeah indeed
let's go just for a moment to the
legalities I hear Katie there was this
hiring of a guy named Chris harder as
the jokes do gotta write themselves at
this point this was like I'll have an ID
yesterday on this show talking about
this new you know pretty tough lawyer
that's been hired if we ran innocent for
a supposedly innocent man Donald Trump
really is stacking up with lawyers like
to sue here is mr. avenatti talking
about mr. harder yesterday I have no
reason to disrespect mr. harder the new
attorney I'm sure he's a very fine
lawyer he got a great result for a Hulk
Hogan there's no question about that
joy although I have a sane and it goes
something like this don't tell me the
cases you've won tell me who you've
beaten there's a pretty good quote but
this is who the cases that Chris harder
is wanted knew he's beaten he
represented Melania Trump ensuing a
reporter or in the Daily Mail in an
article that suggested that potential
first lady worked as a paid escort in
the 1990s that suit prompted a rare
public retraction
they were forced to retract the Daily
Mail was and it's in an apology there
was a blogger who was also mega sued by
mr. harder he also is the person who
bankrupted Gawker suing over a sex tape
for Hulk Hogan there's a lot here Katie
that suggests that if he if Donald Trump
never had anything to do with this porn
star he sure is lawyering up with
somebody who's got experience with
people who've done such things
yes sir Charles harder is no stranger to
the Trump family as you've just
mentioned and you've made a really key
point why in the world if Donald Trump
has claimed he has had no relationship
with stormy Daniels and he has nothing
to do with the settlement agreement why
is he hired a lawyer now who is said
that it's going to petition the court
the federal court to enforce the
arbitration provision in the agreement
the agreement that he never signed you
know I think you're backing yourself
into a corner Donald Trump I think
you've now committed yourself to the
fact that you were supposed to have been
a party to that agreement that you
failed to sign that agreement and so
that in and of itself may have
invalidated that agreement so there may
not be
non-disclosure or confidentiality
provision that's in play right now yeah
and you know a new shade this one woman
she and Vladimir Putin are the two
people Donald Trump's will not criticize
no matter what she says or does she's
out there attacking his trolls on
Twitter he says nothing about her she's
got no funny nickname and it turns out
now for a news story that the attempts
to silence storming annuals started not
in this last election but in 2011
according to Washington Post Michael
Cohen Trump heavy of lawyer who thinks
of himself as sort of a Sopranos type
character interceded in 2011 to prevent
pornstar stormy Daniels from airing her
story about an alleged affair with
Donald Trump telling the agent who
arranged for its publication that he
could harm her career according to a
person involved in the destruction in
the discussions so a new shake he's been
afraid of this woman for a really long
time yes I wonder what stormy and Putin
have have on Trump but can I just say
really quickly god bless stormy Daniels
and her fantastic lawyer Michael
avenatti I mean I think there couldn't
be two people better to take on the
precedent but you know I mean the poetic
justice joy can you imagine of a porn
star bringing down the President of the
this President of the United States I
mean I I am here for this story but you
know something of which which is also
important to remember that everybody is
forgetting that despite whatever
everybody knows about Trump's marriage
he is a married man does anybody
remember Melania Trump I mean one thing
stormy Daniels has done is not only
exposed the Sham of the presidency that
Donald Trump's presidency is but also
the shadow of the marriage that him and
Melania have have and in many ways
stormy Daniels is completely diminished
and made the First Lady of the United
States completely irrelevant and it just
continues on a pattern of Donald Trump
disrespecting women well you know it's
not only from Daniels that's made the
first lady irrelevant Tiffany video as
you know when Bill Clinton allegedly had
affairs Hillary Clinton was asked by
reporters to answer forge had to sit on
the Today Show an answer for her
husband's infidelity I think they did a
60 Minutes interview together she was
made to both before he was elected and
after answer question is even up to the
time she was running for president there
were Democrats and liberals who are
making her answer for his relationship
with monica lewinsky for his alleged
infidelity and for his alleged unwanted
you know sexual advance against women
why is the media left Melania Trump
completely alone well I think that
Hillary Clinton made herself available I
don't think that Milani has made herself
available her entire tenure as first
lady I think it mu she brings up a
really good point of the marriage so we
don't know if there's a prenuptial
agreement that is a factor in these
negotiations or legal battles as well
like an infidelity clause or something
like that I mean it's hard to imagine
that Donald Trump was not faithful to
anybody but I'm gonna take leoben say
that that that may be a huge issue for
them as it's by his not one not two but
three baby mamas that he has in the
headlines right now and this is not the
first time that Melania has been
rendered irrelevant you know everyone
when wife number one came out and called
herself it's a real first lady and Anya
stooped and made a statement about it
you know other people may have been more
dignified but in this you know a reality
TV type White House that the baby mama
number three respondents a baby number
yeah and it was like this you know Real
Housewives battle of the White House
yeah so yeah I think that if Melania
ever does come out that she will have to
face some of these questions but I think
they have this false belief that they're
untouchable as evidenced by vodkas
interview when they asked her if she
believed her father's accusers and she
said that it was an inappropriate
question to ask the daughter but you're
not just a daughter like now you're in
the public eye you work for this white
wine Ilan you you are the one of the
most important unelected officials and
she's gonna have to answer some of these
questions I don't think she will I do
predict that we'll see a lot of response
maybe even a book from Melania after
this uh this White House yeah it's over
and I just want to add really quickly if
Donald Trump survives the next two years
I'd like to see the women that whoever
his opponent will bring to the debate
stage Jesse he did with Hillary Clinton
bringing one woman that her husband
allegedly had extramarital relations
with yeah indeed and Katie we had the
story that we had a reporter on
yesterday who said that she was
threatened after reporting on the
alleged marital rape of Ivana Trump
there seems to be a lot of heavies being
brought to bear to silence women yeah
and that's a concern because as a lawyer
we're lawyers but we also have to abide
by rules of professional conduct and
dates within which have a bar license
and it's a really important thing to
think about the timing in this case
allegedly right this all happens with
stormy Daniels back in 2006 but when was
the first time that we've seen an NDA
when was the first time I saw a
settlement agreement 2016 on the eve of
the presidential election and that
timing is crucial because we've now
heard in 2011 Michael Cohen the big
bully himself was trying to shut up
stormy Daniels
well why because president excuse me
Trump was flirting with the idea of
running for the Presidency back in 2012
but when did it actually become a real
threat to President Trump right before
he was elected and so that is why that's
key because it is crucial to think about
what was the value or the consideration
that was given to stormy Daniels to be
able to keep her mouth shut and whether
or not that was the real basis for the
entry into the settlement agreement and
we'll see whether or not it goes to
arbitration behind closed doors or then
I will get all of it out in a court of
law yeah and if there are six more women
well we'll just keep on doing this story
right Tiffany sure Michael Antonucci
will be back later Katie Fong thank you
very much just go don't don't don't
don't look anything on weekends cuz
we're gonna have to have you probably
come back every weekend to discuss this
until it comes to an end coming up I
will tell you why you should pay close
attention to something called Cambridge
analytic effects
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
