there's food and a friend or a foe of
the United States I think that's
something that Russia is gonna have to
make that determination they're gonna
have to decide whether or not they want
to be a good actor or a bad actor I
think you can see from the actions that
we've taken up until this point we're
gonna be tough on Russia until they
decide to change their behavior as the
White House equivocates on Russia even
as the administration has now officially
denounced Russia for targeting the u.s.
power grid in cyberattacks stretching
back two years or next guest a retired
four-star Army General says Trump has
not only nearly not gone far enough when
it comes to Russia general McCaffrey
tweeted on Friday reluctantly I have
concluded that President Trump is a
serious threat to US national security
he is refusing to protect vital US
interests from active Russian attacks it
is apparent that he is for some unknown
reason under the sway of mr. Putin and
joining me now to discuss further is NBC
News military analyst retired four-star
Army general Barry McCaffrey general
McCaffrey thank you for being here this
morning I have to say I've been watching
MSNBC like three times longer than I've
been working here and you have been a
consistent voice on this network and I
consider you sir to be a very sober
non-inflammatory speaker so when I saw
your tweet which we'll put back up again
saying that you reluctantly you've
included that the president United
States is a serious threat to you at
national security and that he has under
the sway of mr. Putin that raised my
alarm ireia mmediately texted my
producers can you elaborate on that sir
do you believe that Donald Trump is
compromised personally by the Russians I
don't know what's going on the situation
is simply astonishing there is no
question that mr. Putin in particular is
an active threat to US national security
interests as well as those of our NATO
allies is not just hacking of our
elections hacking of our power grid it's
also direct armed confrontation in Syria
interference and US security operations
in Afghanistan threats of the Baltic
States threats to Poland active combat
operations in eastern Ukraine I mean the
list goes on
and by the way I might add that the UN
Ambassador nikki Haley has been pretty
clear about you at defending US national
interests as as Secretary of madis HR
McMaster so the other voices and the
administration have been sensible but I
cannot understand why President Trump
simply won't respond to this guy who is
an active ring an active criminal
oligarchy in Russia which is hostile to
us and allied interest you know we had a
Rex Tillerson potentially fired for
issuing a strong and accurate statement
in the wake of the attempted
assassination of a former Russian spy
inside the UK you have this really
terrifying story of Russian cyberattacks
on our power grid meaning that they
could come in and switch off our power
plants inside the United States and then
of course you have murders
BuzzFeed reporting on the murder of a
former Russian media czar and these
murders taking place not just
potentially in the UK but potentially
inside the United States this man was
ruled an accident or a suicide but it
was in Washington DC is there a non you
know inflammatory explanation for why an
American president would not respond to
that with some sort of declaration that
we are in hostilities with Russia well
none that occurred to me Don the
intelligence community US intelligence
community and our allies have been
unequivocal that these are active
Russian operations that assassination
was the final straw the attempted
assassination of the Russian agent and
his daughter in London just simply
incredible that was a signature
assassination Putin is apparently saying
to the world I'll come kill you wherever
you are if you oppose me I might add one
of your earlier guests said quite
clearly the biggest victims of Putin's
criminal oligarchy or the Russian people
you know these magnificent physics
ballet literature the courage of their
soldiers are under now again the control
of a dictatorship and severe coos before
we go should Donald Trump you removed as
as a result of in your mind being
compromised by a foreign power no I
think that's way beyond where I am right
now I just want to point out
unequivocally the commander in chief the
US Armed Forces and our intelligence
services must confront Russian threats
to US national security and he's not
doing it general Barry McCaffrey as I
said a very sober speaker and very
sobering information thank you sir could
be with you John thank you more answer
after the break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
