the only way that's done is because
Donald Trump is his own lawyer he is
calling all the shots he's calling all
the legal strategy and he's basically
pulling the strings on his various
lawyers telling them what to do yeah and
I'd like to know when that statement was
made where was Donald Trump and where
was John - and the question also Betsy
Woodruff the flowery language in the
statement I find very interesting it
there is a way that people around Donald
Trump speak and it's very hyperbolic and
this idea of the you know the sort of
the brilliant leadership of Attorney
General Jeff Sessions ooh Donald Trump
has been disparaging almost since he was
sworn in and talking about the alleged
Russia collusion investigation I don't
know how much experience you've had with
John Dowd but is this a typical way that
he speaks you know this is I would say
this is par for the course for doubt one
thing about him that's just that perhaps
will be an interest of yours is he's
sort of seen as a colorful unusual
character he had been working at a major
white-shoe law firm over the past few
years he's hiring by president exactly I
might get another credit you know for
saying this we're almost seen again
slightly stepping out of a quasi
retirement although again I'm like
there's a you know for saying that
hasn't been a major central player in
the Washington DC white shoe legal
community for quite some time she's
eccentric got additionally another thing
that another little detail about this is
that for years and years down all of the
emails and using the font Comic Sans I
recommend people googled Comic Sans font
so that they can see what that looks
like she's been sending you know the
purple Comic Sans font probably for at
least a decade I think kind of a quirky
guy and I just that his statement about
the characterization obsession it's
probably other piece with doubt just
having a comparatively quirky
personality at least as far as high
power attorneys go Wow Comic Sans purple
font that is a very interesting note
in ten minutes which I think I'm gonna
push defending all my emails and purple
comics or not you or not everyone hates
coming Santa let me let's let's bring
our own Kelly O'Donnell our White House
reporter who was standing by apparently
Kelly has some new reporting to bring to
us Kelly what have you got well I've
also been in touch with John John Dowd
we are all covering this story on an
ongoing basis and so we've had a lot of
relationship with him during this
process and I don't want to be in the
position of critiquing any other
reporting so let me be clear about that
but he is saying that the note that The
Daily Beast used firing Muller
is is just wrong and his statement does
not say fire he does say he wants an end
to the investigation on the merits so is
there some hair-splitting there well Rob
Rosenstein is the Deputy Attorney
General is the supervisor of special
counsel robert muller he has a judgment
call to make through the process about
when it begins and ends we have all the
indications that Muller is still at work
and perhaps even expanding his
investigation based on recent subpoenas
to the Trump Organization and the
ongoing work there so we have from the
outside no timetable on what the Muller
investigation would be what doubt is
saying to me this morning is that
because of the McCabe firing Andrew
McCabe who had been the number two at
the FBI that that raises questions about
the whole process and it raises new
questions that Rosenstein he believes
Dowd believes should consider when
looking at the timeline of this
investigation and his supervisory role
so is there a distinction between
calling for the firing of Muller and
asking Rosenstein to consider ending it
there is a distinction the impact is
still important that an attorney for the
president is trying to hasten the end of
this investigation based on the events
we saw unfold last night with the firing
of McCabe are these dots to be connected
but doubt is saying to me that it was
never his intention to say fire Mahler
but that the process itself would
continue to roll forward and because of
the McCabe firing he sees that as an
important juncture for Rosen Stein to
consider so
that's the interpretation that's been
given to me from doubt I think people
will assess for themselves how volatile
this is Shirley Kelly where is John Dowd
getting the notion that the daily beast
report said or mentioned that he called
for anyone to be fired I've just read
through the story for a third time
nowhere in this report does Betsy
Woodruff report that he called for
anyone to be fired for Rosen Stein to be
fired or for Miller to be fired he
essentially sent NBC News the exact same
statement that he sent to The Daily
Beast did he literally tell you that
he's alleging that The Daily Beast that
Betsy would have said that he called for
the firing of Muller because she didn't
well my understanding is that headlines
are often written by someone other than
the reporter and that there had been a
headline the Trump lawyer calls for
firing of Muller it's not in that beef
though I mean in The Daily Beast
headline it literally says Trump's
lawyer it's time to end the Russia probe
it's exactly what his statement said let
me be very clear government's come and
come back to you for a second in a
second but let me get Betsy Woodruff in
there Betsy in your report do you I
don't see in here that you're
insinuating that John Dowd called for
the firing of Bob Miller right that's
correct the initial headline which was
written by an editor for the purposes of
spawns economy didn't use the word
firing we changed that headline
headlines off and get sort of massage
over the course of the story gonna
coordinate but in the text of the story
obviously and in the text of the quote
that dad gave us he called for an ending
of the Moller probe honestly I think you
could use the word firing here depending
on the way that you intend to use it as
Kelly said this is a bit of hair
splitting the reality is that the
attorney for the president said but the
muliplayer probe needs to be shut down
is shutting down identical to firing in
shutting down identical determination
honestly this becomes a bit of a
philosophical distinction it's
understandable at the distinction that
doubt cares about our headline doesn't
use the word firing just to make it
clear that's why what Kelly is saying is
absolutely correct what that the point
that doubt is making is an important one
so additionally it is a bit of hair
splitting yeah and Kelly let me go back
to you on this question in your
discussions with John Dowd is he now
saying that he's speaking on behalf of
the president and calling for the end
and to the Russia probe well I always
assume he's speaking on behalf of the
president so I did not go through that
particular point because we're not
reaching out to John Dowd citizen of
Washington DC we are reaching out to him
and his capacity as counsel to the
president so I did not do that sort of
due diligence in this interaction with
him I think that as Betsy indicated the
word firing was used at some point he
was reacting to that again there's often
a distinction between the content of the
piece here I think Betsy and I have very
much the same reporting
I think the process does include there
will be an end date to the investigation
and it's an end date that would be
decided perhaps by Muller
but with consultation of Rosenstein so
there will be an end date that is
managed by the Department of Justice he
is saying he wants to hasten that based
on the McCabe firing I do think many
people will interpret that as him
wanting to stop the investigation now
and by extension and what Muller is
doing I think that will be a common
reaction to what he is saying and it may
be why he is sensitive about this today
what he is saying is that the facts are
now inclusive of this IG report of
McCabe the firing of McCabe of course by
the attorney general who has a part in
all of this recusing himself from
supervision of the actual Muller probe
and doubt is saying that this is a
turning point in effect he didn't use
those words but I think we could fairly
characterize it that way so it is
significant that the president's lawyer
says that these events should lead to
the end of the investigation he wants to
be clear that he is not calling for the
firing of Muller we have time and time
again had the White House tell us that
they are working cooperatively with the
Muller investigation and doubt is one of
a handful of lawyers who are working on
the president's behalf on the outside
and then one on the inside
ty cobb who is a federal employee now
who is the liaison between the White
House and the special counsel so it can
get weedy but your your show can handle
we D and that's what we're we're diving
into yeah absolutely I'm sorry everybody
stay with me we have a lot of people on
hold on the phone and I want to add one
more Jill wine banks is back with a
special former assistant Watergate
special prosecutor what do you make of
all
this Jill we had John Dowd telling Betsy
wooden from The Daily Beast that he was
speaking on behalf of the president when
he said that he was calling for an end
to the Russia probe then he emails her
back and says he was speaking for
himself then he gets in touch with NBC
News and says no no I am speaking for
the president but we're not saying fire
Moeller
it's a little bit weedy as a great word
Kelly O'Donnell just a coin but what do
you make of it well I think Kelly is
right and he is always speaking for the
president because he's the president's
lawyer and so we have to interpret it
that way but it's and it is
hair-splitting as to whether he's saying
fire mauler or end the investigation and
the other possibility is he's saying I
think that it is coming to its own
natural end but it's clearly premature
we've just had a subpoena for the Trump
Organization we have a lot of foreign
governments that are being looked at and
I don't think it's would be wise to end
it it's the same thing as what the House
Intelligence Committee did which is to
terminate an investigation that was
still being productive and that was
definitely hadn't reached its natural
end and the American people deserve to
have a full investigation we can't close
it down until we know all the answers
which we clearly do not now so John Dowd
is bad and wrong in this and I wonder
and I'm gonna come back to my at my
table here and start with you Nick this
feels like from a lay perspective this
sort of textbook elements of obstruction
of attempting to in every way signal
that the present United States would
very much like the Deputy Attorney
General the acting Attorney General to
end a an investigation of himself
oh of course we've known that right from
the guy so when does it become
obstruction it becomes obstruct the
whole thing is a pattern of obstruction
it all goes to his intent to end this
investigation but again here we are all
talking seriously about this crazy email
and what's going on when in fact we're
all being played by Donald Trump he
wants us to be talking about this he
doesn't want us to be talking about
stormy Daniels and they'll be doing
the election 11 o'clock I want to remind
our viewers we've been played since he
won the election that's separate but
it's not yet obstruction just because we
have to do he's staying fire Miller he
almost loses his have White House
Counsel over wanting Miller fired he is
now fired or reassigned all three
potential fact witnesses who heard from
Jim Comey directly that he was pressured
to give a loyalty oath and end an
investigation of Donald Trump just
because he wants an investigation to end
he's the president he's their boss he he
wants to know what's going on in the
investigation doesn't mean he acted with
corrupt intent
I see Nick I just don't cross the board
here he wants this investigation ended
because he is now in the middle of it
and it's not so much the obstruction
investigation as to the investigation of
the conspiracy between his campaign
right and the Russian government let me
get a tiebreaker here from Ari member
because I think the lay person it seems
that Donald Trump is telegraphing in
every way that he is willing to do
whatever it takes and make and give
orders to everyone around him to end
this investigation he clearly wants it
ended and he seems to be using his power
as president to try and make that happen
what am I missing here I don't think
you're missing much and I thought by the
way you did an excellent job of
rebutting what sounded like parsing
pettifogging from John Dowd as he tries
to do what truck wants because we know
from reporting Trump wanted motor fired
Nass Don began to do that while also
trying to defend himself against what
may later be a review of whether his
actions today provide or add to evidence
of obstruction as you asked Joe I think
the problem for the White House is that
if the endgame is tarnishing the fact
witnesses and sorting or interfering
with the investigation there are people
who may raise their criminal exposure to
obstruction and that's why this is a
tricky thing to pull off even if you're
willing to take risks or say the kind of
extraordinary things are being said and
done the larger context I respectfully
disagree with my great colleague Nick
Ackerman on this one the stormy Daniels
case is newsworthy
it's amazing to see the president join
that lawsuit in his own capacity last
night but this deadline is not related
to stormy Daniels this was a real
deadline for McCabe that jeff sessions
rushed to fulfill that he didn't want to
do in the light of day that he literally
did on a Friday night and we're now
waking up Saturday seeing other pieces
come into play and I bet you Bob Miller
is going to be taking a hard look at
every email and every conversation and
potentially vacuuming up more evidence
of potential ongoing obstruction so what
we're seeing this morning does feel
significant mr. Dowd attempt to try to
walk it back strikes me as a sign of it
significant but not much of a
clarification and I don't think this
story is nearly done and Nick you know
to that very point because you've had I
mean you have the flattering of Jeff
Sessions who has been nothing but you
know put down and and you know flagged
by this president
you have the attempts to push rod Rosen
Stein to follow his brilliant example
and end this investigation and you have
the gratuitous attacks by Donald Trump
against Andrew McCabe including
signaling that he would very much like
to see him fired before he can collect
his pension it definitely does feel like
the administration wanted McCabe
punished immediately and they wanted him
punished before he could collect his
pension doesn't that in and of itself
suggest that today McCabe and the FBI
are the targets not stormy Daniels well
I'm not saying stormy Daniels is a
target I'm saying the story is the
target but the story but they could have
done this three days ago they could have
done it last week well the dramatic
effect Trump like 10 o'clock on Friday
night right after the whole business
about the lawsuit is announced I think
why would you do that and also you've
got Jeff Sessions who wants to keep his
job right so part of what he's doing is
sucking up to trump and try and do
something that he feels he's got some
basis to do it was within Jeff Sessions
discretion to ignore the recommendation
of the Disciplinary officials the whole
office of Professional Responsibility in
their recommendation he could have
ignored that and he didn't have to do
this firing and I think that's very
important to note
so what streets absolutely and let me
ask you this question Kelly O'Donnell
because I think this is one of the
important things is that the
administration is hanging the firing of
Andrew McCabe on this report from the
OPR the Office of Professional
sponsibility do you have in your
reporting any any indication that we the
public will ever get to see that report
well it's one of the things that would
help fill a lot of the gaps here and our
colleagues at the Justice Department who
covered that beat every day are probably
better apt to answer that but the fact
that it is not public now does suggest
that there is this knowledge gap where
we are led to believe that there was
some offense or offenses by McCabe found
by this supposed you know independent
arbiter that merited firing but we don't
know the specifics there we've heard it
sort of in a narrative way but we don't
have the report we also saw how the
intention to retire some couple of
months ago had been announced by McCabe
and then the FBI director Chris Rea
hastened that removal of his position in
part because of this Office of Inspector
General report but we don't have those
details I think more broadly on the
timing of the stormy Daniels issue and
this there are a lot of lawyers involved
in this in multiple jurisdictions
representing the the president and the
outside case coordination is not
something we can always identify here
these are things that are running in
sort of a parallel loop and they do
affect each other in terms of the public
perception the stormy Daniels track is
something that the White House has tried
to bat away this is right in their lane
and the White House has learned the hard
way that the president is not supposed
to interfere by tradition in the
Department of Justice so they push this
on to Jeff Sessions and you've laid out
the case about how he has been
politically under pressure since he
uttered the word recusal and he followed
this action taking that advice taking
this action which we know because of the
president's very public comments he
wanted to see happen and now here we are
and so then the president's outside
lawyer uses that fact that running of
the points to this conclusion to say
time to consider ending the Mahler
investigation on its merits at some
point that judgment will be made that
the case is over we don't have any
indication that robert muller is in that
place because of the ongoing activity so
this is notable I often think when we
look forward to six months or a year
from now and we look back on these days
what more will we understand about how
it all fit together there are times I
wish I could take the time machine
forward to have a better handle on yeah
absolutely no kidding I think all of us
too would probably like to go forward
and get out of this for grabs a little
bit I want to go back to Jill when banks
on this question of McCabe news for a
moment doesn't he become the next star
witness in front of the Moller grand
jury I think he certainly will he has no
reason to hold back in truthful
testimony he's no longer employed by the
Department of Justice but I want to go
back to something else which is I've
known John Dowd he and I worked in the
organized crime section when I first
graduated from law school and words
matter and his actions matter and he
must know better than to have tried to
walk back something he told a reporter
he said he was speaking for the
President and it was wrong to have said
what he said the investigation has to
follow its own natural course and I just
I think this is really significant
what's happening and that America needs
to pay attention that we don't let this
get ahead of us yeah it's unusual
seemeth to say the least for an attorney
to first say on the record that they are
speaking for the president tell a
reporter that betsy would have had to
get off the phones that's why she's not
with us anymore and then email her back
so they say absolutely and that you're
taking it back and say no no I'm just
speaking for myself and then on top of
that right in touch with yet another
news organization send the exact same
statement and we and reassert yes I'm so
glad your viewers are so lucky to have
someone like Jill wine banks and as well
Nick Ackerman who have the credibility
and the experience to say yes this is
not something a lawyer does when you
represent anybody a John Doe you
representation of them is a 24/7 job
it's the job and
especially when you represent the
president anything you say your opinions
matter if it's about this you can't
tweet something right about this case
without being connected to the
president's defense of this
investigation yeah let alone Jill wine
banks say on the record twice now once
to NBC News once to betsy Woodruff from
The Daily Beast
I pray that acting Attorney General rod
Rosen Stein will follow the brilliant
and courageous example of the FBI office
of Professional Responsibility and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring
it into the alleged Russia collusion
investigation manufactured accusing
James Comey the former director of the
FBI of manufacturing the entire Russia
probe based on they quote fraudulent
Krupp dossier again reasserting the
completely false provably false
assertion that the only reason the FBI
was investigating Donald Trump is the
Christopher steel dossier accusing the
former director of the FBI of inventing
an investigation against the president
United States to do all of that on the
record has got to be the most unusual
thing that a lawyer has ever done and
I'm not a lawyer so you tell me if I'm
wrong you are absolutely not wrong it is
completely bizarre and it's particularly
strange because John Dowd since this
document isn't public couldn't have had
the IG report so he doesn't know any
more than you or I or anyone else what's
in that report that makes it a fireable
offense and as I said earlier we haven't
had the defense put forward yet he was
fired without the ability to present his
side of the case and that is wrong but
for John Dowd to make a conclusion based
on a report that if he is seen it would
be a violation for him to have seen so
I'm assuming he did not see the IG
report and he shouldn't be speaking out
of turn yeah like this well he but we
have but we do have some of his defense
I remember I'm gonna go back to on this
we have Andrew McCabe's defense we have
some of it because he has proactively
said that the OIG investigation focused
on information I chose to share this is
Andrew McCabe talking with a reporter
through my public affairs officer and a
legal counselor he has gone ahead and
proactively stated what it is he
that supposedly triggered the
investigation he goes on to say re
Melbourne if the attack on his
credibility is one part of a larger
effort not just to slander him
personally but to taint the FBI law
enforcement and intelligent
professionals more generally an ongoing
war on the FBI this is a guy who is
already fighting back against these
claims ari Melbourne is it possible that
he can cause the report used against him
to be made public because it seems to me
that the public deserves to see what's
in that report yes and now that he no
longer works there eventually the
declassification process should seem to
be easy you can read act certain things
and show everyone the basic rationale
for his removal you just put your finger
on a joy forget John doubts self-serving
call which is important forget stormy
Daniels forget Jeff Sessions late-night
move if the only thing we learned this
morning is that this twenty-year FBI
veteran who happens to be a registered
Republican was alleging that the Trump
administration removed him over the
Russia probe and removed him in an
abusive and misleading way that alone is
a huge piece of news in the legal case
for obstruction against the Trump White
House alone then put back in the mix the
things I just put to the side and they
may make it worse given how many legal
problems there are so I looked Andrew
McCabe is an FBI guy who investigated
the Boston Marathon bombing was dealt
with intelligence changes for fighting
terror at home who did as I say 20 years
on Rico and other types of FBI cases
this guy is a real prosecutor a real
investigator with real cred and he is
now standing up and saying on the
strength of his record and his entire
life's career
yep that these people fired him over
Russia's so that's big and I think what
we're seeing here is John Dowd and
others trying to figure out how do they
play this but it's too hot to handle
yeah the g-men are fighting back and by
the way I can update our viewers to know
that John Dowd has now tripled down on
this statement having sent it to Betsy
Woodruff having sent it to NBC News
Kelly O'Donnell
he has now sent it to CNN's Gloria
boards or the exact same statement which
I guess is now back being on behalf of
the president's my guest to be back
later in the show and by the way not to
worry he is not not the stormy Daniels
story off of this show because at the
top of the next hour you know we're
gonna be talking to stormy Daniels
lawyer that is going to be coming up on
the other side of this break do not go
anywhere
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
