good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes we have a very big interview for
you tonight with one of the most
compelling and mysterious figures in the
Russia investigation we learned
yesterday of course that special counsel
Robert Muller has subpoenaed the Trump
Organization which of course oversees
Donald Trump's business ventures for all
documents related to Russia and other
topics that Muller is investigating for
nearly a decade a lot of those business
ventures involved my next guest Felix
Haider he's a guy with a colorful past
which included spending a year in prison
for slashing a man's face in a bar fight
and a stock fraud conviction involving a
mafia linked brokerage firm that's just
a tiny part of his story Sater went on
to partner with Trump on a string of
projects that's a turd the Mike with
Trump behind him at the launch of the
ill-fated Trump Soho in 2007 last year
we learned that Sater who's an American
citizen was born in the Soviet Union
wrote an email to Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen in 2015 bowing to engineer deal to
build a Trump Tower in Moscow writing
quote our boy can become president of
the USA and we can engineering I will
get all of Putin's team to buy in on
this I will manage this process cedar
added I will get Putin on this program
and we will get Donald elected and now
for perhaps the craziest part what we're
just learning thanks to some great
reporting over at BuzzFeed it turns out
Felix Sater was also amazingly an
intelligence operative for the US
government with a resume out of a spy
thriller
BuzzFeed confirming this week that Sater
obtained five of Osama bin Laden's
personal phone numbers before September
11th helped flip a Taliban source to get
information about al Qaeda training
camps revealed plans for an attempted
assassination of George W Bush in :
Powell and went undercover in Cyprus and
Istanbul to catch Russian and Ukrainian
cyber criminals and the Senate was
considering Loretta Lynch to become an
attorney general she was asked about
Saders fraud case specifically which has
been under seal in which she had
overseen as US Attorney stater had been
convicted of a 40 million-dollar scheme
but only ended up paying a $25,000 fine
Lynch helped explain why quote for more
than 10 years Sater works with
prosecutors providing information
crucial to national security and the
conviction of over 20 individuals
including those responsible for
committing massive financial fraud and
members of La Cosa Nostra joining me now
is Felix ater I have never met anyone
with that resume
thank you for having me I think that
shit I mean I here's my takeaway from
that resume what kind of man are you
feeling satyr
I guess complex to say the least
you know I'm a immigrant that came to
this country at the age of seven grew up
here went to school right went on to
work on Wall Street had a very
successful career on Wall Street as a
young man unfortunately one night in a
drunken bar brawl one guy went for a
beer bottle I went for a margarita glass
and that changed the trajectory of my
life you did a year for that I went to
jail and I did a year for that bar fight
when I came out I had no money young
child had no money and in a moment of
weakness nothing that I'm proud of then
or now or have I ever been got involved
in the stock scam which is the shady
side of Wall Street which was something
that was devastating to me because I had
planned to have a very successful Wall
Street career and I did that for less
than two years left voluntarily on my
own got out of it and because I just
hated it I despised every day in every
minute of it
and when I used to go to sleep I used to
hate it let me ask you this sure if
someone came to meet Chris Hayes okay
and they said hey Chris you're in a jam
with the law but if you can do some
things if you go talk to these people
find out some information like for
instance who's singing and selling
Stinger missiles in Afghanistan or what
cyber criminals are up to you into
Ukraine I would say that sounds great
but I have no idea where to start but
you were a person who does know how to
start like explain to me that talent you
seem to I'm serious I I see you seem to
be able to find your way towards people
like that and get them to trust you well
first let me clear up a small
misconception that's been reported yeah
is that the things that I've done in
terms of national security in terms of
my assistance to the government
on financial crimes whether it was mafia
or whether it was financial assaults on
our financial institutions by cyber
criminals or terrorists such as Osama
bin Laden what's most important and
which has not been reported is that I
started working for US intelligence way
before the stock case came around so
nobody came to me and said go do this
for us and then you'll get out of ok but
what kind of person does that like what
what how are you finding your way into
these seamy underworlds to get
information the US government can find
useful well let me tell you the story
how that happened
after I got out of clearly the shady
side of Wall Street for about a year I
was working on very legitimate financial
transactions and I think anybody who
researches me could see that I stopped
in 1996 voluntarily and just left
because truthfully I just didn't want to
do it anymore it was disgusting it was
despicable it was garbage and I'm sorry
and I very sorry that that happened ok
and I accept full responsibility was my
fault and people lost money and because
of the things that I did and if I had if
I haven't yet anyone that is out there
that has caught that I have caused any
pain I apologized to and I'm very sorry
for so in 96 I stopped that got out of
Wall Street but I started working on
financial transactions somebody from the
British royal family Lord Churchill
tells me he has a friend who's doing in
telecommunications deal in Saint
Petersburg Russia Russia had just Soviet
Union collapsed it's now Russia it's
opened up it's the Wild West I said
could you help him he's having problems
with his telecommunications deal I said
ok no problem so I fly over to Russia I
take a look at his deal I realized that
he's beyond help there's no way to help
him his deal is going under but I
realized that there's a very big
opportunity in telecommunications and I
started negotiating with AT&T to rent
two transatlantic cable ok I figured
I'll have a transatlantic cable and I
could you know cell phone minutes phone
cards etcetera etcetera
now telecommunications in the Soviet
Union and then in Russia was pretty much
controlled by Russian intelligence
hardcore so you start talking to those
people I start talking to
telecommunications executives who
clearly were intelligence operatives are
you the kind of guy that knows when
you're talking to intelligence
operatives
no but I'm a pretty good judge of
character and I sort of you know figured
that they couldn't be regular Joe's I
asked because that's a looming that's
something that looms over this whole
story right because it looms over Donald
Trump and it looms over his campaign and
folks right did they know who they're
talking to did they know what was he on
their side so let me ask you this how
did you meet Donald Trump I we formed
the company in 2000 to do real estate
development that was in his office no we
were in the building we were in Trump
Tower we were on the 24th floor Trump
organizations on a 26th floor I
basically knocked on his door said I
think we should become partners
I have great real estate deals I'm gonna
be a very successful developer and you
want to work with me it's a very
champion move I don't know I think it
was a very Felix kid you guys get along
yes
how would you characterize your
relationship friendly talked a lot
sometimes a lot sometimes when you're
working on a deal talked a lot talked on
the phone talked in person
mostly impersonal I was two doors down I
just go upstairs and speak to him but to
return to your question about how is it
that I meet people like that well as an
example is knocking on Donald Trump
store right saying hi let's let's start
working when I was working on
telecommunications deal I was invited to
a dinner party in Moscow and there was a
lot of Russians there and I was there
and a guy walks in an American guy older
and somebody says oh you guys should all
you guys should meet each other you're
both CIA agents I thought it was a joke
I mean all evening long he sitting there
addicting your future you say I think
and he's sitting there and peppering me
with questions
all night long I go to the bathroom he
follows me into the bathroom and says
can I have your phone number
I said sure I'd like to talk to you
about some business there's a great no
problem I gave him my phone number the
next day I meet him in an Irish pub in
Moscow not far from the Kremlin
we're and his name is Milton Blaine Lord
he proceeds to tell me that he's been a
military intelligence operative for the
US government for the last 40 years of
his life and that the u.s. government
desperately needs people like you well
specifically that the people that I'm
sitting with are high high end Russian
intelligence operatives and he says
Felix they seem to like having a drink
with you they seem to make jokes with
you he said we've been trying to
penetrate these people for years I said
okay he said look your country needs you
the Soviets at that point had developed
KH anti radar system he said basically
their planes could fly in and our radar
can jam them and we need this equipment
so let me ask you this you sure you you
have a relationship you speak fluent
Russian so yes I you go over there and
do business you go back and forth at one
point you go to Moscow in the wake of
this case right you go to Russia you end
up coming with which case of the fraud
case the stock fraud case you've got a
Russian I went to Russia to work on a
transaction the stock the stock case
happened in 96 which I did for about 18
months I went to Russia in 97 okay
the what's been reported that I ran away
because that's not true
that's just not true you go there and
one of the one of the things you do
where all these sort of different
threads come together is you're working
on Trump Moscow right well no no this is
um we're now speaking about 1997 what
I'm saying though as a person who who
you have contacts in Russia you speak
fluent Russian yes right later in your
life you sort of become a business
partner with Donald Trump you guys work
on Fort Lauderdale right Fort Lauderdale
Phoenix Trump Soho you end up working on
Trump Moscow that's that's an important
project that is that is the produce
those emails that everyone now knows
about it's the project that a lot of
people are curious about and I want to
ask you about you're involved in that
project when what happened to it if you
would stick around after this break will
you do that absolutely all right for me
here in New York Felix it around let's
talk about this Trump Moscow deal sure
you're trying to build a deal there
you're trying to do business in Russia
with Trump at one point you're over
there with the Trump kids right with yes
with vodka and Don jr. yes
how connected are you in Russia at that
point I know some business people there
I know enough business people to try to
put together a deal plus I speak Russian
plus I have no problem knocking on
somebody's door and saying hi I'm here
and we're gonna build something
beautiful and let's do business
the truck Moscow deal you're pursuing
that email here's the way people read
that email is that there's some
basically that there's some backstory
here in which the deal is part of the
election interference there's some quid
pro quo or there's some idea and here's
the one we talked about the we can get
our buddy elected but here's the one
that I think is interesting in the New
York Times characterizing emails they
said Mr Sanders that he was eager to
show video clips to his Russian contacts
of instances of mr. Trump speaking
glowingly about Russia and said we could
arrange for mr. Putin to praise mr.
crumbs business acumen if he says it we
own this election mr. Seder rode your
ass I did write that yes why did you why
in these emails there's two of them here
right why are you guys making his
connection between building this
building in Russia and his electoral
success me personally I was trying to
build the tallest building in the world
or in Europe what second why is Donald
Trump gonna be elected president he
builds a building in Europe and Moscow
well because doing a gigantic deal it
would have looked good it was good it
was good for business it could have
potentially faltered in error of date on
tour goodwill between the nations
because a businessman came in and it's
better than politicians there's no point
at any point did any Russian communicate
to you interest in cultivating Donald
Trump on behalf of the Russians Russian
government's Russia Kremlin friendly
forces I have risked my life to try to
protect our country for over 20 years in
situations and places that would make
your hair stand on end the insinuation
that I would get together with anyone
especially Russia of all places or any
other country in the world for the
detriment of our country is not only
insulting but laughable that may be the
case but I'm just not an answer the
question you'd be more than did anyone
in did anyone ask suggest to you an
interest in cultivating Donald Trump on
behalf of either the Kremlin
Lenna lied forces people in Russian
intelligence when you were working on
this Moscow deal absolutely not
was it ever communicated to you that
they were interested in Donald Trump for
reasons other than business absolutely
not
why does the deal fall through in Moscow
because the Trump Organization announced
that they were not going to do any more
international deals did you seek to
acquire funding through Russian banks
for the deal to build a building like
that in Moscow the only thing only we go
to a rose banks was one of them VTB yes
it was so you did seek to acquire Vitti
funding through VTB well there was a
developer it wasn't my deal there was a
I put the deal together I ran into
Michael Cohen who's an old into your
friend yeah part of the emails is I've
known him since I'm a teenager so it's
basically two old friends saying hey our
guy can become president if we were
excited
it wasn't something surreptitious it was
two guys who knew each other for over
thirty years
excited you say that before
and that's true I do understand that but
you're very um you're not a kid and
you're not a naive dude no right I mean
you just told me use it in situations
hair stand on end you've been flipping
Taliban people you've been talking and
like goes a nostra right
the the idea that this was just do you
understand why people might be skidded
skeptical this is just like giddy
enthusiasm yes I'm sure that I'm sure
they are and the emails may sound
damning but at the end of the day it was
emails between two friends about a real
estate transaction and me from my
perspective for my site I'm trying to
build a billion dollar deal so the
reality is Putin Trump and if I knew
people in China I would have tried to
get the premier of China involved and
get a trifecta going let me just make
sure that I know this part down
so the people associated with the deal
you said you put the deal together
wasn't your deal it developed on Russia
was looking to VTB for finance I had a
local developer there and I had the
Trump Organization here and I was in the
middle and the local developer there
would have gotten financing from VTB
and/or another Russian bank but VTB was
at that point the go-to bank for real
estate development okay that's why VTV
your business has been sued before bay
rock yes
and I want to read you part of that
lawsuit and I know you deny this but I
want you to get a record no problem
in a lawsuit that was fired by some file
bus on Bay Rock of course was the group
that helped develop Trump Soho here in
yes City someone that you worked with
said in the lawsuit tax evasion and
money laundering are the core of Bay
Rock's business model the lawsuit
alleges it said Trump Soho building
specifically which you also developed
with the president was a monument to
spectacularly corrupt money laundering
and tax evasion yes it was an employee
who first reached out to me who said
let's get money from your partner and
from the law firms and he sued me and 12
other law firms and over a hundred
individuals for 1 billion dollars
subsequently in that lawsuit
a federal judge referred the lawyers who
were handling that for criminal
prosecution to the US Attorney's Office
you think this is just that's not a
denial though what it's absolute denial
is there's a hundred percent that if a
rock did bay rock ever might launder
money absolutely not
did the Trump Soho deal depend on money
that was being used purchases that were
being used to mass transactions for the
purpose of laundering no absolutely not
you can know that definitively whoa us
building the building and the money that
it came from came from Tom Sapir who was
a very large land owner in New York
that's what we that's the money that we
used to build it the buyers of those
units well like any place else you don't
know some of them are LLC's you don't
know who the owners are you don't know
who's behind it but whether whether we
were involved in selling to someone for
the purpose of masking anything
absolutely not
how interested is Donald Trump in the
people on the other side of the deal
from him like any developer very little
if they bring a check to buy an
apartment and it check clears they're a
good customer that's his MO no that's
every developer in New York's mo not
every developer in New York though is
run for president right so all of a
sudden you take that mo you put it in a
different situation like would you take
a meeting or dirt in your opponent right
I don't know I'm not a politician
I'm suing every politician would but I
don't know my question to you is having
worked with the guy is he the kind of
person who would be open to that kind of
thing I don't believe that Donald Trump
would open to a type of thing money
laundering accepting dirt from a foreign
adversary on his opponent we know his
son said if it's what you say I love it
about that Trump Tower meeting I'm
asking about the president someone whose
character you know so in whose business
MO you know and just described as a
person in a development situation who if
the other person on the side the deals
much check clears
he doesn't want to ask any questions my
question to you is in a political
context if the other person decided the
deal is offering turn on his opponent is
he the kind of person who says I don't
want to know where this came from but
I'll taken well I guess from the reports
of the meetings that happen obviously
the answer is yes for Don jr. I'm
talking about the president I don't know
if I could answer that I don't know if I
could answer that question I don't
believe that Donald Trump would ever
meet or collude with a foreign power
against our country I certainly would
never even speak to him if I ever
thought that was the case I don't
believe that other than getting dirt on
an opponent that it was thought through
a lot I don't believe the the idea was
thought through of where was coming from
who was coming from it was political oh
we got some dirt on an opponent great
let's take it do you think the election
the the Russians meddled with the
election a hundred percent what's your
feeling about that I think they attacked
us I think it's an act of war
and I am absolutely disgusted that our
politicians are having a one-and-a-half
year post mortem about how they meddled
what they meddled I grew up in Brooklyn
it's a very simple place somebody
attacks you you punch them back not once
but twice and at this point doing
something about it is very important for
America to show everyone don't mess
about why is that why is the man that
you worked with that you know why is he
not you even have to ask him that
question but I'm asking you because you
work with him I didn't want you I work
with a lot of people I can't speak for
all of them but you know something about
how the guy operates right yes I believe
so
let me let me put it this way there is a
supposition of some that the reason that
he has not acted more forcefully against
Russia is because they either has
something on him or he was engaged in a
quid pro quo is that a plausible story
idea no does not it's not applause I do
not believe so look anything is possible
I
in every meeting I don't know I wasn't
part of the campaign I was in part of
the election and I was out of the Trump
Organization in 2010 that was years
before and I only showed up just to do
the Trump Moscow deal I don't believe so
but item I wasn't there and I don't know
and if I don't believe so but if you
showed me proof that it happened I
certainly would have take a look at it
and say of course it one of the things
the president always says is I got no
deals in Russia all right and we know
that's true I mean there's no he doesn't
have deals in Russia right no building
bearing his name the question everyone
wants to know is is their Russian money
in his properties right the the the the
question is was Russian money directed a
news properties was it money that passed
through different LLC's do you know the
answer the operation yeah I have an
assumption about that for anyone in the
Russian government to pass money through
to the Trump Organization through his
properties which had to have happened
way before the election I doubt anyone
has a crystal ball and truly believed
that one day this developer is going to
be the President of the United States so
let's start funneling money to him but
they did take an interest in who the
Russians well the Russians they bring
him over further they bring him over for
the pageant's of course but that was
business that was well wait a second
wait a second this story starts with you
telling me the yurt of business meeting
about telecom industry in Russia and an
American intelligence guys pulls even
the bathroom and says these are all
hiring gang operatives that we need to
get interested so then you can't turn
around and say well that was just
business because it seems like business
and other things are pretty intertwined
in Russia yes they are right I mean
percent so hundred percent if Donald
Trump's going and he's doing the pageant
Moscow with the outdoor arroz rice the
Kremlin knows what's going on there's
people in the room a hundred percent
right did you do you know they had Wars
I've met one of them but I don't know
them personally well at all you met him
in person I've met one in person
what was it kind of wishful son Emin yes
in what context a dinner party in Moscow
I mean this is my final question for you
sure
it's established that you worked with
the government as an intelligence asset
right yes there is no parenthesis no
book and no clothes on that relationship
correct
no there is no broken and closing and I
would work with my government in any
capacity that they would ask me today
tomorrow until the day I work to the FBI
yes I did
you worked with Andrew Weissman who was
a lawyer the DOJ yes he signed my
cooperation
he signed your cooperation Andrew
Weissman now works for our mama correct
yes he does okay
people look at this and they maybe start
to think two and two equals four you're
a guy who knows how to talk to people
and pass information along you have a
relationship the FBI and you've got a
relationship with Andrew Lessman Andrew
Weissman is currently working for Robert
Mahler are you working for are wrong I'm
not working for Robert Muller nor have I
ever worked for Robert Muller have you
cooperated with the FBI in its
investigation I'm sorry I cannot answer
about anything about any ongoing
investigations that are happening that's
not for me to say do you understand why
people might come to that conclusion of
course that doesn't mean that it's true
just because they come to that
conclusion
Felix aider you can read more about his
pretty incredible life in BuzzFeed and
it was great to have you on the show
you're wanting to come back and I would
like to say that all I could say is
after so much terrible things written
about me I'd like to thank Anthony
Cormier and Jason Leopold your your name
that's what you're doing I'm not trying
to clear my name I'm just trying to give
everyone a full picture of everything
that I've done a full picture so that
there could be a balance instead of just
reporting what I did in my 20s right and
I'm 52 years old and reporting them as
if it happened last Tuesday which it
didn't and there's a lot that's that's
there thank you for coming by I really
thank you very much all right thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
