this week the storing Washington's been
dominated by staff changes rumors of
those changes Trump aids leaking against
each other and a mounting sense of chaos
followed by denials but on this Friday
night let's pull back from that daily
and even hourly story we want to do
something different in this next
conversation and explore how a looming
sense of chaos is broader than any
single story how fear itself permeates
our emotions organizes the way we see
the world and we want to do it with a
special guest and a friend of the show
best-selling author and journalist Tony
Schwartz he specializes in addressing
how emotions define our lives and how we
interact with other people Tony's also
known for some writing he did briefly in
his 30s ghost writing the book that put
Trump on the map the art of the deal he
now donates the profits from that book
to immigration groups now he recently
observed Trump's made fear the dominant
emotion of our times and as we move into
fight-or-flight mode we can become more
self-centered our vision narrows to the
threat we lose the capacity for empathy
rationality and proportionality Trump
says he doesn't read much but he
certainly grabs the focusing power of
fear and he used campaign rallies to
narrate how the ms-13 gang deploys
violence but ms-13 is particularly
violent I was reading one of these
animals was caught and explaining they
liked to knife him and cut him and let
him die slowly because that way it's
more painful and they enjoy watching
that much more these are animals but
focusing on Trump can obscure the much
wider dynamic we live in a world now
that's more stable more prosperous less
disease ridden in a century ago but
which is also more complex and it
features global problems that are
profoundly scary from the very real
prospect of climate change and pandemics
wiping out large parts of the population
to technology stoking a nuclear standoff
that gets out of control
democratic politician Lyndon Johnson ran
an ad to scare voters about his opponent
Barry Goldwater the ad was actually
created by media consultant Tony
Schwartz no relation you see it they are
the famous
and Ronald Reagan had his iconic bear ad
which scared voters about the threat of
the Soviet Union represented by a bear
to suggest fear was rational and should
animate a tough foreign policy for some
people the bear is easy to see others
don't see it at all since no one can
really be sure who's right isn't it
smart to be as strong as the bear if
there is a bear if there is a bear you
know that ads really evocative because
the pictures certainty scary bear on
screen overrides any caveats from that
narrator it leaves most viewers thinking
yeah let's be ready for the bear that's
already advancing on that dude but this
isn't just about ads or campaigns it's
about the emotions that drive our
worldview there's a Yale study that
showed people who imagined they had more
physical safety found their attitudes
moved left while a perception of fear
moved people to the right is there a way
to stop fear from controlling us and why
is fear so dominant in America right now
well for answers I turn to the person
whose ideas inform much of what I just
said Tony Schwartz is back on the beat
thanks for being here thank you for
having me
why so much fear well why not I mean
we're living in a world you know fear is
basically caused by uncertainty by
change and by insecurity all of those
are rampant in the world right now and
you know what was interesting after we
spoke last week is that we ended up
subsequently off the camera talking
about what is a different perspective
what's a wider perspective that we could
bring to this and bring to the national
conversation that goes beyond fear
because fear is what's narrowing us and
what's putting us in this contracted
state and it's not a good state from
which to operate and I think that what's
interesting is to imagine what is a
perspective that wouldn't be in an
emotional state so polarized and so
black and white and so focused on
where our differences are as opposed to
where our commonalities are and you look
at that you were also talked to me a
bill a little bit about freeze we talked
about fight or flight then there's a
concept of freeze a situation where
you've concluded you can neither defeat
this dangerous opponent confronting you
but you also cannot safely bolt it you
can't do the flight I'm sure some people
watching at home may feel to some degree
it's if you live in America that they're
in a fear freeze as a long-term state
yeah I think that I think freezes that
is the most extreme version of flight in
the fight flight freeze freezes the end
is the end game it's when you just feel
you've given up and you've turned over
it's a type of flight but it's it's a
surrender flight its the surrender and
listen I you know I think the answer is
for us to ask this question what are we
not seeing I think that's the that's the
question that gives us the potential to
escape this place that we find ourselves
in and that's essentially first of all
what I've been doing for 15 years at the
energy project which was my company you
know helping leaders to see more to take
more variables into account to be less
narrowly focused so they can be bigger
and better and more capable human beings
and what that involves is a perspective
that's about less about and you talked
about this difference between what
happens to people when on the right and
the left less about protecting what
you've got and more about expanding what
you can become so I love that because
that was also in the in politics this
week in Pennsylvania it was white
working-class voters it was people who
have all these reasons were told to feel
fear and economic anxiety I want to show
an ad that didn't work but was against
the Democrat Connor Lam appealing to
fear Connor Lam has a weak record as a
prosecutor Connor lambs efforts ended in
plea deals allowed
drug kingpin who flooded our streets
with cocaine and heroin to receive a
lighter sentence can we really trust
Connor Lam to do the right thing as long
as I've been in around politics that
voice and that rhetorical question is
devastating at the end of ads and then
they're off and running not exclusively
against Democrats but often against
Democrats and there's something along
lines of can you really trust this
person with your kids they're talking
about a soldier and a prosecutor so you
can point out why it's factually wrong
but you're saying it's deeper than the
facts it's not letting people fall into
that fear trap and the way you fall into
the fear trap is that you know as we
grow up we get more and more tied to the
stories that we begin to tell ourselves
about who we are and who we're not and
at a certain point we begin to think
that the story we're telling our self is
actually who we are when in fact it's
really just a way in which we've learned
to protect ourselves it's a way in which
we've defined reality but it is not
reality so what happens is that once
we've locked into that story about who
we are and about what we believe we stop
growing and we stop learning and that's
a place where that kind of ad can really
lock people in and prevent them from in
effect spreading their wings from from
seeing again I'm gonna say seeing more
because what happens is you know you
have the phenomenon of confirmation bias
and in confirmation bias basically the
way you look at the world is to have it
confirm what you already believe so
Clinton supporters have found a way to
rationalize what Clinton did in terms of
women and sexual abuse Trump supporters
and justifying 19 women 19 women you
know sexually assaulting I mean it's
basically the Paul Simon idea and in the
boxer a man here is what he wants to
hear and disregards the rest regards the
rest are we going to Graceland value
you're going forward 10 years or 20
years Tony Schwartz you were fascinating
to listen to on the show off the show
and and you said something very
important that resonates with I think
what I hear from other people and people
watch the beat sometimes which is
that desire to grow to go beyond what we
think we already know or just be
confirmed and so I hope you I hope you
come back and let's continue the
conversation thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
