Elly O'Donnell the White House all right
Kelly I hate to put you on the spot here
but there are some reports of an
off-the-record meeting all of you had
with John Kelly that are now surfacing
out there in his attempt to try to tamp
down the feeding frenzy about staff
changes well putting the off the record
aside I think from being in the West
Wing today and talking with a number of
different officials there are some
things that you can perceive there is
what I would call a deflated attitude
there is a sense of perhaps the physical
weight of all of the turmoil that we've
been reporting on working in a White
House is always tough this feels like it
carries an extra burden in addition to
that I spoke with a senior official who
has regular contact with Kelly and with
HR McMaster who said things are calmer
than they appear
we also notably have seen HR McMaster
the national security adviser the
subject just so many of these stories
quite visible on the west wing side of
things today outside where a more
structures of him well we don't we're in
sort of a watch mode so any movement he
makes when we were tuned to but today we
had a couple of different opportunities
to see him I'm told by multiple
officials he was in meetings with the
president today so what does that tell
us it seems to be at least for now they
want to suggest that there is no
imminent change but when you mentioned
the president I'm always following the
president on weekends one or two
weekends a month he's often away from
the White House he will be here this
weekend no sense of is something
imminent we just don't know I mean
having an alert on the Twitter feed of
the President may be the best way we can
game this out but there was a definite
attempt today to try to calm the waters
about personnel issues and of course
stemming from personnel are all of the
policy things because when you change
people you inevitably slow down policy
so there was a definite attempt today to
try to say things are okay the lid is on
the tea kettle and at the same time
there are other officials who say they
don't know how long that holds by the
way Kelly it's notable we didn't see the
president at all today and I think one
tweet total about Nevada Senate thats
about it well it's a day with no public
events so what we you know he will often
have meetings behind the scenes
and he certainly was visible yesterday
with all the st. Patrick's Day
activities and so forth there are some
of those days and when they line up on
Friday Chuck you know the rhythm around
this place we often are in a heightened
sense of alert because Fridays across
administration's tend to newsy days and
as we're getting you know sort of this
time of day
yes given a lid doesn't always hold here
yeah we've not seen the president today
all right Kelly O'Donnell at the White
House hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
