nettie and is Stephanie Clifford and so
as we were going to break because he
wasn't the obviously he couldn't answer
several questions for good reason
Emiko mika asked if stormy Daniels his
client Stephanie Clifford was threatened
by the president or anybody's in the
president's organization physically
threatened to remain silent and he said
yes definitely let's bring back in now
former US Attorney Joyce Vance the
informations going to come out about
this physical threat and there are going
to be quite a few details about it Joyce
what what what are the implications you
know this is something of a bombshell Jo
this idea that someone physically
threatened her could possibly be a crime
so it may be that she now feels like she
can discuss details if perhaps she's
reported a crime to police and there's
going to be some sort of an ongoing
criminal investigation into whoever
threatened her but this will also in
many ways influence the judge who
ultimately hears this case of course a
judge in California will have to decide
if the NDA is valid and one of the
reasons let me ask you this if she
signed it yeah in da but then she comes
forward her attorney comes forward with
evidence that either the President of
the United States or somebody closely
associated with the president doing the
president's bidding let's say somebody
that has worked for the president
several years actually went to her and
physically threatened her and said that
physical harm would come of her if she
did not remain silent or sign it doesn't
that almost compel the judge to waive
the NDA and move forward and let that
testimony come out and possibly in
criminal proceedings yeah one of the
reason
that NDA's can be invalid is if one of
the parties is coerced into signing so
if she signs under a threat of physical
force that could invalidate it but we
don't see that pled in the complaint
that's really been filed if the threat
came after she signed the NDA that's a
little bit different of a situation it
could be for instance a separate crime
it shouldn't mean however that the NDA
isn't valid because it's against public
policy this sort of nebulous doctrine so
a lot of law school 101 sort of ideas
wrapped up in this yeah but at the end
of the day you know an NDA it's a
private contract between the parties and
if she's willing to pay whatever damages
she's required to pay in the contract I
think it's a million dollars every time
she talks she can talk away as long as
she's willing to run that risk that
she'll be forced to pay the fine so what
is the crime what would the specific
crime be in your jurisdiction
if either Donald Trump or somebody
closely associated with Donald Trump
went to stormy Daniels Stephanie
Clifford and and said if you talk the
physical harm you will be physically
harmed it will depend on where they were
what jurisdiction they were in when the
threat was made it could be something
that doesn't rise to the level of
criminal conduct but for instance the
worst case scenario if someone held a
gun to her head certainly that would be
some form of an assault or a threat
using a weapon in any jurisdiction in
this country so it will depend very much
on the specific facts so if you know
he's it fair to say legal aside if
stormy Daniels comes out and says that
she was physically let's say that again
physically threatened harm by either the
president himself or somebody very close
that and it seems to be credible that in
and of itself would bring down this
presidency with what is going on in the
world right now I don't know let's think
about what that's saying is no but think
about what they're saying it depends on
whether Republican
that actually but think about what
they're just really step back I'm not
watching a movie it's stunning what
happened here 15 minutes ago is nothing
short of stunning and I'm really
surprised that actually that he did
answer that question but obviously in
doing that that had to be Willie
something at the heart of her
allegations and one of the reasons why
she's so insistent on coming forward now
because either Donald Trump or somebody
closely associated to Donald Trump
physically threatened her and told her
to be quiet or else harm would come
first things first is an allegation from
the attorney first first or McDaniels
but I suspect based on the way he
answered our questions or didn't we may
hear a lot more about this a week from
Sunday on 60 minutes and he says there
is some documentation that perhaps will
be revealed in that interview but I
think Donny when you talk about the the
things that are baked into President
Trump we don't like it but it's a fact
of life that people know these things
about Donald Trump already in terms of
the the relationships he's he's had and
that won't shock people but if what
Michael avenatti said is true about some
sort of a physical threat whatever that
means and you will get the specifics of
it that has to change the calculus say
again I'm taking no I'm just
I want to we're gonna replay it we're
yeah cutting it I just want to make sure
exactly what the yes right was
characterized I think you see I think
you want to just because I one of the
things I tried to clarify was asked him
whether the whether the threat was
issued by a party to or someone
associate with a party to the contract
to the non-disclosure I think this
doesn't take away anything from what he
said now important it is but just to be
clear I think what he tried to do there
was say she was threatened but did not
in any way specify that it was that the
thought came from Donald Trump or any
Associates of Donald Trump now that
obviously the implication that someone
that was someone either around Michael
Cohen around Donald Trump around is
something that someone in that universe
but I think he tried to steer clear of
saying that directly and all he left was
that there was a physical threat that
was brought to bear on her by so that's
why this isn't
pourtant because to not to be to try and
say this carefully we're talking about
this president president Trump who's
very vocal about his conquests with
women or whatever you want to call it
throughout his entire career and a porn
star who that sex is a part of her
career so what would the sex be why
would that be a story at this point I
think what we're looking at now is what
happened after and whether or not she
was threatened what the President of the
United States though let me go back to
Bill Clinton yeah you know there were so
many times when either Bill Clinton or
people associated with Bill Clinton
would come to the hill and testify you
not tell the truth yeah and so much so
that everybody would laugh and they that
was baked into the cake Bill Clinton
didn't tell the truth I mean I've said
it all that many times one of the big
scandals was the transfer of missile
technology to China because Bill Clinton
wanted a reward
it seemed one of his financial biggest
contributors but it wasn't until the
Monica Lewinsky scandal dropped and
America Americans had something in their
face for that story that actually people
paid the kitchen now I personally was
saying at the time let me finish
I personally whose saying at the time
that I found it maddening that Americans
were focusing on this story but didn't
give a damn that the president was
transferring secret missile technology
to China through one of his his top
contributors when the Pentagon told him
not to do it when all of his military
people told him not to do it but he did
it anyway and then they sort of lied
about it but I so like there so this is
concrete yeah and and that's why this
story even though we should be more
concerned about Russia Americans will
pay more well and look here's the but
here's the other thing right if you
think about just just to remember the
context for some of this right the
Access Hollywood tape comes out
and in the week ten days after that you
had more than a dozen women who accused
Donald Trump of sexual harassment or
sexual assault this case is floating
around in that period the stormy Daniels
accusation right and then suddenly
there's an honest there's a agreement
struck a scenario in which she was
essentially forced into an agreement
where she's silenced in the last two
weeks of a presidential campaign because
she had a credible accusation where the
where the candidate thought that this
accusation coming out could stop him
from winning the presidency and where
she not only is paid off but again if
you take the implication what's
suggested here by the attorney mr.
avenatti the notion possibly that she
was not just paid off but was
essentially forced to take the payment
and and was told that she had to take
the money and shut up or she would be
physically harmed that in the last two
weeks of a presidential campaign where
the stakes are who's going to win the
presidency in a month of October
surprises when Donald Trump has been is
facing multiple allegations of sexual
assault and sexual harassment that is a
is a is a gargantuan story yeah in
potentially again I'm obviously
speculating here but this is the time
frame which that took place this is the
time frame which the agreement was
struck so if some of these details are
borne out what he seems to be suggesting
we have a gargantuan piece of history
here that's on the line and all I will
say is just to clarify this just a bit
meek and I have reason to believe that
it may be somebody yes we've heard about
associated with the president and so
this is not some support or random
pattern like this that we've never
actually seen ourselves but being close
to that if it is one of his inner circle
if it's a yeah I know exactly buddies
like that that will bring down this
presidency this is physical harm to a
woman this is not sex this is not
groping so so yes we hear it said
something before about how it was baked
into the cake I review that's different
I remember when access the Access
Hollywood tape came out and everybody
said oh that was
and I remember you and I having the
discussion say and is it it's baked into
the cake this is a guy that went on
Howard Stern and said things you know
terrible offensive and and actually it
said that he wanted to have sex with
Princess Diana you know and wished he
had because of her skin and I remember
saying at the time if Americans have
heard that and heard a thousand other
things where he said you have to slap
women around or you have to treat women
badly or you could you could list all
the things that he said on the Howard
Stern Show that was baked into the cake
is this different I think it is what he
feels in larges there is if anything
sometimes in a twisted way the President
or a man's potency and his conquests of
women add to his bravado and his
strength there's a Donnell difference
there's a huge difference between being
a womanizer and even harassing women I
want to hear what he said to say our
interview with the attorney this is just
eight seconds long but I just want to
clarify exactly what was said take a
look
was she threatened in any way yes
was she threatened physical harm yes oh
well Joyce it's a pretty clear yet again
what are your thoughts it could not have
been any clearer she was threatened that
story will have to come out and because
you know I couldn't agree more strongly
the context on the eve of the election
wraps this up inextricably with
political events in this country it
could easily be his downfall
yeah all right Joyce thank you so much
we're gonna be replaying that interview
with Michael a vanetti ahead including
the key portion about the physical
threat that stormy Daniels says she
endured following her alleged
relationship with the president we'll be
right back
was she threatened in any way yes was
she threatened physical harm yes oh well
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
