all right and as we mentioned it
yesterday on Monday we're kicking off a
brand-new segment Axios called the one
big thing it's based on my Callens Axios
am newsletter we're gonna get an early
look at the top stories driving the
conversation in Washington and around
the country each day Mike acts as
co-founder Jim VandeHei our national
political correspondent Jonathan Swan
are gonna join us with live reporting
analysis and breaking news again it
premieres right here on Monday at 5:55
a.m. Eastern straight ahead of morning
job hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
