today the Treasury Department announced
they were going to bring sanctions new
sanctions against the Russians who were
indicted by robert muller last month yet
another payout from the robert muller
special counsels office but then at the
same time we also got this a technical
alert from the FBI and the Department of
Homeland Security this alert provides
information on Russian government
actions targeting US government entities
as well as organizations in the energy
nuclear commercial facilities water
aviation and critical manufacturing
sectors this alert contains indicators
of compromise and technical details on
the tactics techniques and procedures
used by Russian government cyber actors
on compromised victim networks now you
can tell from all the weird nouns there
that this is obviously a technical
document this is a long and technical
document but the plain English of it is
clear it's a it's a warning it's some
sort of nationwide signal that something
is wrong
says right at the top of the report
contact DHS or law enforcement
immediately to report an intrusion now I
am not tech savvy enough or sort of
computer engineer minded enough to
understand a ton of what is here
particularly the long strings of
computer code that are included in this
report but what is clear to me just as
somebody who reads the news is that this
appears to be the follow-up and much
more serious and much more public update
to something we saw that happen this
past summer this past summer you might
remember this when you see this picture
of that nuclear power plant
this past summer Bloomberg News of New
York Times reported that a secret
warning had been issued by these same
agencies by Homeland Security and F and
the FBI a secret warning had been issued
to American power plant operators
telling them that there had been cyber
attacks specifically targeting u.s.
power plants including memorably the
operator of this big isolated nuclear
reactor out in Burlington Kansas the
warning this past summer about these
cyber attacks on American power plants
it didn't name who the perpetrator of
those attacks was and clearly that
warning was also never meant to be
public it was sent out secretly to power
plant operators to let
them know how to protect themselves we
the public only found out about it
because of very alarming leaks about
this secret warning that made their way
into the pages of the New York Times and
Bloomberg News so that was last summer
now it's seven eight months later now
the government is making a public
warning saying that these attacks on US
power plants have been committed by a
known perpetrator they've perpetrated by
the government of Russia
and this time the warning is public it's
not a secret warning that only goes out
to power plant operators and skilled
journalists it's going to everybody and
I think what they are saying is that
these attacks have gotten more serious
Nicole pearlroth at the New York Times
covered this for The Times last summer
when the warning had been secret and it
hadn't named Russia
Nicole pearlroth is also covering it
tonight for the New York Times now that
the warning is public and it does name
Russia here's how she explains the
evolution here quote in its urgent
report in June the Department of
Homeland Security and the FBI notified
power plant operators about the attacks
but stopped short of identifying Russia
as the culprit by then Russian spies had
compromised the business networks
business networks of several American
energy water and nuclear plants mapping
out their corporate structures and
computer networks they included that of
the Wolf Creek nuclear operating
corporation which runs a nuclear plant
near Burlington Kansas but in that case
and those of other nuclear operators
Russian hackers hadn't left from the
company's business networks into nuclear
plant controls forensic analysis
suggested that Russian spies were
looking for inroads although it wasn't
clear what what their goal was well now
apparently they've gotten further in
these attacks according to this report
released today by homeland security in
the FBI by the spring of 2017
Russian attackers successfully
compromised some North American and
European energy operators in the
following months the Russian hackers
made their way to machines that have
access to critical control systems at
power plants so not just the business
side but the stuff that actually
controls the power plants new computer
screenshots released in the report today
show that Russian state hackers
have the foothold they would have needed
to manipulate or shut down a u.s. power
plants according to Eric chin a security
technology director at Symantec a
digital security firm that's reported
extensively on this attack quote we now
have evidence that they're sitting on
the machines connected to industrial
control infrastructure that allow them
to effectively turn the power off or
effect sabotage from what we can see
they're there and they have the ability
to shut the power off all that's missing
is some political motivation the reason
this story belongs today alongside the
new sanctions that were just announced
against Russia and the Moller
investigation more broadly the reason
this belongs align side that reporting
is in part because this is something
else done by the Russian government to
us but it's also because of the timing
what's described here in this new
technical warning from homeland security
in the FBI is an attack that does have
have roots and you can see first signs
of it going several years back but in
terms of when this really got going it
parallels exactly the timing and the
pace at which Russia was mounting their
other attacks on our election leading up
to the election victory of Donald Trump
quote the strikes accelerated in late
2015 at the same time the Russian
interference in the American election
was underway by December 2015 the
Russian hacks had taken an aggressive
turn the attacks were no longer aimed at
intelligence gathering
but at potentially sabotaging or
shutting down power plant operations
this would suggest that at least three
separate Russian cyber operations were
underway simultaneously one focused on
stealing documents from the Democratic
National Committee and other political
groups a second using social media to
sow discord and division and this third
effort sought to burrow into the
infrastructure of American and European
nations joining us now is Nicole pearl
Roth who covered the secret warning to
power plant operators last summer is
covering this public warning and
technical alert from DHS and FBI tonight
at the New York Times I'm is pearlroth
thanks very much for joining us I
appreciate you being here thanks Rita so
first of all this is technical stuff and
I'm not that technically minded I will
bet that I just got some of that wrong
can you tell me if I got anything
important wrong or if those basics were
correct the basics were correct you did
a pretty good job there you know the
point is we've been under attack by
Russia for a while now
this is the first time today that the US
government has come out publicly and
named Russia as the perpetrator behind
some of these pretty serious attacks on
our critical infrastructure last year as
you mentioned I covered the attack on
the Wolf Creek nuclear plant that was
one of about a dozen nuclear power
plants that Russians had targeted what's
different in the announcement today is
it actually included a screen shot that
showed Russia's Russian hackers have
their buttons
sorry their fingers on the buttons here
they if they wanted to could have shut
down some of these power plants or
sabotage them in some way now there's no
evidence that they have done not yet but
for the first time we put out publicly
that they certainly have that capability
why was the previous warning to power
plant operators secret the one that you
reported on last summer that was not a
public warning I did altom Utley make it
into public discussion in part because
of your reporting on it but this one is
public today is it does it necessarily
follow that the increased severity of
these cyber attacks would result in it
being more important for this morning to
be public or would some of the same
caution apply that led them to keep the
previous warning under Epps I think when
they first came out with it last year it
had been about three months of innis
into a series of attacks on power plants
and nuclear facilities and as we
reported last year basically they had
only gotten into the business and
administrative computer networks back
then they hadn't been able to make the
leap from those networks into the
control systems themselves what's
different now and what they came out
with today was basically that's changed
we're now in a very serious situation
where Russian hackers are no longer just
in the administrative networks they
actually are in the computers that have
access to the machinery themselves
they're they're stealing screenshots and
they were taking screenshots that that
the Department of Homeland Security
published today which
that they were they were there they they
can turn off some of those power plant
systems if they want to they could
manipulate them they can sabotage them
and they're there and I think we've got
into a point where these attacks have
gotten so serious that we were left with
no choice but to come out and say hey we
know you're there is this the sort of
thing we're identifying it pointing out
what they've done naming in in some
cases the the specific technical ways
that these hacks were achieved the
specific type of malware that was used
on all these other things strings of
computer code that are in this technical
alert is this the sort of thing we're
naming it and identifying it will allow
power plant operators to stop hackers
from potentially doing this or are these
power plant operators essentially
helpless and tonight if Russian hackers
wanted to they could shut these things
down I mean it's a great question I
think at this point part of the reason
they came out with this is to tell power
plant operators hey look for this on
your systems because it's happening and
it's real there's a the separate
question is whether they can defend
against it and there it's just not clear
unfortunately when you look at the
critical infrastructure in the United
States first of all most of its
controlled privately it's not like if
we're attacked the government can come
in and sweep things up and fix things
this is largely been left to the private
sector to deal with and the private
sectors relied on a lot of old legacy
software which just makes it even easier
for some of these attacks to happen so
in some cases when you talk to some of
the the targets they don't even know
that they've been compromised
hopefully we hope that in many cases
when the government sees evidence or
picks up evidence that that Russians are
inside their systems they tip off these
companies as soon as possible but
there's definitely some instances out
there where you have a situation where a
power plant or a critical infrastructure
provider or oil and pipeline operator
has been compromised by some of these
Russian state-sponsored groups and don't
even know about it
well well everybody's tipped off now and
now it's a question of whether or not
they can successfully defend themselves
and fix and fix what's already gone
wrong Nicole pearlroth cybersecurity
reporter at The New York Times that was
an absolutely terrifying discussion but
clarifying as well thank you for helping
us understand it thanks for having me
Rachel all right um-hmm
I thought the scariest thing in
cyberattack news today was going to be
the other story that Nicole Perl Roth
had in the New York Times today which is
about a petrochemical plant in Saudi
Arabia being hit by a cyber attack that
was designed to not just shut it down
but to make it explode and kill people
and then we got her follow-up story
which is about what's happening here
right under our noses in our country all
right since I have been speaking in the
last couple of minutes we've got some
breaking news tonight
about what is said to be the next
high-level major staff shake-up at the
White House one of the reporters who
just broke that story joins us next day
with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
