Trump wants Thursday March 15 2018 I
think of Donald Trump as the Titanic and
Robert moer as the iceberg the Titanic
is luxurious sort of like a mar-a-lago
its rooms are large and beautifully
appointed there's a stateliness to the
staterooms a bit of Ralph Lauren up in
first-class mahogany and green I'd
imagine the frame pictures of Fox hunts
on dewy mornings aristocrats are
welcomed here out there in the cold
distance lies the iceberg from a safe
distance
it appears small non-threatening here on
the HMS Trump the music plays the on
deck sports continue all appears warm
calm triumphant someone dares to whisper
not even God Himself can sink this ship
but out there in the night something
causes the great ship to shudder what
was that terrible grinding sound the
passengers wonder what was that tearing
at the hall well tonight we got the word
that the ship at iceberg have made
contact it's now a matter of time
whether the great ship stays afloat or
as we sang it camp goes to the bottom of
it
something tells me when it comes to
escaping disaster on the HMS Trump it's
not going to be women and children first
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
