the other big story of the day so
joining me to help me with that it's the
former US attorney and now an MSNBC
contributor Joyce Vance Vance I want to
talk to you about the Muller subpoena of
the Trump Organization I think the
surprise here is that it was a subpoena
and not a request for documents why do
you assume a request was made and denied
and that's why we was a subpoena with
what was your reaction to the subpoena
aspect of this I think we have to be
careful not to make assumptions here but
something that we've heard from the
Trump Organization over time is that
they were in a cooperative posture with
the Muller investigation and sharing
documents that were needed
so this news that there's now a subpoena
that the subpoena was issued some weeks
ago is definitely a different trend and
does it signify anything it may just be
Muller trying to cut square corners but
far more likely it indicates that they
need a document of legal significance
that offers them teeth and whether
that's because cooperation was faltering
or because they were not receiving
documents that they expected would be in
the company's possession what we'll
learn more as the weeks move forward but
it does signal a change in attitude so
obviously he wants Trump organization
all things having to do with Russia so
what does that tell you about what he
how he's going about this investigation
I have a theory but I'm curious what you
would say to this and wouldn't you be
comfortable saying I haven't seen the
exact language of the subpoena and
that's something that we'd like to see
some prosecutors will occasionally write
a broad subpoena and then negotiate the
details with the folks that they're
seeking documents from this is a
subpoena Dukas tech omits four documents
the company won't be able to exert a
privilege for instance the Fifth
Amendment privilege to cloak the
production of documents so the fact that
it's focused on as we say all things
Russia indicates to me that there's some
coming together of these different
themes of trumps prior dealings in
Russia long before he became a candidate
of those developments in Russia that
were contemporaneous with the can
Payne for instance the negotiation for
Trump Moscow Trump Tower in Moscow and
then whether or not those pre-existing
financial relationships had anything to
do with the approach from Russia in the
2016 Trump Tower meeting in Manhattan
that offer of help meeting but this
really suggests that Muller at least is
investigating whether there's a
commonality among all of that conduct
let me ask you this the if the
especially if the special counsel wanted
to see the tax returns for the Trump
Organization and sort of a slew of LLC's
that are related because essentially
every development project that the Trump
Organization starts usually is its own
LLC I mean it's something we all learn
going through the president's personal
financial disclosure could he get those
records without going through the Trump
Organization could he go through his
subpoena the IRS subpoena bank records
or is he to get those those filings he
has to go to the Trump board directly he
can absolutely get those without going
to the Trump Organization directly at
something prosecutors do routinely do
you see has done national that would be
the first thing that he did gotcha so he
probably already has tax returns for
every LLC you probably assume he he
probably already has financial records
say if with Deutsche Bank people like
that would that be those things that he
would already likely have and not have
to go through the Trump Organization to
get exactly those are the types of
financial records financials that
prosecutors used to follow the money
Chuck so one facet of this new subpoena
request to the Trump Organization could
be possibly to see if what the
organization turns over to Muller
matches what he already has what he
knows about and what he expects or
whether they're withholding information
from him that's one possible spin on
this so this could be a test so if
you're the Trump Organization the smart
thing to do is assume Muller knows
everything and Muller certainly does at
this point it's an interesting way of
putting a choice pants former US
Attorney down there in Birmingham force
thanks very much for coming on charity
view thanks for having me all right hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on you too
if you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
