we've got breaking news at this hour
from the Treasury Department just
released they're taking aim at Russia
for meddling in the 2016 election and
imposing new sanctions NBC's Kelly
O'Donnell is at the White House fourth
Kelley talked to us about these new
sanctions who's being targeted well
there'll be five entities and 19
individuals according to the Department
the Treasury and they're continuing to
brief reporters right now so a lot of
the explanation is still coming out of
this but it deals with the cyber issue
and certainly dealing with what would
broadly be referred to as the Russian
meddling we've seen from secretary
minuchin who has really led this effort
here's a statement from him the
administration is confronting and
countering malign Russian cyber activity
including their attempted interference
of the u.s. elections destructive cyber
attacks and intrusions targeting
critical infrastructure these targeted
sanctions are part of a broader effort
to address the ongoing nefarious attacks
emanating from Russia that is from
Steven minuchin the Treasury secretary
so that gives you a sense of the overall
theme but there's a lot of detail in
this and that is typically the case with
sanctions where they'll go by naming the
individuals and the entities and why the
kind of fun to make a fundamental basis
for why they are levying these sanctions
against them so this is intended to
cripple these individuals and entities
from doing this kind of activity it's
also a part of the longer conversation
about Russian meddling where the US has
at times taken steps but at times from
the president there's been a more muted
response when it comes to Russia so this
is one of those ways the administration
sort of counterbalances the absence of
the president be more forceful on this
issue so that's what's unfolding right
now details still coming in to us in
terms of a detailed background briefing
first Kelley we'll get back to you as we
learn more from that briefing with
administration officials but I want to
bring in NBC News investigations
reporter Tom winter as well as MSNBC
justice and security analysts former DOJ
spokesman Matt Miller my panel is still
here Kaitlin whoh he burns Jonathan
dorit's Tom you've been reading in on
this I want to know more about who these
folks are and what they did and one
thing that stood out to us as we were
reading these released from the Treasury
Department was they talk about this
attack
On February 15th 2018 they call it the
most destructive and costly cyberattack
in history this addresses the the
election but also other cyber attacks
exactly right Chris this goes a lot
further than just the people that were
named in Robert Muller's indictment from
several weeks ago and that's most of the
individuals that are targeted here but
the US government says that since May
2016 energy nuclear commercial
facilities water aviation critical
manufacturing systems they've all been
targeted by the Russian government and
that's that's part of this of the
sanctions actions that are taking place
today to your point on the NAP petya
attack is what it's been called that was
the name of the malware that was used
and this goes back to February of of
this year well that was the attribution
of at the actual attack occurred last
year and basically this was a cyber
attack that decimated Britain's entire
health system their national health
system got had massive failures in their
ability to to get the records of their
patients to be able to frankly operate
here it says I believe for the first
time publicly they were also saying that
hospitals in the United States were
quote unable to create electronic
records for more than a week so at least
several US hospitals were also impacted
by this merits the largest shipping
company in the world was absolutely
decimated their ability to move global
trade so the US government says it was
worth millions of dollars and they've
directly targeted several Russian
entities for this in addition to that
they've also targeted the FSB which is
the Russian internal security service
and the GRU which is the Military
Intelligence Service for cyber sanctions
obviously they've already been hit with
sanctions as it relates to the two
Ukraine and Crimea and what's happened
there but this time they're saying hey
we're going at you with specific cyber
related sanctions for what you did in
the election and what you continue to do
to critical us infrastructure since May
of 2016 and in up to current date so
that's that's kind of the key things
from this but but the best roadmap as
far as the individuals and what's in it
as far as some of the entities they're
involved here is the robert muller
indictment this is kind of the those
folks aren't coming here we have no
extradition agreement with Russia so the
only way that the u.s. can really kind
of put a sentence on them so to speak is
to be able to enforce these section
so for the people that were directly
involved in the Russian election
interference according to Muller's
indictment those folks today are gonna
feel it in their in their pockets their
ability to to move their money and to
operate frankly hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
