let's start with this sort of you layout
part of the book this sort of spectrum
of what Putin was up to and part of the
thing that's coming into view here is
just this was not you know you got a lot
of irons in the fire and yeah we're
futzing with this and if I seem like
there was a lot that went into this
operation well yes and we report for the
first time that in 2014 there was a
Kremlin official talking to a US
official working in Russia and who told
him for the first time he had secretly
he wasn't a spy but he was giving
intelligence of Americans that Putin was
interested in waging a massive massive
campaign to undermine liberal
democracies democratic institutions in
the West and the United States that
would conclude information warfare
social social media activity propaganda
and we saw that in 2016 we saw evolve
and it wasn't all those fronts
it's brazen it's Putin basically saying
Ah matsuki I'm at war with the West
secretly and now what's happening in the
UK we see that he is again repeating
what he's done in the past but stepping
over some very basic norms and unlike
what we've had in this country in
response in terms of the Trump
administration
Tresemme is saying wait a second here
what are we gonna do about this we
should say there is a statement put out
what the White House today was rather
strong it basically agreed with the UK
did not sound like the way that one
talks about it one of the big questions
here is there's sort of different ways
to view Trump's views of Putin mm-hmm
one is that he likes all kinds of
strongmen
I mean he was on the right to another
I'll never forget he was praising Kim
jong-un at one of them was like you
gotta hang on the guy guy stuff is
killing his brother he's killing mrs.
Matt it's like what are you saying so
one is just that he has a sort of
personal disposition in affection right
one is that this is part of some quid
pro quo well you have a report about the
history the two of them having the
aberration right right and and how this
evolved look I mean yes there is the
just affection for a fellow autocrat you
know or somebody who acts like an
autocrat but there was something more
here which is and you go we go back we
start the book with that Miss Universe
pageant in 2013 when the Trump goes to
Moscow and why is he why else is he
there
what what's really motivate
he's trying to do a business deal right
and for the first time he has a partner
yeah eros aguillera off the billionaire
Russian oligarch known as Putin's
builder her who had partnered with him
on Miss Universe and can partner with
him on a Trump Tower Moscow and what's
so attractive about a glare off he's
close to Putin what is what is Trump
obsessed with during that trip to meet
with Putin he keeps asking everybody
around them is Putin coming have we
heard from Putin yeah it's really be my
best friend right right so this this was
all in Trump's mind as best we can tell
you know it all fits together he wanted
Putin's blessing for this deal he was
forming with with Putin's builder
Aguilera and he saw a real opportunity
to for a real business deal here that he
had wanted for many many and he knew
that you can't do a big tower in Moscow
without his rule apartment yeah so
people have been wondering about why
he's so positive about Putin I do think
it's this aspirational affinity for the
strongman but I also think he was smart
enough to realize that you can't get
these deals done if you're dumping on
the guy for his human rights records for
the treatment of gay for a regime where
which journalists are murdered and that
continues on into the campaign in 2016
when yet again there's another deal on
the table while he is a presidential
candidate to build a Trump Tower once
more so when he goes on the shows he's
praising Putin while his lawyer Michael
Kohn who's in the news for other things
these raise is dealing with a former
felon named Felix a dirt right to try to
get a deal with the Russian which
government which would have to be
approved by the government so he has
these alternative motives psychological
financial that have driven him and the
entry when we put this all together in
the book which it looks kind of stark
because a lot of these stories have come
out intermittently right but when you
put them down one after the other
oh the pattern turns out to be not so
hidden yeah and I should point out that
there's a on that first Trump Tower deal
with the angle Arabs
what happened to it there was a letter
of intent signed in Moscow Donald from
jr. is put in charge of the project
Ivanka flies over to Moscow in February
2014 to scout potential sites with Emin
Aguilera off but what's going on at that
time
Putin is annexing Crimea
he's intervening in Ukraine the u.s.
imposes sanctions he's engaging in some
of the most sort of reckless aggression
what what what what happens as a result
of that the deal is killed right well
you know and from you when you want to
look at where did Trump get his view
about sanctions on Russia the sanctions
killed his business deal you know it
helps explain the positions he took
later during the campaign all right
David you you published the first piece
about the steel dossier if I'm not
mistaken the mother in Mother Jones
during the campaign I'm gonna ask you
both this question I want you each to
answer there are two kinds of people in
the world there are people who think the
tape exists the infamous infamous girl
from a tape referred to until da sea and
there are those who don't and I really
mean that I mean that like a profound
sense in that there are people who think
there is something really messed up that
has come that has happened yeah and
people who think you know where are you
or what is your thinking about that well
in the book is the tape reels like yeah
in the book we detail Donald Trump's 36
hours whatever it was in Moscow and we
show that it's probably at the time
available for this was short was very
short and we also report for the first
time that Christopher David Steele who
wrote the dossier has been telling
associates that he thinks when it comes
to that particular allegation it's 50/50
he believes that the big picture items
that there was some Russian effort to
cultivate and co-opt trumped was there
and I think he hit the number on that
earlier than anybody else so we also
report that there are people associated
with Trump who've talked about him
taking other trips to Russia where he
engaged in wild activity that might lead
him let me the Russians to have
compromising material so I think the P
tape is not the end of the story
and right now man's been able to prove
that it does exist I'm with Christopher
steel this is about the best and I gotta
say it is unfortunate and actually
rather deplorable that an allegation
that the guy who brought it forth can
only say is fifty-fifty you know ever
got into the public sphere in the first
place that said you know it's worth
noting that Trump's chief alibi on the P
tape is Keith Schiller who has told that
Congress yes there was an offer to bring
prostitue he was the body bodyguard yeah
but he declined attitudes and that we
and he declined it said we don't do that
sort of thing it so happens that stormy
Daniels who's been in the news of late
has said her principal liaison for to
getting in touch with Donald Trump was
Keith Schiller she would call him he
would set up the meetings in the hotel
you have identified how the a plot and
the B plot of this tale are gonna end up
there perhaps David corn and Michael
this cop thank you very much thanks for
having us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
