actually have some exciting news to
announce this coming Monday right around
this time in the show we're gonna be
launching a brand new partnership with
Axius called one big thing it's actually
based on Mike Allen's must-read Axios Am
newsletter which breaks down that day's
top stories with clear sharp and concise
coverage each day will be joined live by
Mike axis co-founder Jim VandeHei or
national political correspondent
Jonathan Swan for their expert analysis
original reporting and breaking news of
course as well it is a feature you're
only gonna see here at Morning Joe first
look so be sure to tune in on Monday
5:55 a.m. Eastern along with the rest of
the show from 5 to 6 a.m. not just 5
minutes get up Morning Joe
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
