president Trump privately claimed two
Republican donors that he made up
information while discussing trade with
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
came to see me as a good guy just he
said no no we have no trade deficit with
you have none
Donald please nice good-looking guy
comes in we have no trade companies
everybody else I have no idea check
because I can't well sir you're actually
right we have no deficit but that
doesn't include energy and timber
it is incredible it's funny story but it
is a lie
so as the Washington Post points out the
office of the United States Trade
Representative says the United States
has a trade surplus with Canada so what
anybody did Willie and I mean I of
course and the last person to criticize
somebody's math skills I guess he went
to University of Alabama
looks like you've heard that before so
it wrote I wrote I but but is so yes
there is a seventeen billion dollar
deficit with Canada when you include
energy and timber but there's like a
twenty one or twenty two billion dollar
surplus when you add on everything else
so we actually do have a trade surplus
right with Canada so Justin Trudeau it
it hurts me to say this mr. box
he's so masculine watch a master by
telling minister it hurts me to say this
but Justin Trudeau was right I think
that was a British yeah that was a shaky
somebody way to the bottom line it hurts
me to say it but Justin Trudeau was
right it doesn't hurt me to say it
Donald Trump is wrong he was making up a
story and then he told thee without fit
last night yeah I didn't even know when
I sent him out and then they came back
in Ithaca you're right sir yeah nobody
said that because it's just not the
truth he was lying last night what a
surprise
his contributor and it shows how
casually he did it you know it was like
a flippin one-off story where the the
fundamental basic conversation was based
on something that wasn't true at the
highest possible level between two heads
of state Steve and he's you know for a
guy who claims
fake news about five six times a day
that's really important to tell the
truth to have your facts right when
you're talking to another head of scale
you're the president you knighted well
you know he's a big-picture guy he
doesn't spend a lot of times well how to
do to ask yeah but yet a normal person
say okay I made a mistake you know and
you fix that as opposed to try everyone
say that it's all convolution speaking
of not telling the truth yeah it's also
on this at the other point it's not just
the fact that it's a lie that his che
has shaky relation with the truth it's
going in so unprepared for the meeting
with a head of state and it's what you
know in tariffs is one subject but let's
have other foreign policy issues with
North Korea looming is is another to
have to be the one you have to be the
presidents to misrepresent yourself and
to be to be just winging it the head of
state that's also really it's
unimaginable that he actually reads a
briefing book it's unimaginable he goes
into these meetings really knowing what
he's talking about so stuff like this
this is a guy who doesn't sign book
contracts think about the top two
stories so far that we've mentioned
today you have Donald Trump in the
Republican Party lying about Connor Lam
saying that he's actually a Republican
when he is pro-choice he opposes a ban
on abortion after 20 weeks which I just
about every conservative I know supports
that I mean he opposed the Trump tax
cuts he opposed the gutting of Obamacare
you name it Connor Lam that means is a
down the middle Democrat but they lied
about that and now we have this meeting
with the Canadian Prime Minister right
who has this strange pretty fact we go
to a third story in a row where once
again the president the people around
him are lying
and it really should crystallize to
people as we watch this unfold that he
does not tell the truth here is the
latest in the scandal involving porn
star stormy Daniels we've learned that a
Jill a Martin a top lawyer for the Trump
Organization signed legal papers three
weeks ago that were intended to keep the
former porn star whose real name is
Stephanie Clifford
it about alleged affair with Donald
Trump the White House denies the
allegations but according to Clifford's
lawyer it's another piece of evidence
that proves Trump knew about the
nondisclosure agreement and the 130
thousand dollar hush money payment from
Trump lawyer Mike Rowe Michael Cohen the
Trump Organization released a statement
to NBC News saying quote the Trump
Organization is not representing anyone
and with the exception of one of its
california-based attorneys in her
individual capacity facilitating the
initial filing the company has had no
involvement in the matter wait a minute
so so Willie a Michael Cohen hasn't
exactly footprints I mean in this case
he's not never used the company email
paying off a porn star right and also
died find say if you go into California
they've got a few lawyers in California
yeah
don't go straight to the one that works
for the Trump Organization the Bourne
Identity
they cover people's struggles well among
the many reasons this is interesting is
because Michael Cohen's argument has
been yes I paid a hundred thirty
thousand dollars to stormy Daniels but
it was directed by no one it came from
me and me alone
but if you have a trump organization
attorney signing on to a document now to
silence from talking about it that
changes the conversation does have a
voice which she wants to use and
apparently did on 60 minutes meanwhile
July 12th hearing has been set for
Clifford's lawsuit aimed at dissolving
the non-disclosure agreement so she can
speak freely here is Clifford's attorney
talking to MSNBC's Nicole Wallace you
are now in the line of work of defending
women who have had sexual relationships
with the president that he'd like to
keep quiet have more women come to you
yes how many I'm not going to answer
that dozens not a dozen not a dozen more
than five I'm not going
and bigger than a breadbox today Heidi
Republicans on Capitol Hill they're
looking at all of these election losses
they're looking at the Moller
investigation moving on they're now
looking at this story unfolding and you
say that they're just fine with it
there's not a rising sense of panic on
the hill
oh I didn't say there wasn't a rising
sense of panic I just said I didn't know
that it was going to cause a course
correction
in terms of how they present themselves
or what they say about the president
Heidi what will it take they are the
captain of the Titanic they know the
iceberg is straight ahead of them they
know they're going to get routed this
fall if there's not a course correction
then I'm serious I was genuinely
thinking about this all day yesterday
going what is going through Paul Ryan's
mind
why does going through Mitch McConnell's
mind are they really just playing to
their contributors are they really just
playing to the richest Republican donors
out there and saying we're going to give
them their tax cuts and then we're going
to repeal dodd-frank we're gonna do all
of these things cuz it's almost like
they're saying we know Nancy Pelosi is
going to be speaker in the fall so we're
just going to give our donors everything
they need so we'll be okay on the other
side of this I do think that they were
thinking that you know they all bought a
ticket on the USS Trump and that it was
up to all of them to try and keep it
afloat now that you're seeing holes
poked in in the ship and folks starting
to see that it's sinking potentially
that there's a huge wave coming you know
there there is definitely panic but at
the same time they are on the record in
some of the most controversial
statements that this president has said
their silence is on the record and so
maybe if there is additional information
that comes out of the Moller
investigation that would be the only
thing Joe that I would
in terms of if there's conclusive
evidence of obstruction conclusive
evidence of collusion that maybe they
would be forced to make that break but
no look what you just saw this week with
the House Intelligence Committee
essentially shutting down the
investigation that is members again
putting themselves on the record in
quite a public way that they don't want
to know and that they're willing to take
that risk but they look silly when the
evidence comes out I've never seen a
larger group of self-destructive
suck-ups like what what what good is
going to come out of that how does this
help them that's again that's what I was
trying to figure out all day yesterday I
don't understand it because Jonathan
there's this there's a huge huge highway
just right down the middle of American
politics for a Republican saying I'm a
conservative a good man and we're a good
woman the along I was about to do a
speech Oh week is it a pretty exact
pretty facts then together I was a
conservative Donald I am a conservative
I was a conservative when Donald Trump
was contributing to Chuck Schumer and
Nancy Pelosi and the DNC I was pro-life
when Donald Trump was for late term
abortions I was with the NRA when Donald
Trump was talking about banning guns I
have been with this Republican party
while Donald Trump has been spending
hundreds and thousands of dollars to
defeat conservative candidates and I am
still a conservative if Donald Trump
decides he wants to be conservative
then I will vote with him if he doesn't
I will fight day and night to protect
conservative values to protect
Republican values and to be with you my
constituents who I promised I would go
to Washington and be your conservative
voice there is such a massive Lane for
that speech there are opportunities
every day for men and when
the Republican Party to step up and be
leaders of the new Republican Party when
it all comes crashing down this fall why
won't one person do it and the only
Republicans that have stood up there
leaving their ones who have announced
their retirement there was the ones who
said they're not running again because
they are still they fear that the Trump
is more popular in their districts than
they are they're afraid of his Twitter
account they won't challenge that they
won't do it if they are afraid of
Twitter Steve then they don't deserve to
have a Congressional vote well they're
afraid of Twitter and they're also
afraid of getting primaried and having
Trump support their opponent and getting
into a mess you know there's a lot of
talk about where where I have been on
gun rights and the NRA supporting me not
some the NRA was against me my first
campaign and I won with 62% of the vote
guess what
they never crossed me again because
guess how weak I made the NRA look in my
district it's the same thing with Trump
if conservatives start crossing Trump
and he tries to primary one of them and
they win guess what happens they look
weak we ran Newt Gingrich out of town I
stayed after Newt Gingrich just like I
stayed after Bill Clinton guess what
they came after me one time I got 62% of
the vote
they never came after me again again I'm
not making this about me I'm using this
as an illustration I could make
illustrations about when I was a
football coach or when I wrote musicals
that probably wouldn t suit people way
so we talk about what he's in Congress I
know they can cross you one time and if
they don't beat you then they look
really weak so I think this fear is so
overrated
somebody needs a conservative needs to
start separating themselves from Donald
Trump and save the conservative movement
and save the Republican Party it's going
down this fall and and when the dust
settles people are going to look back
and say okay who stayed the course while
everybody else was chasing after and
defending Donald you have to have
foresight I mean as you said the ice
is coming so why are you afraid of being
primary the whole thing's going down
anyway the Republican Party does not
exist right now it does not coming up
former FBI former deputy FBI director
Andrew McCabe is set to retire with
pension on Sunday but will the president
fire him before them and deny him that
pension we'll explain that story ahead
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
