right when President Trump visited the
Pennsylvania 18 district on Saturday
night
he talked at length about the tariffs
that he had just imposed on steel but he
barely mentioned his signature tax cut
legislation Steve Ratner says that was
likely by design and Steve you have
charts to explain why so Heidi gave me a
great lead-in to this point of why the
tax cut hasn't resonated so first let's
start with the facts and take a look at
what actually has happened if you look
at the ads that were being run by
Ciccone and his various affiliated
groups through our SCC and so forth Wow
you can see that when you go when you go
into mid February early February really
about 67% of all the ads that run in
that district mention the tax cuts as a
reason to vote for the Republican and
then that went off a cliff and by the
time you got to last week there were
actually zero mentions of the tax i
believe that okay so again for people
that have never been into political
campaigns before you save your best for
last
it's like it's it's like a case in the
courtroom you save your best for your
closing argument and that last week is
your closing argument and Steve I mean
it's really it got to be demoralizing
for Paul Ryan and the rest of Congress
and Donald Trump and everybody who
thought that these tax cuts were going
to be there they're their salvation
political salvation that they didn't
even mention it and they didn't mention
it for good reason well it wasn't
working and part of what how you can see
that is in the public polling where the
tax cuts were hugely unpopular when they
were passed and then they got gradually
got more and more popular they never
achieved a plurality or majority
popularity but it got more and more
popular and then right about the time
these ads started to turn they went the
other way and and now the tax cuts by
about a there was a Quinnipiac poll I
think 50% unpopular 39% popular so if
you think the Republicans think that is
their best calling card that are
inferred awakening you know it's
interesting on that as we're looking at
these numbers it's interesting that
Democrats were concerned when Nancy
Pelosi talked about the tax cuts just
giving crumbs the
99% and then a poll came out from a pro
Trump group that actually showed that a
plurality of Americans agreed with Nancy
Pelosi that these tax cuts were yeah and
it certainly how much money did did
Warren Buffett say these tax cuts made
for him I mean Billy
I mean maybe billions of dollars done
low for his company was half of his
profit slash half of his profits last
year one of the richest men in the world
Donald Trump goes down to mortal hago
right after the tax cuts passed and he
Braxley all of his billionaire friends
he said I just made you guys a lot of
money and Americans obviously agree with
that well and and in fact data is
starting to come out that confirms that
point of view so for example the
Treasury claimed that 70 percent of the
benefits from the tax cuts were to go to
average Americans that they would filter
through the business tax cuts would
filter through to workers and in fact
you're now seeing data that shows that
that's not true so this is a Morgan
Stanley research study forty-three
percent of the business tax cuts are
going to share buybacks and dividends
yeah by the way workers everybody we all
said that around this table that most of
the money is gonna go to stock buybacks
19 percent to Ma 8 percent to pay down
debt and wage increases over here
thirteen point two percent compared to
the 70 percent that Treasury was
claiming and then to your point about
they're about Nancy Pelosi about their
crumbs being left over let's take a look
at what is in fact left over for the
average American out of the whole pie so
if you look business that those business
tax cuts I was just talking about 31
percent people making more than $75,000
a year 54 percent and so for the average
American 16 percent and so for someone
making a typical wage of about 58 or
$60,000 that's nine hundred and fifty
dollars a year that's what they're
getting out of this 1.2 trillion dollar
tax bill see if is it fair to say though
that it's too early to know what the
outcome of the tax cut will be in other
words they were just they were just
implemented recently could there be
benefits down the road that we haven't
seen yet and could those opinion polls
change again when people start to see
what they have coming in a couple I
think people are seeing their benefit
for the most part in their we
withholdings so they're starting to see
how much more they're getting and that
may account for the polls going the
other way I think the best hope for the
tax cuts is that they happen to get the
economy to continue to do well we had a
very good jobs number on Friday and
people stay optimistic about the
Republicans that's the best hope I think
for the Republicans out of these tax
cuts I don't think they're going to sell
them as a great middle-class tax cut the
way they claim they were during the
campaign you know Jonathan during during
the campaign they didn't talk about the
tax cuts but Donald Trump did talk about
tariffs and last night in Mullane the
audio tape from the fundraiser he had
last night where he's going full-on
protectionist he brags about making up
facts yes where the Prime Minister of
Canada and the facts that he made up
actually the way he told the story last
night was he said that he ended up being
correct now he did not he ended up it
means but this president again I can
maybe Paul Ryan and everybody else said
talking about Connor Lam maybe they're
talking about Donald Trump the
protectionist yep right I mean if the
tax cuts are gonna prove to be this
unpopular and this much of a losing
issue I mean think about the Capitol the
Republicans sold out on this at the end
of last year where there was so we heard
such talk about they just desperately
needed a win and then they get a win
here and now they're running away from
it if if this trend holds which gives
them very little to actually run on come
this November which is worrisome and yes
and protectionist in tariffs I mean
that's a harder sell I mean especially
because let's fight again let's go back
to that Pennsylvania district they
thought that the tariffs would be a very
popular issue there right those are the
kind of the the jobs the iron jobs of
steel jobs the coal jobs in that
district would be the ones those workers
will be like yes tariffs that's we want
and yet this Republicans still are
handed a loss in a district mica that
they usually win by 2021
I mean they lost this they lost this for
a lot of reasons still ahead on morning
joe as Joe mentioned will play more of
that audio from the president's
fundraiser where he tells the crowd that
he simply made up a claim about trade
and a meeting
with the Canada's Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau plus a new link between the
Trump Organization and efforts to keep
former adult film star stormy Daniels
silent now Daniels lawyer says more
women are coming forward as well
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
