under the Vienna Convention the United
Kingdom will now expel 23 Russian
diplomats who have been identified as
undeclared intelligence officers they
have just one week to leave no
explanation as to why Russia has an
undeclared chemical weapons program in
contravention of international law
instead they have treated the use of a
military-grade nerve agent in Europe
with sarcasm contempt and defiance the
British Prime Minister taking a
hard-line in front of the House of
Commons today as the u.s. closest ally
clashes with Russia the Prime Minister
moved to kick as you heard those 23
Russians who she labelled as spies out
of the country in retaliation for this
nerve gas poisoning of a former Russian
double agent and his daughter on British
soil the UK is confident Moscow is
behind the attack a sentiment US
ambassador to the UN nikki Haley echoed
strongly today let me make one thing
clear from the very beginning the United
States stands in absolute solidarity
with Great Britain the United States
believes that Russia is responsible for
the attack on two people in the United
Kingdom using a military-grade nerve
agent that right there today on New
York's East Side is notable because we
have not heard the president condemn
Russia
he's been reluctant in the past to
criticize the Kremlin New York Times
headline puts it this way tonight
Trump pressured to criticize Russia for
poisoning leaves comment to aides
they're correct in that the statement
tonight is from the White House press
office quote this latest action by
Russia fits into a pattern of behavior
in which Russia disregards the
international rules-based order
undermines the sovereignty and security
of countries worldwide and attempts to
subvert and discredit Western democratic
institutions and processes now for more
on this Malcolm dance is back with us
he's the man who wrote the book on this
before we knew what it was how to hack
the plot to hack America how Putin cyber
spies and WikiLeaks tried to steal the
2016 election Malcom's also a veteran of
Navy intelligence special ops homeland
security 35 years working in the
counterterrorism and intelligence
business
he is our analyst in this area Malcolm
let's do this as a lightening round any
doubt in your mind this is the Russians
know without any doubt the weapons
system that they deployed the Nova Chuck
nerve virus which is a
times more virulent than VX VX is the
nerve gas that Kim jong-un had his
half-brother assassinated with in Kuala
Lumpur this is a attack by Russia using
state weapon systems so the Russians who
don't seem to scare easily seem pretty
brazen about this stuff you can't blame
people for fearing that this material
could end up in the wrong hands on the
streets of Washington or New York how
easy or hard would it be to fly some
into JFK and get it through security and
deploy it use it on someone here well it
wouldn't fly through JFK it would fly
through an airport using diplomatic
couriers using diplomatic bags which
means they wouldn't be searched it would
could be kept in a container that you
wouldn't allow or you know our chemical
detectors wouldn't detect until it was
actually employed look Russia is clearly
on an assassination campaign of X PI's
who have worked for either the former
Soviet Union or in former FSB they seem
to understand that they can operate with
impunity in the West to deploy a weapon
of mass destruction in a state-sponsored
terrorist attack this is it's not it's
not only uncalled for okay this is an
emergency
that the president of the United States
himself should be addressing okay so how
would a President of the United States
in the face of this emergency and by the
way when the UK is attacked it's
supposed to mean we were all as NATO
nations attacked
what would a president in normal times
say or do right now well a normal
president one who understands the role
would have immediately made an address
to the nation let them understand that
for the first time a weapon of mass
destruction by a state sponsor of
terrorism has been employed against one
of our allies - he would have called and
would have directed the Department of
Defense and all other US government
agencies to assist England with whatever
they need whether that's technicians
from you Sam word the CDC the US Army
chemical warfare divisions to go and
assist our NATO ally
in this investigation not just to help
out with the victims but to do identify
how did they bring this weapon of mass
destruction into the United Kingdom
through another into a NATO ally and how
did they deploy it and how can we
prevent that from happening again
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
