I walked out because it is time for a
change
love your children more than your guns
that's why I walked out I walked out
today because I have a right to a safe
school and the only way that we can
guarantee that all children in the
United States have that right is to pass
common-sense gun legislation during the
discussion now Cameron Caskey a junior
at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
Cameron thanks for joining us tonight
how did it feel for you today watching
this walk out across the country from
students in schools across the country
exactly one month after you had to run
out of your school in fear of your life
it was inspiring the fact that students
all over the nation were taking
leadership positions that we were thrust
into and they were they hadn't been hit
the way we were and they still realize
the change is that they need to demand
it and they took those leadership
positions they stepped into them and
they led their communities in the right
direction and all over the country
people were coming together and saying
we're together on this this isn't red or
blue this is the American people and
this isn't just the kids we're getting
killed everywhere a Cameron we saw a
variety of reactions from schools
themselves I saw some schools where the
teachers were helping and supporting the
students in this choice and others were
they were doing it under the threat of
being suspended what do you say to the
kids around the country who took a
chance today took a chance with
suspension that was amazing to watch and
so these schools that are locking their
kids in the schools during the walkout
there's a First Amendment to the Second
Amendment isn't the only one that exists
and these children have a right my peers
have a right to come out and demand
change and I'm embarrassed to be in a
country where those schools were allowed
to do that and so the students who took
a risk I thank you for your courage and
you inspire me and we will give you the
justice that you deserve not only on
this level but overall we're defending
everybody here Cameron you've got the
big
coming up in Washington in a couple of
weeks is that the next point to look
forward to here well it's it's a big
week for everybody but Saturday March
24th is going to be amazing it's what
we've seen today that's just the
beginning and especially in Washington
DC we are going to be joined by so many
influential people I mean just to name a
few
we've heard from Jennifer Hudson Ariana
Grande Demi Lovato Miley Cyrus people
who have voices that are used for good
and are strong and everybody's coming
together and everybody is saying
politicians who are corrupt politicians
who are accepting money from these
organizations you can't run from us we
are the people we are the people who
voted you in and we are the people who
will vote you out and Cameron the when
you get to Washington is there a
strategy that will be different for that
event than your other public events so
far well the strategy here is to come
out and say here's our petition here's
what we want to see we need to see an
assault weapons ban we need to see the
age limit raised we need to see a lot of
things and the fact that they're passing
this stopped school violence Act which
is a strong ode to just how weak our
government is the fact that the only
bill that people can get behind is this
bill it doesn't say the word gun once we
are not having that that is a baby step
if anything that's just another excuse
for politicians who are accepting money
from the NRA to get out of this one free
we are not letting you get out of this
that bill that's weakened it doesn't say
the word background checks once it's not
gonna happen
we are coming out and saying this is
what we specifically want we are the
people we demand it you work for us you
need to do this now or you will feel it
in the polls
Cameron kaske gets tonight's last word
thanks Cameron thanks for joining us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of
other great videos
