thing one tonight in the first year the
Trump administration the president's
nominee if the Supreme Court has his
hearing before the Senate which produced
this semi hilarious Lindsey Graham
moment I think your men of the law and I
really want to congratulate the
president to pick you quite frankly I
was worried about who he'd pick maybe
somebody on TV but president Trump could
not have done better in choosing you
that is good comedy because filling the
most important positions in the US
government with people you saw on the
boob tube would be lol ridiculous right
that's thing too in 60 seconds today the
White House announced the president's
new top economic adviser will be
longtime CNBC television host Larry
Kudlow
announcement apparently came as a
surprise to Larry Kudlow I didn't know
that was watching TV this morning and
President called and he said it's out
because I don't think he was intending
to put it out till tomorrow Friday and I
said oh and he said you're on your
you're on you're on the air and you said
looking at a picture you said very
handsome
so trumpian now think of that for a
second Larry Kudlow who's on cable TV
wasn't watching TV but the president
states with the busiest job in the world
was now Kudlow is a fixture on cable TV
he also served in the Reagan
administration was chief economist at
Bear Sterns so there is more to his
resume than TV talking head but we know
the President does appreciate that
qualification in his recruits from
reality stars to relatively unknown
figures with questionable doctorates the
message I have it's a very simple one's
a bumper sticker Shawn the era of the
pajama boy is over January 20th and the
alpha males are back
apparently not back for long he of
course lost his job but Trump TV is a
pipeline for Trump hires he reportedly
considered replacing Sean Spicer with
Fox co-host kimberly guilfoyle Fox and
Friends co-anchor Heather nowart was
hired to be State Department
spokesperson last April and
she just got a promotion despite having
zero prior experience in diplomacy
Trump just installed now it as the
acting Undersecretary of State for
public diplomacy after firing the prior
one undersecretary along with Rex
Tillerson yesterday
Heather non-word is now the fourth
highest ranking official at the State
Department which means that in just 11
months less than a year has an hour has
gone from Fox & Friends to number four
at the State Department I really want to
congratulate the president to pick you
quite frankly I was worried about who
he'd pick maybe somebody on TV hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
