Democrat Adam Schiff was just telling me
House Republicans are wrong to end this
Russia Pro prematurely now we turn to
Republican Congressman Matt Gaetz who
argues that beyond the house all Russia
probes should effectively and including
the investigation by Bob Muller
Congressman Matt Gaetz
welcome thanks for having me I
appreciate you being here let's start
with this point is your view that
nothing else can be achieved by the
House by the Congress that you're in on
the Russia probe and that Muller should
also end now well I have concerns with
mr. Muller as it relates to bias him in
particular not necessarily the concept
of an investigation I think a point that
was missed in your discussion with mr.
Schiff is that this is an interim report
re no one's saying that if there's new
evidence that's discovered if there's a
basis to go and conduct more interviews
or request more documents that that
wouldn't be allowed under the current
structure of the Intelligence Committee
it's just that after 14 months of the
Trump presidency it was an important
time to update the American people that
as we stand today there is no evidence
the Trump or his team colluded with
Russia you're saying Republicans though
should be open to reopening this if need
be of course if there's new evidence
that arises you have to be able to
exercise your oversights function and I
believe that when the written report
comes out from mr. Conaway and his team
you'll see that it's designated as an
interim report letting the American
people know where we stand today you
said something about the Muller Pro when
you're a noted critic that really caught
my eye you said it seemed to be going
nowhere and this was a little bit
earlier and I just wanted to kind of go
over the record and look Paul Manafort
indicted in October George papadopolis
pleading guilty in October Michael Flynn
p-ting pleading guilty in December
Richard pinata pleading guilty in
February followed by the indictment of
13 Russians followed by the lawyer
Alexander vanderzwaan pleading guilty
followed by the deputy campaign manager
for Donald Trump in February pleading
guilty do you think it's still going
nowhere well the context for my
statement was it as it related to
collusion with Russia
none of the charges that you've
referenced have anything to do with
collusion with manna fort it was bad
business dealings prior to Trump's
campaign for the presidency with
Papadopoulos and Flynn it was lying
which they it should not have done and
when it comes to the Russian troll farms
and the 13 indictments that's no
surprise to anyone re all over the world
Russia does this it's an attack not only
on our democracy but on all democracies
no that's why we got to fight against it
no surprise but it's Bob Miller issuing
those indictments unto you do you think
those 13 Russians should be pursued and
tried to bring them to the US for child
well there is no mechanism by which
we're going to be able to do that I do
think it's important to highlight the
fact that Russia does extend its malign
influence not only in the United States
but around the world in elections from
Latin America I'll give you one
mechanism you're probably familiar with
you put out the Interpol warrant and you
try to get any of these folks when
they're in an international airport
would you support that do you want them
to come stand trial or or is it for some
reason you don't know I would have no
problem with those individuals if they
were to be foolish enough to be at an
International Airport and be brought to
the United States to face that scrutiny
I mean in a way this was really a shadow
indictment of Putin as much as anything
because it highlights the extent to
which the Russian government seeks to
undermine democracy as an institution
and is that a good thing that was a
shadow indictment of Moe absolutely I
look as a member of the Armed Services
Committee when I travel the world and
meet with our intelligence officials
they highlight for me the different
tools that Russia uses to undermine
elections whether that's bribing people
whether which may have happened in the
2016 campaign for all we know whether
that's holding things over people's head
or whether it's trying to use other
institutions within society to undermine
elections so I think one thing that's
interesting is anyone listening to you
right now hearing you say that it's good
to do the shadow indictment of Putin
it's good to get the progress in the
courts of law it would be good to pick
up these people if we could as Americans
pick them up from wherever and bring
them here for trial those are a lot of
things that Bob Muller did if that's all
he hasn't picked up anybody yet no I
mean but he's created the legal
architecture you can't pick them you
can't just grab them yeah at least
that's not the way America does it so if
those are all good things why then do
you want to take the source of those
things this Special Counsel probe and
remove Bob Muller and how would you do
that when courts have ruled against a
president firing a special prosecutor
for no for no valid reason I haven't
made the argument the president should
fire Bob Muller I believe that Jeff
Sessions should and I believe we should
use the apparatus well Jeff Sessions has
recused you notice yeah which is quite a
shame and that recusal is not required
under the law and I believe should be
rescinded but
if we were to utilize the apparatus of
the Justice Department to do just what
you've described if we were to use our
tools at the State Department to
highlight what Russia does and to try to
align our allies with our defense
mechanisms who we should be putting in
place I think that would all be positive
it's you know a special counsel and
particularly Bob where to get your way
and say they have an attorney general
Jeff Sessions or someone else who
removes Bob Muller how do you square
that with the Court's rulings on this
how do you square that with Nader V Bork
well I you know in what respect I guess
I don't understand the question well
that's a the ruling that came up against
Nixon basically the court overruled
Richard Nixon's firing of the special
counsel very similar situation I don't
think the president should fire the
Special Counsel
instead the prosecutor investigating him
doing that to try to remove him was
illegal and they don't serve at the
president's pleasure so how do you
square your desire to remove Muller with
that kind of Court precedent well that
court precedent dealt with the president
united states apparently personally
engaging in that personnel decision no
one is suggesting that here I'm
suggesting that the Attorney General
appropriately constrained the review to
collusion which if there's evidence of
we should all see well but we have not
really also lose respectfully all
suggest that there is a suggestion that
the president wants to remove Muller
because the New York Times reported and
Don McGann has not denied that there was
an effort to get done began to fire
Muller one and then to get Don began to
lie about it to the Muller probe to and
then we got the second New York Times
report you're aware of well I have no
personal knowledge of that it's my view
that the Attorney General should cease
leadership of the Department of Justice
and that the president should not
concern himself with such things okay
let me play for you as well rod Rosen
Stein who is the current boss of Bob
Miller as you and I know this was
basically well let me read for you what
he said the special counsel is not an
unguided missile I don't believe there's
any justification for terminating the
special counsel is he wrong I think so I
think that based on the team that Bob
Muller assembled it was like he was you
know fishing in the Hillary Clinton fan
club aquarium finding people who had
defended the Clinton Foundation against
FOIA requests who had attended Hillary
Clinton's election night party I think
we've got a lot of very talented people
throughout the Department of Justice and
unfortunately we chose people who seemed
not only to have a political bias
towards Hillary Clinton but manifested
you talked about that vice I've heard
about that let me read to you from the
administration this is White House aide
Hogan Gidley he says regarding McCabe
and some of these other issues top
officials at the FBI have engaged in
conduct that shows bias for Hillary
Clinton's similar what you just said
then you have the Trump DOJ letter for
firing Comey which says the FBI was
biased against Clinton and that Jim
Comey was unfair to Clinton I guess I
would ask you which is it my assessment
is that Hillary Clinton had people both
at the FBI and at the Department of
Justice that were paving the way to
ensure that she never faced any
consequences I hold that view as a
consequence of being a part of the
interview of Andrew McCabe and reviewing
the emails McCabe sent depriving the
Washington field office of jurisdiction
to review that matter and instead
bringing it up to the head shed where
then you had a variety of revisions to
the exoneration statement so that's my
factual basis for my view that there was
a pro Hilary bias but remember the FBI
in the in the Department of Justice
they're not monolithic entities they're
made up of individuals and probably re
there were people that rooted for
Hillary Clinton in both of those
agencies and people who root for Trump
and although in conclusion you're saying
we're all just people well I think that
there were some people who manifested
their bias improperly against the
President and for Hillary Clinton that's
why I'm pushing our own leadership
I advise our investigation I appreciate
you coming here and thank you taking the
questions I think you're on a little bit
of a legal island because you have Rosen
Stein disagreeing with you you have the
court precedents a NATO v Bork which are
binding here disagreeing with me with
those because I don't think the
president should fire Mahler but the
President does because he's been talking
about that but but congressman gates par
the reason I come to Washington is to be
face-to-face with people I appreciate
you doing this thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
