this week the Washington Post reporting
Stone did talk about trying to meet with
Juliana Sasha in the campaign and then
the filmmaker who embedded with stone at
the time broke even more news on the
beat last night saying on the record
stone repeatedly talked about trying to
meet with Assange in July and in June of
2016 we he told us that he was trying to
meet with Julian Assange we spoke with
him about the possibility of bringing
our crew to London to film them meeting
as far as we know hold on when you were
making this documentary he was telling
you as a documentary journalist that he
was trying to do contact with Asajj
absolutely I am telling you that he was
seeking to meet with Assad we discussed
it he told you absolutely stone is now
out defending himself he appeared on
Alex Jones Infowars channel to say this
was all a joke and he posted a rebuttal
to last night's segment on the beat on
his Facebook page I am now joined again
by filmmaker Morgan Peck man he spent
five years working on that documentary
get me Roger stone thanks for coming
back on the beat after the news you
broke last night which was written up
which was written up you know because
you you basically added to the public
record I will read to you Roger stones
rebuttal to what you said on our show
last night he says basically you offer
no proof other than your memory never
happened your response you know I was
surprised by Rogers Facebook post for a
couple reasons first of all even in that
Facebook post he said our film is great
he's never questioned the validity or
the accuracy of our filmmaking
or are reporting to date and the
interview that we do with him in our
film where we asked him about Assange
was filmed in August of 2016 and in June
of 2016 was when Julian Assange said
publicly that he had more Hillary
Clinton emails that he intended to
release and after that Roger took
obviously great interest in these emails
because Roger wanted to destroy Hillary
Clinton and so in early August late July
we were talking about the idea of going
to film Roger where he to meet with
Asajj in London and as far as we know
that never took place and so I didn't
even say anything that is contradicted
what Roger has said publicly
what do you mean London you were taking
preparations to potentially go to London
that's how real the plan was in 2016
it was something that we spoke about
from a logistical standpoint preparing
in case Roger did have this meeting
again as far as we know it did not pan
out and so you know Roger was talking a
great deal about WikiLeaks at that time
you can just go back and look at the
records it's completely consistent with
what roger has said and we were actually
surprised when he said that he had
communicated with Assange because we had
been following him on a regular basis
and we had seen no indication that that
had happened and also this idea that he
had a back-channel which ultimately has
turned out in in there too according to
Roger stone to be Randi credito who was
a person who he has inaccurately blamed
in the past for some of his shenanigans
so it seemed to not add up that he had
actually connected with Asajj but Roger
has an adversarial relationship with the
truth as we have shown in our film and
you know if he had misrepresented things
to us that's very possible
but you know it didn't have the ring of
truth to us at the time that he
connected with Asajj right and he has
said that when he did reference going to
talk to Asajj it was a joke that mr.
nunberg misunderstood that as a joke
you're telling me tonight and this is
knew that you were embedded with him he
talked repeatedly about trying to meet
with Assange to the degree that you made
real plans to potentially go to London
if it panned out so you didn't think it
was a joke I mean we were certainly
prepared the idea of Roger meeting with
Assange was not ludicrous but at the
same time we never saw that come to pass
and arias you said you know Roger has
been involved in some of the most
nefarious schemes that have had a really
negative impact upon our country over
the last 50 years but he has also
inserted himself by embellishment into
things that he did not
you whether that was the case in this
instance you know juice is possible I
want to play one more thing because
that's a point that we've discussed here
we care about what really happened in
the truth if he exaggerated falsely and
looked bad but it was exaggeration we
want to get to the bottom of that let me
play something that he said that was on
tape that is featured in your film which
continues to generate so much interest
this was during the campaign where he
did claim contact with Assange I
actually have communicated with Assange
I believe the next tranche of his
documents pertained to the Clinton
Foundation why did you put that in your
film and how does that square with mr.
stones statement on Facebook or aspire
to the beat last night that you have no
proof
we wanted to contextualize the fact that
Roger obviously was speaking a great
deal about Asajj at that time he had
many different explanations for the
degree to which he had communicated with
Asajj but that was a real focal point of
the the media coverage Roger got a great
deal of traction out of that out of
exposure that's part of Rogers whole
brand is to attract attention to himself
and so you know that was a very key part
of the campaign at that time and we put
that into reflects what was the
historical record well I appreciate you
coming on the show two nights in a row
with all the news that you've had and
broken and I know that you and I spoke
and I know that Roger has spoken out
I've interviewed him in the past he also
mentions me in that post refer to me as
a stone hater I wasn't as donator the
last time I had him on the show and I
will reiterate for my viewers knowledge
as well as his his invitation remains
open
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
