joining me now Kentucky Senator Rand
Paul who just announced his opposition
to the president's picks to run the
State Department and the CIA
Senator Paul I want to get to that in
just a moment but all morning we are
looking at thousands of kids 3100
schools in total standing up and
speaking out asking for lawmakers to do
something on gun control do you have any
response this morning to these kids you
know I have three children and I'm
horrified by what happened down there
and can't imagine sending my kids to
school and worrying about their safety
so yes I'm horrified by and we should do
something I'm a physician so I like to
look at things very systematically and
as we look at the situation in Florida
we need to look at what happened why
wasn't he on a no-buy list why wasn't he
a felon and I think there are probably
maybe a half dozen two dozen times when
he could have been arrested or convicted
of a felony and his gun rights stripped
had I been on a jury
a local adjudication I would have voted
to have his not only to have him on a on
a background list where he couldn't buy
a gun but really he should have actually
become a convicted felon for threatening
teachers and threatening violence and
then you actually can go into the home
with a court order and take the guns I'd
go one step further he pushed shouldn't
have been allowed to live in a home with
guns being a convicted felon and that's
typically what happens is the real
breakdown here was nobody bothered to do
their job local law enforcement sat on
their hands and did nothing and as a
consequences terrible tragedy happened
then are you saying the gun laws that
are currently in place are enough do you
think that the laws that we currently
have if enacted are all we need or do
you believe there needs to be more I
think if you look at this particular
situation in any of the different
violent situations we need to look at
what happened and we need to fix what
you know what went wrong with the system
in this case local law enforcement the
FBI was tipped off to a felony
terroristic threatening if you say on
your YouTube feed if you simply say that
I think I'm going to become a
professional school shooter that is a
felony it's a terroristic threatening
and it is a felony he should have been
convicted for the FDF be I didn't do
their job the local sheriff he was
called like 40 times if a guy's in a
neighbor's yard
adding a weapon either threatening to
shoot chickens or shooting at things in
someone's yard that is a felony and he
should have been convicted for that the
teachers at school said he was
threatening them the teachers didn't
call the police nobody did their job
it's so sad because I really think those
17 lives could have been saved if people
would have done their job okay well
let's turn to the presser that you just
had because it's an important one you
are opposing Mike Pompeo and Gina HAP's
those nominations why are you worried
that this could hold up the plan North
Korea negotiations one of the things
that I liked about President Trump was
that he consistently and loudly as
opposed to regime change in Iraq the
Iraq war but he's appointing people
around him who not only still support
the Iraq war never learned a lesson that
regime change led to instability and
chaos in the Middle East these are
people that he's appointing Pompeo who
have advocated for regime change in Iran
next door so they love the Iraq war so
much they now are for a war on Iran
these aren't the kind of people who
actually support the notion that the
Iraq war was misguided on miss Haspel I
mean if you read her quotes when she was
present during waterboarding she was
gleeful at the waterboarding and was
sort of you know gloating at the fact
that the guys acting as he's struggling
to breathe and drowning and fluid and so
this is not what America stands for
tortures not what America is about
I have family members in the Armed
Service I don't want to send a message
to the world that torture is fine
because our young men and women can be
captured at some point in time too and
if the whole world thinks that America
tortures prisoners they'll do exactly
the same to ours and so this is a woman
who's the poster child for what went
wrong with waterboarding after 9/11 and
she should never ever be at the head of
the CIA she should never ever be
advanced to any kind of position in the
CIA then do you have any other names in
mind if not Pompeo and Haspel well I
think there are many people if you want
a career person someone who served in
the CIA I think there are probably
dozens and dozens of people who weren't
involved with waterboarding there
weren't directly
involved with torture that weren't
gleefully showing how much they loved
the idea of someone being tortured so no
I think she's absolutely disqualified
and they're probably dozens of other
people I wouldn't presume to know the
individual names at the CIA but I'm sure
we can find a career person over there
that hasn't tortured anybody all right
you're the first we've heard to openly
protest or block these nominations do
you believe there's other Republicans
who are with you here I don't think
they'll be very many Republicans of any
Republicans this is really up to the
Democrats you know who have said they
are opposed to torture are they going to
allow someone to be at the head of the
CIA who ran a torture camp in a foreign
country why were they in Thailand
because it's against the law to torture
people in America so Democrats need to
step up and oppose Miss Haspel but they
also if they were truly opposed to the
Iraq war they ought to step up and say
do we really want a proponent of the
Iraq war and a proponent of a new war
with Iran do we want that person running
the Secretary of State I have eaten the
Secretary of State I think that the
State Department should be about
diplomacy you're the chief diplomat if
you're the cheap one advocating for
regime change in Iran that's not
diplomacy that's the opposite of what
you want at the State Department all
right senator Paul thank you so much I
really appreciate you joining me today
thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
