last night reporters David corn and
Michael Isikoff we're here on the show
to talk about their new book Russian
Roulettes which just dropped today if
you've gotten yourself a copy of that
book already today
please turn to page 281 because in their
new book on page 281 mic is off and
david korn published the text of a memo
that was written by the author of the
steel dossier Christopher Steele it was
a memo that was not part of what
BuzzFeed published last year it's not
part of the famous dossier this is
something that was written by Steele
after the election after he was done
working for fusion GPS he wrote it in
December 2016 now we first learned that
this memo existed last week in a great
piece written in The New Yorker by Jane
Mayer but David corn and Michael Isikoff
actually got the text of this memo that
was written by Christopher Steele so
these are Christopher Steele's own words
as reported in the new book Russian
roulette quote speaking on November 29th
2016 a senior official working at the
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs
reported that a rumor is currently
circulating there that US
president-elect Trump's delay in
appointing a new Secretary of State is
the result of an intervention by
President Putin / the Kremlin quote the
latter meaning Putin the Kremlin
reportedly have asked that Trump appoint
a Russia friendly figure to this
position to the Secretary of State
position Russia friendly figure who's
prepared to move quickly on lifting
Ukraine related sanctions and on
cooperation in Syria quote the source
assumes the Kremlin's reported
intervention was in response to the
possibility that Mitt Romney viewed as
hostile to Russia might be appointed
Secretary of State so this memo from
Christopher Steele which is now made
public in this new book by Cornyn
Isikoff it makes this somewhat
mind-blowing allegation that Russia
believed it for some reason deserve to
have veto power over who is Secretary of
State as long as Donald Trump is
president not only do they believe they
should they felt it was their right to
ask but they blocked Romney now that
source cited by Christopher steel and
that memo said to be speaking on
November 29th well then two weeks after
that
December 12th Donald Trump announced to
his pick would be for Secretary of State
he's been saying for weeks he was gonna
choose between Rudy Giuliani and Mitt
Romney but somewhat randomly on December
12th he unveiled his choice and it was
somebody with whom he had no known
personal connection somebody he'd never
met before the election he said his new
Secretary of State would be the CEO of
ExxonMobil Rex Tillerson corn and
Isikoff right quote it was an unusual
pick Tillerson had no diplomatic or even
government experience but he did have
very close relations with senior leaders
in Moscow so that's the unusual set of
facts and allegations surrounding how
Rex Tillerson got the Secretary of State
job in the first place but now today Rex
Tillerson is suddenly out and there's
been a lot of willingness today around
the timing of when Tillerson was
actually notified he was going to be
fired that timing may end up being
really important I mean one thing we do
know is that the last thing secretary
Tillerson did before we all found out he
was going to be fired was that he gave
very strong very direct remarks
criticizing Russia he was asked about
the ex Russian spy who's still
critically ill and fighting for his life
in the UK right now after being poisoned
by what the UK government says was a
russian-made nerve agent the White House
has been reluctant to cast any
aspersions on Russia for this crime even
after British prime minister Theresa May
did so herself and point in terms
yesterday but even though the White
House was hedging last night Rex
Tillerson was unequivocal reporter asked
him quote have you been tracking the ex
spies poisoning in the UK Tillerson
responds I just got off a phone call
with British Foreign Secretary Boris
Johnson we're gonna be putting on a
statement to support what their findings
have been this is a really egregious act
it appears that it clearly came from
Russia Tillerson saying last night it
clearly appears that Russia has done
this but then he goes even further in
condemning Russia's actions Tillerson
says quote I've become extremely
concerned about Russia we spent most of
the last year investing a lot into
attempts to work together to solve
problems to address differences quite
frankly after a year we didn't get very
far instead what we've seen is a pivot
on their part to be more aggressive this
is very very
concerning to me and others that there
seems to be a certain unleashing of
activity that we don't fully understand
what the objective behind that is and if
in fact this attack in the UK is the
work of the Russian government this is a
pretty serious action Rex Tillerson made
those remarks last night on his way home
to the US after cutting short his trip
in Africa made those remarks last night
then this morning we all learned that he
was fired and we still don't know why
that has led to questions today about
the exact timing about whether Tillerson
knew he was already fired when he made
those remarks or if he didn't might
those remarks have been a precipitating
event for his firing those questions
particularly pointed now in light of
this newly reported allegation that
Russia allegedly believed they had veto
power over who would be allowed to be
Secretary of State while Donald Trump is
president now in terms of the man
replacing Tillerson as Secretary of
State if he is confirmed the president
says it'll be CIA director Mike Pompeo
we don't know much about Pompey owes
time at the CIA CIA tends to be an
opaque place in terms of day to day news
coverage but we do know a little bit
about Mike Pompeo as a public figure
during the presidential campaign Mike
Pompeo supported Trump he proclaimed as
he did in this tweet that stolen DNC
emails published by WikiLeaks were a
proof that the fix was in need further
proof that the fix was in from President
Obama on down busted 19,000 emails from
DNC leaked by WikiLeaks Mike Pompeo is
remember the House Intelligence
Committee when he wrote this we now know
that WikiLeaks was leaking those emails
having obtained them from the Russian
government once Trump took office as CIA
director Mike Pompeo reportedly has
often taken it upon himself to
personally deliver the president his
daily intelligence briefing to the new
administration the White House was
warned about serious concerns at the FBI
and in the intelligence community more
broadly that the Trump National Security
Advisor Mike Flynn was a serious
national security risk he could be
vulnerable to blackmail or coercion
because he had been having contacts with
the Russian government that he was lying
about
senior officials at the FBI and the
Justice Department and at CIA were
raising concerns about this
despite that though for the 18 days that
the White House kept Mike Flynn on after
receiving those warnings CIA director
Mike Pompeo kept on delivering the
president his daily intelligence
briefing with Michael Flynn's sitting in
the room there with him with Pompeo
presumably in on the reasons the CIA was
so concerned about Flynn as a national
security risk the Washington Post
later reported that in March of last
year while FBI director James Comey
investigation of Mike Flint was underway
President Trump
pulled the Director of National
Intelligence Dan Coates aside along with
Mike Pompeo president Trump asked Dan
Coates to try to get the FBI director to
back off it's Russia investigation to
back off Mike Flynn Mike Pompeo was
reportedly in the room for that dan
coates reportedly discussed this
conversation with other officials
afterwards and decided he wouldn't do
what Trump asked him to do what did Mike
Pompeo do after he witnessed this
apparent pressure by the President on
the Russian investigation we have no
idea but we do know that he was in the
room and saw it
so Mike Pompeo stroll in the Trump
Russia investigation is a black box but
we know he's been in the middle of some
of it we know that while he was at CIA
he made a critical change to the
structure of that agency as well within
the CIA there's a counterintelligence
mission center according to the
Washington Post this is the unit that
helped trigger the investigation into
possible collusion between the Trump
campaign and Russia it was that part of
a CIA that served as a conduit to the
FBI last year for information that the
CIA had developed on contacts between
Russian individuals and associates of
the Trump campaign so this is a
sensitive center within the CIA this is
the part of the CIA specifically that
turned up Intel that helped start the
investigation into possible collusion
between the Trump campaign and Russia
while he was at CIA Mike Pompeo did a
little reorganizing and he made it so
that that unit is the one unit at the
CIA that now reports directly to him he
reorganized the CIA so that that unit is
the only part of the CIA
reports to him and not to the deputy
director or some other official and
there's not much else that we know in
terms of behind closed doors stuff from
Mike Pompeo as time at CIA when he has
had to speak publicly sometimes he's
said things about Russia that are
completely untrue when the US
intelligence community released its
report on Russian efforts to influence
the 2016 presidential election that
report was was quite clear that the
intelligence community wasn't making any
assessment whatsoever as to whether
these Russian activities the Russian
attack affected the outcome of the 2016
election they did not look we did not
make an assessment of the impact that
Russian activities had in the outcome of
the election that was the intelligence
community's report January of last year
ten months later in October Mike Pompeo
just casually threw out there and public
remarks the intelligence community's
assessment is that the Russian meddling
that took place did not affect the
outcome of the election that was not
true even if it does match what the
president says all the time the CIA had
to issue a correction had to walk back
with the CIA director had just announced
no there hadn't been another report that
we all missed in which the intelligence
community had come to that conclusion so
we do have some real loose ends and some
questions about Mike Pompeo who is now
going to be the new nominee to replace
Rex Tillerson at Secretary of State and
we still really don't know why Rex
Tillerson got fired from that job or
even when he learned for sure that he
was getting canned but the best reporter
in the country on the State Department
and the top diplomats in this country is
going to join us here tonight and if
anybody can sort it out she can stay
with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
