a day full of very shocking White House
news one of the most unexpected was the
abrupt firing of John McEntee that would
be the president's personal assistant
Coakley called the body man on Monday
The Wall Street Journal reporting that
he was escorted off the White House
grounds quote without being allowed to
collect his belongings he left without
his jacket according to NBC News McEntee
is under investigation by the Secret
Service for serious financial crimes and
despite all that he's already got a
brand new job
senior adviser for Trump's 20/20
campaign I want to bring in one of
President Obama's former assistants
White House cabinet secretary Chris Lu
let's start with this can you imagine
you spent did you spend eight years in
that White House didn't you you were
there through the years in the
administration yeah hold on the
administration can you imagine the
circumstances under which someone is as
squirted off White House property
without being allowed to go back and get
their jacket Chris I know of no instance
where anyone who had that level of
exposure to the president was escorted
out of the complex without even having a
chance to get his personal effects
that's astonishing I mean this is an
incredible story and the fact that this
isn't even the second or third biggest
story today just shows you how much
turmoil there is in this administration
right now
he was the body man and I want you to
explain what role that is and how close
that person is to the President of the
United States right this is a very
troubling story so the body man
accompanies the president at all times
on weekends on domestic trips on foreign
trips it's the person who not only just
has the sharpies for photos and has the
hand sanitizer that's the person who
carries the president's briefing book
that includes the classified materials
in which we talked about so much with
Rob Porter and his security clearance
it's this is a person who knows the
president's secure a schedule not only
the public schedule but the private
schedule as well this is the person
who's in the limousine with the
president who overhears all of his phone
conversations this of all people this is
a person you want to make sure is a
person of high integrity of good
judgment and the fact that this person's
being investigated for a serious
financial crime is
probably this is also someone who
presumably and we don't know there's
there's sort of conflicting reporting
would need a permanent security
clearance right I mean if you're gonna
be that close proximity the president
you would need that right that would be
standard operating procedure oh
absolutely I mean look this is not a
policymaking position but the mere fact
that you are holding the briefing book
that has the most sensitive information
you're literally standing next to the
guy who has the nuclear football you
need to have that security clearance
you're in the limo when the president is
having conversations with foreign
leaders when they are discussing
sensitive operations and yeah you're not
deciding what happens but you're
overhearing all of that so this person
absolutely needs to have a permanent
security clearance and we don't know if
if he had one whether he was in the sort
of interim kind of a loophole that Rob
were used where we actually been granted
one both of which are troubling but
here's the Wall Street Journal with a
little more reporting on the source of
the problems here people calls him back
and he said problems related to online
gambling and mishandling of his taxes
prevented him from gaining clearance
necessary for the role so the idea that
they didn't have the clearance
but but what thought the thought to me
is this is precisely particularly a
gambling issue is precisely the kind of
weakness blackmail Abul weakness that
the entire security clearance system is
meant to flag well exactly and we've had
this conversation as it related to Rob
Porter you want to make sure this is a
person of high integrity that they can
be trusted with the secrets and that
they can't be compromised by anything in
their past and what I find especially
troubling Chris is not only the gambling
allegations but there's also reporting
indicating that the Secret Service is
investigating him and if you look at the
Secret Service
they investigate things like
counterfeiting bank fraud credit card
fraud a cyber crime so we don't really
know the extent of this but this isn't
somebody who simply has some online
sports betting account yeah serious
financial crimes was the the the the
terminology of the reporting that we
were given which is serious and then
finally this he is deemed unfit and a
danger to occupy White House grounds he
is thrown out on ceremoniously without
his jacket he is immediately given a
role and job on the 2020 Trump campaign
with the title of senior advisor for
campaign operations and you're being
investigated for serious financial
crimes that gives you a sense of what
type of operation they're running over
at the Trump campaign or it possibly
suggests that they are you know I don't
want to be a conspiracy theorist on this
but there might be some reason why they
want to keep him close to the operation
that's a perfectly legitimate point to
raise it also makes you wonder were the
Secret Service not there were there no
background check who exactly would be
occupying the White House at this hour
Chris Lu thanks for joining me always
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
