I know Mike I like him but he was not
known here on Capitol Hill as someone
who was willing to champion American
diplomacy over American military power
I'll you know keep my mind open but I'm
worried about this choice welcome back
joining me now is Republican congressman
Chris Stewart of Utah he's a member of
the House Intelligence Committee and he
served in Congress with the current CIA
director Mike Pompeo and the Secretary
of State designate congressman Stuart
welcome to the show sir
be with you so I know you know
congressman pop sec director Pompeo i
got to get all of his titles right the
current title is director Pompeii oh
yeah he's clearly closer in line of
foreign policy views with the president
than secretary Tillerson how important
do you think that is for Mike Pompeo to
succeed with the president I think it's
actually quite important my only
criticism of Mike Hoosick who's a close
friend we said on who tell together you
know he was an Army officer I was Air
Force so other than that he's a terrific
he's a terrific choice look he has
something that I think is very important
and that is kind of a personal dynamic
with the president and for whatever
reason it seems like secretary Tillerson
didn't quite have that and look I said
with secretary Tillerson I think he's
one of the smartest man that I've ever
met I think he's one of the strongest
leaders I had breakfast with him not
long ago and I said I hope you'll stay
but the president had another idea but I
think Mike is an excellent choice to
replace him I'm curious you heard I
don't know if you heard it was a it was
Senator Chris Murphy who was speaking
there before before you came on that is
a perception among some on the left that
Mike Pompeo is a hardliner on diplomacy
what would you say to that in response
well I don't think that there that's a
very fair characterization and I don't
think there's much to base that on in
the positions that he's been in he
advocated for those positions that he
had responsibility for I think he'll do
exactly the same thing once he's
Secretary of State he will then advocate
for those positions that are important
as a secretary of state
and I again I think that that's that's
he's able to do that I don't think he's
one-dimensional in the way he views
American foreign policy I'm gonna get
you to react to something that another
colleague of yours on the house Intel
committee on the Republican side of the
aisle when he said in reaction to the
House Republican Intel findings here it
is it's Congressman Tom Rooney
we've gone completely off the rails and
now we're just basically a political
forum for people to leak information to
drive the day's news so we've as use as
you alluded to we've lost all
credibility and we're going to issue
probably two different reports
unfortunately and the public take either
finding seriously well I hope they can
excuse me and they should and by the way
in our report we've tried very very hard
to be not political not to be accusatory
these are basically laying out the facts
and then more importantly the
recommendations to the American people
as we go into another election I think I
know what tom was saying I think he was
frustrated that there has been too much
partisanship on this committee many of
us the thing we loved about the Intel
committee was we didn't used to be
partisan there's no question there's
been a history of leaking here that tom
was frustrated with I understand that
but I don't think because of those
criticism do you therefore say that
everything that we do is irrelevant or
not important in this case this report
really is and as I said we've really
tried not to be partisan in this and we
hope to work with the Democrats over the
next two weeks to finish the report it
seems as if I'm on are you really coming
to the conclusion that you know there's
no collusion and I ask that because how
can you come to that kind of you if you
said we didn't find it among the people
we've interviewed but how do you make it
a hard conclusion when you didn't
interview Julian Assange Paul manna for
rick gates michael Flynn
Christopher Steele George papadopolis
okay how do you how can you confidently
make that conclusion without those
conversations yeah so a couple comments
on that a number of the individuals in
fact most of the individuals you just
mentioned are under indictment therefore
we can't interview them they're now
under the purview of the special counsel
and we no longer have access to them
another thing is we call this an Anu
report and that's an important
distinction and it's one that I fought
for if there's other information that
comes forward we will pursue that and
and we're committed to doing that but at
some point and after what 15 months and
more than 300 thousand documents and etc
etc at some point you reach where you
get to say we're not learning anything
new it's been months since we learned
something new let's tell the American
people what we now know let's make those
recommendations especially in light that
we've got an election that's just around
the corner now it seems to me that
there's not a lock actually that there
wasn't as much unity among House
Republicans on this side of the Intel
committee as as perhaps others led to
believe Congress and Conaway implied
that all of the evidence that you guys
have seen said the Russians favored
Clinton over Trump here's what trey
gowdy put out today he said it is also
clear based on the evidence Russia had
disdain for Secretary Clinton and was
motivated in whole or in part by a
desire to harm her candidacy or
undermine her presidency had she
prevailed period
he didn't caveat that at all it seems
that there's not is it that not is there
that much contention in your side of the
aisle on this conclusion you know I
think our report which says that we
agree with the vast majority of the CIA
analysis on this I mean 98% of it but on
one caveat and it's important when I rec
I realize that but I want this one thing
we don't agree with the CIA in their
final analysis I don't know any member
of the committee who doesn't at the end
of the day support that now this is
again there's ambiguity in this
conversation if you're trying to harm
Secretary Clinton can that be viewed as
promoting Donald trum I mean again it's
it's difficult to determine what motives
they had whether it was one or the other
but I would argue frankly it was both
they wanted to break down trust in the
institution they wanted us to not trust
one another and I think there's clear
that that's their primary motive here
when it does seem as if though that that
at some parts of this report are being
overhyped you think it's a mistake then
for people to focus on the idea that
you guys have come to a firm conclusion
that there's no collusion so what you're
saying is that is not the case well I'm
saying that up to this point we haven't
found any evidence inclusion by the way
that's just not the Republicans
secretary or senator Burr said that
Dianne Feinstein said that general
clapper said that you acknowledge you
haven't done a thorough investigation
you haven't not interviewed everybody
involved yet why I don't acknowledge at
all that we haven't done a thorough
investigation I think we've done a very
thorough investigation I acknowledge
that perhaps I think it's
extraordinarily unlikely but perhaps
there'll be some more information that
comes forward if that's true then we'll
pursue that all we're saying is this is
what we know at this point and you
believe the CIA got this wrong
completely a la how they how they got
Iraq WMD wrong yeah I think on this one
thing they did I just think they there
was a misinterpretation of some of the
raw intelligence and I've had a chance
to review that intelligence and once
again there's a little ambiguity here I
recognize that but we really believe
that they just missed this one thing but
it's an important distinction if if it's
not true we shouldn't have the American
people thinking that Vladimir Putin was
determined to elect one candidate over
the other do you think though that is
false yet you get my drift like okay we
can you can't conclude for a fact but do
you concede that you there's there's
still more information to be called
through well on this one thing I don't
know that there really is I think the
intelligence has been collected and
analyzed but look I will concede this
will d be debating this into the future
I'm sure I decided tomorrow and we can
talk about it I'm sure for sure months
ahead
hey congressman Chris Stewart I
appreciate you coming on and sharing
your views sir thank you sir this
afternoon thank you very much you bet
thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
