our next guest is Jenny Willoughby she
published an op-ed piece in The
Washington Post entitled I was married
to Rob Porter here's where John Kelly
doesn't get about abuse she wrote it has
been one month since the story became
public of the abuse I suffered at the
hands of my ex-husband Rob Porter along
with accusations from his first wife
Colby Holderness yet the White House has
still not acknowledged our names or
apologized to us for miss handling the
situation in fact just this month White
House chief of staff John if Kelly added
insult to injury when he explained that
he had discounted the allegations
against Rob as quote just the accusation
of a messy divorce
including quote some level of emotional
abuse Kelly said he came out with a
strong statement defending Rob because I
quote made no mention of any type of
physical abuse I can barely contain my
indignation in fact Jenny Willoughby
described a violent encounter that
occurred when after an argument she
decided to take a shower and Rob Porter
followed her into the bathroom and
dragged her out of that shower by her
shoulders John Kelly didn't think that
was serious abuse John Kelly didn't
think it was serious when Jenny
Willoughby obtained a protective order
after Rob Porter punched through the
glass on their front door after those
facts and other details of verbal and
emotional abuse became public John Kelly
actually said this about Rob Porter Rob
Porter is a man of true integrity and
honor and I can't say enough good things
about him he is a friend a confidante
and a trusted professional I am proud to
serve alongside him John Kelly said all
of that after Jenny Willoughby had told
the story of her marriage to Rob Porter
and now a month later John Kelly is
insisting that Jenny Willoughby's story
amounts to nothing more than quote just
the accusations of a messy divorce if it
were up to John Kelly Rob Porter would
still be working in the White House
after everything Jenny Willoughby had to
say about him but the black eye
photograph of Rob Porter's first wife
was something that John Kelly couldn't
dismiss has just quote some level of
emotional abuse as if emotional abuse is
an abuse as if a wife living in constant
fear is just one of the possible
conditions of marriage it seems John
Kelly is living in constant fear now of
being asked what did he know about Rob
Porter and exactly when did he know it
that is what congressman trey Gowdy
asked John Kelly in a letter last month
writing in his capacity as chairman of
the House Committee on Oversight and
Government Reform trey Gowdy asked Kelly
quote what derogatory information was
subsequently made available to the White
House on Porter when and to home when we
reported on that letter in that question
last month it seemed we were finally
going to get an answer to what John
Kelly and everyone else in the White
House knew and when they knew it but
this is the Trump White House after all
and so John Kelly has simply ignored
Trey Gowdy's letter and had an assistant
to the president named Mark short write
a reply letter to trey Gowdy last week
that completely ignores the questions
about Ron Porter and so we still don't
know what John Kelly knew and when he
knew it the top Democrat on the
committee Elijah Cummings has asked
chairman Gowdy to subpoena the White
House for the answers John Kelly is
refusing to give about Rob Porter the
Rob Porter scandal in the Trump White
House has once again exposed John Kelly
to what has become his greatest
challenge as White House chief of staff
telling the truth when John Kelly was
caught telling a completely false story
about congresswoman Frederica Wilson and
President Obama he did not apologize to
either one of them and he didn't
apologize to the country for lying about
them and so it is sadly consistent but
he has not apologized to Jenny
Willoughby for not taking her story
seriously John Kelly has not apologized
to Jenny Willoughby for actually and for
actually fighting back is what he did he
actually fought back against what she
had to say by defiantly saying Rob
Porter
man of true integrity and honor and I
can't say enough good things about him
joining us now Jenny will it be the
second ex-wife of former White House
staff secretary Rob Porter she's also a
writer and speaker Jenny will be thank
you very much for joining us tonight I'm
very sorry that the discussion we're
going to have and the reason you're here
is because of the difficulties you
experienced in your marriage but I think
we're all learning a lot from it so
thank you very much for joining us and
sharing your feelings about this Thank
You Lawrence thank you for the
opportunity to continue to hopefully
educate and shed light on the
conversation of domestic violence so
you're a month into this experience of
it being public and you and I and I want
to just give you a forum here to expand
on your op-ed piece that you really
directed to John Kelly because of the
way John Kelly dismissed the the your
revelations when they became public and
then continues to now say that all he's
seen all he got from what you said was
what he called the stuff that happens in
a messy divorce yeah so I wrote the
op-ed because I I did have righteous
indignation after he held the press
conference again saying it was just a
messy divorce it was it was only
emotional abuse and my reaction was how
people can still live in in 2018 live in
denial of the severity of domestic
violence and so while I addressed the
op-ed
general Kelly himself personally it's
really I think to to the nation as a
whole that we live in a place that we
live in a moment where even after you
know the the me2 movement even after all
this exposure of women's issues and
empowerment of women we still have
people in power who tend to side with
their colleagues who tend to side with
the professional image that they're
given and this is the reason why victims
male or female are reluctant to speak
out because this is how society accepts
our accounts when we do find the bravery
to say the truth what
what was your reaction to the White
House's reaction to your revelations and
there was a period there before the
second set of revelations came out from
Rupp or his first wife were were you
were alone in this and apparently being
dismissed so I wish that my account
would have been enough I wish that the
FBI delaying the security clearance
would have been enough in those first
days as the story was breaking it was
just so overwhelming I I didn't really
have the time to stop and and
contemplate the import of what that
means that they that they weren't
believing my story but now that I'm a
couple of weeks removed from it it again
it speaks to this greater problem that
we have of denial plausible deniability
right well if we can't see it then we
can act like it's not happening and
that's so damaging to anyone who's in a
situation of domestic violence that the
White House would portray things that
way because that's exactly why people
are afraid to speak out it seems that
when I look at John Kelly's comments
about this if I'm to believe them or
give them credibility to actually be
revealing of what's going through his
mind it seems that he has some kind of
standard and by the way we're using John
Kelly I think here in this discussion to
represent literally millions of people
in America serving millions and millions
of men and possibly some women whose
experience of this leaves them thinking
that the proof is in the choices that
the wife makes the the proof is in the
choices that you make and what they see
is the choice that you were making
continuously to stay in this
relationship and stay in it even after
some of the troubles occurred right and
the more that I understand about
domestic violence and certainly from my
own experience that is not uncommon
because you are with someone who you
love or loved at one point you chose to
enter a relationship with this person
and the contrition after the violent
episodes is it's very sincere and very
believable and because it's a cyclical
pattern it's not as though you are
living with someone who is constantly
the abusive what you're living in is
this state of not-knowing walking on
eggshells am I going to get the loving
caring public persona or am I going to
get the person that I need to be afraid
of and you wrote something as this was
coming out about why you stayed and it
actually created this hashtag and this
chorus of quoting you and so I stayed I
I read it on this program in our first
coverage of this and I have to say it's
it's the most eloquent and illuminating
set of explanations and reasons about
why someone stays and I think it in the
broader subject it might be possibly
your most important contribution is
putting us in in that position of the of
the person who's choosing to stay in in
these situations and this is normally as
the host or I have this kind of material
I read it but I would I would love the
audience to be to hear this again or
hear it from if could you read this for
us or would you prefer me to read it
because I rather know I
I would I would love to read it I
haven't read it out loud
ever and it is certainly something
that's very emotional impactful and does
summarize all of the emotional up and
downs that I was going through over the
course of those four years well please
please read it because I think this is
where the lesson really needs to be
taught thank you
I kept my mouth shut and stayed I was
told yes he was deeply flawed but then
again so was I and so I worked on myself
and stayed if he was a monster all the
time perhaps it would have been easier
to leave but he could be kind and
sensitive and so I stayed he cried and
apologized and so I stayed he offered to
get help and even went to a few
counseling sessions and therapy groups
and so I stayed he belittled my
intelligence
it's destroyed my confidence and so I
stayed I felt ashamed and trapped and so
I stayed friends encouraged clergy
didn't believe me and so I stayed I was
pregnant and so I stayed
I lost the pregnancy and became
depressed and so I stayed and Jenny I
think when we all read that we could
feel the loneliness in the corner that
you were in and when I think back to the
neighborhood that I grew up in and women
and similar predicaments it was a
different set of reasons of why they
stayed including in our case in my
community that they would be
excommunicated from the Catholic Church
if they left their marriage the enormity
of these kinds of pressures but this is
this is everything that you identify in
there I think is something that that
puts us in your position and in the
position of these victims and I think
you've uniquely conveyed that forest I
think that's an invaluable lesson thank
you I hope as you said that it that it
sheds light on the fact that it's not
just a weak woman or a woman who doesn't
have financial security or a woman who
feels compelled to stay there for other
religious or personal reasons
there are numerous factors that go into
it and perhaps the biggest one for me
personally and from many other people
who have shared their stories is shame
because you have stayed after the first
incident for whatever reason you chose
to stay and the shame builds and then to
tell someone that you're in this
situation when it's not something that's
talked about openly when there are a lot
of myths and misconceptions about what
de Muse what abusive relationships look
like it's shameful to have to say wait
that's me I'm I'm in one when you're
when you're educated when you come from
a family of you know upstanding Harvard
graduates when you're in a church
community where people don't don't get
divorced they work on their marriage it
is shameful to have to admit that you
find yourself in this situation and that
keeps so many people
to continue to be victims afraid that
they won't be a believe believed and
afraid that people will think less of
them for having been in that situation
Jenny I want to go back to just one word
you just used there which is the word
weak which i think is an image that
people might have of people who stay and
that's why I find your explanation for
staying as long as you did so powerful
but there's also in that decision to
stay there is it seems to me in the way
you describe but this incredible
struggle with the definition of strength
is strength staying and fighting for
this marriage is that how to express
strength or is it strength is is
strength best expressed in leaving it
seems that this that people who think
that this is some clear picture of
weakness versus strength don't get it
I've had a lot of people write to me in
comments and in personal emails telling
me well I wouldn't have stayed you
obviously chose this you wanted to be
abused if you didn't leave and you're
right I don't think that they understand
that the magnitude and the nuances of
what happens in an abusive relationship
it's not about weakness of character or
even physical weakness or were emotional
strength it's about what you value in
your life and what you value is is your
sense of self in your self-image and
that is the first thing to go in your
relationship so how can you possibly
assess the situation clearly
Jenny willoughby thank you very much for
spending some time with us tonight and
again I'm very sorry that this is the
subject that's brought us together but I
believe that what you're letting people
understand is extremely helpful and may
even be opening the eyes of people like
John Kelly who have some judgments about
this that aren't really including all
the factors that they should so again
Jenny thank you very much for joining us
thank you thank you for the opportunity
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
