now we turn to my interview with former
Trump campaign advisor Sam Nunn Bert
Keats back on the beat after facing four
and a half hours in Bob Miller's grand
jury box on Friday when you look at this
probe only a handful of people have been
confirmed to have testified before the
grand jury you see there Sam is one of
those special few and he joins me now
thanks for coming back on the beat thank
you sir
when they questioned you what was your
understanding of the focus what they
wanted to know most about well first of
all what they didn't want to know was my
opinion they only wanted to know facts
and they only want to know things that I
would know from the time that I worked
for then mr. Trump and through my
relationship with Roger so much I've
been pretty public about there they
don't want to know anything from me
because I wouldn't know anything about
Kalu about excuse me obstruction of
justice you don't want to know anything
that I could have heard that was going
on during the campaign when I wasn't on
the campaign obviously it's been public
you know through Adam Schiff and
everybody else they want to know the
relationship that Roger had with Julian
Assange
she mentioned Roger we can put up some
of the key names on the subpoena that
you received and we've had Cowan stone
ban and manna Ford did they ask you
about each of those people no they did
not they did not they didn't ask you
about Roger stone to ask folks who's
been asking how Roger stone mm-hmm
obviously you know I have a very close
relationship with Steve and it says
she's MIT came up and you know my
relationship and my relationship but
Michael yeah
that's work I've seen with Michael which
I consider most of it and as I've said
to them it's pretty--it's privilege
because he's a lawyer and I'm a lawyer
so I can't disclose things like that to
them one interesting thing about Roger
stone is everyone's trying to figure out
did he hurt himself by bragging too much
about things he didn't do mm-hmm
or did he disclose things that he did do
and we know our audience knows from
watching that you are loyal to him and
you don't think he did anything wrong
and in fairness to him and we do fair
reporting here I want to play Roger
stone won't you weren't the only witness
who spoke out last week he came out he
hadn't spoken on TV in a long time right
here he was on Meet the Press talking
about his denial take a look my direct
messages with goose 42.0 if that's who
it really is
come six weeks almost six weeks after
the DNC emails had been published by
WikiLeaks so in order to collude in
their hacking which I had nothing
whatsoever to do with one would have
needed a time machine did did they ask
you about his dealings with Julian
Assange yes they did they asked what
Roger telling me about his dealings with
Julian Assange or his communications
with Julian Assange tyranny during the
election
so on Friday molars investigators were
trying to basically test what either
they've learned or what they think about
Roger stones dealings there with what he
would have told you at the time and I
trust to you your position is you were
honest about that of course I was okay I
have to be I have to I have no choice
first of all you have to be once you're
in there second of all I'm a lawyer
look this is a discussion I had with
Roger during that summer I said to Roger
you're giving yourself a lot of exposure
claiming that you're in communication
with Julian Assange maybe he was maybe
he wasn't I happen to think that he may
have been using some let's say puffery
and I thought at that time because
Hillary Clinton was gonna win and she
was surely gonna have an independent
investigation on this little dyno that
only Donald Trump can win and we still
have an independent investigation on
this what did Roger stone say to you
that you related to miller's folks about
his dealings with Wickham I can't get
into that I mean that's that's not fair
to them that's not fair to the
investigation I can't say specific
details that wouldn't be when you see
Roger stone say that he would need a
time machine he's referring to one part
of the hacks right to the DNC hacks but
then there's also the Clinton campaign
Podesta hacks did he ever in your view
seem to be someone who wanted to take
credit for that why would someone want
to take credit for those crimes I mean
it's stolen property well first of all I
don't know if Roger considers those of
crimes Roger Rogers argument mm-hmm it's
not my argument and I understand Julian
Assange by the way you told me had
retweeted or tweeted our segment last
week I'm not a fan of Julian Assange
you're not a family you mentioned that
we could put that up he wrote astounding
35 minute interview between Roger stone
associate that's how he views you
nunberg and myself and that's a rare
tweet from Julian Assange
so so let me go watching you yeah but
your point is my point is I don't
believe he's a journalist and I and I
agree with our with our government I
agree with what the CIA I don't know
specifically have they described him but
he's certainly some kind of enemy of the
state with what he disclosed you think
Julian Assange is an enemy I want to
play Roger stone this is Roger stone
talking about Assange as a journalist it
sounds like we found an area of
disagreement between all the way I've
always said that take a look at Roger
stone on Asajj say this about Julian
Assange I reject the idea that he's a
Russian asset I reject the idea that
WikiLeaks is a Russian front I think he
is a journalist a courageous journalist
and frankly his track record for
accuracy and authenticity is superior
than the New York Times or The
Washington Post do you think Muller's
investigators look at Julian Assange as
a protected journalist or a potential
co-conspirator I I think it's pretty
axiomatic that they do not look at him
as a journalist and they haven't during
the Obama administration and even when
Donald Trump said during the campaign I
love WikiLeaks his CIA director Beck
said early in their administration I
forget how he described it maybe you
would know as some kind of enemy in the
state you know I'm not forbade I'm a
paraphrasing he's not a journalist
remember he's held up in an embassy
because he he's trying to escape a sex
charge this isn't because of his
journalistic work and he is somebody who
may have not directly because Putin is
too smart giving him the hack given him
the hacked emails but he was certainly
an asset of the Russians visa vie
intermediaries another big story right
now as you know relates to something
that was reported in fire and fury and
I'm going to read from fire and fury
they talk about another one of trumps
lawyers not Michael Cohen but Kassovitz
and they stay according to Bannon so
this is a quote from Steve Bannon he
Castle which has gotten Trump out of all
kinds of jams he was on the campaign
what did he have quote a hundred women
Kassovitz took care of all of them you
see that report at the same time the
michael cohen is under scrutiny as we
showed earlier in the broadcast did
miller's folks ask anything that related
to these issues around payments to
people or women well look they asked if
I had ever heard anything about
and my answer is I never have I don't
know anything about it and I wouldn't
have known about it Friday so on Friday
night on Friday Sun when did they ask
about my voluntary interview and it
would have been and they would have
dereliction of duty not to ask me but
I've never I've never heard you say that
publicly before in your FBI interview
with Miller and they were asking about
payments to women they were asking if I
knew anything about it
they were asking you if you knew
anything about payments to women but I
think it's pretty obvious that they're
looking into this especially because and
this is the issue besides the LLC you
have now this 130 thousand dollar
payment that was made after the election
from campaign to Trump org perhaps you
know so it just seems a little suspect
but they're only as you know you
mentioned you're a lawyer as you know
their job is not to write a book or look
up anything that's potentially
interesting they are supposed to
investigate potential crimes so if
they're asking you about payments to
women made on behalf of donuts that's
not how did they tell us in my voluntary
interview they wanted to know if I ever
not about specific payments if I've ever
heard of anything like that going on to
which I never have
norway's I at the campaign during that
no I understand this is much yes more
about the questioning that's going on
you re the only I do not want to go over
what they're presenting to the grand
jury
to me it's different than what they're
presenting to the you know voluntary and
the distinction you're making and for
the benefit of viewers you're saying
there's a difference between questions
you were asked an FBI setting and what
you told the grand jury it's a special
counsel and what evidence they're
present right just say something by the
way okay and jury that I think it's
important for America to understand
first of all this grand jury is taking
this very very seriously
so the extent that I was able to look at
them mostly because I was facing the
person who was questioning me to the
extent I was a milligram they were
taking notes they were focus they were
interested you and I believe you were
talking to a prosecutor named Aaron
szalinski who was to join the probe in
2017 did I tell you that you can tell it
I didn't ever told you that correct no
but that's what I've done my
understanding okay yes yes that's who it
is and he's extremely talented I told I
say that I felt like I was back in
yeshiva it was boom
because they have limited time they
don't meet every day mm-hmm so they have
a limited time to present to them
exactly what they want the last thing I
want to ask you is you did change your
mind you made a lot of big public
statements right about how you're gonna
handle this and then you have changed
and you seem different today than you
did last Monday in a nutshell what do
you want viewers are Americans who are
following this to know about this
because people said a lot of things
about you
look I was extremely extremely stressed
I've said this yesterday now that's what
it brought up a lot of bad things that I
had to get over when I was fired in 2005
excuse me in 2015 and it's a difficult
process and what people saw could see
with me is that somebody like me yeah I
don't profit from the term I don't try
to profit I just want to fix the
president I get dragged into this right
and I'm really collateral damage I feel
right and that's how a lot of witnesses
at times it felt Sam thank you you thank
you the table I want to bring in former
federal prosecutor Barbara McQuade
Barbara what jumped out to you as
someone who reports on this this is the
first time I've heard a public statement
about previous questions about potential
payments to women that may or may not be
involved with the president yes same
here I haven't heard that before
you know I would be surprised if Robert
Muller and his team want to focus on
payments to women it's important to keep
your eye on the ball about the Russia
investigation and this seems quite far
afield but I suppose there could be some
relevance here to the extent they're
looking into obstruction of justice if
there is a common scheme or plan of
paying hush money to people then that
concept could be important and so I know
mr. nunberg doesn't want to reveal the
questions and answers which I appreciate
he's not trying to try not to undermine
the investigation and the integrity of
it but it may be that those questions
are much broader in the sense of being
aware of making payments to others that
could be part of a common scheme or plan
to obstruct justice and so that
dovetails with another news item today
reported by Bloomberg but that fits with
something you and I and others have
talked about which is that the
obstruction piece is on the side comes
later if at all as compared to the the
core your view of that when we hear that
maybe they're they've found what they
need on obstruction whatever that maybe
we don't prejudge but they hold it in
abeyance your understanding of that yeah
you know that actually makes a lot of
sense to me if you
have you've virtually completed your
investigation on obstruction of justice
it might be useful to give context to
that charge to complete the
investigation into obstruction of what
exactly because I think it's a much more
compelling argument for a jury or
Congress or whoever is the fact-finder
in the end to know what the stakes were
in terms of this obstruction was there
obstruction of something very minor like
cover-up of hush money for women or was
it instead something that goes to the
very heart of our democracy like working
with Russians to affect the outcome of
the election so it wouldn't surprise me
really if they didn't set that aside at
some point there's a statute of
limitations by which they must file it
but there's nothing that says they have
to file it today just because that
investigation is complete and last
question all the discussion of WikiLeaks
mr. nunberg confirming what we've heard
elsewhere that this is a line of inquiry
and the Roger stone hasn't been called
in yet what do you read from that well
it doesn't surprise me that it's a line
of inquiry I think that that goes to the
heart of this idea of the hacking of the
emails at the DNC and of Hillary
Clinton's campaign right and so it
doesn't surprise me they want to do that
I think at some point they will want to
talk to Roger stone unless he is a
target of the investigation which in
which case maybe not as is their target
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
