welcome back on paper tomorrow special
election in Pennsylvania's 18th district
should be a slam dunk for Republicans
president Trump carried this Pittsburgh
area district by 20 points and it's been
represented by a Republican in Congress
for the last 15 years and in 2016 the
Republican incumbent ran unopposed but a
new Monmouth University poll out today
shows Democrat Connor lamb up six points
over Republican Rick ciccone that's a
nine point swing from a month ago when
the same poll had Ciccone ahead by three
points so why is this race in Trump
country so competitive one big reason is
enthusiasm Democrats have over performed
in most of the major special election
since President Trump took office
Republicans are already sounding the
alarm that they've got their work cut
out for them if a district like this is
hard to keep they won't be able to spend
millions on every race like they did on
this one and as we said if Republicans
lose tomorrow after president Trump's
campaign appearance and after all the
money that's been spent it could spell
big trouble in November my NBC News
Cohan Vaughn Hilliard joins us now from
the ground in Elizabeth Pennsylvania so
Vaughn why is there so much more
enthusiasm for lamb than Ciccone
I think what we're seeing here
increasingly and a lot of these
congressional races right katie is
candidates candidates matter if you go
over to a place like Texas right
there's congressional districts with
more popular incumbents I think you may
see a different outcome in November but
if you look at a place like here you
have a 33 year-old former marine vet
former federal prosecutor and Connor
lamb he's an exciting figure for people
here on the ground that has galvanized
a lot of support where if you look at
rick Ciccone Rick Ciccone has struggled
to even get the support of people with
it within his own like county partisan
and party apparatus to really put much
of a ground game here they've relied on
a major super PAC to bring in
doorknockers it's something when you're
looking at ultimately it's not good
enough to just simply have generic
Republican running and despite yes this
being a place that Mitt Romney won that
John McCain won ultimately and a lot of
these races Katie it's coming down to
issues and there we were talking about
you know unions steel workers we're
talking about coal miners and they are
looking for candidates to specifically
talk about those issues that are
important to them and in this race
Connor Lam has really been the one that
has spoken to a large degree to those
very issues how much of a role is Donald
Trump playing in the election down there
he was there campaigning and ostensibly
it was supposed to be for for Rick Seco
and but he spent the majority of that
rally talking about himself in the White
House and insulting people exactly and
his son Don junior was here today we've
been with him for the last two stops
essentially trying to help him turn it
out but Katie this is what something
from Virginia to Alabama down to Texas
you continually what we've heard over
this last year is a resistance to
outsiders and telling anybody how to
vote and if you were to watch TV for one
night here in this district you will
have seen countless television ads from
outside groups that are trying to paint
in Conor land and with an in a negative
connotation when we talk to people on
the ground they say that they see
through it they said that there are full
of lies these are Republicans that are
telling me this I have talked to
multiple over the last day that told me
that they have always voted Tim Murphy
was the Republican congressman for the
last 16 years here and they said that
they're tired of the old politics a lot
of them say that yes they're still
supportive Donald Trump in that hope but
ultimately when it comes down to it
they're not seeing enough action
of when it comes to specifically I'm
gonna use it coal miners it's not
something that gets much sexy attention
when it comes to extending their the
pensions that they have been guaranteed
and they there's the possibility that
those will expire in the then or not be
fulfilled but it's an issue that is
important to them and Connor land has
come on the stump and said that he wants
to ultimately see those fulfilled Katie
I know we're viewers at home were smart
enough to realize that you didn't mean
NBC News was trying to get done jr. more
of a turnout but that Dunn jr. was
trying to get more of a turnout for
Donald Trump his father I just want to
make that abundantly clear just in case
somebody got a little mixed up Vaughn
Hilliard great reporting out there we're
gonna be following you all tonight and
all tomorrow see what happens it is a
fascinating race to say the least Vaughn
thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
