answer breaking news in the stormy
Daniel saga the adult film star says she
will pay back 130 thousand dollars so
she can talk about Donald Trump and hand
over any messages photos or videos that
she might have NBC News intelligence and
national security reporter Kendall a
nyan joins me now on that Ken now is
this a real offer or is it a suggestion
that somebody needs to accept before she
doesn't know this appears to be a real
offer Ally and it's a lid
it was made in a letter to Donald
Trump's attorney Michael Cohen and gives
them until tomorrow
to accept this money in exchange for
allowing her to and I'm reading here
speak openly and freely about her prior
relationship with the president and the
attempts to silence her now there's a
parallel track that she is also suing to
void this agreement because Donald Trump
didn't sign it and saying that the pact
is null and void but this appears to be
an attempt to say look you know this
isn't about the money we'll give back
the money of course it's only fair to
point out that she probably stands to
earn a lot more than a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars if she's able to
speak freely about an alleged affair
with the president United States and a
tell-all book but you know it's another
interesting development in this saga
that continues to dog the president all
right Ken Delaney and thank you for that
Ken Delaney and we'll stay on top of
this story
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
