at some point Lawrence the president
United States needs to answer the very
best basic questions relating to his
relationship with Miss Damien's he needs
to do so just like doe Clinton did he
needs to do so just like Gary Hart did
you need that he needs to do so just
like countless other politicians have
done over the last 30 years good morning
and welcome to am joy the story that no
one has wanted to touch with a ten-foot
pole
is quickly becoming the story we can no
longer ignore in short it's time to take
stormy Daniels seriously new
developments this week have begun to
reveal just what went on between the
porn star and the president brain bleach
while raising new questions about that
130 thousand dollar payment to Daniel's
whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford
in the days before the presidential
election money she says was meant to buy
her silence about her alleged 11 month
affair with Trump the big question what
did Trump know about the payment on
Friday NBC News reported that Donald
Trump's personal attorney Michael Cohen
used his trump organization email while
arranging a bank transfer before wiring
the money to Clifford a source told NBC
News that he used the same email account
during negotiations with Clifford in
2016 in an interview with ABC News
Friday Cohan said he used his Trump
Organization emails for quote everything
and dismissed the story as a witch-hunt
concocted by the liberal mainstream
media but the emails appear to close the
distance that Cohen has tried to put
between Trump and the alleged hush money
Cohen previously claimed that he used
his personal funds to facilitate a
payment and neither the Trump
organization nor the Trump campaign was
a party to the transaction with Miss
Clifford the White House has also denied
any sexual relationship between Clifford
and Trump the latest news comes on the
heels of a new civil suit which Clifford
claims among other things in which
Clifford claims among other things that
Trump knew about the hush money and that
his failure to sign the agreement frees
her to tell all about their alleged
relationship but among those who are
taking Clifford quite seriously are the
watchdog groups whose complaints with
the Federal Election Commission allege
the Trump violated campaign finance laws
with a payoff meant to influence the
election and Donald Trump himself who
according to ABC News has beefed up his
legal team with the addition of another
attorney described by his New York firm
as a quote pitbull to fight what could
be the one scandal to finally stick to
Teflon Don tweeted me in our MSNBC legal
analyst Paul Butler civil rights
attorney Lisa bloom former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor Jill wine
banks and MSNBC legal analyst Katie Fong
thank you all for being here I'll start
with you right here at the table Paul
I'm reading through this the lawsuit
this morning the and the settlement
agreement and what really stands out is
the argument by Ms Clifford's attorneys
that three parties were supposed to sign
the agreement the original hush
agreement yes this LLC that was created
by michael cohen ms clifford AKA stormy
Daniels and Donald Trump yes but that
Trump deliberately and their view didn't
sign it so he could later claimed he
didn't know miss Clifford does his
failure to put his signature and you can
see it right there on the screen Trump
didn't sign it does that mean that the
original agreement is in fact null and
void it's possible so this is a matter
of California contract law so a judge
will determine that on the one hand if
his there's a line for a signature he
should sign on the other hand she
accepted the money so she may have
executed the contract that will be for a
judge to determine what's most important
here is that the president's lawyer
Michael Cohen is lying and skirting the
rules of legal ethics in order to
protect the president's own lie so if
this were just what do you mean by that
why does he what do you mean by that so
joy you cannot settle a case and not
tell your client that's against the
rules of legal ethics you're also not
allowed to spend your own a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars to settle a
matter for your client that's not an
issue for most lawyers most lawyers
wouldn't want to spend their own money
most lawyers wouldn't do it and it's
extremely difficult to believe that that
might that is Michael Cohen's own money
so the question is why is he lying
why is he sponsoring a campaign
contribution something
to get Donald Trump elected and that not
telling the truth about that that's kind
of the subject of the Special Counsel
investigation indeed oh let's go to a
member of the California Bar Lisa bloom
stormy days Lisa Clifford is saying that
Cohen essentially freed her to talk
about Trump by himself disclosing
information about her and by in his own
words deciding on his own to just gift
her with a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to supposedly make her not talk
but then trying to enforce an agreement
not to talk about Donald Trump does any
of this make sense have you ever heard
of a case like this where a lawyer
supposedly on their own decided to use
their own money to essentially pay for a
hush agreement well there's a couple
different issues here and I have a lot
of women coming to me right now as part
of the me2 movement who have signed
NDA's and they want to get out of it and
when the other side has talked I've made
the same argument it is not fair it is
not right it is not just for one side to
be able to talk especially about a
woman's life and her own experience and
she can't talk and if the other side is
talking Michael Cohen is speaking out on
her behalf had her signed a letter
recently supposedly denying the whole
thing I think the whole thing should be
null and void and she should be able to
talk and of course Michael Cohen did not
pay the money out of his own pocket it's
not a sustainable business model to be
paying settlements on behalf of your
clients right you know I've looked very
carefully at what he said he said the
Trump Organization and the Trump
campaign did not reimburse me he did not
say Donald Trump did not reimburse me or
any of his entities so I think that's
what we need to look for and just listen
stay with you for just a second is it
unusual that in this agreement that you
know you think I'm reading through that
they used aliases so according to the
agreement by design of mr. Cohen the
hush agreement used aliases to refer to
miss Clifford and mr. Trump specifically
Ms Clifford was referred to by Peggy
Peterson and Trump thought was referred
to by David Edison is there any cloak of
protection if they can't prove that
David Dennison is Donald Trump or do
they have to prove that they're the same
person
so some lawyers do this in a
high-profile cases I do not I refuse on
behalf of my clients we have to have the
real names in the agreement and this is
very messy that they did it this way
because
if you look at the restraining order
that Trump's attorney went and got this
week
Peggy Peterson is the one who is
restrained so Peggy Peterson if you're
out there you can't talk about as far as
I'm concerned you are legally free to
speak exactly all right let me go to
katie fog on this because the there's a
lot of salacious claims in the document
some that are have gotten a lot of
attention including our own lawrence
o'donnell has talked about them that
this agreement mentions that all
confidential information must be turned
over to two to the coincide to the Trump
side and that it that the sort McDaniel
site has has to disclose to whom they
may have shared any of this confidential
information and they include in that any
information on paternity information not
limited to Trump's children allegedly
Trump's children or any alleged children
or alleged sexual partners are we over
reading that to mean that stormy Daniels
that miss Clifford may have some sort of
information related to paternity so any
great lawyer joy is going to want to
draft an agreement that's going to have
exceptionally broad language but it is a
peculiar to include the phrase paternity
information because why would that be a
relevant element to a settlement
agreement unless it was an issue however
if you follow the settlement agreement
and you talk about disclosure issues
there are four people that are
identified in that settlement agreement
to whom stormy Daniels has disclosed to
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen that she
shared this confidential information
prior to entering into the settlement
agreement and one of those names is
angel Ryan who I believe Lisa Bloom's
mother knows who Gloria Allred is her
lawyer but what's amazing about the
summit agreement joy is that those four
individuals are actually allowed to
disclose the information that they
received from stormy Daniels and the
settlement agreement says that stormy
Daniels will not be penalized if they
should do so as long as stormy Daniels
did not provoke them inspire them or
make them say what they have to say so
there really isn't as much of a muzzle
on the people who know this confidential
information as I think Donald Trump
would want to have and frankly joy at
this point two major phrases right
follow the money and timing is
everything
it's reminiscent of John Edwards
campaign violations hush money and so
really if I'm nervous I excuse me if I'm
Donald Trump I'm nervous
I'm nervous because there are so many
now opportunities for the discovery
process through investigations and
litigation to bring out the truth and
expose all the correspondents documents
and evidence in this case including
potentially pictures photographic
evidence whatever she has text messages
cetera until one day's the other reason
Tom Trump might be nervous apparently
he's mad at Sara Huckabee Sanders his
press secretary for say a little bit too
much maybe this is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders talking about the attorney for
stormy Daniels Michael a vanetti and
using the word arbitration ticketless
what the president has addressed these
directly and made very well clear that
none of these allegations are true this
case has already been won in arbitration
personally like Miss Sanders I think she
has a near impossible job any claim by
the administration that Donald Trump a
won in arbitration is no different than
me claiming that I won the Super Bowl a
few weeks ago it's it's complete it's
completely chill wine banks why is Sarah
Huckabee Sanders proactively talking
about arbitration with somebody that
Donald Trump is claiming he never had
any sort of sexual relationship with
clearly she made a very big mistake
because if he says he's not part of this
at all and if his lawyer is lying and
saying he's not part of it at all then
why was he the beneficiary of a
resolution in an arbitration that was a
big mistake
I think we have to look at a few other
things which is why is Donald Trump
treating stormy Daniels differently than
the 18 other women who brought
non-consensual claims against him he has
not said anything as negative about her
and has not attacked her which suggests
to me that she does have something
serious in terms of evidence against him
and that's what we should be looking at
as well as remembering that this is hush
money hush money is part of a cover-up
that's what an obstruction of justice is
that's what gets
residents in trouble it was what was one
of the major things that brought down
President Nixon was paying hush money to
keep the defendants from telling the
truth about who it hired them yeah so I
think there's a lot here to be uncovered
yet
well Lisa at that point I mean you've
represented many women who have made
these claims against powerful men
Donald Trump has openly trashed a lot of
the women who have made claims of
non-consensual sexual aggression toward
them
does it pique your interest that he is
yet to directly attack Stormi Daniel
they came as Clifford do not
underestimate stormy Daniels and what
she has and yes I represented four women
accusing Donald Trump of non-consensual
behavior during the campaign in 2016 I
am convinced that there are more there
may be many more Michael Wolfe says and
fire and fury that there are many more
and I have reason to believe that there
are more and so I hope the case
continues
I like that stormy has a very aggressive
attorney who seems too committed to the
case and especially to discovery I don't
think we necessarily have a right to
know who Donald Trump has had consensual
relationships with even extramarital
affairs but we do have the right to know
who he has paid hush money to how many
secret proceedings secret arbitrations
has he sent his lawyers into to silence
women to prevent them from speaking
about stories about their own lives I
mean this is the President of the United
States and by the way and that
arbitration his lawyer when an ex parte
which means by himself
stormy wasn't even given notice her
attorney wasn't even given notice they
didn't even have an opportunity to be
heard I mean is this the kind of legal
proceeding we want in America when we're
talking about a prior restraint on
speech against the President of the
United States I don't think so so I hope
the case continues and I hope they find
out a lot more information
the other thing Katie that's intriguing
to me is the idea of creating an LLC
actually creating a company in order to
pay the money and doing so literally
weeks less than a couple weeks before
the election what do you make of that so
yes so this LLC called essential
consultants LLC was created in Delaware
and joy in Delaware that is like one of
the best places if you want to create a
lot of secrecy behind the corporate
structure of an LLC and Delaware LLC S
can mask the owners and the directors of
companies and so it was really smart
for Michael komen to do that but the
timing again is everything why do that
and then again the campaign finance
violation issue 'he's you're not
supposed to give corporate contributions
to a campaign and if you do you have to
know what's going on and we don't know
this information and so I find it hard
to believe that Michael Cohen took out a
hundred and thirty thousand dollar home
equity line of credit yeah I mean como
se what who's gonna do that to pay off a
porn star I mean that doesn't happen and
so you know what Michael Cohen you know
what he needs to learn he needs to learn
the concept of no comments because he
keeps on opening its mouth he himself is
violating the terms of the
non-disclosure agreement and he's
creating more of an alleged paper trail
that somebody like maybe Muller who's
been tasked with investigating the 2016
campaign you know issues perhaps molars
gonna be interested in what Michael
Cohen has to say about this particular
payoff maybe Michael Cohen is just very
generous with his money and he just
likes to give it out deserves a bad name
Paul Butler will be back thank you Lisa
bloom till wine banks Katie funk this is
a great panel thank you guys very much
and up next new details about Donald
Trump's trip to Russia for the Miss
Universe pageant and his epic thirst for
bladder Vladimir Putin's friendship stay
with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
