The Washington Post has just broken news
that's Robert Muller the Special Counsel
investigating the Russian attack on our
election in 2016 and whether enough the
Trump campaign was involved in that
Robert Muller and his investigators
according to the Washington Post have
obtained a personal letter written from
President Trump to President Vladimir
Putin a typed letter that reportedly has
a handwritten postscript on the bottom I
don't know why Robert Muller's team has
been able to obtain this document if you
think about it a typewritten letter with
a handwritten PostScript that presumably
only exists for the person who received
it right but Muller somehow obtained it
anyway The Washington Post has just
broken that story we've got one of the
reporters who broke that news with us
joining us in just a couple of minutes
so that just breaking tonight we've got
that ahead in addition to that I have
some great news for you
you are getting a new yacht it is a
gigantic yacht
it's apparently worth a quarter billion
dollars not a quarter million a quarter
billion dollars 250 million dollars this
is the kind of yacht that's so big and
so expensive it turns out there's a
person in the world who posts online
under the name Dutch mega yachts and
this person has put slow-mo pictures of
your new yacht on the Dutch mega yachts
page on YouTube and the pictures of your
new yacht are so alluring so inanimate
object sexy that whoever this is has
posted these pictures of your new yacht
on YouTube I kid you not
with a Barry White soundtrack
this is a thing that exists generously
the Steve Martin remake of Pink Panther
and somebody says Tim are you ever
lonely and he says not since the
Internet my favorite part about this is
that this very white soundtrack sexy
slow-mo footage of the is not just from
anywhere this is Dutch mega yachts calm
so there are sexy pictures at the yacht
have very white singing sexily to it
while it sails like through the cargo
container loading area of the industrial
port city of Rotterdam maybe that's your
yacht that's a big crane the world is
full of amazing people who do amazing
things mostly online people have all
sorts of feelings that you wouldn't
expect but the reason that we went
looking for this footage today is
because that yacht in that Barry White
themed slow-mo movie that yacht does now
belong to you we also have slightly less
glamorous footage of this same yacht
being boarded by local law enforcement
officers and FBI agents this past week
in Bali in Indonesia this new yacht that
you own it is a two hundred and fifty
million dollar yacht it's called the
equanimity it has now been seized by the
FBI by US federal agents and it is being
handed over to the US government so
congratulations US taxpayer hope you
like your new boat I should also tell
you that this week you also just became
the proud owner of sixty million dollars
worth of proceeds that were earned by
the film wolf of Wall Street
the producers of wolf of Wall Street has
now surrendered sixty million dollars of
what that film made to the US government
so you own those proceeds now too
you apparently are also about to become
the owner of some of the proceeds of the
movie daddy's home
starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg
and you are also about to become the
owner of some of the proceeds from the
movie Dumb and Dumber to which stars a
that looks like a dog in the case of
those two movies though unlike wolf of
wallstreet where we know it's 60 million
dollars that you're getting I don't know
exactly how much of the proceeds you're
about to get from Dumb and Dumber to and
the dad one but you're about to get some
of it as a US taxpayer and the reason
you are now the owner of all this new
stuff you didn't own before is because
of this guy not the one on the left the
other guy who is the Prime Minister of
Malaysia if you are the prime minister
of a country and hundreds and hundreds
of millions of dollars suddenly show up
in your personal bank account you better
have a really good explanation for that
right I mean Prime Minister jobs do tend
to come with a nice salary but not a
hundreds of millions of dollars
overnight kind of salary couple years
ago though somebody put almost 700
million dollars into the bank account of
the Prime Minister of Malaysia and he
really had no good explanation for it
for months he just said it was nobody's
business was his money he said these
allegations these insinuations that
there was anything inappropriate about
this sudden infusion of 700 million
dollars into his private bank account he
said this was just his political
opponents trying to undermine him there
was nothing to see here
then his own attorney general and his
deputy prime minister started saying
actually you know maybe the Prime
Minister should answer questions about
this mysterious 700 million dollars the
Prime Minister reacted to that by firing
both of them he fired his deputy prime
minister and he fired his attorney
general Prime Minister then appointed a
new Attorney General to look at the
circumstances of that money turning up
in his bank account and that new
hand-picked attorney general looked into
it and declared that really it was all
fine nobody had done anything wrong and
that's when they decided what their
public explanation would be for where
that money came from their explanation
was that that money that seven hundred
million dollars it was a present it was
a no-strings-attached gift for the prime
minister from the Saudi royal family
their line was that there was a Saudi
prince who decided that he liked the
Prime Minister of Malaysia and no
occasion really he just
sited that the Prime Minister could
probably do with 700 million dollars so
we gave it to him free for nothing
when that's your good sounding
explanation when that's your everything
is fine nothing to see here excuse that
a Saudi prince just dropped it off one
day and you don't know why if that's the
good sounding explanation you know the
bad sounding explanation must be a
really really really bad well sure
enough a few months later the United
States Department of Justice filed a 250
page complaint alleging that that's 700
million dollars cash that turned up
mysteriously in the personal bank
account of the Malaysian Prime Minister
that was just a fraction of the proceeds
of a gigantic heist a giant act of
thievery a corruption scheme in which
the Prime Minister and his family and
his associates stole billions of dollars
from the Malaysian government four and a
half billion dollars they stole in cash
from the Malaysian government and some
of it they just stacked up in bank
accounts but mostly they laundered it
all over the world including in the
United States which is why the US
Justice Department brought this case
even though the money was stolen from
the people of Malaysia and the list of
stuff that was that they spent this
stolen money on it's a ridiculous list
of stuff the Prime Minister's family and
friends brought they bought penthouses
in New York City they bought mansions in
Beverly Hills they bought yachts
yes yachts Barry White style and
otherwise they bought Picasso paintings
they did a lot of gambling the prime
minister's wife mysteriously ended up
with a lot of ridiculous jewelry the
Prime Minister's stepson used a bunch of
the money to finance some Hollywood
movies including the wolf of Wall Street
daddy's home and Dumb and Dumber to all
through a company called red granite
Pictures if you actually watch the
trailers for any of those Hollywood
movies you'll see a splash page at the
beginning of all those trailers for red
granite pictures US Justice Department
says that was the money laundering
vehicle for some of these gazillions of
dollars that were stolen from the
Malaysian government by the Prime
Minister his family and their associates
and yes that's sort of a bonkers list of
things to spend money on particularly if
you're trying to stay low
and get away with this kind of theft
right ostentatious much but in a way if
you think about it you sort of got to
spend the money on something it's hard
to explain hundreds of millions of
dollars let alone billions of dollars
just sitting in bank accounts maybe it's
better to convert it to real-world
saleable assets convert it even into
assets that might make a profit if Dumb
and Dumber to is anywhere near as good
as the original might be a great
investment
well now the United States has started
the process of seizing the assets that
are believed to have been bought by the
criminals who carried off this scheme
the the stuff that was stolen with
Malaysian government money u.s. federal
official the FBI started last summer
going after the real estate they made
Leonardo DiCaprio hand over the Picasso
that he was given as a gift by the good
people who turned up with barrels full
of cash to finance the wolf of Wall
Street and the Justice Department has
continued to pursue its investigation
into this huge heist this massive theft
of billions of dollars in government
funds which I ended up resulting in the
purchase of all of these things so a few
things here number one congratulations
on your new yacht it is lovely even to
the point where it's attractive very -
yes it was strange when President Trump
hosted the Malaysian Prime Minister at
the White House just a few months ago in
September in the middle of this big
investigation White House never
mentioned the federal agents who were
pursuing the Malaysian Prime Minister as
a multi-billion dollar thief in this
gigantic scheme it was actually worried
in advance of the Malaysian Prime
Minister visiting Trump that if on this
trip to the White House the Prime
Minister's wife wore some specific
jewellery she is known to possess
federal agents might be put in the
awkward position of having to take that
jewelry off her like maybe when she was
leaving the White House grounds or maybe
at their hotel naturally the Malaysian
Prime Minister in his whole entourage
including his wife they all stayed at
our president's hotel in Washington and
while they were here for that visit
which means that government funds that
rightfully belonged to the people of
Malaysia
have now gone into the pocket of the
Malaysian Prime Minister himself but
also into the pocket of our president
nice
no wonder they got along so well so the
ongoing Justice Department investigation
and the seizure of all these luxury
items bought with the stolen funds that
makes that law that that White House
visit a little weird now it's getting
weirder because the Wall Street Journal
has now obtained documents emails that
appear to show that a top Republican
fundraiser close to president Donald
Trump was in negotiations to earn tens
of millions of dollars if the US Justice
Department dropped its investigation
into a multi-billion dollar graft
scandal involving a Malaysian state
investment fund quote in emails dated
during the past year
Elliot Brody and his wife discussed
setting up a consulting contract with a
Malaysian businessman at the center of a
multi-billion dollar graft scandal
incidentally I should tell you the
specific businessman we're talking about
here they were trying to set up some
sort of contract with he is the guy who
is technically the owner of your new
yacht the equanimity this is the OP that
FBI agents just seized in this case FBI
agents have found the yacht but the guy
himself who is technically the owner who
is allegedly part of this big theft
scheme with the prime minister that guy
has gone missing and they are now
looking for him right now according to
The Wall Street Journal within the last
year these emails that the journal has
obtained show that a Trump fundraiser
was pursuing a draft business agreement
with that guy the guy who's now a
fugitive right the guy who owns that
yacht and can't be found
Eliot Brody and his wife were pursuing a
deal in which he and his wife would get
paid a cool seventy-five million dollars
if they were able to succeed in getting
the Justice Department to drop this
Malaysian case this is weird right this
massive corruption case massive heist
multi-billion dollar scheme and Trump is
hosting the prime minister at the center
of it in the middle of this big case by
the Justice Department and the main
business guy who also seems to have
benefited from it at least it got him a
250 million dollar yacht he's involved
with one of trumps fundraisers who's
asking first
five million dollar payment to get the
US Justice Department to drop this case
against him it's a strange story right
who knows where this one ends it's
another story in The Wall Street Journal
tonight about the president's lawyers
making an offer to the Special Counsel
Robert Muller quote President Donald
Trump's lawyers are seeking to
renegotiate a deal with Special Counsel
Robert Muller that uses an interview
with the president as leverage to spur a
conclusion to Muller's investigation
the president's lawyers are reportedly
considering quote suggesting a deadline
of 60 days for Muller to wrap up his
investigation I don't think that's going
to happen I don't think anybody thinks
that's going to happen I mean not only
are the president's lawyers not in a
position to be laying down demands at
this point with at least four guilty
pleas in this case already at least
there may be more that are not yet
unsealed with with to criminal trials
and dozens of felony charges do to start
this summer and into the fall but in
addition to the fact that the
president's legal team wouldn't seem to
have the leverage to demand that Muller
do anything let alone wrap things up
quickly for them now frankly we're still
at the part of this scandal where we
keep meeting new characters we keep
starting new episodes we all just got a
new yacht come on
Miska Elliott Brody the Trump fundraiser
now turns up in the middle of this weird
Malaysia heist we first met him in the
middle of the presidential campaign May
2016 when we marveled at least I
marveled on the air at the fact that the
RNC had just named the sky Brady the
vice-chair of the Trump victory fund for
the Republican National Committee I
marveled at that on the air because the
thing at the time he was most famous for
was one of the most astonishing bribery
cases ever in a u.s. state that is so
corrupt already it's hard to be
astonished by anything here in 2009 this
guy Eliot Brody pled guilty to paying an
amazing series of bribes to officials in
New York State he was bribing those
officials so they'd give his financial
firm a piece of a big New York state
controlled pile of money he'd give they
give his firm a piece of the pension
fund for state workers Eliot Brody paid
these state officials a million dollars
in bribes
he paid the bribes were incredible he he
paid and all an all-expense-paid
luxurious for the State Comptroller and
his family first-class airfare to Israel
luxury suites at the King David hotel in
Jerusalem a chauffeured car and Driver
helicopter tours I mean that was the
bribe you paid to the Comptroller and
his family to the deputy comptroller he
got his brother a $400,000 Tony Soprano
style no-show job for the chief of staff
to the Comptroller he slipped over a
hundred grand to the guy's girlfriend
all of these bribes it was all spelled
out in the indictment when all these
state officials had to go to jail for
taking all of these bribes Eliot Brody
is the guy who bribed them he bribed
them to get business for his firm it
worked his firm got the business he
personally made like 18 million dollars
off this scheme which is a good
investment if he only had to put out a
million the only problem was they caught
him and in the end it was the state
officials who he bribed who ended up
going to prison
Eliot Brody himself flipped in one
state's evidence he pled guilty to a
felony charge of rewarding official
misconduct so he was a felon ultimately
in reward for his cooperation he got to
withdraw his felony plea and in the end
just admit to a misdemeanor because he
flipped and weaseled on the people who
he paid the bribes to those were the
people who went to jail while he didn't
and then the Republican Party named him
vice chair of the Donald Trump victory
fund for the RNC of all the people in
the world his felony bribery charges
weren't even that long ago that was late
2009 well now that the Trump campaign is
over
Eliot Brody has since become the deputy
finance chairman of the RNC working in
Steve Wynn's shop there one of the other
deputy finance chairman is Michael Cohen
president's personal lawyer now known
for the porn star payment scandal
how you doing staying out of the Trump
scandals RNC now they're deputy finance
Chairman mr. Brody has just taken a hard
turn into the millere of into the middle
of the robber Muller investigation a few
days ago we learned that Muller and his
team of prosecutors have a new
cooperating
witness in their investigation his name
is Jorge nadir he's an advisor to the
government of the United Arab Emirates
Mueller's team is reportedly interested
in what nadir has to say as a
cooperating witness because they're
investigating quote the influence of
foreign money on Trump's political
activities molars prosecutors have
reportedly asked witnesses about the
possibility that George nadir has
funneled money from the United Arab
Emirates into president Trump's
political efforts
that's illegal of course for there to be
funny foreign money in in US politics
it's illegal for any American to Fissel
to facilitate that so Muller is
reportedly looking into that issue using
this cooperating witness Jorge nadir is
cooperating witness Jorge nadir turns
out to be in business with Elliott Brady
the same guy who's reportedly been
offering to get rid of the Justice
Department's Malaysia investigation for
a seventy-five million dollar fee to him
and his wife the guy who's eight new
york state pension fund bribery felon
this magnificent specimen of
civic-mindedness who's been named a
deputy finance chairman of the RNC he
surfaces now in the reporting about this
new cooperating witness helping the
Moller investigation examine the
possibility of foreign money flowing
into the Trump political operation
because Elliott Brody has reportedly
been giving Jorge nadir detailed
briefings and all the work he's been
doing at the White House including
meetings with President Trump to pursue
the foreign policy aims of this country
that Jorge nadir works for UAE and to
try to turn the Trump administration
against you a EES rivals in the Middle
East
Elliott Brody himself is someone who has
recently received hundreds of millions
of dollars from UAE quote after the
inauguration Jorge nadir became friendly
with Elliott Brody and introduced him to
the crown prince of UAE frøydis company
then signed contracts with the UAE worth
several hundred million dollars I wonder
if they know he once pled guilty to a
felony this is all getting pretty ugly
pretty fast
this old child pornography indictment
against Jorge nadir surfaced last night
in a report from natasha bertrand at
atlantic magazine
Jorge nadir was charged with receiving
and possessing child porn police
recovered a big trove of it from his
bedroom in Washington DC but the charges
were eventually dismissed because
a procedural problem with a search
warrant in that case for Elliot Brady's
part he says the reason his emails are
now turning up in news reports all over
the world including the one where he
puts a 75 million dollar price tag on
getting the Justice Department to drop
its case a bit about that heist in
Malaysia he says the reason his emails
are turning up all over the place and
all sorts of news reports now is because
he says he's been hacked by foreign
government and he's the real victim here
it's hard to know how to weigh any of
these claims or why this stuff is coming
out now but just step back from this for
a second just this week we learned about
a new cooperating witness and a new line
of inquiry into foreign money allegedly
coming into the Trump political
operation apparently they've had this
guy since January just finding out about
it now including his ties to the deputy
finance chair of the RNC
and a trump aide named Trump campaign
aide named Sam Nunn Berg did just do
seven hours of testimony today before
Miller's grand jury in Washington DC
apparently the grand jury is still
getting a workout and the freaking
Washington Post just reported tonight
that Robert Muller has obtained a
personal letter from Donald Trump to
Vladimir Putin from 2013 a type letter
with a handwritten note from Trump below
the type part how on earth have Muller
and his prosecutors obtained that
document so yeah this is cute this is
cute tonight Trump lawyers seek deal
with Muller to speed end of Russia probe
that's cute I'm thinking probably not we
are still meeting new people
we aren't still winning new prizes this
just doesn't feel over at all
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
