it's Friday on the beat and tonight we
have a special edition of fallback
Friday you know that it is a takeover
when we cue the air horns I am joined by
five stars Jesus and Mary Lou in action
yes they host their own hit TV show
covering politics and culture nice they
have been all over late-night and their
podcast Bodega boys just clock its 100th
episode yeah well tonight's we have an
old circus in New York senator Kirsten
Gillibrand's old white dudes in the
administration right now do they ever
confuse your filaree against his
opponent Oprah who's not actually at all
first Trump wanted to brag about the low
african-american unemployment rate which
has been on the decline since 2011
Jesus marrow thank you for being here
Friday we feel honored let's start here
Jesus who needs to fall back who needs
to fall back this week you had him on a
feels like a year ago Sam Nunn Berg Wow
Wow what a what a press when he had he
did every show in existence in like
seven hours he was amazing amazing TV to
watch i watch table can't believe I'm in
the same room he was in you had him on
this show he said he's not doing a
subpoena he went through a range of a
roast emotions on your show and that was
shot out to you that was a moment for
the culture thank you and Monday he was
feeling some type of way yesterday we
learned he is testifying he is that's
where he went full circle he came on he
had that energy he said I'm not
testifying no one's gonna make me
testify shouts Amaya wildly the Maya
Wiley respected lawyer talked into it
the way you a public defender talks to a
guilty client that says listen you have
to go to court you can't just say no
we're not doing subpoenas no you can
talk to her you can't do Jadakiss is
just blow trying
I tried that a couple times it doesn't
work well Mara
or the kid marrow is Europe actually
known yes what needs to fall back Mars
for Kelly Kelly sure Kelly sure Kelly
he just got 7 joints as we say in the
hood that's seven years I mean you know
for his defrauding of people and doing
all the stupid stuff I've been waiting
for this guy to get his for the longest
ever since you know how the farmer bro
thing where he's inflating drug prices
of people that need medication right
this guy's get his for the longest I
mean finally guy is so you could you're
using his fallback yes I'm saying fall
back and give me what's hanging out
won't that's really there for the
culture he did real money down yeah and
that's rarity I mean that's special my
my fallback is a special group fall back
when you think about all the former
Trump aids making news this week the
people look at how many have been fired
that is a rising red line to Gary Cohn
this week and I think they all need to
fall back because these are people that
Trump picked who are giving him trouble
you know and I know that you may know
there is a saying in Jamaica yes we run
tings Kings now run we yes okay and
you've got people who are in the White
House they are supposed to if I may run
tings and there have been so many
problems in so much chaos in so many
firings it does feel like Kings are
running them it's it's chaos over there
also shadow we every week we meet new
characters in this White House only to
lose him at the end of the week I don't
want a new name I hope Hicks I was voted
for I was like hey she could last at
least a couple months it's sort of like
I went to a high school we had exchange
students and love exchange students I
always like meeting people from
different places but if you found out
they were there for just a semester off
the show was just starting to learn
about Coulomb
who else needs to fall back well seem to
fall back this week
oh the Russian embassy for trolling
through Twitter after the nerve attack
in England they went on and was just
like hey it just happens it's just a
regular they went off he was actually a
British spy working for mi6 wow you
actually aber just like mind your
business okay oh you know there and it's
a very serious nerve attack 21 people
injured you know if this was a terrorist
attack
we it'd probably be 24/7 coverage and
you just can't get on Twitter and mock
victims of a nerve attack way yeah it
also goes to when we talk about the
culture or diplomacy or the world I
guess this feels like it's getting
meaner yeah yeah I get that countries
for a long time have been killing people
that's the history of the world
yeah there wasn't always like bumper
sticker gloating about trolling or like
making a meme we got you my six not
whimsical so Meryl who needs to fall
back who else is on your list I am
keeping this is this is gonna this has
been a strong fall back for a long time
now Jeff Sessions with no camera you
bring it we got Jeff Sessions hates two
things that I love being Dominican and
weed yeah I'm saying so you need to fall
back
I don't even know how you still have a
job you look like a Keebler Elf you look
like a baby man you look like Benjamin
Button sit down shut your mouth go hide
in the cafeteria and so your term is
over you're saying I'm gonna come find
you now we have to go for you now your
problem with Jeff Sessions is his cookie
like quality you sent me now and who
didn't like her keepers I loved keepers
personally well or is there what he
stands for he is so and I've never met
anybody so anti Dominican in my life and
being from the Holika persona I just
don't understand was what his hang-up is
with us in particular there's Matt you
think it's specific to certain countries
yeah yeah my why us like there's so many
of this Dominica would you get very
so get him all the way out of here
full-back Jeff this is some of this
straw this is wrong it's fall back and
I've seen yes yeah you're really saying
it Bill Kristol doesn't yell fall back
the way you know I was about to run back
and forth of the flag before me his
segment would Fat Joe that was a good
one you guys I love you I love Bill
Kristol and city slickers man okay you
know I like that you guys seem like like
actual be viewers because you're ever
NSYNC all kinds of stuff that's
happening I watch it Jesus and marrow
congratulations on your show thanks for
coming by the beat and fallback Friday
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
