no foreign policy to buy deflection of
pornstar stories will it guys to go well
I'm looking at these New York papers as
well no mention of stormy Daniels here
in the front page of The New York Times
and certainly no mention on the front
page of the New York Post where they're
calling it the Kim and I so Sam Stein I
guess to believe that there's some type
of a deal to be had between the United
States and North Korea typically
obviously a high-level meeting like this
the highest possible level meaning this
deal would be wired already there'd be
something that we had agreed to and that
the he had agreed to as well but you
have to believe that North Korea willing
to give up its nuclear program the one
thing that's given it any power and
prestige over the last several years
why on earth would Kim jong-un give up
his nuclear program and be left with
frankly nothing it's a good question
I don't I don't know if he will I think
what Joe was talking about with the Iran
nuclear deal and Obama is actually a
fairly good reflection point in parallel
to look at this I went back and read
some of the reporting there now first of
all Obama in 2007
announced that he would agree to meet
with people without preconditions by
accident that's a it's a funny story
from the campaign he had it meant that
at his policy position but he went out
and he said it and then appalled really
well and he stuck to it in reality he
never actually met with leaders without
preconditions the drink plan of action
for Iran was something that was
negotiated over the course of you could
say four or five maybe six years they
had back-channel negotiations than the
p5 plus one and they set the
preconditions for ultimately meeting in
Geneva to finalize the deal what we're
seeing now is sort of the inverse of
that we have the high-level meeting to
start the negotiations and that is
difficult it's tricky you have to figure
out there's a whole host of
contingencies and details you have to
hammer out you know you could talk about
denuclearization but how do you do
verification for instance what is the
process of sanctions relief if that is
indeed the trade off so there are so
many variables good that are going to be
accompanying Trump to this meeting and I
just want to stress he does not have the
staff our infrastructure in place really
at this point to handle is very
we still don't have an ambassador to
South Korea right now yeah so he'll be
going out there without really much of a
diplomatic team to help accompany him
this is a high-wire act that Steve
talked about there's a potential that
could go really well I mean people who
have been really worried about the pace
of us North Korea negotiations who felt
like it was gonna end in a military
confrontation this is good this is
diplomacy but it could end really badly
because the stakes have been just
ratcheted up to 11
to borrow a phrase by Donald Trump and
you know there's very little net under
the tightrope here we've been we've been
around we've been seeing this guy on the
national stage now long enough to know
that so often it's just all talk it's
all bluster he talks about the art of
the deal the deal never comes through
yes all bluster about the wall there's
not gonna ever be a deal well Joe do you
think he'll actually meet him yeah
that's my question is do you think this
media can say yes because he will do
what is easy he won't read a one-sheet
on North Korea he won't figure out how
the United States has been fooled the
past four presidents have been fooled
since 1994 or the past three presidents
he does the easy things and if he can
get him at moral hago even better but he
talks about though the wall but there's
no deal for the wall right he was gonna
be the greatest deal maker he talked
about immigration reform remember you go
out and you give me a deal on expansive
comprehensive reform everybody's smiling
around the table but it's all bluster
there's no deal because he doesn't know
how to make a deal and then you have the
same thing with guns he went out a
couple of weeks ago and promised he was
going to do all these vague is the
family in the White House mom on live
television mocked Republicans saying
that they were scared of the NRA it ends
up he's scared of the NRA he's petrified
of NRA so again all talk all bluster no
deal because he is horrible at making
deals that's why the man ended up nine
billion dollars in debt and so now
deal with North Korea no this is again
people don't even make a deal with a
pornstar he doesn't even design the
papers of the deal that he'd stroke
advisor what about that by the way
that's exactly right he can't even draft
and his lawyer can't even draft a
competent deal to keep a porn star quiet
so how is he going out the North Koreans
kind of painful from get from from from
getting nuclear weapons and to answer
this of course not the porn star side of
the story but the North Korean
diplomatic side of the story we're gonna
bring in four pre-human spokesman
nicholas bird's he's a professor of
diplomacy and international relations of
the Harvard Kennedy School of Government
which by the way has no courses this
year in negotiating with porn stars from
your Delaware corporation thank you so
much for being with us Nick would you
like to leave now or you know could you
try to boil this down for for people
that may not understand for good reason
because I think most of us don't
understand everything that goes into
setting up an a meeting like this the
sort of discussions that used to go on
between the Nixon White House and and
the Brezhnev regime or the Nixon White
House and mouthes regime or all of the
START treaty I mean talk about the years
and years of negotiations that were just
frittered away and tossed to the side
last night well this is about as complex
as it gets nuclear weapons North Korea
there's never been a meeting between a
North Korean and American leader going
all the way back to the late 1940s and I
think Jo you have to say it's positive
that the administration is to end North
Korea are turning towards diplomacy and
talks for the next couple of months
because we were heading towards a
collision with them but it's a huge
on the part of President Trump because I
think if Sam was just saying we don't
have an American ambassador in Seoul we
don't have an American Assistant
Secretary of State for East Asia our
greatest expert just retired ambassador
Joe Young last week you need a team and
you need to gain this out it's going to
be a very very difficult negotiation
because kim jung-han is in a strong
position he has nuclear weapons he's
made progress on his nuclear and
ballistic missile tests he's not going
to give these up I think he won't give
them up but he certainly wouldn't give
them up easily so you're looking at
maybe years of negotiations Rex
Tillerson is going to have to advance
this for the president he's gonna have
to go out and probably meet the North
Koreans we're gonna have to be in
lockstep with the South Koreans the
Japanese the Chinese and even our friend
Vladimir Putin because they're part of
this as well as you saw Rex Tillerson
was in Africa yesterday in about an hour
before the announcement he wasn't aware
of this and he said we're a long way
from negotiations with North Korea so
they've got a lot of work to do and you
have to say Kim jong-un is on the
offensive here and everyone's reacting
to him and that's not a good way to
start this Andreea Rex Tillerson had a
rough day today yesterday first of all
he was blindsided by his own president
but he's also trolled by Sergey Lavrov
on social media Rick's tuition is his
advisors are saying well he knew all
along he was just trying to be cautious
and speak very carefully clearly not
wanting to preempt the president's
announcement but the fact is I think
that there was a lot of scrambling at
the White House they themselves the Vice
President was there and and look at the
hard line that the Vice President took
at the Olympics refusing to stand up
that was coordinated with the White
House obviously and
then the snub when you know Kim's sister
refused to meet with pence at the very
last minute standing him up so there's
been a lot of mixed messages my concern
and Nick burns I don't know about yours
but when you think back to 1994 October
18 1994 Bill Clinton comes out and
announces that after 16 months of very
tough talks they had an agreement or a
work agreement and we now now know that
within you know eight years we
discovered how much they were cheating
on that this hasn't been carefully
prepared and we've got a president who
to put it kindly enjoys being flattered
so what happens when these two men with
translators get in a room and the you
have the you know the show of a summit
but is it really wise to go into it at
this level without the preparation and
without joyoung and I think Andrea
that's the big question has never been
done like this before and it's not as if
you have a president like Eisenhower who
was schooled in diplomacy and politics
in the military who knew these issues
this president doesn't read and he
doesn't study and he doesn't prepare and
so he's going to have to have a lot of
support but you're right Andrea the
North Koreans of course cheated on the
agreement they made with President
Clinton when I worked for and I was in
that administration when I worked for
President Bush President George W Bush
made an agreement the North Koreans
skipped out on that so that's their
track record and we ought to believe
that that's what they're gonna do again
and he's looking for Kim jong-un's
looking for legitimacy he's never had a
no American leaders ever met a North
Korean leader he wants that he wants
sanctions relief he wants international
approbation he gets that from the very
first meeting with President Trump so
this is gonna be very degree of
difficulty is off the charts I think
well we go back 1994 is a great example
of just what this president may be
stumbling into you you had Jimmy Carter
going over for Bill Clinton to negotiate
a plan that the entire world thought
actually was was going to do what needed
to be done with North Korea I think
Jimmy Carter even won the Nobel Peace
Prize
efforts and then again eight years later
we find out the North Koreans are
cheating and that's with we have had the
the most skilled diplomats even had a
former president who helped helped your
dad dr. Brzezinski would say negotiating
the Camp David Accords I'm just joking
dr. Burzynski did helped Jimmy Carter
but you you have these brilliant minds
working and they still get duped by the
North Koreans and now here's Donald
Trump stumbling into this to change the
headlines yeah it's a question of why
this time would be any different why you
can trust North Korea this time in a way
we've never been able to trust North
Korea and that's what I would ask you
ambassador is that the goal of this in
the end obviously is to get rid of North
Korea's nuclear program get rid of its
nuclear weapons why would Kim jong-un
agree to that or why would he actually
do it even if he did agree to doing it
when that gives up the only leverage he
has in the world is the fact that he
says he has a nuclear program it gives
him that power and that prestige were
talking about what could president Trump
or anyone in the American government
possibly say to him or provide or offer
him that would convince him to get rid
of his one major holding which is
nuclear weapons and this is gonna be the
major problem here in these negotiations
you know he Kim jong-un knows what
happens to happen to Qaddafi and Saddam
Hussein when they gave up their weapons
of mass destruction they both lost their
lives and lost their regimes in life I
think the goal the North Koreans here is
to legitimize themselves to become more
normal in the international community to
keep their nuclear weapons and maybe
they'll agree the limits and
verification and international insight
into the fact that they have nuclear
weapons and where they're stored I don't
think it makes any rational sense for
the North Koreans to give up those
weapons and that's why if you start at
the summit level with President Trump
and Kim jong-un there's nowhere else to
go
if you fail there
then you're left with nothing and that
may drive you back the whole situation
to the use of military force so this is
a big gamble by the president all right
ambassador Nicholas burns thank you so
much thank you we really appreciate you
being here we need to go to break but
but Andrea just some extraordinary color
yesterday about how this meeting came
together and how haphazard it really was
I mean the New York Times has a lot of
these details the fact that the present
was not supposed to meet the South
Korean delegation the foreign minister
Chung until Friday but he heard that the
delegation was briefing national
security officials in the West Wing and
wanted to talk to them too and so none
of the preparation of calling Prime
Minister Ave that Japanese are very
nervous about this I'm only the South
Koreans and he proposed going ahead with
it right away
Chung was not prepared and said I've got
to check with president moon they got
moon on the phone and he signed off on
it because he's been pushing forward and
so they announced it while Rex Tillerson
was asleep in that well Rex Tillerson
was asleep mica again at noon Willy it
just it really does underline what we've
been saying before the president was
desperate to change the headlines he has
succeeded but it wasn't even a regularly
scheduled meeting he heard that others
were talking to South Korean officials
and he rushed in and basically played
Monty Hall said let's make a deal and by
the way the end of all that was the
president knighted States popping his
head into the briefing room the White
House briefing room which most reporters
think it was the first time they'd seen
him in there and basically saying to
people like Hallie Jackson in the
briefing room hey
seven o'clock big announcement be there
be square out in the driveway and that's
one and that and that's that's the way
it all came to be and the fact that the
State Department the State Department
was cut out of this we can't forget how
extraordinary that is and how it's
unprecedented for a decision this big
now the State Department our closest
allies I'm sure people on the hill
nobody knew about this Donald Trump just
decided but this is a reality TV show
president to change the headline this is
how he rolls this is how we ran the
Trump Organization he has no concept of
how you run
a diplomatic operation and an
enterprises largest in the government
and I'm just kind of drop in to a
meeting you say okay I'll do that and
then you go and do it everyone here
thinks that this is actually gonna
happen now that this decision or this
movement which may have happened like
the New York Times a meeting yeah I
guess not the question there will be a
meeting because that's easy that that's
easy for him to do but just like the
meeting with Dianne Feinstein on guns
was easy to do just like the meeting
with Democrats on immigration was easy
to do he always can do the easy this is
the thing of deflection and he was very
disturbed yesterday and he does not want
his family seeing the porn star on the
front pages of the papers it causes deep
distress to him to have details of that
being revealed by his press cemetery and
it seems that this was this was his
point we have to deflect and if you
don't believe that's the case then again
you don't have to just look at what
happened we know he makes a big
announcement on guns nothing comes up
but he makes a big announcement on
dreamers nothing comes of it he makes a
big announcement on immigration Joe I
think talks about it he makes a big
announcement on transgender nothing
comes of it
he talks about the wall nothing comes of
it I mean that's what he does he just
distracts he's a day trader so yes I
agree with Andrea the meeting will take
place I'll be shocked if anything came
from it so what's up Morning Joe
president Trump brushes off warnings and
concerns from members of his own party
and many US allies and moves forward
with his him with his plan to impose
higher tariffs on steel and aluminum and
former Trump campaign chair Paul
Manafort pleads not guilty to another
indictment and walks out of court
wearing a second ankle bracelets you're
watching Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
