last thing before we leave you in about
three minutes here on the East Coast it
will be gone but for now it is still
Thursday International Women's Day this
is observed every year on March 8th and
its full title is United Nations Day for
women's rights and international peace
the goal is to highlight celebrate
women's achievements throughout history
and across the globe there were
demonstrations and rallies all over to
mark the occasion
crowds marched groups assembled across
the u.s. in London and Paris in Spain
and Italy in Turkey South Korea the
Philippines and India across South
America from Uruguay to Argentina Brazil
and beyond this year more and more
companies also got in on it McDonald's
as you may have seen flipped its famed
golden arches into a W Mattel released
17 limited edition Barbies which do not
resemble the Barbies of the past among
them aviator Amelia Earhart and NASA
mathematician Catherine Johnson there's
also this benchmark on International
Women's Day a record number of women are
running for office in this country
according to Politico at least five
hundred seventy five women have declared
their intention to run for the House the
Senate or governor and there does seem
to be more enthusiasm for one party over
another Politico continues here quote of
the 494 women who have said they're
running for the House and Senate this
year 76 % art Democratic candidates
meanwhile here in New York today that
statue called feel fearless girl on Wall
Street was draped with a bouquet of
flowers while uptown at the United
Nations some powerful messengers
delivered a powerful message with the
revelation that so many women had been
assaulted discriminated against and
generally told to be quiet for fear of
losing opportunity and their job we
decided we were all going to come
together because enough is enough
and time is up what women and girls have
made it through thus far in the world
shows us very clearly women are the more
powerful sex okay because I cannot
believe the things I've heard women say
they've been through and they still keep
going day by day and handle their
business and take care of the children
and invest in their communities and
stand up and make things and make things
better for people around them
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
