the president's words do you think they
have an impact on Brett Kavanaugh s
confirmation I mean there had to be some
calculus some strategy last night before
he took the stage
well Stephanie what we saw was him
reverting to his favorite mode which is
campaign mode
he was even using the same lines when he
was accused of sexual assault by more
than a dozen women during the campaign
he responded in a very similar fashion
right he turned it on 50% of white women
voted for exactly exactly 53 percent of
white women voted for him he had he did
great among young college women he also
got women with college degrees who were
white narrowly and so I think he's made
the calculation that he is going to
rally his base you saw all of those
laughing faces around him and and the
question is going to be will he do so at
the expense of Jeff Flake Lisa Murkowski
and Susan Collins but this is what he
loves to do I mean they were shouting
lock her up who is her right it's fill
in her it's it's the the rage of who is
the falsely accused meanwhile he began
his campaign by saying that Mexico was
sending rapists so I think it's very
clear what the president is doing here
he is saying white people are under
attack
my people are under attack you should
rally behind Brett Cavanaugh who after
all is an elite Republican operative
from Yale Law School his girls they've
got an easy thing when I was listening
to the president talking about you know
mom someone accused me of doing
something horrible a crime I didn't
commit
the people of course I thought over the
Central Park five the the boys who were
innocent and spent years in jail of a
four for a crime they didn't commit in a
sense the president is right we have a
system that is entirely based
necessarily based on a presumption of
innocence the problem in here is that
you have a messenger for you know at
this particular moment for for that
message who could not be a worse
messenger if if actually if Donald Trump
wants to help Brett Kavanaugh the best
thing that he could do is shut up then
what does that do to you you are someone
who just
few days ago wrote an article saying if
we are going to convict someone based on
assumptions we all better worry about
what is in our future and while I have
no angel wings being on fast order for
my future you make a statement like that
and then the president does that doesn't
that put you in a tough spot no no look
I mean I'm what I'm trying to do is be
consistent which is that we have a
presumption of a whole system that's not
just legal and institutional but also
moral and cultural which says that we
opal presumptions of innocence and by
the way we owe that to Brett Kavanaugh
we owe that to Brett Kavanaugh as well
we should not be judging this case on a
believability standard it's why I've
consistently called for a thorough FBI
investigation to do the best we can to
get the at the heart of this allegation
from dr. Ford to that point that Barbara
what is your take that they had a the
the FBI has a full week to do this
investigation and now we're hearing
reports it may be wrapped up as soon as
today and NBC is reporting there could
be 40 people with relevant information
who haven't been contacted and the FBI
doesn't plan to speak to dr. Ford yeah
you know FBI background investigations
are very different from criminal
investigations and in the White House
actually does get to control the
parameters of that and so if they limit
the FBI to who they can talk to or the
number of people they can talk to and we
know they've limited the timeframe then
they can really in some ways even
control the outcome and so my concern is
that if interviewing this small subset
of people they don't find anything
additional that is significant they'll
reach their conclusion and they will
hide behind the fig leaf of an FBI
investigation ordinarily the FBI is
tasked with investigating a topic and
not talking to specific people if the
terms of who they can talk to is
artificially limited in that way then I
don't know that we can really trust the
integrity of the outcome of it and I
think what worries me the most is so if
there's a vote and he is confirmed Brett
Kavanaugh and the Supreme Court will
forever have an asterisk next to their
name if we aren't satisfied that
investigation was complete and you can
bet then in the coming weeks and months
all of those 20 people who are not
contacted by the FBI will be
Media interviews I hear them stories
let's be honest let's see let's say he
gets confirmed and has an asterisk next
to his name Clarence Thomas has an axe
asterisk next to his name and he still
keeps to keep on trucking well I think
that there's a difference between sexual
harassment and sexual assault and I
think there will be believability
questions that will I think tend to
erode the legitimacy of the court and I
think in recent years we have seen that
from Clarence Thomas to Bush v Gore and
now if Brett Kavanaugh is on the court
without satisfying the American public
that there was a full investigation and
his name was truly cleared I think that
there will be this taint and then when
the court is not legitimate what does
that do to people's respect for the law
and I worry that that will continue to
erode as we see this continue to salt on
our institutions okay but mark do you
think the American people will ever be
satisfied because there is so much
politics mired in this you talk about
this you talk about sexual assault and
then within the same conversation people
bring up Merrick garland and while
Merrick garland was treated unfairly
tying Merrick garland to sexual assault
sort of makes me think people are never
going to accept Brett Kavanaugh
irrelevant of what of what the FBI comes
up with well I think people relatively
speaking accepted Neal Gorsuch we
wouldn't be having this conversation if
there weren't these allegations against
Brett Kavanaugh I mean no one people
weren't exactly elated about Neal
Gorsuch mayor Garland was immediately
relevant to that because they got
someone in and blocked President Obama's
nominee but you know I think to 2018 is
also very different from 1990 when
people are more aware what these types
of allegations mean people are more
aware more knowledgeable about
harassment culture and rape culture I I
think and I agree with what Erin said
about what Trump is trying to do in
terms of rallying the base he has
nothing else to lose even if he loses
the confirmation they'll try to keep
that biggest rout up around that issue
going into November because he knows
he's in serious political jeopardy in
the midterms but I never put a lot of
faith myself in the FBI
investigation I just didn't I was always
concerned about that and now that
concern is validated that we're hearing
that the investigation may be over today
and that they did not interview as many
witnesses as they should have I don't
see how one of those circumstances
there's any way that the group of four
that's holding out jeff Flake Collins
Murkowski and Manchin can go forward
with this because there's still too much
stuff out there out there and there's
also political polls that they're
looking at every day so if you're
focused on political polls and how the
country feels about Brett Kavanaugh then
they're really not interested in getting
to the bottom of these sexual assault
claims I want to share what the
president said earlier on yesterday I'd
say that it's a very scary time for
young men in America when you can be
guilty of something that you may not be
guilty of it doesn't necessarily have to
be a woman as everybody say but somebody
could accuse you of something and you're
automatically guilty do you think
there's a lot of men you feel that way
right now look I think it's really
important that there be neutral
processes in which we could evaluate not
just based on who testifies better not
just based on believability but no I do
not think that they're the people men
that Trump is thinking about are not the
ones who are going to be falsely accused
necessarily people like the Central Park
five the immigrants that he defamed with
a sweep of his arm when he announced his
candidacy these are the people who are
going to get the disproportionate brunt
of the criminal justice system and we
still live in a culture where victims
are put on trial I mean look at what the
Senate Judiciary Committee did just in
the last 24 hours they have declined to
interview dr. Christine Blasi Ford again
at the same that FBI has declined to
interview them at the same time that
they are releasing unverified letters
accusing her of lying so if they're
actually interested in getting to the
bottom of it as opposed to just putting
the victim on trial then why don't they
go back and ask her about the claims
made in these letters why are they just
releasing them to the press and so I
think we are much we are still mired in
the same situation that we were in in
1991 we've been
Hill which is to say that victims people
who come forward with stories whether
they're true or not are still more
likely to see their credibility put on
trial but what do you think about what
the president is saying because people
are saying to me every day what do you
think about your sons you know how would
you feel if it were them and and that
question weighs on me look I think
there's some validity to it and you know
looks part of the problem that we have
with Donald Trump and I think with every
demagogue is the demagogues don't
traffic and outright lies they traffic
in half-truths and there is an aspect of
truth to that but to what to what he's
saying that there is suddenly this view
I keep hearing the word you know white
male being used constantly as as a
pejorative there have been many cases
well-documented journalistically by
people like Emily Yaffe of young men
being taken through sort of kangaroo
courts on on campuses and being charged
there's also plenty and we keep hearing
about these white men falsely accused no
no it was quite a few black men who have
been falsely and by the way and and and
Emily Yaffe covers that brilliantly in
the Atlantic so I think that that has to
be taped that has to aspect has to be
taken seriously it's really incumbent
especially now and I say this especially
among journalists to try to be as fair
and thoughtful and judicious as we can
because we've seen a lot of journalism
right now being committed in the
Cavanaugh case that shouldn't reach
print allegations that are coming out of
that are that are thinly sourced and are
suddenly front page news that actually
hurts our credibility in the long term
it's really a fee if you want to read
her piece I don't buy into that white
male victimization that Trump is talking
about if he was talking about Trayvon
Martin's family or Tamir Rice's or
laQuan McDonald's etc Sandra Bland's for
that matter well put in context though
the false accuser cross players were
accused to break they didn't rape that's
one example out of 100 years
absolutely but but but even not they're
not equal and and and not that you're
doing this but there was a whole
industry that blew up even on 4chan
behind
that case that was then used to bring
some level of false equivalency of white
male victimization what is really going
on is that white men who are claiming
victimization are faced with the
comeuppance of women finally having the
courage to speak up so every man who
says he's victimized by a case having to
do with sexual harassment sexual assault
what he's really saying is he is opposed
to women finally speaking with their own
voices and charging them with what women
for the past century not the past
century but from 1865 1965 were
manipulated into charge and black men
with so that they could be summarily
lynched and executed the way Donald
Trump won in the Central Park five
Samaritan lynching executed this is a
war on the part of the Cavanaugh's and
the Trump's of the world and their
support is this is a war against women
speaking up and telling the truth all
right I want to ask you quickly before
we go Barbara I want to get to some of
the facts that are coming out about
Cavanagh New York Times published a
letter a 1983 letter letter in which
Kavanaugh tells his friends they about
Beach week remember Beach week Ralph
remember when he said it was about you
know he got sick from spicy foods where
he says they should warn neighbors that
these guys are quote obnoxious drunks
and prolific pukers now that might seem
like nothing and for everyone out there
who's going didn't lots of people party
in high school in college how big of a
deal is it that Brett Kavanaugh did rep
misrepresent who he was in high school
in college and that's why we're getting
this onslaught of information whether
it's letters like this or students I
mean dude students from Georgetown Prep
in the last week come out and say who he
represented himself as and that
testimony isn't the guy I know yeah I
think the big disconnect that we have
between people in the debate is let's
remember this is not a criminal trial I
think people are thinking that you know
we're presumed innocent and guilt beyond
a reasonable doubt no this is a job
interview and for someone to lie
especially someone who is going to be an
officer of the court those lives matter
now did he lie or not as a matter of
fact and needs to be learned but if he
did lie that's a very big deal in in the
we charge people with crimes for that
for perjury and for false statements to
be the person who is above all of the
courts in the land it's very important
and so I do think it's significant and
worthy of investigation that let it's
proof of perjury disqualifies him from
the court completely it is proof because
he signed it Bart and when he was asked
is your who is Bart he said you have to
ask mark judge I mean it's just a fact
lady asked him are you Bart and he would
acknowledge that he's Bart this is
signed Bart that's perjury
accumulation a juror and I remember
boasting about drinking much more than I
actually did how did you say just a
second these letters are not dispositive
yeah man I was drunk I was so wasted I
wasn't and so we should take these
letters with a grain of salt this is why
this into an adolescent state of mind
stolen emails take the letters with a
grain of salt and then when Brett
Kavanaugh gets up and testifies you know
what he could say you know what like
every other dude in high school I was
full of it
I talked a bigger game than I actually
had but alas he didn't he said he just
played basketball and went to church
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
