well first there was fire and fury
Michael was best-selling worldwide
best-selling book detailing white house
chaos which led to Robert Muller
interviewing the book's main source
Steve Mann and then Christopher
Whipple's update to his book the
gatekeepers focused on former chief of
staff Reince Priebus and revealed how
Priebus reportedly reversed the
president's order firing Attorney
General Jeff Sessions an important
revelation to a possible obstruction of
justice case against Donald Trump surely
that book was of interest to the special
prosecutor and today Robert Muller has a
new must read book david korn and
Michael Isikoff Russian roulette they
released the first excerpt from their
upcoming book which sheds new light on
Donald Trump's ties to Russia
particularly the time period around 2013
and the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow
you got the the Miss Universe pageant
you're gonna hold her head in in Russia
that's an coincide with the upcoming
Olympics in then right exactly and have
you had any dealings with the Russians
while I've done a lot of business with
the Russians Lattimore food have you
ever met the guy I met him once yes that
was the longest necktie in the history
of the David Letterman Show
according to corn and Isikoff in Russian
Roulette they could find no evidence
that Donald Trump met Vladimir Putin but
there is plenty of evidence that Donald
Trump was eager to meet Vladimir Putin
for months before telling David
Letterman that he met Vladimir Putin
wants Donald Trump tweeted do you think
Putin will be going to the Miss Universe
pageant in November and Moscow if so
will he become my new best friend
my new best friend that was Donald
Trump's ambition for Vladimir Putin
that's how what he wanted Vladimir Putin
to become in his life his new best
friend according to Russian Roulette
Trump had for years longed to develop a
glittering Trump Tower in Moscow Trump
realized he could attain none of his
dreams in Moscow without forging a bond
with the former KGB lieutenant-colonel
who was the President of Russia Vladimir
Putin did not attend the Trump Miss
Universe pageant in Moscow but shortly
after Donald Trump returned from Moscow
a billionaire Russian real estate
developers daughter quote showed up at
the Miss Universe office in New York
City bearing a gift for Trump from Putin
it was a black lacquered box inside was
a sealed letter from the Russian
autocrat what the letter said has never
been revealed
if special prosecutor Robert Muller
didn't know about that letter before
reading about it today in that excerpt
of the new book Russian roulette
the special prosecutor will surely want
to get his hands on that letter now the
book reveals a meeting in Trump Tower in
January 2015
that was a precursor to the meeting in
Trump Tower with a group of Russians
during the presidential campaign in
January 2015 nearly a year after Putin's
invasion in Ukraine Trump had Eman
Aguilera and Rob Goldstone as guests to
his office top is office in from tower a
meeting that was never publicly revealed
during the investigations that followed
the 2016 election while they chatted
Trump was encouraging Eman who had
performed at the Miss Universe contest
in 2013 maybe next time you'll be
performing at the White House 17 months
later in June 2016 Goldstone would
return to Trump Tower this time
escorting a Russian led delegation
dispatched by the aguillera offs
offering potentially derogatory
information on Hillary Clinton courtesy
of the Kremlin to the top officials of
trumps presidential campaign Donald
Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort
was in that meeting in in Trump Tower
hoping to get dirt on Hillary Clinton
and today Paul Manafort picked up a
second ankle bracelet he pleaded not
guilty in a Virginia federal court to
charges of tax fraud bank fraud and
conspiracy that is a separate case to
the one Paul Manafort has already
pleaded not guilty in and so the
second not-guilty flea earned him a
second ankle bracelet today prosecutor
Andrew Weissman who is the tax expert on
the special prosecutors team said in
court today that the prosecution is
ready to go to trial soon adding this
about the mana for tax fraud case quote
I don't think it's complicated manna
forts defense lawyer countered with I
think it is complicated he asked that
the trial be delayed until at least
November the judge set a trial date of
July 10th a Washington DC Court had
already set a trial date of September
17th for the first set of indictments
returned against Paul manna for joining
us now Curt Anderson host of the public
radio program studio 360 and the author
of the book Fantasyland how America went
haywire also Ellis Eugene Robinson
Pulitzer Prize winning opinion writer
for The Washington Post and an MSNBC
political analyst and David Cay Johnston
Pulitzer Prize winning journalist who
founded DC report org he's the author of
the book it's even worse than you think
what the Trump administration is doing
to America and David I want to start
with you as a student of Trump
businesses what we learned today in the
Russian Roulette excerpt is I think as
as clear an explanation of trumps
attitude toward Russian Russian
sanctions as we've seen yet and because
those sanctions come while he was in the
middle of trying to set up this deal for
a Trump Tower in Moscow when that
collapsed because of the sanctions Rob
Goldstone is is quoted in the book
saying Rob Goldstone suspected the
demise of Trump's project with the
Aguilera influence Trump's view of
sanctions they had interrupted a
business deal that Trump was keenly
interested in David that seems like a
pretty simple explanation of the Trump
attitude toward sanctions yeah and I
think it's a very logical and sensible
explanation
it helps us also understand some of the
antipathy that Donald Trump has for the
Obama administration because if he
thought he was about to get this deal
that he had longed for and lusted for
for so long and it comes apart that
it's going to upset them and I have to
tell you the excerpt is I feel like you
know if we were gold miners we've
suddenly noticed there's a whole new
vein off in another direction that we
need to start digging through because
there's a lot more gold here to be mined
and Jane there are details about setting
up the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow
and what's involved in that there's one
quote here saying we all and this is
someone from the pageant saying we all
knew that the event was approved by
Putin a Miss Universe official later
said you can't pull off something like
this in Russia unless Putin says it's
okay Trump would only be making money in
Russia because Putin was permitting him
to do so and Jean that there we see
where Donald Trump's first real
engagement with Putin world occurred
yeah we do I mean I think my
understanding of the way Russia works
that's certainly true he don't make that
kind of money and put on that sort of is
that in in Moscow without his permission
and his support but the letter in the
black lacquered box that's what I wanna
see by Guiness I mean that's a that's
amazing you know maybe it was just you
know sorry I missed you in Moscow you
know we'll run into each other some
other time or maybe it was something
more substantive than that but I I
certainly want to see that letter I
guess Robert Moeller goes to yes and
there's real detail in here about what
the financing was going to be for this
office build this Trump Tower in Moscow
and the the book excerpt says this about
it it says the state-owned spur Bank
announced it had struck a strategic
cooperation agreement with the crocus
group to finance about 70 percent of a
project that would include a tower
bearing the Trump name if the deal went
ahead Trump would officially be doing
business in Moscow with the Russian
government a letter of intent to build
the new Trump Tower was signed by the
Trump Organization a Negril ahrefs
company Donald Trump jr. was placed in
charge of the project and Kurt Anderson
it was those Obama sanctions that
ended at all well it was the Obama
sanctions and of course coming after
both the incursion and takeover of
Crimea as well as the incursion into
Ukraine simultaneously three months
after the Miss Universe pageant in
Moscow where Donald Trump was and was
desperate according to this book to meet
Vladimir Putin which didn't happen then
but so one can see in terms of just that
quick adjacency of the Miss Universe
pageant his hopes high and then it all
falling apart because his his would-be
pal Putin invaded both Crimea and and
Ukraine the other thing about this book
that I find the answer from the book
that I find so interesting is the Rob
Goldstone bit who was there in Las Vegas
making the deal for the for the Miss
Universe pageant in Moscow five months
before the Miss Universe pageant and
then of course he's there again in 2015
and of course then again at the famous
June 2016 meeting Rob Dodson has seemed
like a kind of comic secondary character
but I am more interested than ever in
him of course he's already testified
apparently to the to the Senate
Intelligence Committee and has
reportedly expressed a willingness to
talk to Muller I'll be interested to see
how he figures i I have a hunch that he
may be more than simply this funny comic
relief character in this whole story
yeah David I share a Kurt's view of
goldstone as he emerges in this book and
he he seems to be a cooperative source
for this book but he is in the room in
some of the key moments well and the
comfort and familiarity that the Trump's
have with goldstone as we saw in the
emails from June of 2016
suggests that there's a lot more
connection here than we're aware of yeah
and and Jane of course Donald Trump his
involvement in a beauty pageant has many
dimensions it's not just about making
money
he also involved himself in personally
picking the win
I want to read this passage of it this
is this was Trump's chance to review the
contestants and exercise an option he
always retained under the rules of his
pageants to overrule the selection of
judges and pick the contestants he
wanted among the finalists in short no
woman was a finalist until Trump said so
if there were too many women of color he
would make changes a Miss Universe
Stafford later noted if he didn't like a
woman because she looked too ethnic you
could sometimes persuade him by telling
him she was a princess and married to a
football player a staffer later
explained such as the view of beauty
through Donald Trump's eyes gee you know
why am I not surprised but just kind of
the the way you would imagine Donald
Trump would would comport himself
running a beauty pageant and and
speaking of Donald Trump comporting
himself you know there's also the
question of what extracurricular
activities he got up to in in in his
time in Moscow and you know maybe maybe
there are our characters in the story
who can throw more light on that that
hasn't already been covered by the by
the dossier so let's ask mr. Goldstone
and others about that as well
yeah and Kurt Keith Schiller's story is
in this book in that night in Moscow
where he says he stood outside the door
of the hotel room for a while to make
sure that no one went in there but then
at a certain point he left and he can't
say what happened in that hotel room for
the entire night well and again it's
interesting isn't it this this this
weekend of the Miss USA pageant Las
Vegas where this deal was signed and and
settled with with the goldstone with the
aguillera mr. Lara it was just the
Tuesday following that weekend where
Donald Trump does what is to me his
famous tweet saying well will vitamin
Putin become my bet new best friend as
you mentioned at the beginning of the
show when I go to Moscow so the V
adjacency of this is one more instance
of you can't make it up it's
it's so beyond any fictional version of
reality but as as we find with Donald
Trump with revelation after revelation
it is it is it's extraordinary
I mean the if you were looking not to
leave a trail of suspicious activity
this is the opposite of that procedure
Curt Anderson David Cay Johnston Gene
Robinson thank you all for joining us
tonight really appreciate hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
