welcome back as we mentioned earlier in
the show I'm pretty fired up about the
possibility of a pretty interesting
primary race in New York City in all of
New York between New York Governor
Andrew Cuomo and former Sex in the City
star Cynthia Nixon Cuomo actually poked
fun at the idea of a celebrity opponent
while speaking to reporters this week
saying quote normally name recognition
is relevant when it has some connection
to the endeavor but if it's just about
name recognition then I'm hoping that
blur Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and
Billy Joel don't get into the race
because if it's just about name
recognition that would really be a
problem
well hey after 2016 we know we can't
dismiss celebrities turn politicians
from New York too quickly so joining me
now is our national political
correspondent for MSNBC and someone who
surely knows the ins and outs of New
York politics particularly New York City
politics sometimes as well mr. Kornacki
how are you buddy doing pretty good yes
very excited for the possibility of a of
a Nixon race in New York all right
there's a couple things going on here
obviously this is Andrew Cuomo sees the
Cynthia Nixon trial balloon as being all
about Bill DeBlasio essentially finding
a candidate to challenge him in a
primary is he right
yeah I mean look Cynthia Nixon she is
known to most people as an actress but
she is a political activist as well she
was a supporter a very public supporter
of Bill de Blasio's campaign when he ran
for mayor back in 2013 more to the point
there's reports this week that she's now
in contact with having discussions about
this potential candidacy with two former
campaign aides to bill de blasio so
that's maybe the surest sign yet and
bill de blasio and he's asked about this
he is saying nothing he is doing nothing
that would discourage the possibility
the talk of Cynthia Nixon getting in
this yeah ad you just have this very
very deep-seated antipathy between de
Blasio and Cuomo it goes beyond the
normal tug between a New York City Mayor
and in New York governor and you add
this to it it surely looks like an
extension of that you said it goes
beyond the normal tug between a governor
and a mayor in New York which yes there
is
sometimes governor's hate to be
outshined by the mayor
sometimes it's funding issues sometimes
because they're in two different parties
what what's the extra special sauce here
in this viewed the extra special thing
is there's sort of two
wings of the Democratic Party bill de
blasio represents this sort of insurgent
progressive force that's kind of come of
age first during the Obama
administration and really I think during
this sort of resistance to the Trump
administration it is defiantly
progressive to finally liberal very
invested in in liberal cultural economic
politics and Andrew Cuomo it's
interesting because I think one of the
things people don't necessarily
understand about him is you think of the
Cuomo name you think of his father Mario
Cuomo who was a big liberal hero in the
80s and 90s he was the liberal
alternative Kornacki to Bill Clinton's
exact wasn't going to be the liberal
alternative to Bill Clinton and there's
that day in 1991 when Mario Cuomo leaves
the plane idling on the tarmac in Albany
does not get in the race in Bill Clinton
becomes president the PostScript that's
relevant to right now in New York is
that Andrew Cuomo leaves his father in
Albany when Bill Clinton gets elected
president and works for the Clinton
administration in the 1990s and
politically Andrew Cuomo is very much a
product of the Clinton administration
and the politics of the 90s and that is
centrism and that is Democrats having a
relationship with Wall Street and
business and not going too far on those
cultural issues and that's the tension
between the Cuomo wing and Albany and
the de Blasio wing and instead I why do
I think this is gonna be an
extraordinarily close primary why does
it feel like that Andrew Cuomo has a
hard ceiling it's probably over 50 he
can get there but this isn't gonna be
easy is it so don't forget this in 2014
Cuomo runs for re-election he lost a
couple dozen counties in the Democratic
primary in 2014 to a progressive
advocate activists very little money
very little support that challenge could
have gotten a lot worse for him but de
Blasio stepped in and bailed out Cuomo
at a key convention in New York de
Blasio is already saying he's not doing
that again so if that progressive
activist could win those counties and
get about 35% yeah
if this gets real in terms of money in
terms of her interest this could get a
lot more serious for Cuomo and I'll tell
you this dem there's a lot of democratic
energy and in New York they don't have a
lot of Republicans to focus our energy
on Andrew Cuomo may realize he's who get
they who he's who they may focus his
energy on anyway Steve Kornacki
it's gonna be quite a race for us to
follow in our backyards anyway thank you
very much up ahead a second chance to
look back on the lives that truly
mattered
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
