much another new report that was out
earlier today suggested a special
counsel Robert Muller's investigation is
uncovering more ties between Trump world
and Russia
Cornie the Washington Post Muller has
gathered evidence that a secret pre
inauguration meeting in the Seychelle
Islands in the Indian Ocean between
Trump confidant Eric Prince and a
Russian official was an effort to
establish a back-channel between the
incoming administration and the Kremlin
now it's not what Prince the founder of
the private security company Blackwater
told the House Intelligence Committee
about the meeting last year he said the
meeting was purely coincidental and he
was working with the UAE folks and they
somehow were on the seychelles and they
ran into this guy meanwhile a Kremlin
connection of another sort this one out
of England where Scotland Yard says
someone tried to murder former Russian
spies Sergey scruple with a nerve agent
Russia is the prime suspect Sergei
screep Hall was jailed by Russia for
secretly assisting British intelligence
then sent to the UK in a spy swap now
the Kremlin denies any involvement in
the intended murder but a former mi6
agent tells NBC News that the case has
the hallmarks of putin's involvement so
joining me now NBC News global
correspondent bill Neely and Michael
McFaul former US ambassador Russia and
of course at NBC News and MSNBC
international affairs analyst bill let
me start with you this is not the first
time a Russian expat of sorts has been
mysteriously killed in the UK and
there's a lot of Russian expats in the
UK what's going on here what's the
latest yeah you're right in 2006
Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned with
radioactive polonium here in London so
if you like Russia has form and the
working assumption of the British police
the security services and it would now
appear the British government is that
this was a state assassination attempt
by Russia Prime Minister Theresa May
mentioning that possibility today very
openly by talking about what she'd do if
it's proved that this is state-sponsored
I mean there is an if there but it's
also not clear that a very rare and
nerve agent was used
to try to kill Sergey scrape all that
information also came from the British
government and it's possibly not VX or
salmon something even rarer and that
means it's really very unlikely that a a
criminal mafia or criminals were behind
this they just don't have the ready
supplies of those chemical weapons so
Chuck the classic criminal questions are
the usual ones who had the motive who
had the means the opportunity the
determination the expertise and a rare
nerve agent to do this and fingers
clearly are now pointing at Russia if
they ask you this it's Christopher steel
another former mi6 agent obviously these
days very well known due to the infamous
ghost Steel dossier any any factual
connection yet nothing nothing that's
proved there is a possibility that there
is one person that they have in common
but to be quite frank chuck in in the
london world and in the world where you
know you've got russians both former
intelligence agents business people
oligarchs coming in and out of the city
all the time I'd have to say that's not
unusual the biggest evidence at the
moment is the poison I mean in the
liquor use detectives literally followed
the radioactive trail from a teapot to
London streets and to a plane back to
Moscow and they identified the two
likely killers so at the moment the
poisons the thing Mike McFaul former
ambassador to Russia this fits a pattern
of what it seems as if Russians the
Russian government takes uses a special
way to kill X expats don't they well
again we don't know the full details I
want to underscore that we're just
speculating but again if you do - let's
do a Venn diagram here Chuck and in our
first circle let's put all the people
that might have a motive to kill a 66
year old pensioner originally from
Russia who then served as a UK spy and
then in the other circle let's put the
means who has nerve agents
when you put those two circles together
there's a pretty small group left and
your Venn diagram that's probably the
Russian government and then to add to
yeah
I was involved in his spy swap when I
worked at the White House he was
allegedly I should be careful here to
not reveal any state secrets but
allegedly was spying for the British
government he was arrested in jail in
Russia and then in 2010 when we
discovered those sleeper cells remember
right there's about a dozen Russian
agents here undercover working as
Americans so subsequently there's a TV
show based after them and we swapped
them for four individuals including mr.
screw Paul so Vladimir Putin's had a
history where it seems as if people that
have opposed him a lot of them turned
that when when they turn up dead it's an
unusual way that they die this has been
a is there just a fascination inside the
KGB or now FSB with using nerve agents
well I'd say two things one there's been
multiple ways that people have died
tragically remember Boris Nemtsov was
assassinated in a very more conventional
way outside of the the Kremlin walls and
I want to keep underscoring that we
don't know for sure who was behind that
that's still an unsolved assassination
but number two you know when somebody's
killed with nerve agents or plutonium or
these kind of things the Russian
government is not gone bending over
backwards to say this is such a tragic
loss we really hope we get to the bottom
of it they're kind of saying oh by the
way remember he was a British spy that's
what the the UK embassy tweeted today
they didn't say anything about
condolences and it's a kind of
in-your-face thing like I would daring
the Western community and daring the UK
authorities to do something about it
what would be I want to go to the
Seychelles story a minute what would be
a plausible explanation to you of why
the Trump administration would want to
have
a back-channel with the Kremlin via the
UAE plausible now you're really pressing
my imagination check ok well then that
that you're giving the answer I mean
does that yeah thing just look
suspicious to you well the first thing
it just it seems incompetent to me it
seems like people that don't know how
diplomacy works I know the gentleman
that that allegedly was at that meeting
Kirill Dimitri F he you know he runs a
Russian fun fully owned and controlled
by the Russian government
he knows Putin but that's not the way to
do diplomacy but as we know from other
stories including what Jared Kushner
tried to do to set up his own
back-channel those around the Trump
administration and during the transition
have you know shall we say unusual ideas
about how to do diplomacy alright Mike
McFaul bill neely I have to leave it
there I tell you if this were a crime
thriller it would be really interesting
to follow but this is real life thank
you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
