you've got this guy who's basically
rolled in with a sledgehammer and and
then the question is what happens next I
think I I think
you know what happens in Nexus children
get separated from their parents at the
border and they and the Health
Department of Health and Human Services
can't figure out whose parents are which
belong to which child or Puerto Rico
gets hit by a hurricane and they can't
figure out how many people were killed
or on tax day the IRS computer shutdown
you're seeing this I think very slow
moving and therefore very kind of hard
to attend to crisis
best-selling author Michael Lewis
yesterday on Morning Joe listing the
very real impacts from the lack of
experience in all corners of the Trump
administration high on that list
immigration and a pair of new DHS
reports from the Office of the Inspector
General on just how badly that
incompetence played into the family
separation crisis at the border and
joining us now ms NBC correspondent
Jacob Soboroff who's been on this story
from the very beginning and and you
wonder Jacob maybe you can tell us is it
incompetence leading to inhumanity or
just plain inhumanity at this point I
have to tell you Mika is basically these
two new reports confirmed the horrifying
details that you and I and Joe and all
of us have talked a lot about and
unfortunately I got to see with my own
eyes it took the administration months
to get there but this department
Homeland Security Office of Inspector
General report the first one basically
says the administration was not prepared
for this family separation policy and
sort of the practices that they put into
place made this policy far worse we
heard a lot about kids not being in
cages well the report says not only were
kids in cages but they were in these
cages for longer than the 72 hour period
that anybody is supposed to be kept in
these Border Patrol holding cells we
were told in this report that the
computer database that the
administration said was supposed to be
there in order to reunite these children
and keep track of them never actually
existed in the first place and we were
told as well that the idea that people
were being turned away from ports of
entry and then
going and crossing illegally because of
administration policy wasn't true well
it turns out that also was true so with
all these lines that we got fed from the
administration over the summer this
report basically tears apart and then
just quickly I want to talk about this
other report that also came out on the
same day about the nation's largest
private immigration detention facility
is called Adelanto and it's here in
Southern California just really
sickening stuff I've also been inside
that facility probably the worst detail
of that one is nooses were found inside
detainees cells and we know that
separated father's many separated
fathers were actually held inside this
facility inadequate medical care
inadequate detention facilities and
increasing segregation isolation for
these people were looking some of those
News's there I've got to actually go
inside there and talk to one of the
separated fathers that was inside
Adelanto just a few weeks ago and take a
look at this mica that's what he told me
you see you're happy but you've spent
months here in detention and Adelanto
you had you known and not sign this you
could have been back together with your
son much earlier you're sitting here in
your orange jumpsuit you know and your
prison clothes with your wristband do
you know what's it what is it like to be
here I mean how do you feel
had to have been here all summer I feel
like why did they deceive me with this
paperwork they didn't explain exactly
what it was I wouldn't have suffered all
this time being separated from my son
and you know that's one story there are
two over 2600 stories of kids being
separated these conditions are things we
reported all summer long and now we this
is America this is what we're hearing
from the Donald Trump administration
Yemi SHhhh these two reports tell us
that the Department of Homeland Security
wasn't ready for this child separation
policy and at the end of the conditions
were terrible inside some of these
facilities but what if what if these two
reports tell you about what could be
going on now with hundreds of kids who
were moved into these tents in Texas
where there's no schooling and no legal
separation no legal representation yes
so you meet what you're talking about is
Tornillo that giant tent city
down on the border in Texas I was just
down there a week and a half ago and the
population in that facility is exploding
and that is because again of the
policies the Trump administration that
intimidate parents many of whom are
undocumented from picking up their
children from these detention facilities
Tornillo as we reported way back over
the summer as well is on federal
property it's at the port of entry there
which means that that facility is not
required to have state and local
inspections like other Health and Human
Services facilities so the children that
are in there are not subject to the same
oversight the same rules and regulations
and the quality of care that they might
get elsewhere so lots of questions still
about that facility I think there's
about 1,600 kids there today that we
don't know the answer to Jacob Soboroff
thank you very much for staying on this
thank you very much Willie thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
