President Vladimir Putin spoke very
highly of the American president today
in an interview with a Russian
journalist Putin said Trump made a very
good impression on him adding quote it's
possible to negotiate with him to search
for compromises but notably following
the unanimous finding that Russia
meddled in our election something even
our own president now admits Putin took
a shot at the US government saying he
was disappointed in the American
political system adding quote it has
demonstrated its inefficiency and has
been eating itself up focus on that last
line there as we welcome Peter Baker
back to the broadcast before he joined
the New York Times he was among other
things Moscow Co bureau chief for The
Washington Post he's a man with a lot of
experience in that corner of the world
Peter are these good days to be Vladimir
Putin and we caution that translation
can do a lot of things us Russian
Russian to English so take everything
with a grain of salt but we get the gist
there well we do I think and these are
good days to be environment Putin in
just a little over a week he's about to
be reelected almost nobody doubts that
he's got the election all wrapped up
because in fact there is no real
competition and everything is under his
control so he is playing out these days
in before the election in an interesting
way he's toggling back and forth between
sort of an anti-american tone which he
took last week when he introduced this
new supposedly new nuclear missile that
they plan to roll out and he used in
fact animation showing such a missile
attacking what Florida where the
President of the United States has a
vacation home and then today and this
week he says he likes president Trump
he's got good relations with him he can
do business with him so he's he's
playing on on our dysfunction at the
moment and he's not wrong to say that
there the system here is eating itself
up to some extent just end and to a
large extent he has some responsibility
for that according to the intelligence
agencies you know I wish I had his
quotes in front of me we had retired
four-star general Barry McCaffrey on our
broadcast late last week for a little
bit of a reality check on Russia all of
the stats he used would be familiar to
you he called them something like a
fourth rate military power with one
functioning aircraft carrier and their
societal problems and on and on and on
and the point was I think that all of
this has elevated them way beyond their
global rank they've taken on such an
importance in American life did you ever
think in your American life you'd see
that day come well it's interesting
right they're not the Soviet Union they
don't have the global reach they don't
have this sort of superpower status they
don't certainly have the economic power
they once did and yet they are playing
on a big stage and they're playing in
lots of different corners of the world
they're playing not just here in our
country and our political debate they're
playing in Syria in the Middle East
they're playing in Iran they're playing
in the Far East with North Korea and we
saw in the last 48 hours there seem to
be playing once again possibly even in
our own ally of Britain where are the
poisoning of a former Russian spy has
now been confirmed by Scotland Yard and
the question is is it a repeat of what
Russia did a few years back with
Alexander Litvinenko and the polonium
poisoning episode so they seem to be
able to create a great impact for low
cost and that's one that's one of the
things that they have been trying to
specialize in the last few years given
their limited resources and won't that
take all of the West's ganging together
to stop it and won't stopping at first
take an aggressive move by the United
States and more specifically the
president of these United States well we
heard the president say something
interesting yesterday he did say in his
press conference with the Swedish Prime
Minister that Russia did in fact meddle
in the election in 20 that was a big 16
it was a big deal that of course he said
of course other people might have
meddled as well he kind of minimized it
to some extent and then he said he's
going to make sure it doesn't happen in
2018 but he didn't say exactly how and
he didn't exactly condemn Russia's for
doing he didn't say this is an outrage
is something we consider a violation of
our sovereignty he didn't say he would
bring this up with Vladimir Putin and in
some more robust way remember the last
time he and Vladimir Putin talked about
he said Putin denied it and that he the
president United States was inclined to
accept that denial which of course very
few others in washing
to do so we're in this sort of odd place
right now with Russia where they're not
certainly a friend but the president
States is trying to make sure they
doesn't treat them like an enemy either
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
