Jon Jon Meacham
I guess you would say that like so many
other things nationalism is a good
starter but probably a pretty poor
finisher it is you know a nationalist
venerates it in one's own people and
usually a narrow slice of those people
and fails to recognize the broader place
of a country in the world and also puts
actual power at the centre of your
hierarchy about the top of your
hierarchy of values there's a
fundamental difference between
patriotism and nationalism I think I'm
right and professor cloud can check me
this that when Samuel Johnson said that
patriotism is the refuge of scoundrels
he really meant nationalism and I think
that it's wonderful I mean occasionally
although we've been told I'm gonna try
to say this as much as possible that
there's no proof of anything right the
new Trump doctrine and I think it's
gonna look really good on the library
wall at mar-a-lago in the fullness of
time you have this admission that what
the president is doing here is dealing
out of a familiar blessedly not
particularly American but a familiar
playbook of putting the putting identity
and a very specific kind of identity at
the top of his hierarchy of values and
that's why you have the anxiety about
immigration I'll say quickly I thought
so
the the the worries about immigration
it's a that's a symptom not a cause hmm
right I mean the Joe was talking about
what Democrats have to say this is about
it seems to me enduring and now almost
permanent exile
about the stability and access to the
middle class and you're looking and
basically white folks are looking for
someone to blame for the fact that they
feel that their opportunities have been
limited and immigration is just the
particular manifestation of that but
Jonathan Lemire you've been reporting
The Associated Press has been reporting
though that this great blue sand ami
that everybody had talked about now is
going to be a trickle and if there's a
question of whether there's going to be
a blue wave at all and we just heard
Jeremy Peters talking about how a
moderate in Iowa was questioned
repeatedly about the caravan I'm getting
texts from friends and family members
that are texting me about the caravan
they really do believe that it is on the
border of Mexico and it's gonna be
showing up at their mall somewhere in
western Des Moines by mid afternoon
that's right I mean making predictions
after 2016 seems like a bit of a fool's
game but certainly it's strategists that
myself and my colleagues we've talked to
them both parties suggest that yes the
blue the idea of the Blue Wave seems to
have been slowing down the repartee feel
like the Republicans are gonna keep
control of the Senate the house still
certainly favors the Democrats but it
could instead of being a landslide it
could just be the fate could be decided
by a couple of seats it could end up
being very very close and yes the the
caravan here is something that the
president you know after seeing on fox
news after talking to allies or taking
some cues from people like former
Speaker Newt Gingrich has really seized
upon as his closing argument it's an
argument a lot of playing on fear
it's preying on the hardline immigration
rhetoric that he thing knows was so
successful for him or believes was so
successful or him two years ago and he
he told us in an oval office interview
with the AP last week that this is
reminding him of 2016 and part of that
is this idea of the caravan which is
receiving some outsize coverage on cable
news has become something that he and
his supporters will rally around they
could play into that same idea of the
other the the idea that here are more
people who are coming to potentially
change our country take away our access
to what we have always thought it was
the American
dream are sort of right to the American
dream and that they feel like this is
combined with the controversy over the
Cavanaugh hearings that they think this
is how they can sort of have that final
sprint to the Election Day well I mean
for anyone who's still on the fence as
to whether or not the president is using
racism to stoke fears just keep in mind
this is the man who during the campaign
wouldn't say anything bad about David
Duke
when asked face to face this is the man
who when Charlotte's Ville happened said
there were good people on both sides
he couldn't even be on the side of the
right then and now here the president is
defending his use of the world NAT of
the word nationalist and he's saying he
just didn't understand the racist
connotation take a look just to follow
up on your comments about being a
nationalist there is a concern that you
are sending coded language or a dog
whistle to some Americans out there that
what you really mean is that you're a
white nationalist I've never even heard
that I cannot imagine that I never heard
that theory about being a nationalist
I've heard them all but I'm somebody
that loves our country when I say a
nationalist he also was a birther on
Obama in leash what do you think I think
that there are two sides of this
obviously the president is claiming
lazzy did he said remember last time he
said he didn't even know who David Duke
was he didn't know that he should
disavow him so there's this idea that
the president tries to kind of say that
he's ignorant of the things that are so
in so so clearly in your face when it
comes to the understanding race in this
country and there are people who mix the
word nationalist and patriot and I was
just came back from West Virginia just
came back from a red district in
California where people see the
president say well this is what I want
someone who talks about America in this
glowing sort of way doesn't talk about
the flaws of America but there are so
many people who listen to President
Trump and say nationalist you know not
to use that word you know that that word
is going to be seen as as you saying
that you're a white nationalist and I've
interviewed as a black woman white
nationalist who say they're more excited
than ever about President Trump they
said that they've never
heard of a president quite like
President Trump who's really they feel
like expose their ideals so this is a
white nationalist telling me this so
they're not it's not as if white
nationalists are saying are trying to
hide this but I think the president here
has settled on this strategy of fear the
strategy of misinformation as the
midterm closer and it's working I've
been in districts where people are
literally just repeating what President
Trump is saying to them seeing that the
caravan is gonna be here before we know
it and that people are going to be
overrun and it was simply not true
you know Joe back when we were talking
to Trump and he was playing the game
with President Obama and stoking fear
and doubt about where he was born do you
remember what he said to us he said I
know but it's working and we had to push
back hard saying that was wrong and that
wasn't who we thought he was but he kept
saying it's working it's working he
knows what he's doing and anyone who
thinks that he doesn't know what he's
doing about this and he doesn't he isn't
using racism to stoke fear I think at
this point is lying to them well you
know actually they remember the exact
conversation it was at the very
beginning of the campaign I probably in
August of 2015 and we both were saying
to him went there to tell him to stop if
you ever want to be seen as a serious
candidate you've got to drop the
birtherism you've got to say that that
Barack Obama was born in America and
you've got to say you take him at his
word that he is a Christian you will
never be seen seriously if you don't do
that because he was talking about it and
asked yeah I would like a lot of
candidates asked our opinion and that's
what we said and I remember Mika you
actually being very emphatic saying you
have got to stop with the birtherism you
have got to tell everybody that he was
born in America and I remember Trump
whispering under his breath will if I do
that I'll lose about 47% of the party
and he loved that it was working it was
disgusting it was really hard yep
and playing that so Willie there there
has always been a calculation in there
Donald Trump you know people always ask
hey you knew Trump for a decade what was
the guy like before he ran for office
and they say well you know he would say
things behind closed doors that you know
were offensive in one way or in another
way but never on race never we've talked
about this al SARP that's talked about
this you've talked about this like
Donald Trump would go to boxing matches
in Atlantic City and he would be
surrounded by black celebrities he
actually had a very good working
relationship with a lot of a lot of
black celebrities and we we actually
sort of joked about it during the
campaign that people like jay-z if they
were ever for Hillary that said well
this isn't personal against Donald Trump
and so obviously this is something this
is this is something that Donald Trump
has picked up and he's run with it for
the most cynical cynical of reasons yeah
I mean there are obviously examples
throughout his past in the 1980s when he
called for the death of the Central Park
Drive the death penalty even after they
were exonerated he leaned on that and
talking about the birtherism I can tell
you and you you've probably had the same
experience in the course of private
conversations and debates with him he
started to believe the birther thing he
was he was invested in that he had very
specific questions and ideas about why a
family would put an ad in the Honolulu
Advertiser announcing the birth who does
that he actually believed the birther
thing so Eddie there is yes he is a very
cynical man he's a cynical politician
his quote yesterday will live forever I
think I don't regret anything it all
worked out very nicely he was talking
about the Ted Cruz accusation about JFK
and his father but that could be a
doctrine for Trump so he does use these
to his benefit the ends do justify the
means but it also a lot of this lives
within him yeah there's an old southern
phrase is often attributed to Maya
Angelou right that when people show you
who they are
Levi right and Donald Trump has showed
us who he is since since the election
and sent over the last two years look
when you say I'm a nationalist in front
of that crowd that crowd that's majority
that that's majority white in the
context of your race baiting with
regards to immigration we know that
immigration law in this country has
always been about race ever since the
first naturalization act right in the in
the 1800s we know that that's the case
right and then the idea that Jonathan
said that the blue wave might be a blue
trickle because it's working so we're
talking about the moral character of
Donald Trump but by extension we're
talking about the moral character of the
nation what does it mean that this is
working what does it say about who we
are right if this is profoundly racist
and we have these moments in the history
of the country where we can actually
change the course of our pattern the
direction we can actually be otherwise
but in those moments it seems to me we
have always historically chosen to
double down on a notion of whiteness and
here Donald Trump is putting it before
us again and it seems that every single
time that we do it democracy takes a
body blow and so here we are in this
moment where what we think is a blue
wave which I think will be determined by
those unlikely voters those non voters
may turn into a trickle because people
are choosing to be racist Jonathan
they're choosing to act on the basis of
their fear and that fear ISM is rooted
in the fact that white people think that
they can't have the life that they
should have as white people right I mean
some of the polls tightening might just
be the natural inclination for people to
come home with their parties during the
stretch run of a campaign not everyone
follows the midterms and as closely as
perhaps we all do but there's no
question here that the the president has
seized on a few issues immigration which
of course in many ways means race and
that is generating enthusiasm among
people some Republicans who previously
had been very sort of despondent where
they saw the 2018 election go had felt
that this is sort of a lost cause this
year and now feel like they have a
reason to come out against some Trump
supporters who were there for him in
2016 who were not traditional Republican
voters who the people that pollsters
missed two years ago
unlikely voters in places like Florida
and Pennsylvania in Michigan people who
weren't being it weren't being counted
on in the samplings of you know these
are the people we think will show up on
Election Day and who perhaps wouldn't
have come out because Trump's name
wasn't on the ballot but now seem to be
responding to the idea that this is a
referendum on him and his issues which
are also in many ways the issues they
believe in even if they don't want to
admit it publicly mm-hmm you know
history will record thirteen days from
now whether this works or not for for
decades to come for generations to come
history will record whether Donald
Trump's appealed the racism and bigotry
and hatred will work or not here's the
incredible thing that in 13 days you
will have the choice to determine how
history is written more so than any
election in our lifetime this will be
either a verification of who we have
been or a rejection of who we have been
and a determination of where we are
going if we still believe that we're one
nation under God and if we still believe
that out of many we are one and so we
can't say whether this is working or not
because we won't know whether this is
working or not until you get up 13 days
from now and take your family and
friends to the school nearby you or the
post office nearby you or a community
center nearby you and vote do you
realize that how how awesome is that how
inspiring is that that you not me not me
cannot anybody on this panel you have
the power to write history
and determine whether what you're seeing
on TV everyday works or not you've got
13 days to call your friends your
neighbors your loved one whatever
whatever part of their in whatever side
you're on however you want this election
to turn out the history of this country
who we are and who we will be will be
determined thirteen days from now that's
pretty powerful caddy K it's not just in
America where these decisions are being
made they're being made in Britain
they're being made across Europe they're
being made in places like Poland and
Hungary and democracy with the small D
actually does seem to be in retreat over
the past few years doesn't it yeah and I
think this debate about patriotism
versus nationalism is playing out in
other countries too and other countries
are watching how it's playing out here
it's clear patriotism if Donald Trump
had chosen to say I'm a patriot no one
would have been shocked but it's this
idea of nationalism which in this
country has connotations of white
nationalism and race and in Europe has
connotations of fascism and a takeover
of power but is always associated with
power and whether you want to grab power
from other groups patriotism is a love
of your own country knew your own values
nationalism has to do with taking power
from other people the other thing we
started this this show this morning
looking at viciousness in language and
it's becoming an American export at the
moment during the course of this weekend
to resume was called upon by members of
her own party to bring a noose to the
next mean--it meeting that she had with
them because she was entering the
killing zone that is the kind of
language that we are hearing around the
world in politics at the moment I'm not
saying that it's coming directly from
the United States but the kinds of
language that Donald Trump uses chooses
to loot use when he gets up at rallies
is fostering an atmosphere like this
where people feel they can use this
vicious angry language to the to the
detriment of other people in to the
detriment of our democratic processes
still I have thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
