wouldn't you love to see one of these
NFL owners when somebody disrespects our
flag to say get that son of a bitch off
the field right now out he's fired today
if you hit too hard right they hit too
hard 15 yards throw him out of the game
they had that last week I watched for a
couple of minutes and two guys just
really beautiful tackle boom 15 yards
the referee gets on television his wife
is sitting at home she's so proud of him
they're ruining the game right it's been
a little more than a year since Donald
Trump waged war on the NFL our next
guest reveals the true root of his
grudge against the league which can be
traced back to trumps ownership of the
New Jersey generals a team that was part
of a short-lived league called the
United States Football League of the
1980s the USFL joining us now a New York
Times bestselling author of eight books
Jeff Perlman his latest is titled
football for a buck the crazy rise and
crazier demise of the USFL it shows how
much of trumps behavior in office was
perhaps foreshadowed by his tenure in
that defunct football league also with
us chief national correspondent for The
New York Times Magazine mark Leibovich
he's the author of the book big game the
NFL and it's two great book serve
companion pieces and my wheelhouse here
we go so Jeff is so fun such a
page-turner there's so many incredible
stories and Donald Trump is at the
center of a lot of it so I'm just gonna
pick one and we can go from there Donald
Trump wrote a letter to other league
owners in the USFL this is back in the
day insisting they contribute to the
salary of his player Heisman
trophy-winning quarterback Doug Flutie
the letter reads this this was written
by Donald Trump as you aware and as I
announced our owners meeting prior to
signing Doug Flutie I would come back
and ask the owners to bear some of the
costs of Doug's contract I did not need
Doug as a player but felt the league
desperately needed someone or something
fast as it turns out it was more
successful than even our wildest
expectations everyone is now benefitting
from Doug flew
I would appreciate you putting on the
next agenda the allocation of Doug
Flutie's costs to each team so he drafts
a player and his team and wants to
spread the costs around because it was
such a brilliant decision yeah which is
I I always say Doug Flutie was the
Mexico wall before the Mexico walk but
he actually was Donald Trump signs
Flutie he doesn't need him but he signed
him to a six-year 8.3 million dollar
deal was the biggest contract and pro
football that yeah and he tells his
partners of the generals don't worry
we're gonna signed up Flutie but the
rest of the league is gonna pay for it
that's his literal pitch to the other
owners right to the other so he writes a
letter to the commissioner and he tells
the other owners I have signed up Flutie
for the good of you I'm giving this to
you as a gift to the league you will pay
for it and the other owners much like
Mexico collectively gave him the middle
finger and never died methought is
preposterous so the story of the USFL
there's so much to say about it first of
all it was a fun league it had some
successful franchises some of which
maybe would have become NFL franchise if
it had been allowed to play out but
Donald Trump gets in the league New
Jersey generals are his team but from
day one he wanted an NFL franchise so
this was a stepping stone for him which
may have led to the collapse of the leak
it was a scam I'm not gonna just say it
really was a scam
he he bought the generals after the
first season the first season was 1983
it was a spring league he bought the
generals they were on sale for 8.5
million he paid 10 million because he
thought there was a bidding war that
didn't exist he gets the generals and he
immediately in the lead-up to buying the
team always telling the other people
with the USFL's
I'm so excited to be a part of this
league this is a great league I love
what you're doing
he gets the generals we need to move to
fall we have to move to fall we need to
take on the media immediately yeah he
has a meeting with Pete Rozelle the
Commissioner of the NFL at the Pierre
hotel Donald Trump pays for the suite in
this meeting he says to Rozelle I don't
care about the USFL you tell me what I
have to do to get NFL franchise it was
preposterous he did it he basically went
behind the backs of the fellow owners
get and Pia Rizzo says to him as long as
I am with the NFL as long as my heirs
are with the NFL you will never have a
team in this league
he's a song for what he considered to be
a comment and so that plants the seed of
resentment Donald Trump of the NFL so
again let's get to I mean
time's big piece and his taxes and his
father funding every failed enterprise
that Donald had for years he is a
financial fool in terms of buying the
team the team was on the market for what
eight and a half million and a half any
paid what you pay 10 and he his whole
thing was about getting an NFL franchise
that's the only reason he did this was
to get an NFL Francis it wasn't about
the USFL it wasn't about the good of the
league
it was about getting an NFL franchise
and he thought he could sue he led a
lawsuit against the NFL the you were so
now ended up suing the NFL and a very
famous lawsuit you know and they
famously want $1 and that was the death
of the USFL what do you have any sense
where any of these teams viable enough
so that the USFL had hung on another few
years some of them actually could have
been absorbed into the NFL yeah so you
know the strike came along in 87 right
and there's a strike where they used
replacement players I have talked to a
ton of guys in the USFL an NFL who saved
if the USFL hung on just two years you
have this mass chaos and anarchy in
football and there were teams there's a
team at Jacksonville before the Jaguars
there's a team in Tennessee before the
Titans there's a team of Baltimore after
the courts left there's a team of
Birmingham doing really well and there
was a team at Oakland after the Raiders
were God I think you would have almost
inevitably had some sort of merger Wow
Eddie Glaude is with us and Eddie looks
like you know it starts us a personal
gripe and and cut to the past couple of
years he turns this into a complete
culture war absolutely what what I'm
trying to figure out Jeff and and and
Mark is it seems like the record is
replete with examples of Donald Trump as
a con man that we knew we knew who he
was
and we keep getting evidence of who he
currently is how do we continue to fall
for his con that's that's the question
I'm sitting here grappling with I don't
either the NFL thing drives me in scene
let me just say this why Donald Trump
tries behind the Baltimore Colts in 1980
fails he meets with Pete Rozelle to get
his franchise fails he tries suing the
NFL fails he tries buying the Buffalo
Bills fails who try
buying the New England Patriots unveils
when he's an owner of a franchise in the
USFL he's regularly sitting there doing
work during the national anthem like
which is no crime I know what has been
in a press box has worked during the
National sign of protest yeah exactly
it is all it is the biggest for a guy
who hates the NFL he sure wants to be in
the NFL
it was the club he could not get into oh
another one Joe well I was gonna say
that's one of many many clubs he was
never allowed to get into and it stings
still stings every day you know mark
Leibovich we have sort of the coming
together of two stories here one the
USFL and two the story of his father
transferring millions and millions of
dollars to him he gets in the USFL they
they lady man he's the biggest champion
of the USFL then gets behind their back
tries to stab them in the back and tell
us Rozelle he wants to get in the NFL he
doesn't care of the USFL same thing with
his father who's shoveling millions and
millions of dollars to and throughout
his entire life and at the end of his
father's life he tries to screw his own
dad by changing a will according to the
New York Times and and and scares his
father because it would be to his
detriment to bail out his son and I
think you know there's the strain that
runs through those two things is just
his absolute belief in the power of
marketing and hype and his ability to
talk through and sell anything and and
just think that at the end of the day
you know the facts will you know me if
they ever come out they'll come out you
know decades down the road like in the
New York Times over you know a twelve
thousand word piece which you know by
that time he'll be halfway around the
world or in this case in the White House
so again I mean I think it's just sort
of part of a pattern that he essentially
has built his career on whether it's a
house of cards or or you know if the
greatest marketing scam in history Jeff
another great anecdote in the story
comes in 1984 when Trump wants to sign
lawrence taylor away from the giants and
on to the generals oh yeah and so he has
a meeting with lawrence Taylor's agents
and then a publicist goes by the name of
john baron you've heard of her starts
calling around who sounds a lot like
Donald Trump
and you have new quota writer from the
Gannett Westchester paper quote we knew
it was Donald the whole time he wasn't
even good at changing his voice it was
embarrassing so he was calling around
saying wow Trump's a genius he got
Lawrence Taylor to leave the Giants
income of the generals which was not
true when he signed up foody if you do
it just a nexus search for John Baron
and Doug Flutie their quotes all over
the place from John John Baron how great
Doug Flutie is for the league and mr.
Trump is a genius it is a joke a joke
the joke's on us yeah he also hired this
attorney for the league and told the
other owners we're gonna hire Roy Cohn
and the NFL is gonna want to settle
immediately because they're gonna be
terrified of this guy the book football
for a buck the crazy rise and crazier
demise of the USFL without now Jeff
Pearlman thanks so much for being on the
book it's mark Leibovich thank you as
well your book thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
