thing one tonight remember that time
Donald Trump tried to stiff veterans
charities yes that actually happened
it's for our vets and you're gonna like
it because we raised over five million
dollars in one day
so that's that so bad we actually raised
close to six to be totally honest but
Donald Trump gave $1,000,000 okay that
was a complete total lie
Donald Trump did not give that money to
charity until he got caught four months
later in May four months
Washington Post reporter David
Farenthold started checking with
charities looking for all that money and
especially Trump's personal pledge On
January 28th
Donald Trump gave $1,000,000 I'm a 21st
campaign manager Corey Lewandowski
responded to fair and hold the money is
fully spent mr. Trump's money is fully
spent also a lie because it wasn't until
May 23rd after they were caught that
Trump called the Marine Corps Law
Enforcement foundation saying he would
write them a million-dollar check Trump
lied for four months straight about
donating money to vets well now David
Farenthold has a new project the mystery
money the Trump hotels say they donated
to the Treasury Department is thing - in
60 seconds during the transition
president elect Donald Trump promised he
would donate all hotel profits from
foreign governments the US Treasury as
we told you last week the Trump org
claims it has donated foreign profits
from 2017 to the Treasury but they
refused to say how much or give details
which is odd well Washington Post
reporter David Ferran fold is back on
the money trail he has filed a FOIA
request with the Treasury Department and
if you want to play along he has a
contest at Twitter at Farenthold you can
guess how much the Trump or donated I'm
placing my bet on $27,000 I'll see what
the FOIA shows how much money if any was
donated and whether this promise holds
up the president-elect Trump has decided
and we are announcing today that he is
going to voluntarily donate all profits
from foreign government payments made to
his hotels to the United States Treasury
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
