well let me start with this mr. nunberg
says he was trying to protect you what
what would he be protecting you from I
have no idea sam nunn burg is a very
talented writer and researcher but he
marches to his own drummer and he is not
speaking at my behest or my direction I
would certainly not have advised him to
ignore or refuse a document production
subpoena I was pleased to read today
that he's changed his mind about that
now the New York Times reported on
January 20th the 2016 in a page one
story that my communications had been
accessed through a FISA warrant along
with those of Paul Manafort and Carter
page therefore I have always operated on
the assumption that there are folks in
the government who have examined all of
my communications and I can say with
confidence that I know nothing about any
Russian collusion or any other
inappropriate act that I never had any
advance knowledge of the content the
source or the exact timing of the
WikiLeaks disclosures I never predicted
that John Podesta's emails would be
hacked I predicted that his business
activities would come under scrutiny his
time in the barrel that is based on the
January 2016 disclosures in the Panama
papers where his Russian business
dealings are fully exposed the uranium
deal the bank deal the gas deal you keep
talking about John Podesta there do you
mean Tony Podesta no I actually mean the
Podesta brothers which is addressed in
the Panama papers
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
