right now to the extraordinary an
exhaustive New York Times expose that
appears to shatter the president's claim
of being a self-made billionaire while
implicating him in sketchy possibly
illegal tax schemes the roughly 19 month
long investigation found that Trump
received today's equivalent of more than
four hundred million dollars from his
father's real estate empire beginning as
a toddler and continuing to this day as
the Times reports much of the money came
to Trump because he helped his parents
dodge taxes in the 1990s he and his
siblings set up a sham corporation to
disguise millions of dollars in gifts
from their parents records and
interviews show records indicate that
Trump helped his father take improper
tax deductions worth millions more he
also helped formulate a strategy to
undervalue his parents real estate
holdings by hundreds of millions of
dollars on tax returns sharply reducing
the tax bill when those properties were
transferred to him and his siblings tax
experts tell the Times that the
president is unlikely to face criminal
prosecution for tax evasion because the
statute of limitations has passed on any
possible wrongdoing but as the Times
reports there is no time limit on civil
fines for tax fraud the New York state
tax department says it is reviewing the
allegation the report continues Fred
Trump was relentless and creative in
finding ways to channel his wealth to
his children he made Donald not just his
salaried employee but also his property
manager landlord banker and consultant
he gave him loan after loan many of them
never repaid he provided money for
Donald's car money for his employees
money to buy stocks money for his first
Manhattan offices and money to renovate
those offices he gave him three trust
funds he gave him shares and multiple
partnerships he gave him $10,000
Christmas checks and he gave him laundry
revenue from his buildings according to
the investigation Trump was earning
$200,000 in today's dollars by age 3 and
was a millionaire by
age of 8 by the time Donald was 17 his
father had given him part ownership of a
52 unit apartment building once he
graduated from college The Times found
Trump was receiving the equivalent of a
million dollars a year from his dad that
money reportedly increased over time to
more than five million dollars a year in
his 40s and his 50s according to The
Times the findings are based on
interviews with Fred Trump's former
employees tens of thousands of pages of
confidential records bank statements
financial audits accounting Ledger's
cash disbursement reports invoices and
canceled checks as well as public
records like mortgages deeds and civil
court files NBC News has not
independently seen those documents or
confirm the totality of the times
reporting Nick confessori for the record
Donald Trump's camp says the story is
false and highly defamatory but does say
these tax matters were handled by other
members of the Trump family and tax
lawyers not by Donald himself now right
so now in fact Trump was was deeply
involved in the tax planning the estate
planning with his father he was part of
all of these schemes and the reason is
that they benefited him chiefly what
you're seeing here is what we see a lot
in America in this country which is the
determination of very wealthy people to
pass their fortunes on to their kids
untaxed and this family was
extraordinarily creative and how they
did it and I think the part that stuck
out to me most in this amazing report by
colleagues of mine was that this is a
man Donald Trump who who has been on the
record lying about the size of his
fortune but the way he accumulated his
fortune was lying in the other direction
about the value of real estate assets
what they did time and time again was
systematically and grossly just
undervalue that buildings owned by the
Trump family and say that they won't
more than anything and then pass them to
other people in the family passing from
Trump Senior Tour to it Donald Trump
it's amazing you know there's one other
aspect that really stuck out I mean
there was so much in here it's just an
incredible piece of journalism and and
Joe as an aside I mean we know that
mister
loves to apply nicknames to people he
always has throughout his campaign and
everything we now have a nickname for
the president I would I would suggest
and it would be thanks dad
yes thanks dad Trump but Joe this is
interesting I found it interesting way
down in this piece and in it deserves to
be read by everyone it gets to who
Donald Trump really is it builds up the
case and points out like how many times
Trump's father Fred afforded him the
opportunity gave him all sorts of money
to bail him out of certain difficult
financial situations that Donald Trump
had buried himself in and here's the
paragraph but over time as Donald Trump
Kareem from one financial disaster to
the next his father found ways to give
him substantially more money records
show even so in 1990 according to
previously secret depositions mr. Trump
tried to have his father's will
rewritten in a way that Fred Trump
alarmed and angered feared could result
in his empires being used to bail out
his sons failing businesses so in
addition to being a tax cheat a fraud
and a crook we find out from the New
York Times and all of this material that
they've provided that Donald Trump was
also a scheming son who was according to
the report scheming to change his
father's will to bail himself out in a
way that scared his father I mean it's
more than a few people have gone to jail
for that you know Eddie glad though this
doesn't really surprise I'm sure doesn't
surprise you doesn't surprise many
people that the entire myth that Donald
Trump has tried to create around himself
this this billionaire dealmaker who
started with very little said you know
it was hard he every step of the way his
life has been hard it's just his entire
life story is built on a lie this kid
was treated like the Queen's version of
Richie Rich he's got you know millions
of dollar
by the time he's eight years old because
daddy gave him the money daddy kept
pouring more money into his bank
accounts when he got in trouble when he
proved that he actually wasn't a good
businessman and then finally goes to
Atlantic City and it completely blows
all of his father's money the hundreds
of millions of dollars that his father
transferred to him goes bankrupt nine
billion dollars he bought by his own
claims bankrupt nine billion dollars and
chances are very good that he's
exaggerating what he's worth now and
he's probably worth less than he was
when his father gave him all that money
yes yes Joe three quick points one we
know that he wasn't just simply born
with a gold spoon in his mouth but a
platinum spoon in his mouth and he blew
his inheritance and interesting sorts of
ways to I'm reminded of Melville Herman
Melville's 1857 novel the confidence man
and that's what Donald Trump is since he
invoked the phrase a while back you know
everything about him his own self by his
own biography the way in which he
presents himself he is a confidence man
selling the selling a particular kind of
snake oil to the country and to anyone
who believed him who might believe him
and what's interesting in the New York
Times piece The Times
even admits that it was complicit in
building this image of him that he sold
this to them and to other people in the
press and then lastly what is I think
important here Joe is that we see this
history this pattern it's almost
inherited
tax fraud right tax evasion a kind of
crookedness as as Mike laid out we see
passed on to him which means it's even
more important that we should see his
tax forms right because more than likely
what he learned from his dad we will
find he did himself and he continues to
do yeah someone called this really it
matches the profile of a man who has
grown up with no responsibilities just
awash in cash no sense of right and
wrong and brings his Sham to the
presidency were ultimately possibly the
Emperor will have
clothes an attorney for the president
released the following statement the New
York because you know what I'm saying no
we're just laughing Joe's reaction here
you know really and I are gonna Willy
and I are gonna have to talk about that
this this weekend at the Holiday yen
while we're smoking we're gonna need a
few couple extra cards and this weekend
again a great coincidence but we're
talking about Melville and not the
marital book you think but the
confidence man the New York Times
allegations of fraud and tax evasion are
a hundred percent false the White House
says and highly defamatory it was his
attorney there was no fraud or tax
evasion by anyone the facts upon which
the time/space it's it's false
allegations are extremely inaccurate all
of state matters were handled by
licensed attorneys licensed CPAs and
licensed real estate appraisers who
found mica was it was a licensed this
license they weren't cheating for him
who was which which white house person
had said that something was true because
they sent it certified mail he was the
healthiest guy ever
exactly it's all the statement continues
President Trump had virtually no
involvement whatsoever with these
matters the affairs were handled by
other trunk family members who were not
experts themselves and therefore relied
entirely upon the aforementioned
licensed professionals should the time
state or implied that President Trump
participated in fraud tax evasion or any
other crime it will be exposing itself
to oh he's going to sue them to
substantial liability and damages for
defamation where have we heard that
before I had my Daniel Goldman let me
ask you Donald Trump's sister Mary Ann
is this
sitting federal judge what if her name
is on any of these tax returns that have
been filed over the years that
constitute fraud well we would run into
a situation where the only way that a
judge judge can be removed as
technically through impeachment but if
there is misconduct by Maryanne Trump
and we don't know at all whether there
is at this point then it would be
referred to a judicial committee to look
into it in order to assess it I mean
what we're seeing in this this piece I
think that's interesting is you guys
have have really pinpointed some of the
hypocrisy of Donald Trump being a
self-made man on the campaign trail
whereas in reality his father was his
lifeline for all of his poor business
dealings but from a legal perspective
you see inflate over inflated invoices
like you would have a contractor give an
invoice to a subcontractor and in
overinflate the work so that they could
get a kickback that's essentially what
some of the allegations are there are
bogus loans that that is a hallmark of
fraud where you say I'll give you a loan
and then it just has never paid back
it's not actually a loan there's a story
about his father dumping 3.3 million
dollars of casino chips at his one of
his casinos to give him enough operating
cash to meet all of his needs and then
the other thing that's really
interesting and you pointed out earlier
is there are different representations
of the value of his properties in
official filings so they undervalue it
when it's convenient and then they over
value the same property when it's
convenient as well and that is that's
another hallmark of fraud none of this
can be charged criminally because it's
statute of limitations but certainly the
IRS could go back and look at it from a
civil perspective so you means you've
been doing a lot of reporting on Trump
supporters and in fact Trump voters
steadfast support for Donald J Trump
regardless of what they may see in the
news this is the sort of story that
might impact past presidents but will it
even raise an eyebrow in Trump country
well I think what we really see is that
this is about the myth of
the American Dream and there are people
that will look at this and say well
wouldn't anybody want their dad to give
them millions of dollars isn't this what
you want for your children for you to be
able to get to fund them and to have
their dreams come true and when they
mess up to help them out and be the
safety net for your child so I think in
some ways I read that story I thought oh
well this would in some ways want to be
what we think the American Dream is of
course the problem is the president
Trump built his entire brand on this
idea that he pulled himself up by his
bootstraps and so many of his supporters
I talked to you saying that's what's so
appealing about him the fact that I
could be Donald Trump that anybody could
be Donald Trump when in fact anybody
can't be Donald Trump because you would
need a parent to be funneling money to
you back to back I think the other thing
that's important is that this is someone
who's now in charge of policy his
administration has said in through ben
Carson that poverty is a state of mind
and they are they are making policies
rewriting the tax code doing all these
things that in this way thinking that
that people are somehow not working hard
enough and that's why you didn't become
Donald Trump when in reality it's
because your dad didn't give you
millions of dollars when you were eight
years old and some of the people when
they go to Yale their grandfather didn't
go to Yale like Brett Kavanaugh and as a
result not everyone might get into Yale
because there's obviously brother
there's obviously thoughts given to
legacy students so what you have is a
lot of people in this country thinking I
want to be like Donald Trump and that's
why I want to follow him but in reality
you have to do a lot of stuff to do that
well you meet another problem I think
politically it may not raise its head
politically in the midterms but if
Donald Trump seeks reelection his story
of being this great deal maker that as
he said in 2016 started with next to
nothing and it was every step of the way
was hard for him
that's undercut and it is attached to
the policies that you're talking about
when you have a tax bill that Donald
Trump signed and that night he was at
mar-a-lago with his billionaire friends
saying I just made you a lot of money
today with these tax cuts that are
overwhelmingly unpopular doesn't this
all fit together politically Donald
Trump getting his money from his daddy
using
illegal tax schemes the rich getting
richer protecting themselves while the
poor getting poorer in the middle class
are struggling I mean I think reading
this story Democrats are starting to
find their talking points for 2020
because there's this idea now that you
can say when you think about the rich
and the poor Donald Trump was up there
and he's been up there for a long time
and he's not looking out for you because
he doesn't even understand what it would
be to be to not have money because his
father kept bailing him out that idea
also that he was trying to change his
father's will I think Democrats will
probably talking about that saying not
only was it someone who got money from
his parents and really was continuing to
be someone who was propped up but then
when his father's in his in his last
days in his last years as he's instead
of saying thank you Dad for all that
you've done he's saying you know what
I'm gonna try to get a little bit more
out of you so when you think of the
message of Bernie Sanders who really his
whole campaign was summed up by
millionaires and billionaires you you
can see that were Democrats will now say
well this is a millionaire and
billionaire but not only is just it's
gonna lie to you but also someone who's
gonna change the tax code in order to
benefit his friend so Dan Goldman beyond
being nine pages of blowing up the myth
of Donald Trump's personal story there
are legal questions in here in the New
York State Department of Taxation and
Finance says it's going to look into all
of this mayor de Blasio here in New York
said he's authorized to look into all
this a lot of this stuff though if you
read through it is forty three forty
five years old is there a possibility of
criminal prosecution here there's not a
possibility of criminal prosecution for
that stuff and stuff in the 90s it's
it's exceeded the statute of limitations
so where does this end up and well I
think what they would do is exactly what
Eddie said which is this is a starting
point and if someone has engaged
sort of activity and conspiring perhaps
with his father to do it then you start
looking more recently these are the the
means and methods that Donald Trump used
to build his empire there's no reason to
think that he just stopped upon his
father's death when he took everything
over so they will certainly be looking
into that and we should be clear a lot
of this stuff while it seems shady and
suspicious is perfectly legal if many
people are back stopped by their parents
in various ways and clearly Donald
Trump's father was trying to pass money
on to his
children and a lot of it was legal ways
he created companies in their names and
for them that for with money that never
was actually his it was ultimately
earned money that's okay but a lot of
this other stuff in the and the
misrepresentations is what as suspect
and I expect that the New York State
authorities will look into more recent
conduct and you know you me we we use
the name Bernie Sanders he'll this would
feed into the Democrats message and
Bernie Sanders message for yet Bernie
Sanders what about Donald Trump's
message in 2016 he was the populist he
was the one running intensity into the
campaign the two-minute banner net that
talked about how the international order
the banking order the the the tax code
everything was rigged against the poor
for the benefit of global elites and and
the richest people in America across the
world this undercuts a message for
Donald Trump and forget up Bernie
Sanders what he said in 2016 it does
it's been it's an incredible incredible
revealing report Daniel Goldman thank
you very much thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
