claims that at some point after
President Trump's personal lire Michael
Cohen wired a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars to a former adult film
actress the bank flagged the transaction
as suspicious and reported it to the
Treasury Department citing people
familiar with the matter the Journal
reports details including that Cohen
wired the money to stephanie Clifford
whose stage name is stormy Daniels on
October 27th 2016 just 12 days before
the election according to one of the
journal sources Cohen said he missed two
deadlines earlier that month to make the
payment because he couldn't reach mr.
Trump in the hectic days before the
election the journal also reports that
after Trump's victory Cohen complained
to friends that he had yet to be
reimbursed for the payment to miss
Clifford boy sounds yes this sounds
pretty familiar in January the general
reported that Cohen negotiated a
nondisclosure agreement with Clifford
preventing her from discussing an
alleged affair with Donald Trump
absolutely this this actually is David
this is this really I was talking about
kids younger staff members but here you
have a lawyer who at least from what we
know stiffed out of under thirty
thousand dollars so a pornstar trying to
trying to help Donald Trump you could
also talk to a lot of contractors in New
York City that will tell you they went
into business with Trump he refused to
pay him and then would end up suing them
and pay them 50 that's loosely on you
know orders of cement or you know
remember it's not usually on payments to
adult porn movie stars you know that
they don't get reimbursed for but you
can only imagine
Michael Cohen's kind of growing anxiety
in this period before the election what
do I do you know we'll find out later
whether there was direct contact between
him and then candidate Donald Trump that
will be the center of this of the story
who
livered the message Tacoma Keith
Schiller Trump's longtime bodyguard and
confidant who was making this alleged
payment reportedly to the actress it was
Michael Cohen who was doing all the
moves for Trump back in the day number
--g if you know Trump
report on him he wants to be his own
strategist he doesn't want real
strategists around him he wants people
who are fixers people who go do things
for him that's why he still keeps
pushing around his aides tell me he's
family he's part of the inner circle in
a way that's not transactional that's
not just an employee
Keith Schiller Jared Kushner Sam number
at some level they are all very similar
in that they all really work for Trump
this is working for Trump doing what
Trump wants when he wants it not just
being part of some political campaign
and yeah and and not telling him mr.
president you can't do that it's that's
like not even looking at the fact that a
porn star is being paid for okay
joining us now member of the
Intelligence Committee Democratic
congressman Jim Himes of Connecticut and
in New York Republican campaign
strategist and MSNBC political analyst
Steve Schmidt good to have you both on
congressman thank you so much for for
being whether you avoided talking to you
about that first story unless you'd like
to tell yeah the intro from porn star
being paid to know what did you learn
yesterday listening to Sam Nunn Burke
ramble on well you know this is it's
sort of in the category of Carter Page
in his very vocal running to the press I
I don't know what to make of nunberg I
don't think he did himself any favors
from my perspective as somebody on one
of the Committees of investigation here
and and quite to be honest one of the
committees that maybe hasn't done the
investigation with the quietness and the
and the impartiality that it should this
to tracks this district I should say
from the fact that Russia attacked our
elections right we're not doing much
about it and now we're spending 18 hours
talking about some guy who may or may
not have a cocktail before he made the
rounds of national television it really
detracts from something serious so I
mean I hate to be the party pooper on
this one but
you know we got to get back to to our
work yeah right we we need to get back
to the serious work of Devon Nunez and
it's quite across the very like the
House Committee
you know we've spent more time in the
news than we should have oh my gosh I
know Steve Schmidt the wheels seem to be
coming off of this White House and they
have been coming up for the past few
weeks
going down Pennsylvania Avenue yeah
rolling down Pennsylvania Avenue people
keep asking how much longer can this
continue apparently we're quite some
time well we've been having this
discussion really for the last year
which is like how low can we go in each
week we find a way to hit a new low you
Sam number will be saw yesterday is this
the Star Wars Cantina bar scene of these
characters melting down on national TV
it seems every 24 every 36 hours but the
congressman is right here the United
States has been attacked in a new type
of war a information war a cyber war and
the President of the United States and
and his retainers his loyalists around
him they refuse to defend the country
they don't defend America's election
process they don't defend our rule of
law they don't defend our important
institutions in fact Donald Trump and
his apologists constantly are attacking
these essential institutions that are
necessary for the security of the
country it's a workable moment in the
history of the country well Steven what
about Rex Tillerson not using the money
that has been been authorized for him to
use to actually push back against Russia
trying to rig our next election yeah
it's completely inexplicable the
Secretary of State with money that is
sitting there takes no action the
president of united states won't
acknowledge the attack nobody in the
administration will criticize the
Russians it is extraordinary we woke up
yesterday
the president the United States his
focus is attacking Canada and Mexico not
the Russians who are attacking our
election process and our democracy is
really sustained by two things right a a
free election process which has been
undermined by the Russians but also the
rule of law and so we have this fruit
loops conspiracy theory nutcase group of
Republicans and right-wing media that
are that are constantly attacking the
rule of law in this country our most
vital institutions to protect the
security of the country on a range of
conspiracy theories it well and we've
never seen anything like it in this
country what's remarkable is those
conspiracy theories are always disproven
always been and then they create new
conspiracy theories David I want to ask
congressman hives whether he sees any
change in the views of Republican
members of the House Intelligence
Committee any move away from the extreme
views of your chairman Devin Nunez any
sense of concern that they've gotten too
far out on a limb with this White House
and that need to move back yeah I I
don't know that you would get a lot of
my Republican colleagues on the
committee to talk about this openly but
the fact the fact is that inside it
looks a lot like it does from the
outside the Chairman has single-handedly
and I do mean single-handedly taking it
upon himself and this goes back months
and months and months to getting
information from the White House to
accusing Susan Rice and Sam power of
unmasking all these conspiracies that
turn out not to have any reality to them
to the memo the memo was presented to
the committee by the chairman I'm not
sure the Republicans had much chance to
look at it and you know again I'm not
sure they would say it but there are
some who would rather not be in that
dynamic and there's a lot look I
you can talk to Tom Rooney you can talk
to trey Gowdy those are the two guys who
are point on this investigation
they're both retiring congressman one
thing I don't get is if Russia is such a
serious
issue why aren't Democrats running more
on it ahead of the midterm elections
yeah it's it's a great question you know
there's a piece of this that we're not
talking enough about it's not just the
money that's not spent it's not the work
to make sort of a national project to
protect our elections it's and it's
we're not making it clear to the
Russians that they can't do this again
we're the most powerful country in the
world they're not we carry a big stick
but to the politics to your question
here's the thing my good friend Cheri
Bustos who represents a very tough
district in Illinois we have sort of a
running joke going in the mornings which
is you know she's got a district very
different than mine I represent
Fairfield County Connecticut she's in
the heartland she's in a district with
it with that we need to figure out how
to win again every Monday morning when I
see Cheri we come up there's a little
bit of laughter she says you know what
my constituents still aren't asking me
about Russia and the point there is that
if the Democratic Party doesn't get
focused and I'm not sure we're doing
this well if we don't get focused on
kitchen table issues on the anxiety of
American families we're gonna pay a cost
but if you can make the case here in
Washington why can't you make the case
in her district well I think I think
that's the question that answers itself
a case that is made here inside the
beltway rarely I think has a lot of
resonance to middle-class families
sitting around in small towns in Ohio
and Michigan and also Fairfield County
new New Canaan
hey congressman it's Willie up in New
York one of the most extraordinary
pieces of news that happened last week
that again got swept up and everything
else that happened was Admiral Mike
Rogers testimony before the Armed
Services Committee last week the head of
the US Cyber Command saying we're not
doing nearly enough Russia continues to
attack our systems unabated I haven't
been given the authority from the White
House to do the things I believe need to
get done so I guess my question is if
everyone knows this is a problem
everyone recognizes it continues to
happen a couple of years now after the
presidential campaign in the
presidential election who's standing in
the way of doing more and why do you
suspect they're doing it well in this
case it has to start at the top right we
have a president who
guards the the fact and let's let's call
it the fact of the Russian attack right
as something which damages his
legitimacy now there are presidents who
might say ok that's an uncomfortable
moment I don't like the fact that the
intelligence community said that the
Russians wanted me to be elected a lot
of people could say but now we need to
move on this is a president who has
never been able to say now we need to
move on who continues to call the whole
thing a hoax despite the fact and of
course he gets particularly sensitive
about the involvement of potential
campaign aides right you know but look
his son met with the Russians in order
to get dirt on them you know so it's not
like this this the thing is on the face
of it a hoax but you got to start with
the single biggest podium in the country
which is the Oval Office and the
Russians have got to be sort of laughing
every day telling themselves you know we
pulled off this attack and the president
is retaliating against Canada you know I
mean you know until the Oval Office gets
its act together we've got a real
problem with respect to the lame can
it's straight out of South Park
Congressman Jim Himes of Connecticut
thank you bye right don't forget the
kids from the hardscrabble streets of
New Canaan and Rousey riously we are it
is a frightening time I think still I
had the house speaker joins other
Republicans and breaking with the
President on his plan for tariffs will
talk to Republican Senator Jeff Flake
who says he's also trying to change the
president's mind we're back in a moment
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
