joining us now editor-in-chief of law
fair and an MSNBC legal analyst Benjamin
Witness his new piece in the Atlantic is
entitled I know Brett Kavanaugh but I
wouldn't confirm him also with us former
Assistant United States attorney in the
criminal division of the US Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of New
York Daniel Goldman he has a new piece
for NBC News comm think site that takes
a critical look at the letter that GOP
prosecutor Rachel Mitchell sent but
Christine Blasi Ford's potential case
fascinating angles here with these
guests Jeff yeah pitchman witness thanks
so much for being with us and as always
thank you for the law fair podcast
along with my daily nutrients it's the
only way I get through the day it's it's
extraordinary thank you so let's talk
about bread Cavanaugh I I was just going
on a little rant before that I thought
that there were a lot of wild
accusations going out there but that
being said he's still still wouldn't
want him on the Supreme Court for a lot
of reasons even though I'm conservative
you actually know him and have known him
and believed he shouldn't be on the
Supreme Court why is that well so I have
known Brett Kavanaugh for 20 years I
have always liked him
I was excited when he was nominated
because it struck me as by far the most
attractive nominee that among the people
that Trump was considering and he's
somebody who have always thought of as a
distinguished conservative judge whose
career I have admired I believe that
Christine blase Ford's story as
presented Thursday before the Senate
Judiciary Committee is frankly more
credible and believable than his defense
against it I also believe he did not
show the sort of candor about a range of
things that one should expect and demand
from a Supreme Court nominee or any
judge even when under intense personal
pressure
of the sort that he's clearly under and
I also think he showed a you know
frankly partisan and conspiratorial
streak that you know in my experience
with him I have never seen before and I
was deeply shocked by and for all of
those reasons I was just left after
Thursday thinking that I cannot support
his his nomination anymore hey Ben its
willie Geist there were some people who
watched I would say a lot of people who
watched the hearing on Friday on
Thursday excuse me watched Judge
Cavanaugh's testimony and thought well
even if he's not guilty of what he's
accused of here by dr. Ford the
temperament he showed in that room the
hotheadedness some people said and a bit
of a political bent talking about a
clinton conspiracy against him and at
this being a reaction to President Trump
he sounded political are you convinced
by those arguments that even if the
doctor Ford accusation doesn't hold up
his performance on Thursday means he
shouldn't be on the bench well so I
think if you imagine that he is holy
holy innocent of everything that she has
accused him of that is an extremely hard
question in the sense that I can totally
understand how somebody in those in that
circumstance would be excessive and and
would you know let emotion run away with
him and I go back and forth with myself
whether independently I would be unable
to forgive that if I believed the
substance of the allegations to be
wholly without merit right that said I
think the temperament that he showed and
the partisanship that he showed are
deeply upsetting and you know I don't
know how you ask a reasonable pro-choice
Democrat to be comfortable with his
sitting on a case that might say involve
overturning roe v wade or partisan
gerrymandering
you know any of the other many issues on
which the parties are split after he has
you know looked the country in the eye
and said this whole thing about
Christian Blasi forth is simply a
function of a conspiracy of Democrats
lying in wait for him because he did too
well in his first hearing and I think
once you've once you've done that you've
kind of you know ripped the band-aid off
the wound and you know sort of showed a
side of yourself that is really not what
we want in in in a Justice John words
here can I just point out that on
September 21st you said that Cavanaugh
should withdraw his own nomination
because Christine Blasi Ford's claims
seem credible to you and that the burden
of proof was on him I would argue that
this attitude that the burden of proof
was on Kavanagh is precisely the
attitude that has caused the Republican
surge and it leads me to question you
know the clay you know you've already
said you said before his testimony that
he should withdraw his nomination so now
that you're saying that he should
withdraw his nomination because his
temperament is bad and he was too
partisan leads me to believe that you
came in with a fixed attitude and that
it is not entirely you know this is not
entirely a discovery that you just made
after the testimony so let me let me
both agree with you and contradict you
first of all I did come in with a fixed
attitude I came with a fixed attitude
that I believed the burden was on Brett
Kavanaugh as I think the burden is
always on the nominee in a in a
situation in which questions have arisen
and you have to get 250 votes you bear
the burden of persuasion and that's just
the way our nomination system in fact
works so but you know I got a plea deal
about cat
Blasi for its allegations yeah it's not
about getting to 51 well what you said
actually it is what I said there are you
if you're a nominee and somebody is and
the the outstanding issue about about
your nomination is an allegation against
you and you don't have 50 votes the
burden of proof is in fact on you okay I
want to quote you because here's what
you said the only plausible defense now
for him is self exculpation on the fact
and in rats endeavor Cavanaugh himself
bears the burden of proof that's a moral
claim not a political claim so I said
the burning proof is on him to disprove
Kristine Blasi Ford's allegations that
correct think is because a horrible
standard so two things one is if you
read the article carefully I made both a
normative and a descriptive argument as
to it I stand by the normative claim but
I also want to say look I did come in
with a fixed presumption also that Brett
Kavanaugh would be a good justice and
would be somebody who I would you know
want to see confirmed under normal
circumstances I also want to say I did
not say he should withdraw I said he
should withdraw if he is unable to
defend himself on in a persuasive
fashion without attacking her and the
question I think he answered that
question on Thursday and he answered it
pretty decisively he was not able to
defend himself in a persuasive fashion
in my view and he had to go on the
attack against the Senate Judiciary
Committee Democrats and other lip
unnamed and named liberals and Democrats
and I just don't think that's an
appropriate way for a candidate for a
nomination to the Supreme Court to
behave all right Mike Mike Barnicle
Daniel been off his
a strong opinion but he has no vote on
the committee rachel mitchell has a
strong opinion
she has no vote Rachel Mitchell is the
woman who was hired by the Republican
majority as a prosecutor to ask
questions instead of the Senators asking
questions she maintained in a memo that
she provided the committee that no
rational prosecutor would bring charges
against judge Kavanaugh in the sexual
assault case you and your piece and
nbcnews.com disagree tell us why she
went even further and she said that she
would not even not only is it not a case
of beyond a reasonable doubt but it's
also not even a preponderance of the
evidence and Rachel Mitchell's memo is
somewhat of a microcosm of the problems
that we're seeing with this Kavanagh
nomination she simply evaluated and I
think a very slanted way
dr. Ford's testimony this whole dynamic
and this hearing was was set up falsely
as a he said she said and I say falsely
because there was no investigation done
prior to the hearing and as a prosecutor
she should know better that you cannot
actually assess a case or the
credibility of anyone unless you do an
investigation unless in the very unusual
case that we have here there is a third
person alleged to be there and you don't
interview that person but what's even
worse is that her memo which is set up
as a he-said she-said does not even
evaluate the HEA of what he said it is
simply an assessment of what dr. Ford
says and it doesn't even get into Bret
Cavanaugh's testimony and I think what
we're seeing here now as we are past
that and we are into an FBI
investigation is that it's still not a
fulsome and complete investigation I
feel bad for my former colleagues at the
FBI because I am certain that they would
like to do a real investigation where
they follow leads they look for
documentary evidence they speak to all
witnesses who may have information about
this and they can do that in a short
period of time and it very well may be
as John pointed out earlier this morning
that this investigation does not yield
any more evidence to support dr. Ford's
allegations or to contradict what Brett
Cavanaugh said and in that case then
there's a much better case to be made
for Brett Kavanaugh to be confirmed but
without that full investigation we're
left with kind of a rigged system and a
very hollow assessment that there is no
corroboration well there's no
corroboration if you don't look for
corroboration and that's ultimately the
problem that we're doing but the FBI now
has interviewed Marc judge the one
person allegedly who can corroborate the
story but you and I were talking before
the show the question remains why
wouldn't the FBI as both an
investigative matter and a political
matter to say we covered all our bases
go back and talk to dr. Ford and go back
and talk to judge Cavanaugh so they
could say we didn't do the investigation
the way we would typically do it but we
did talk to all the relevant and key
witnesses here so the the what we're
hearing is that the White House which is
directing this investigation because
it's a background investigation it's not
a criminal investigation although I
actually think that that's really the
only difference is that the White House
is directing it still should be an
investigation into the allegations which
should include Bret Cavanaugh's
truthfulness because that goes very much
to his defense of the allegations but
what we're what we the the concern that
that we have here is that the White
House is saying well she already
testified and she gave a long opening
statement she has said everything that
she has to say if the FBI were allowed
to do this properly though they would go
and they would meet with her and they
would try to piece together the incident
in lots of different ways which they're
very skilled at doing they try to jog
her memory try to identify the house
maybe go find the house see if it
matches her description etc they would
also meet with Brett Kavanaugh and Brett
Kavanaugh would not be able to deflect
and evade the questions that as he did
at the hearing he would not be able to
answer questions with questions he would
actually have to be pinned down and
respond by request reviewing those two
witnesses because the White House
apparently the only reason would be
because the White House is not letting
them in any FBI investigation they would
of course go back and meet with the
critic
witness you and we should point out in
defense of the FBI that the White House
is there that is the client absolutely
no and that's the problem here that's
that's unfortunate for the FBI because
they're gonna come out looking bad yeah
all right so been with us thank you very
much appreciate your being on the show
this morning Daniel stay with us thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
