if they're trying to build a case
against Roger I'm not gonna be part of
it
I'm not Roger didn't do anything Roger
didn't do anything except get treated
like crap by Donald Trump the president
you keep saying you don't think there'll
be a consequence what if the college for
that is going to jail Sam
they're not gonna send me to jail you
know what mr. Muller if he wants to send
me to jail he could send me to jail and
then I and then I'll laugh about it and
I don't make a bigger spectacle that I
am on your TV show right now well sir I
don't know what they're gonna do I don't
I don't know that and I can't prejudge
it I know you can't yeah but but but
miss McQuaid Barbara if you would speak
to Sam's point he's saying that's not
going to happen you just outlined again
a different case not a prediction but a
different space where the refusal to
testify did result in a lengthy time in
jail yeah I don't want to give mr.
number of legal advice he certainly
should consult with his lone own lawyer
about what he should do in this case but
if his information and his evidence is
that Roger stone did nothing wrong he
should tell that to the grand jury the
grand jury wants to find out the truth
if he's got information truthfully that
can exonerate any of these people that's
information that's valuable to the grand
jury as well ma'am and them time should
I go into the grand jury what if they
want me again
what if how many times a grandma if the
grand jury wanted you again it would be
because there was some additional
information forthcoming during the
investigation that they had not had the
opportunity to ask you about so I think
this is what's incredibly important here
Sam you got immunity so you certainly
don't have any reason not to testify
right as you told us today not only that
not only that it actually makes it
appear that Roger stone has something to
hide because you will not go testify he
has nothing to hide
well then go testify you know what I'll
tell you what okay so I don't mind about
testifying I'm not gonna sit there for
80 hours for this document request I
have real work to do I have to earn a
living mm-hmm I don't think this is fair
I don't think it's fair to ask me Paul
man afford Ricki once again like I told
you Corey Lewandowski hope picks
think I was talking to Cory and hope
Hicks I mean while they were having
their affair after they screwed over
Roger and me give me a break harder
Paige never mess now let me ask you to
boggle by the way look at this oh gee
Donald Trump is number three on the
listing that's not you're releasing I
think that that's a problem when they
ask that too
well no now I would turn over anything
but but no you wouldn't the whole point
the reason you're here right now the
reason we're talking about all this is
you're saying you won't turn over things
that's the problem Sam it's been 80
hours going over emails with Steve Banta
and Roger stone because my e re Roger
and me and Steve we can you be cave in
like 50 times let me get we talked about
that this is my final my final search
and I appreciate you sharing with us
your thinking it is certainly newsworthy
this is the final question yes sir you
and again I say this forget the law
forget the journalism forget that we're
on a TV okay is it possible as someone
listens to you and you talk so much
about all of these people and you've
been through something with them and you
feel that you've been through something
that's been unfair is it possible that
in the heat of this you're having a very
strong reaction based on on the strong
feelings you have and that over time you
might come around to a different view of
this is it possible that this is coming
in the heat of the moment I think that I
think that in our discussion and what
you said I would have no problem going
to the grand jury
but I once again don't want to have to
spend 80 hours going over email you'd
rather spend possibly a year in jail
then I'm not going to jail
you think I'm going to do hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
