do you think they were more interested
in Trump related to the criminal hacking
which occurred and we know there was
stolen emails or in relation to all the
social media and I think that were
interested in something with his
business with his business yes they
asked you about the way he run his
business yes he asked me about his
business and I have no by the way I've
no idea what he did and he may not have
done anything and I could ain't wrong
felt they were asking you more about
potential crimes related to the Trump
Organization than related to the Trump
campaign that's what I felt
yeah that was your interpretation tell
me so let me ask you this do you think
that these investigators are escalating
against you for a reason because you did
say something that's true and you know
they're people out there that are that
are wondering what you're doing they're
people as I mentioned that are worried
are you doing something that's adverse
to your interests wait and they're
people saying okay does he have a point
what you just said is true that an
interview is more cooperative and you
did that cooperation and now they're
bringing you before the grand jury do
you have any reason to know why they're
appearing to escalate against you in
that way our strategy was not to ask why
they wanted me at the grand jury once
again as I was told I am NOT a target
mm-hmm I am NOT a subject of the
investigation which would if true what
they wanted but they wanted something I
said to them and that interview they
wanted at the grand jury do you think
they wanted it to put on record for
testimonial purposes to use against
someone later yes of course yeah well
you say of course we're all everyone's
trying okay yes yeah you might be ahead
of where some people are so you think
they want you in the grand jury room and
you're a lawyer too you understand the
way it works right and the great needs
grand juries they build a game they want
you and the grand jury room to build
that case against someone else yes and
here's that person is I don't know you
don't know and if it's Roger I'm not
going to testify against Roger Roger did
not do anything Roger was treated
terribly by Donald Trump and he's one of
Donald Trump's oldest advisors yeah but
Trump is the most disloyal person you've
ever gonna meet hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
