former Trump campaign aide Sam Nunn Bern
has been called before the grand jury
now says he will refuse to go and says
he'll refuse to cooperate with handing
over any documents Sam you join me on
the phone you there hi Katie how are you
why are you saying no because what they
said me was absolutely ridiculous they
wanted every email I had with Roger
stone and would Steve bandit
why should I hand them emails from
November 1st 2015
I was thinking about this today Katie I
was preparing it should I spend 50 hours
going over all my emails with Roger and
with Steve banded and then they wanted
emails that I had with hope Hicks with
Corey Lewandowski are you give me a
break it's ridiculous
this is the special counsel he's
investigating Donald Trump do you know
what you don't want to see roller you
know you sat with him a week ago or a
week and a half ago and and did that
make you change your opinion of this
investigation that you don't want to
cooperate I'm not gonna cooperate what
they want me to have with when they want
me to come into a grand jury for them to
insinuate that Roger stone was colluding
with Julian Assange Roger is my mentor
Rogers like family to me I'm not going
to change your mind on this when I was
going over everything today when I look
at the subpoena this was ridiculous it
was absolutely ridiculous and you know
what I'm not a fan of Donald Trump and
you all know Kathy do you know that
you've said it I'm not a fan of it she
treated Roger and me very badly and he
screwed us on over during the campaign
but you know he's here when I get it
some people like this Rogers right it's
a witch-hunt
I mean mr. Trump's right the president's
right it's a witch-hunt
what kind of cooperate what do I have
to spend 80 hours going over my email
and I had with Steve Bannon and with
Roger some what is Bob Butler need to
see my emails when I send Roger and
Steve clips and we talk about how much
we hate people Sam you were on the
campaign early on you were there when
Donald Trump was deciding to announce
you were president food with the
Russians it is the biggest joke
everything Donald Trump colluded with
the Russians I can tell you Donald Trump
when he was involved in conservative
politics and did not help his business
okay Donald Trump did not want to attack
Hillary Clinton early on in the campaign
the only one to attack Jeb Bush because
it wasn't going to be it wasn't going to
be good for him and had he not won the
primary he was probably going to entice
Hillary Clinton Sam you were gonna kill
me and go over my emails I'm not going
to spend 80 hours because a bunch of FBI
agents and a bunch of US attorneys want
me to harass me and you know here's the
thing they've gone off they've already
bankrupted people Katie they bankrupted
other people with this they you know
Sean Spicer has big legal bills Jos
Rafael has big legal bills everybody you
were you were on our air on MSNBC just
last week saying the Russian
investigation was not a waste of time
that this was not a waste of taxpayer
money what changed what is change Sam in
the last 24 hours or last week so you
decided see that it was ridiculous to me
the subpoena is absolutely ridiculous
why should I hand them over every email
I've had with Steve been into Roger
stone since November and you know I said
November of 25th of 2015 right Sam what
about the looking
say I have something to hide or there's
something that you don't want to reveal
because now you're saying you're not
going to cooperate what if people think
it looks suspicious let them think what
they want let them think what they want
you know what I'm the first person to go
out here and say I'm not cooperating
because it's absolutely ridiculous what
they want from me
Katie sure I spend 80 hours going over
emails and I've had with Steve bamas and
dog and Roger stone they're going to
define grand jury subpoena really
worried about being held in contempt of
court
look let's see what mr. Muller does are
you worried about getting arrested I
think it would be funny if they arrested
me they're held in can be really really
really funny if they wanted to arrest me
because I don't want to spend 80 hours
going over emails I had with Steve Van
Atta Roger stone Steve Bannon Roger
stone hope Hicks who else is on the list
of emails that they want from you Oh
Katie
did I ever communicate with Carter Paige
do you think I communicate him a Corey
Lewandowski after November 1st 2015
I mean I would Cory was the one who
screwed me over and got me fired from
the campaign what about team killer what
about Michael Cohen what about Donald
Trump what about those communications I
mean for them to ask me about
communications with Donald J Trump the
President of the United States you know
mr. monk that's and that that is over
the hill that is too much for mr. Buller
Sam let me ask a question
don't interrupt I you were on the
campaign early on you left early as you
just said you said Cory Lewandowski
helped get you fired but you were there
when Donald Trump was deciding whether
he was going to run for president and
why he was going to run for president
and what sort of positions he would hold
when he decided to run for president
wouldn't the special counsel be
interested in finding out what you know
about that time early on yeah they asked
about it what do they asked about it and
it was ridiculous
if I can tell you once again Katie
Donald Trump being involved in
conservative politics was not good for
his business by the way I think my
lawyers gonna dunk me right now why what
do they ask you about Donald Trump
taking policy positions early on they
asked me if Donald Trump took positions
and he flat-out told me he was taking
positions because of his business and I
will tell you he never told me that he
did not what else have they been asking
you they you know what they asked which
was ridiculous to me yes things like did
you hear people speaking Russian in the
Trump office who Cavey I did not hear
people speaking Russian to the term pop
okay that's ridiculous
they ask things like yeah good keep
going they ask things like did you hear
did you did you hear about Trump Tower
Moscow no I never heard about Trump
Tower Moscow never heard about it once
and I can tell you pay me back you're
not gonna like to hear this your
audience is gonna like to hear this but
when Donald Trump took positions where
he said that Vladimir Putin that
Vladimir Putin was better off finding
Syria against Isis
compared to Barack Obama he was right
because you don't remember this or you
don't want to talk about it but Isis was
chopping American tens off any Trump was
right about he was intuitively right
about it
I don't know believe allegations against
me and the viewers of this network to
the side but I would like to ask this a
GOP primary is not would not have been a
fan of Russia or Vladimir Putin it was
not a popular opinion to be friendly
towards Russia or Putin among
Republicans very early on why is it not
relevant for the special counsel to ask
why Donald Trump was so friendly
to Vladimir Putin early on it confused a
whole lot of people back then and he's
still pretty friendly to them it's
confusing a whole lot of people now well
by the way Kati I agree with you and I
think Trump has made a big a major
mistake I think that Vladimir Putin
should face serious consequences for
what he did during the election but what
I've also said to you and I've said
repeatedly is Trump was more than it's
quite a reporter wanted to release
Hillary Clinton's emails oh by the way
she should have protected her emails
it could it's going to me and the Trump
wanted to get that out and remember you
asked that question to him you know if
Trump wanted to get those emails out
that's fine because she should have
protected her email and do you think
Russia was the only one who stole her
emails you think Russia was the only one
who hacked their email do you think of
China didn't do you think that India
didn't do you think that Israel didn't
of course they did Sam I'm still pretty
curious since you yourself had gone on
the record on our network saying that
this investigation was not a waste of
taxpayer money that this investigation
was going along in a professional way
why you would decide to do this all of a
sudden and and why you would decide it I
imagine you think against the advice of
your own lawyer
I imagine rip up a subpoena yeah he's
probably not pretty because I'm not
gonna produce them every email I had
with Steve Bannon and Roger stone from
November 1 of 2015 what do I have to
produce them all my communication are
you ready to go to trial I'm not gonna
go to jail how do you know you're not
going to go to Josh snubbing your nose
at the special counsel and this
investigation I imagine if they don't do
anything for you they would they would
allow anyone else to snub their nose
this investigation all sorts of people
who are you don't wanna reviewed or
potentially would go in front of baby
maybe people start stuffing their goes
at it because the way they're asking for
communications that I had with Steve
banded with Roger stone to me is too
much they want me to go in next Friday
it's Friday excuse me and they want me
to go in and they want me to testify
against my mentor who did nothing he did
nothing wrong Roger okay he did nothing
wrong in fact he was treated terribly by
Donald Trump and he and by the way we
cost them a lot of money
Roger Sam would you find an email in the
last 24 hours that made you worried an
email you didn't want to hand over by
the way in dear no it's a question I
came up with off the top of my head it's
a very good question no I did not I did
not at all and in fact you know what I
did Kenny I did not go over any of my
emails since I've been with contacted by
them and you know what the other things
have you that that really upset me was
not upset me was I was very low on this
list okay I gotta spend 50 grand on
legal things and I was very low on this
list and then suddenly when they called
me you know when they called me Katie
after Michaels will a Michael Wolf's
book came out and they asked me a bunch
of things in there about Roger and me
after we were fired and as you remember
when you covered that campaign Katie
Roger me were treated terribly and trust
me we weren't colluding with Trump
it wasn't some smart idea that we had
for us to be fired and then we were
really get the emails from Russia
if Roger and me were there Katie we
would have had the Benghazi parents
there at the first debate we would have
had Bill Clinton's illegitimate black
child there at the second debate and we
would have had the women there
Sam Sam hold on what you're doing is
surprising to say the least
but you sat there in that room being
questioned by molars investigators I
want to hear directly from you do you
think that they have something on the
president I think they may well I think
that he may have done something during
the election but I don't know that for
things that I can't explain that unless
you were in there
explain the atmosphere the way they ask
questions about anything I heard after I
was fired from the campaign to the
general election to even November 1 is
insinuated to me that he may have done
something if you sense if you got that
sense from the special counsels
investigators why would you not want to
cooperate with them if you got a sense
that something because I'm not
interested in ending all my emails over
that I've communicated with Steve
banning with other people and with Roger
stone I'm not interested in it I'm
interested in them insinuating that
Rogers did something bad Sam I want to
be more than I want to be clear I want
to be very clear has anybody at all
contacted you in the last few days the
last 24 hours to encourage you not to
talk to the special counsel or to tell
you not to talk to the special counsel
or to give you a reason why it would not
believe you to talk to the special
counsel I decided this Cavey I'm sorry
the grand jury flowers ago a couple
hours ago I decided this when I was
going over all my emails and I was going
over how long an arduous process was
gonna be and it was just like this is
ridiculous why do I have to give Bob
baller my email my random emails would
be back to Roger stone
anybody from the Trump White House
contacted you yeah has the president
contacted you
No has anybody from Trump's legal team
contacted you know as Roger stone told
you not to go talk to the grand jury no
has speed Bannon told you not to go talk
to the grand jury no has anybody at the
ranch are abandoned I focused abandoned
for the first time last week after I
went in there and the first thing and I
spoke to him and Steve and I were
discussing about how we both feel Katy
like I'm telling you that Trump may have
very well done something during the
election I don't know what it is I could
be walking by the way Sam Nunn burg
remarkable thank you very much for
calling in by the way everything is
remarkable about it Sam you know you
called me correct it's all unbelievable
I'd say what do you think mauler is
gonna do to me uh you know I'm not a
lawyer I don't know but I imagine given
the circumstances you might be held in
contempt of court held in contempt of
court because I don't want to
communicate what Roger stone and Steve
Bannon and I talked about this November
it's also Keith Schiller and Michael
Cohen and hope Hicks and Corey do
Landowski and Donald Trump and Rick
gates do you think I have any contact
with Carter page Sam I don't contact
with Sam I don't know well the answer is
no Sam thank you for calling in it's
three o'clock I've got to hand things
over to Casey hunt come back live on our
show tomorrow if you can or come back
I'm sure she can hear you sam nunn Berg
thank you very much
you
