terkoz you have a new piece in The Daily
Beast entitled dear mr. president reboot
before it's too late and you write in
part this beyond the obvious legal
questions surrounding mr. Kushner's
activities that call up for answers
there should be concerns about how he is
operating White House staff are meant to
coordinate and set policy not carry it
out such activities should be the
purview of the departments and agencies
but the challenges facing this
administration transcend Jared Kushner
history suggests that policy is in large
part the result of the intersection
between personnel and process there are
thus real grounds for concern as the
Trump administration is plagued with
problems on both fronts they haven't
filled job Richard Haass of course you
making a recommendation to the president
to reboot is like you making a
recommendation to the storm system
coming east and just stop snowing go
into Canada but you did it anyway if the
president if the president is listening
if he's read your op-ed what's the
takeaway for the president what does the
president need to do mainly to reboot
he needs to first of all bring into the
administration some experienced hands
hundreds of Republican operatives
foreign policy and otherwise essentially
have original sin because at some point
along the way they criticized either
candidate Trump or President Trump and
he's denying himself all these people
the statute of limitations has to expire
these people have to be brought in and
he needs to have a more organized
process you know we talked about it in
the tariff decision that kind of ad-hoc
policymaking is a real recipe for
disaster because you're not looking at
trade offs you're not thinking of
unintended consequences you're not
thinking about how things are going to
get implemented and over time it will it
will come back and bite you so
essentially this needs I mean I realize
it's a it's it's unlikely but this
actually needs to become a more
traditional presidency because this kind
of institutionalized chaos Joe it's
already not doing well
just remember this administration has
not had a real crisis yet
well this churn is of its own making
well what happens when a real crisis
happens whether with North Korea or
Russia does something or what we're
seeing in the Middle East or Venezuela
what then there's no evidence that this
administration is ready for that well
are they gonna send federal marshals to
bring in these experienced heads because
they're not lining up to clean or not
coming up sources tell the Washington
Post that these are the darkest days in
the Trump administration so far and it
hasn't even hit rock bottom yet we're
gonna bring in Philip rocker with us
that it's reporting Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
