I will tell you this Russia if you're
listening I hope you're able to find the
30,000 emails that are missing I think
you will probably be rewarded mightily
by our press let's see if that happens
that'll be next
well that particularly memorable shout
out to Russia regarding Hillary
Clinton's emails is now raising the
quintessential question at the heart of
the Russia investigation
what did Donald Trump know and when did
he know it NBC News has learned that
Special Counsel Robert Muller is asking
witnesses if Trump knew the Democratic
Party emails were hacked before the
public did and whether he was involved
in their strategic release by WikiLeaks
is this the beginning of the case for
collusion joining me now is NBC News
legal analyst Paul Butler criminal
defense attorneys Seema ire and former
water group Watergate prosecutor Nick
acraman thank you all for being here all
right so let's start with NBC News
reporting about Trump's shout-out to
rush about the missing emails witnesses
have been asked and this is in the
Muller investigation whether Trump
himself knew that Clinton's campaign
chairman John Podesta whose emails were
released several months later had
already been targeted they were also
asked if Trump was advised to make the
statement about Clinton's emails from
someone outside his campaign and if the
witnesses had reason to believe Trump
tried to coordinate the release of the
DNC emails to do the most damage to
Clinton Paul Butler have we the safar
seen any evidence that gives us an
answer to whether Trump had advanced
knowledge that with what WikiLeaks had
done when he made that famous shout out
to Russia yes we have so it's been clear
for a long time that Trump has tried to
impede the investigation of Russian
collusion and the question has been why
and this week we learned the answer it's
because he's been trying to collude with
the Russians so now the question is did
he cross the line from kind of passively
gee it'd be nice Russians if you help me
win the election to the illegal act of
conspiring to defraud the United States
and when we look at the timeline the
answer suggests the answer is yes
again in April George papadopolis learns
that the Russians have dirt on Hillary
including an email then we get Don jr.
we get Roger stone Trump's boy trying to
have direct contact with WikiLeaks and
then we get that bite that you show with
Trump saying Russians if you got dirt on
Hillary please let us know and then we
get this very strategic release of dirt
on Hillary that the Russians have the
question is again
what did Trump know sure looks like he
was involved in coordinating it and
Seema seemed I'm gonna get you because
in the past we've had this debate
between the two of you about collusion I
want to play a little clip from June of
2016 this June 24 2016 our very own
Lester Holt in that now infamous famous
interview with Donald Trump specifically
talking about the question of the emails
and what and the hacking of the
Democratic Party
take a listen you also made the claim
that her email personal email server had
been hacked her server was easily hacked
by foreign governments suggesting that
suggesting that she would be compromised
as president what evidence do you have
is there any evidence that it was hacked
other than routine phishing and I heard
it and somebody also gave me that
information I will report back to you
I'll give it to you hmm he read that he
heard it someone gave me information
this is June of 2016 he might have a lot
of knowledge for somebody who wasn't
colluding listen collusion is the
precursor to a crime and right now I'm
sorry
eight months eighteen months into this
investigation we're still not there yet
there have been 19 people either
indicted and/or have taken pleas plus
three companies and there are no
Americans that have been charged with
colluding with almost one American in
those with the 13 Russians that were
charged with my favorite dinners tomato
pinedo is the guy from California they
were referring to and he was involved in
the identity theft portion of that but
let's look at that indictment joy that's
the indictment with the 13 Russians and
the three companies in that indictment
they specifically say unwitting Trump
campaign
there no low-level Trump campaigners
were charged in that indictment and in
fact it was only Russians posing as
Americans additionally my final point is
that nowhere in that indictment does it
say that the Russian government ordered
directed or funded that internet
research agency which is the crux of but
everyone knows that an organization like
that cannot operate inside of Russia
without the say-so of the Kremlin on a
strong argument I mean I mean you know
it's an autocrat it's an autocracy it's
not as if people could freelance but I
want to go I want to let you in on this
Nick as well because the the question of
what Trump knew about the hacking in
advance is now of interest to robert
muller we just played from June of 20 of
2016 that Donald Trump seemed to know
that Hillary Clinton or think Hillary
Clinton's serve had been compromised
Roger stone his good friend for decades
all the way back to the Nixon era seemed
to have advanced knowledge that the
Podesta emails would come out he said
the his time and the Barrell stuff you
have Roger stone private Twitter
messages obtained by the Atlantic show
that stone and WikiLeaks a radical
transparency group communicated directly
on October 13 2016 and that WikiLeaks
ought to keep the channel to stone open
after Donald Trump won the election
that's a new reporting and David
Farenthold if you look at these tweets
from October of 2016 at 4:03 Farenthold
tweets Trump record on a hot microphone
having extremely luke conversation about
women in 2005 that's Access Hollywood
tape WikiLeaks at 432 then tweets about
the Podesta emails in a way that at
least looks like the chordae to try to
blunt the exercise well it's much more
than that I think you can go right back
to March of 2016 when we know they
started hacking into the Democratic
National Committee then we know a month
later that Papadopoulos is told that
they have dirt which is the equivalent
of emails on Hillary Clinton now I don't
believe for a second that Papadopoulos
didn't relay that back to the Trump
campaign and that Trump didn't know
about it on June 3rd we know that Ron
Goldstone wrote to Don junior saying
we've got all of this compromising
material on Hillary Clinton at
highly confidential it's it's super
secret we're going to we want to bring
it to you directly we were gonna bring
it to Donald Trump secretary but it's
just too hot to handle and in the course
of that between that June 3rd and June
7th there are all these either email
conversations or phone conversations
which we don't know about we're more of
this was discussed but we do know that
on June 7th Donald Trump after he won
the New Jersey primary got on television
went off the teleprompter to say that he
was going to detail all of this dirt on
the Clintons the following Monday so
what dirt was that I mean the obvious
inference is that was the emails that
were stolen from the server that is a
crime that's a conspiracy to violate the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act title 18
United States Code 1030 it involves a
whole bunch of people going into those
servers stealing those documents the
object of rich was to get Donald Trump
elected yeah so he doesn't make any kind
of press conference that Monday because
what must have happened is in between
either goldstone and the group the
Russian lawyer showed up with the emails
or somehow the emails got to the
campaign and they realize this is stolen
property under New York law that's a
felony to even possess it so what do
they do they go out and they give it to
gusoff or 2.0 and to WikiLeaks and then
they Don it out but the one person that
we know that had conversations during
that time you put up on the board
conversations at Roger stone denied he
ever had but did have right WikiLeaks
but we know from his own admissions and
statements that he made in the summer of
2016 that he was communicating with both
gusoff or 2.0 yep and WikiLeaks whoops
Trump saying about WikiLeaks this
operative of the Russian government he
said he loves WikiLeaks he mentions
WikiLeaks one huh
when the campaign yeah and and that's
part of the evidence we have so far we
have Donald Trump jr. connected to
WikiLeaks we have Roger stone connected
to WikiLeaks
we have Roger stone calling Julian
Assange his hero but somewhere to
prosecute this and I defer to you sir
how do you connect Donald Trump to this
very easily because the fact of the
matter is Donald Trump actually he was
using the same language that Don jr. was
using in terms of telling voters to go
on to the website and look at the
WikiLeaks stolen emails yeah he was
inviting him to do the nation the
damaging information that came out
during the campaign was that Access
Hollywood tape right less than an hour
after that very damaging information is
released hacked emails about from John
Podesta that come out immense the flood
it would have to be a series of
incredible coincidences for all of these
are not will give you using the same
language see was gonna keep invading
another we're gonna grab this debate
again and getting it we love having
these guys on Paul Butler's be my iron
Nick Ackerman thank you guys very much
and coming up Jarrod's in trouble that's
next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
