remember that song that sequenced that
man right there that was the Donald
Trump that was sold to the American
people for 14 seasons on TV from this
network from this building viewers saw
the helicopter and the plane and the
limo the trappings of a self-made
billionaire who was living the life
thanks to his business savvy it has not
been easy for me and you know I I
started off in Brooklyn my father gave
me a small loan of a million dollars I
came into Manhattan and I had to pay him
back and I had to pay him back with
interest but I came into Manhattan I
started buying up properties and I did
great but a New York Times investigation
into the Trump family finances reveals
that small loan of a million dollars was
actually closer to 60 million and never
repaid The Times article 18 months in
the making coming in at more than 13,000
words I've read shorter books offers an
exhaustive look at the source of Donald
Trump's wealth it finds quote President
Trump participated in dubious tax
schemes during the 1990s including
instances of outright fraud that greatly
increased the fortune he received from
his parents The Times investigation
based on a vast trove of confidential
tax returns and financial records
reveals that mr. Trump received the
equivalent today of at least 413 million
dollars from his father's real estate
empire
starting when he was a toddler and
continuing to this day
in a statement to The Times a lawyer for
President Trump called The Times report
quote 100% false and highly defamatory
saying there was no fraud or tax evasion
by anyone President Trump had virtually
no involvement whatsoever with these
matters well here to talk to us about
all of it New York Times reporter Ross
Buettner one of the co-authors of this
extensive report and the Pulitzer
prize-winning Washington Post reporter
David Farenthold who covers the
president's businesses and conflicts of
interest Russ first you just mentioned
to me in the break this synopsis of your
story is 2,000 words
so I'm going to ask you to do the
impossible for the people rushing to
their devices and printers for the
people who didn't take the latter half
of the day off to read it what is the
take away versus the story we were told
on the apprentice the story we've been
told for years
well the story you've been told three
years is that Donald Trump received a
million dollar loan from his father
sometime around when he was starting and
he had to pay it back with interest and
that was the sum total of the sort of
parental support he received that's
wholly untrue he began receiving money
from his father when he was three years
old his father gave Donald Trump and his
siblings land and then started paying
them rent on that land and the land on
which his biggest apartment buildings
were built and then the thing just
progressed from that growing to five and
ten million dollars a year when he was
in his 40s in his 50s and then one
interesting part of the whole thing is
he's tried to portray his father's
fortune as too small to be of interest
to him but there are clear signs that
all through the 80s and the 90s they
were taking very aggressive sometimes
apparently illegal maneuvers to for him
to grab even more of his father's
fortune before he ever passed away was
the setup to make this kid wealthy from
a young age this kind of flow-through
system about which you write so much
about shell companies and the like
absolutely I mean it's very clear Fred
Trump was very forward-thinking and
trying to pass his wealth along from his
to his children he was a relatively
young man when he began that process he
had five children he had put up some
buildings for returning vets from World
War two on his way to being very very
rich but not yet totally there but
already setting up trust funds to begin
passing that along and over the years as
Donald emerged as the favorite chosen
son more and more of that money went to
him as opposed to his siblings David I
need not stress to you that some nights
it's the post journalism we're talking
about this just happens to be the New
York Times turn I know I join you in tip
hats toward them this story that Russ
and his colleagues have contributed to
the question to you David what could
come from all of this well in a legal
sense we've already seen the New York
State Department of Taxation is sending
might open and investigation I think you
might see investigations in New York
City and New York State which would have
been deprived of lots and lots of tax
payments under the system in addition to
the IRS journalistically this is an
amazing story and one of the things that
I really love about it is it gives us a
template for where to look next the
schemes that Donald Trump's father and
Donald Trump I'm self-employed
to avoid income tax it gives us a place
to look okay did they repeat those at
those same schemes and other context is
this something that's happened more
recently under Trump's own leadership
and not under his father's David do you
think we will see and I guess this calls
for a judgment on your part but you live
this story too do you think we will see
the president's tax returns in our
lifetime and we're really asking me if
Democrats will ever win control of any
house of Congress because I don't think
Donald Trump will ever give them up if
the Democrats do take either house of
Congress they will have the power to
request and if they want to make public
the president's tax returns I imagine
that they will if they have that power
there's a mother things like uh some
lawsuits that are going on regarding the
emoluments clause where there could be
some discovery it's possible those could
lead to the revelation of the Trump of
the president's tax returns but unless
the Democrats get political power and
use that power to get those returns I
don't think we'll ever see them because
the secret of life is timing these are
live pictures from Andrews Air Force
Base as the president has landed from
tonight's rally in Mississippi reminder
the first lady is on her trip on the
African continent in Ghana first stop on
her trip he will now switch to marine
one fly over to the White House Russ
just for the folks who are going to read
it have already read it is there any way
to explain to laypeople
the effort that went into this how many
months how many people how many lawyers
how many words of our effort so it was a
18-month effort three of us my
colleagues to Craig and David Barstow
much of that locked in a room with
shades drawn we brought in a group of
sort of pocket Advisors very experienced
trusts and estate attorneys accountants
and whatnot who we could run by our
findings as they came up and then we
also developed a network of sources of
people who were in and around the Fred
Trump Donald Trump Empire during the
pertinent years here and then through
that process gained access to a couple
hundred tax returns related to Fred
Trump's businesses his general Ledger's
his bank statements and we were able to
collate all that into a sort of cohesive
narrative of what transpired on top of
everything else you must now deal with
environmentalists because I'm told
you're a tree killer
they added eight pages apparently
there's a print version of the New York
Times website that they put out every
day and they added eight pages to the
print run that meant bringing in Union
typesetters and printing workers tonight
for the New York Times so maybe you've
made the holidays more joyous for some
families and there are some trees in the
Pacific Northwest that are no more
obviously our message to the viewers is
that we hope everyone takes the time to
read your piece of journalism hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
