joining me now is NBC News national
political reporter Carol Lee and one of
our one of the reporters who broke
today's story about the Muller
investigation and that angle into
Kushner and of course our national
correspondent and NBC News Peter
Alexander at the White House Peter I
want to start with you Jared Kushner
I assume came to work today and he's
been coming to work this week well what
is the sense in that West Wing or his
days numbered it's a good question I
mean Chucky you hit it on the head there
this has been a brutal stretch for Jared
Kushner first his security clearance
downgraded his allies bolting and that I
think was a significant thing to focus
on over the course of this week remember
early in this week and this week has
felt like a year
Josh Rafael the guy who effectively was
the spokesperson for Jared and Ivanka
alone said that he would be departing
the west wing hope Hicks an ally of both
Jared and Ivanka departing as well Reid
Cornish another guy a guy who'd been
very close to Jared navona is leaving
he'd been focusing on the government
innovation portion here he's going as
well so like in terms of the folks that
are around Jared is sort of buttress of
allies it's not entirely clear exactly
who they are right now we know there
have been tensions between Kushner and
John Kelly for quite some time it was
striking to see the president say that
whatever John Kelly said on security
clearance would be what would go and
ultimately Kelly said that you know that
means Kushner is in effect being demoted
in terms of his clearances the only
thing that happened I guess in his favor
this week was the fact that Brad parse
Cal who is a close associate of Jared's
will be taking over the 20/20 campaign
that's interesting some people have
suggested if he were to leave that might
be a good landing pad where he might be
able to support his father-in-law from a
distance but the bottom line is from the
podium
Sarah Sanders says that he's still a
valued member at the end of the day it's
hard to know how he's gonna keep doing
his job diplomacy as it relates to
Mexico Middle East peace with a a far
less significant element of security
clearance all right Carol I want to get
into the aspect I think the the real
surprise in the story today is this idea
that Muller is actually reaching out to
foreign officials to get more
information on what what may or may not
be a quid pro quo investigation
that's extraordinary yeah it is and
there's a couple things that are new one
is you know the heat we've determined
that he's making he's trying to see if
there's this link between those
transition meetings and specific policy
decisions that were made in the White
House once he became a senior advisor
and so there's that piece and then in
part of trying to sort that out and that
involves governments like Qatar and
Turkey and in part of Muller's efforts
to sort that out he has reached out to
specifically for our national
specifically in Turkey through the FBI's
office in Ankara and that's
extraordinary because you know so far in
terms of what we know at least what's
been publicly disclosed
you know the thinking is mostly that
he's trying he's talking to people who
are in the US and that turns out not to
be the case the other thing is you know
the Qatari government has felt that
they've there are senior officials in
the government who felt that the
decision for the by the White House to
back this blockade that was advocated by
Saudi Arabia the UAE was in some sort of
retaliation for business discussions
with Jared Kushner that went south and
they were in town at the end of January
in early February and had all of this
what they say is evidence of some sort
of wrongdoing that links to to Jared
Kushner and considered for days whether
or not to turn that over to robert
muller and decided for now not to do
that because they thought their
conversations had gone well with US
officials and they didn't want to
further rock the boat so those are sort
of the three main elements of this that
are that are new and quite significant
Peter I'm curious the president we know
doesn't like when others around him are
garnering negative headlines on his
behalf
Jared Kushner is accumulating a lot of
negative headlines we know on one hand
he thinks some of them are unfair but
that doesn't mean he's happy that he
keeps accumulating bad press which what
do we believe here the president is
supportive of Jared and Ivanka staying
or now thinks it's time for him to go
what's true here's here's the bottom
line the president doesn't like
distraction certainly not distractions
like this and effectively every headline
about Jared Kushner recently has been
one that reflects poorly on this
president on the west wing and only sort
of adds fuel to the whole Russia
conversation that the president wants
nothing to do with wants to try to just
erase altogether I was reminded by a
former White House official that I spoke
to within the last 24 hours the fact
that after the president fired James
Comey the former FBI director Kushner
was among those who basically was was
happy with that that supported that
decision and you're reminded of him
thinking at the time effectively that
hey you know this may be one way to
handle the Russia investigation as
Lester Holt heard from Donald Trump in
his own words back then the bottom line
is it's actually made things only worse
not just for the president but for
Kushner himself at the end of the day
the president doesn't like distractions
but he does love families so I think
he's caught in between those two corners
where he's trying to figure out the best
way to resolve the situation when I was
overseas in South Korea and interviewed
Ivanka Trump in that conversation she
said to me of John Kelly the chief of
staff basically that the rules this is
struck me she said the rules that apply
to everyone within the West Wing will
the will apply to us as well we'll see
if the president is willing to live by
those Carol some might question why
Muller that will say we'll wait a minute
why is Kushner's dealings with countries
not named Russia part of the Muller
probe Howard Muller's team answer that
well I think they would answer that by
saying it is within their purview I mean
that it's a pretty broad mandate even
though it sounds quite narrow and
anything that would sort of be in the
sphere of potential conflict of interest
in terms of being you know your dealings
with a foreign government and you know
how Jared Kushner and and by the way but
there they all are also looking at
meetings that he had with Russians in
this same way whether or not meetings he
had during the transition with Russians
had influenced policy once once in the
White House but I think broadly speaking
they would argue that it is in the
purview because it's a it's a their
mandate is not just very narrowly
specifically on collusion all right
Peter eyes are they still trying to get
rid of John Kelly or not are they trying
to get rid of John Kelly that
a good question but Chuck what is
interesting is the fact that John Kelly
is the one ultimately who downgraded
jared krishna's security clearance sorta
in some ways makes him a little bit of a
protected man behind closed doors here
for the president were to get rid of
John Kelly at this point think of the
message that that would send wait i
downgraded your son-in-law and all of a
sudden you're booting me out I was just
doing the job you said it was brought
here to help add something clean thumbs
up so that's what three months six
months at least we'll see we'll see
that's true if you make a week these
days as you said this week felt like a
year anyway we talked about foreseeable
future we can we're hoping we can see
till next Monday at this we're just
trying to get to Sunday my friend Carol
I appreciate it thank you both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
