now I want to take you inside the White
House and explain exactly how Trump's
announcement came to me remember what
happened on Wednesday President Trump
had a very bad awful no good day on
Wednesday it was announced hope Hicks
was leaving president Trump was very
upset that General Kelly had downgraded
his son-in-law Jared Kushner security
clearance embarrassing and you know he
was fired up about Jeff Sessions so
Wilbur Ross his Commerce Secretary who
had been banging around the campaign and
the White House for months trying to
push this antiquated idea on trade
tariffs came and saw the president
pushing this idea and you know at a time
like that when President Trump is backed
into a corner and looking for a fight
Wilbur Ross gave him one president Trump
doubled down on this the announcement
came out that something was going to
come forward and I can tell you the rest
of the White House led by the likes of a
light house er a Gary Cohen a Steve
minuchin were apoplectic why because
they know it makes absolutely no sense
this is not a direct hit on China you
want to go after China IP is your issue
there are bad trade practices this isn't
one of them aluminum as a fight in the
past
China will take this and keep laughing
by yesterday afternoon when President
Trump saw the market go down he was
surprised he was joined in the Oval
Office by some of those executives and
general Kelly who you rarely see defend
those New Yorkers and the White House
told the president mr. president these
guys have told you hundreds of times
this would be the market reaction the
president acted surprised I'm not quite
sure why and here he is today in classic
president Trump forum doubling down now
it has been reported that there are
people in the Commerce Department
furious that Wilbur Ross did this
they're threatening to leave it's been
reported that Gary Kong could leave over
this but the president has extended it
until next Friday when he'll possibly
make this decision so the game plan for
many in the White House is to get the
President to wake up open his eyes see
the error of his ways and not make this
move for president the calculation is
difficult he's going to be embarrassed
the market is down and as I said before
that's the Trump trade honor bring my
panel in Eli so close and msnb
the political analysts Sean Patrick
Maloney is a Democratic congressman from
New York and Elise Jordan a time
columnist and former advisor to Senator
Ron Paul mr. so close to you first
Rand Paul did I say what I said you know
what I'll take I got a I am alcohol this
morning
apologies Elise Eli snow coals president
made this announcement he's gone he's
gotten heat from all over the place your
former paper The Wall Street Journal
read an editorial calling this the worst
blunder of his presidency and you know
the president loves The Wall Street
Journal Jerry Baker of The Wall Street
Journal loves the president and he
certainly is close with Rupert Murdoch
what do you think here well I think
you're right I mean you're right that
this was a decision that got made
because the president was angry and
backed into a corner and you know
there's this conflict within Trump this
is something that he has always been
clear about his protectionism on trade
was something that he sold to voters in
those states that he won those Rust Belt
states and so this is sort of where
Donald Trump has always wanted to go
with the breakdown in the process in the
White House of late around guns and
around trade you've seen the people who
wanted him to go in this direction kind
of have their way and there was no place
for Cohn and those others to come in and
sort of put the guardrails on and I
think the conflict inside Donald Trump
is not just that he's a protectionist on
trade deep down and wants to do this and
show strength wants to foment a trade
war tweeting about it using the word
trade where the bellicosity of the
rhetoric that is by design here but the
conflict is also that this is a
president who wants to be liked who
wants to be lauded and when the Wall
Street Journal when Republican allies on
Capitol Hill almost almost almost all of
them are clamoring and are upset about
this when they are pointing to a
precipitous stock market drop that is
something Sarah Sanders this morning
saying to reporters that he wasn't
deterred by the stock market drop but
she said you know there's always a
chance that something that is
anticipated to happen won't happen and
so we've seen the president do this
NAFTA and revert so we just don't really
know what he's going to do but there is
this tension between having these deep
strong feelings on trade and also
recognizing the chorus of critics and
the possible backlash and and being
somewhat fearful of it I think okay well
then let's just quickly myth bust to
sarah Huckabee Sanders a statements
there last night Sarah Huckabee Sanders
went on one of her favorite tweet
tirades where she said the mainstream
media never talks about jobs trade the
economy 100 percent we absolutely do
Sarah and I remind you the White House
hasn't offered me an interview with
anyone who works on those things since
last June and to say that this wasn't
predicted people knew that a president
made a move like this on trade on
tariffs the market would hate it and if
the president wants to be loved
he's gonna be loved by a very small
universe of people who he went and saw
on the campaign trail but not from the
markets and he does love the moral law
go crowd congressman I want to read for
you a tweet from President Trump this
morning when a country USA is losing
many billions of dollars on trade with
virtually every country it does business
with trade wars are good and easy to win
example when we are down a hundred
billion with a certain country and they
get cute don't trade anymore we went big
it's easy let's remind our audience the
trade deficit with China since President
Trump has been office has gotten bigger
yeah well you need a thesaurus for the
word stupid at this point because I'm
running out of descriptions for stuff
like this and it's bipartisan but just
because universally people who
understand this stuff know how dumb this
is don't forget that the president is
also good at some things we have a
special election going on in western
Pennsylvania right now what is the
Democrat Connor Lam gonna say about this
the fact of the matter is he won the
argument on trade all through 2016 there
are real real issues there there are
millions of Americans who are suffering
they think because of our trade policies
a bunch of us haven't done a very good
job explaining why the wonders of the
world economy help any of them and that
and the president is in a space that is
actually a political winner for him so I
my advice to all of us is is is we're so
sure he's done we forget how smart he is
on some things
he's a very good demagogue on issues
like this he plays off the fears of
people who are suffering and I'm not
sure it amounts to much because I think
he's just making making something up to
get through the news cycle as usual
particularly to get off the gun
embarrassment from the day before but
but I'm not sure it's his done
politically as anybody thinks but what
about when he needs to deliver he's won
this political fight you've got people
in western Pennsylvania and upstate New
York who do feel like they've lost their
jobs and it's unjust but now is the time
when President Trump has to deliver on
these promises because he won the
election right well except that except
that you know we're all golden
retrievers and he's got the tennis ball
right and so every time he tosses one of
these things we all chase it around but
he just he just picks up another one and
throws it in the other direction when
when we come back with what we think
makes sense so if I think it's base I
try I mean I didn't get a chance to
comment on Wednesday crazy and we're
talking about Thursday crazy and by
Saturday we'll have to talk about
whatever he says today I mean he's
tweeting this morning so I think the
responsible thing to do is to try to
focus in on what actually matters what
actually matters is that we do have
trade policies that help the communities
like a lot of the ones I represent that
have been left behind by this economy
that's concentrating wealth among
certain communities among certain types
of Americans and to really get at how we
grow wealth again in this country but
but we also have to compete on this on
this emotional level that he's frankly
better at where he simply plays off the
fears in the pain of so many people and
it's not enough to say that everybody
who took macroeconomics at a good school
knows this is dumb that's not winning
this communication challenge what is
what is gonna win it is when we say
listen we know you're hurting but here's
a better way to go and and and I know
that I know the market is a powerful
issue to him and you know he can brag
about the good market or he can crash it
he can't do both but but the fact is is
that I do worry that we are fallen into
another trump trap here where we go
running around talking about how
protecting the u.s. steel industry is a
bad thing we should we should think
about that before we say it but you
could make the point is he gonna be able
to continue this narrative through next
Friday like he said that he'll have some
final decision by next Friday if he
could successfully carry anything over
the course of the week given the chaos
of late the chaos since day one but I do
think that that's an important point to
consider that this is yet another
political frisbee he's tossing out there
and it resonates with millions of
Americans who haven't seen their wages
increased since the beginning of the
2000s and who actually think that Donald
Trump cares about trade issues and
making it more equitable okay you know
there are a hundred and forty thousand
Americans working in the steel industry
and that matters but these tariffs are
going to hurt companies that employ more
than 6 million people these are true
these are true statements to Eli so
coals do they matter because those
hundred and forty thousand Americans are
diehard Trump supporters and they are
hurt and he does speak to them and
President Trump is not someone who has
to stick by his word yeah that's right I
mean he's health sort of switched
directions and just you know it's hard
to sort of pin him down but I think you
know 140,000 people is an important
number but getting back to what the
congressman was just saying he's exactly
right about the politics and the
messaging of this there are a lot more
than a hundred and forty thousand people
who are going to read the politics of
this and even though they may not be
directly affected they are going to say
see he's doing what he said he was going
to do he cares about the depressed
working class workers in this country
and that's why I voted for him and so
this is something's another instance of
economic policy in this case where we've
already seen foreign policy and other
things this administration sort of
making policy based on the politics of
what got Donald Trump elected it's
appealing to that core supporter that
core group of supporters in those Rust
Belt states and I think that you know
it's hard to sometimes separate politics
from policy in this administration the
political shop believes very strongly
that these are the kinds of things that
are going to keep Donald Trump viable
even amidst all this chaos and
controversy swirling around his
presidency I am fascinated by this
moments ago the president sent another
tweet when a country taxes our products
coming in say 50% and we tax the same
product coming into our country at zero
not fair or smart we will soon be
starting reciprocal taxes so we will
charge the same thing as they
800 billion trade deficit have no choice
alright Sean you represent a lot of
these people in upstate New York and
while the majority of the white house
could be saying please stop tweeting mr.
president you don't know what you're
talking about and Wilbur Ross is feeding
him this what do you say to your
constituents in upstate New York who
like that tweet right what I say is look
if the president wants to have a serious
conversation about you know growing the
American economy I'm all in if we want
to talk about rebuilding our
infrastructure if we want to talk about
you know smart manufacturing we want to
talk about the skills gap so we are
doing better Career and Technical
Education for all the folks in my
district who can't take the jobs that
are actually open there with a low
unemployment rate that they could
support a family on there's so many good
things we can be doing but I do think
until you're in relationship with those
voters until they trust you they think
you get it they are more likely to go
with this guy because when they see him
crashing around among these global
elites who all kind of gather up gather
up their scorn for this guy that is
exactly why they supported them because
this whole system is so brilliant
internationally why isn't it working for
so many American ok they want it blown
up that's not a bug it is a feature of
this president and he's smart enough to
remember that and if he starts following
Gary Cohn around he is not the guy who
won the presidency so so some of us who
actually care about this who actually
who actually who actually believed in
addressing these issues not just
exploiting them have to fill that gap or
we will keep getting beat by this guy I
am tired of I want to drive it not ride
it and right now we're all riding the
Trump bus on this ok but then is he a
super genius cuz if that upstate hold on
it's that upstate New York voter who is
loyal to him who trusts him if they're
not leaving the bus but now put
yesterday aside you saw a president
Trump listen he was mocked by the Davos
crowd a year ago last summer when Jared
and Ivanka went to the Allen and company
conference out in Sun Valley
people were trash-talking them right and
left until they showed up and then you
would have thought it was like the Queen
and King of England
Gary Cohen has won over a lot of wealthy
people in the last year leaving carried
interest in with the tax cut
has Donald Trump found a thread here
where he's got his base in upstate New
York and he's also won over Wall Street
for a while maybe and I think this is
Elise's point is that you can you can
look this guy's making it up as he goes
along and and you can you can play this
for a while but you know the law of
gravity has not been repealed the law
they're not still what it is this is not
going to end well and the people who are
going to suffer are the very people he's
exploiting right now
some of us care about that some of us
actually do this to actually bring
substantive solutions to those very real
problems he is the wrong answer to the
right questions and we have to make sure
we are making that distinction I don't
think this ends well and then a bunch of
us are going to go around and try to
clean it up but the problem is is you
sound like you know the parents coming
home the next morning after you had the
party all night and and who do you want
to hang out with the people who are
having the party or the people who are
saying you got to get up and work in the
morning or now it's time to clean up the
mess so you better build a relationship
with these voters because we're gonna
have to ask some hard things of them
when this guy is done destroying our
fiscal stability throw a new debt on
this economies and superheating it at
the same time and creating this real
ripple among our allies in the
international trading structure that is
not going to be easy to undo if they
follow through on it the only good news
here is I think nothing comes of this
like so much of this Trump rhetoric but
but meanwhile we all exhaust ourselves
on this stupid thing and Vladimir Putin
is bragging about smart cruise missiles
that that can attack the United States
and the president nighted states is
nowhere on that damn Shyamalan is
nowhere on that artificial intelligence
have you ever heard president talk about
it never never I wonder how this ends
though if Donald Trump is still able to
attack the elites as just simply
blocking his agenda at every step in
turn and he's so brilliant at changing
the narrative - oh it's I had the right
intentions but it's just the entrench
deep state you know this isn't national
well it is national security but you
know this is the entreat entrenched
global elites who are blocking him at
every turn as he tries to make things
better for the American worker that I
think is the political risk
for people who oppose these policies hot
damn
that was a great conversation hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
