my favorite part of the show money power
politics we have got to get back to
terrace my next guest says the latest
move by President Trump can be best
explained by the movie Mean Girls which
as timing would have it happens to be
opening on Broadway this month Simon's
perfect Brendan Greely editor of the
economic newsletter and my dear friend
all we know so far
Brendan give this to me all right so
it's all a question of how much power
the u.s. has in the international trade
system so up until about 2000 the US was
as far as international trade goes
Regina George in the beginning of the
movie Mean Girls right we sent the rules
everybody else lived by the rules we
chose who our friends were you know
Japan tried to keep the yen devalue they
tried to make fetch happen we said stop
trying to make fetch happen they did
what we asked right we had power so then
what happened around 2000 was we invited
a new pretty girl into into the group
right we said we can trade with China
because it's gonna be good for us it's
gonna reflect well on us it's going to
work out that did not work out as we
plan and so right now we are in the
middle of the movie Mean Girls what has
happened is you know the Lindsay Lohan
character who enters the group there she
gains power she becomes more attractive
and she's not really a good person in
the middle of that movie that's where we
are with China right now we should not
pretend that China is behaving well they
are stealing intellectual property I
think it's easy to argue that China is
in an economic or a trade war with us
already the question is how do we
respond right so at the end of the movie
Regina George has understood what her
power actually is right and the boring
hard work of figuring this out for the
United States is figuring out what our
relationships are with our trade allies
figuring out how to make sure that we
lessen the consequences of international
trade particularly with China on our own
citizens that's the hard work that we
have not been bothered to do either
party so far for the last 15 years since
we've been trading with China right so
we have a choice we're choosing the
wrong thing right now this tariff is
lashing out in an indiscriminate way
it's a way to prove our power
again and like Regina George in the
middle of that movie we don't have the
power we think we do do we realize how
much power Lindsay Lohan I each ina does
this week and the headline swept by us
we learned that Xi Jinping could stay in
power indefinitely I think that's
absolutely right I don't think we do
there's a problem with the profession of
economics here which is that only very
recently last three years maybe five
years have economists woken up to what
trade with China has done to the United
States they call it the China shock and
there's some argument over it but
basically we were looking at the
aggregate numbers you know how did trade
the China affect unemployment what we
should have been doing and what smart
economists have been doing is looking at
how did it affect just Providence Rhode
Island how did it affect just parts of
North Carolina and it turns out as we
thought was happening they were utterly
shredding a few communities that relied
on a few things that China made cheaper
we were not prepared for that China
shocked and we still haven't done the
work that we need to do to make sure
that those communities continue to
thrive I've seen evidence although it's
by no means conclusive that says the
swing in the Democratic vote in the last
election was strongest in places where
there was the biggest trade shock so
China definitely has power over us the
problem is if we start if we create a
trade war right and it looks like other
countries are worried that there's going
to be one if you look at market
reactions all over the world this
morning
Germany is concerned Japan is concerned
these are companies that export they're
worried about a trade war the best
models we have of what a trade war will
do globally is that the US will suffer
the worst the US and China and Mexico
our main trading partners are going to
suffer very badly Australia will
continue to sell raw materials to China
Europe will continue to sell finished
goods to China China is growing as a
consumer market so we can no longer do
what we did in the 90s which is threaten
to cut off access to our a consumer
markets and get exactly what we want out
of the rest of the world
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
