no Willy though the the last two weeks
we it seems every day we've been
commenting about a chaotic president who
is actually taking taking it to the next
level I mean the level of chaos
literally increases by the day we
yesterday had Vladimir Putin basically
threatened nuclear war against us saying
he had the weapons that the United
States couldn't stop and was was
delivered the sort of speech that than
any other administration would have had
an immediate and swift response here
Donald Trump even it didn't even say
anything about it and not even because
he's bowing down to Vladimir Putin but
because he is so in snarled in his own
problems inside his White House when you
have a president United States whose
time is consumed by protecting his own
backside that is a terrible place for
the country to be because nothing is
about the country in front of them it's
all about the pressures that are being
put on him and if you talk about we have
Nicole Wallace's reporting will talk
about that HR McMaster is on his way out
you have to imagine Gary Cohen is
looking for the door this morning if
these tariffs are put in place
all of a sudden hope Hicks is gone the
pieces sort of fall away and you have a
man isolated and surrounded by people
who may not have the country's best
interest in mind let's go to former NATO
supreme Allied commander now the Dean of
the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
at Tufts University retired four-star
Navy Admiral James stavridis he's chief
international security and diplomacy
analyst for NBC News and MSNBC Admiral
always good to see you let's start with
the tariffs we've seen the reaction from
around the world Germany calling them
unacceptable Canada doing the same what
would be the impact there's somebody who
sees the map and looks at the globe and
understands how these pieces interact
with each other a 25% tariffs on steel
10% on aluminum coming from the United
States what would that mean to the world
economy I currently run a graduate
school of international relations we
spent a lot of time looking at
international economics international
finance international business there are
no winners in trade wars . and we
know that because as you alluded to
earlier about a hundred years ago 1918
what happens we come out of World War
one we decide we're gonna isolate
ourselves from the world we reject the
League of Nations and then we put in
place the hawley-smoot tariff had that
turned out well we cracked the global
economy and you can drop a plumb line to
fascism and the rise of the Second World
War so I think this is a very bad day
globally and it's not just the impact
here in the United States domestically
on other industries it's how our allies
and friends and partners perceive us as
withdrawing from the world that's a bad
day by any measure as you look at the
world what about the speech Joe just
referred to President Vladimir Putin of
Russia talking about missiles nuclear
missiles that he he says he has although
we haven't seen those tested what's the
impact of that speech and really the
lack of American response to it so far
yeah this is kind of the three-ring
circus right inside the country we have
ourselves pulling apart hammering at
each other
abroad our allies are disconcerted and
discouraged and then we see actors like
Vladimir Putin crime is always where
motive meets opportunity he's seeing an
opportunity in terms of the speech it
looked a lot like cue and the James Bond
movies showing us all the cool things in
the arsenal the bad news is there is
there are grains of truth in all those
things we've been watching those develop
in with US intelligence and now we see
Putin confident enough in this chaotic
world to kind of roll those out picture
a Soviet leader showing video of
missiles flying at the United States
it's inconceivable it's a result of the
chaos we're seeing generated I would
from Washington DC and we're gonna hear
from President Putin in an NBC interview
a new interview in just a little while
Admiral stay with us we want to talk
much more about that speech saying
Russia is armed with new highly capable
nukes and that there's nothing American
defense systems can do about it we'll
show you how the State Department's
responding but first thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the days
get stories and you can click on any of
the videos around us to watch more 4
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
