Russia's threatening us in a myriad of
ways and so far this administration has
been utterly lacking in effective action
we are missing an opportunity and an
obligation to do better against Russia
and what they have on the president so
far remains a mystery joining our
discussion now Malcolm Nance and MSNBC
counterterrorism and intelligence
analyst and Malcolm senator Blumenthal
just said that Russia is threatening us
in a myriad of ways we all knew about
the cyber attacks that the president
president Trump has refused to respond
to in any way today this nuclear threat
that President Trump also refuses to
respond to in any way what what is your
assessment of what Vladimir Putin
revealed today well I think Vladimir
Putin revealed a brilliant example of
theater what this is is a component of
Russia's hybrid war strategy which is
the AMPA propaganda political warfare
and everything just short of an actual
military operation but by doing that
what he did was did propaganda and it
was really not for our consumption it
was for the consumption of the Russian
people all he did was spell out that
Russia has nuclear weapons and they have
nuclear weapons which are capable of
reaching the United States which they
have had since the 1950s there is
nothing that he showed even with the
nuclear cruise missile coming around
that would be any new capability that we
don't know about we know about the ss-18
Satan intercontinental ballistic missile
we know about the nuclear-powered cruise
missile that they want to use which
would guide around all of these air
defenses but any of these weapon systems
even if they were threatened or moved
into an operational position would just
show that the United States and Russia
are in the same status quo that they've
been in since the beginning of the Cold
War and so how would you rank the
nuclear capability of the two countries
the United States and Russia one to one
you have to understand something we have
an arsenal of four thousand active
atomic weapons now Russia has just a few
more a few less than then
we have but it doesn't matter this is
what the the basis and dynamic of
nuclear deterrence is all about at one
point in my career I had to work pull a
short tour at a National Nuclear command
post and the first thing that they do is
they bring you in they sit you down and
they show a full scale simulated attack
one the United States with everything in
the Russian nuclear arsenal it's the end
of the world
so deterrence is that mission neither
president is going to be talking
seriously about breaking nuclear
deterrence and creating systems which
will give them an advantage in a dr.
Strangelove in way that they can beat
the other side in a nuclear war it's
never going to happen
it's just shell what about the cyber
threat that of Vladimir Putin he doesn't
talk about the the the attacks that he
actually carries out are the ones he
does not talk about and that's Russia's
real capacity that we know they have
it's not just their cyber capability
they have a seventy year or now 80 plus
year history of political and propaganda
warfare in which cyber systems have just
managed to weaponize our democratic
norms and use them against us what
happened in the 2016 election was not so
much the United States being affected by
Russian cyber warfare it was that the
United States has a free and fair system
in which those systems can infiltrate us
and use our own opinions against us
that's what they've really harnessed
democratic countries don't do that
evil dictatorial regimes do that and
Russia has just proven that they're an
evil dictatorial regime and we're back
of course to senator Blumenthal a point
that we keep wondering about he actually
said what do they have on the president
that's what he's wondering what does
driving Putin have on president Trump
that leaves president Trump silent in
moments like this you know I've just
completed a new book it'll be coming out
in a few months and I say that Donald
Trump is in debt in some way to Vladimir
Putin there is no way that anyone would
insult literally all of our allies NATO
the European Union and leave Vladimir
Putin former KGB director unscathed
something has to be
you there Malcolm Nance thank you very
much for joining us not really
appreciate my pleasure tonight's last
word is next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
