this is the way you run a banana
republic you have a strong man and his
family or running everything and making
a lot of money and their businesses and
to make sure that all the government
officials are loyal to them and it's
easy to corrupt those types of countries
and I guess that's the direction these
people want to take the United States
we're going to take a global superpower
degrade it into a banana republic but as
I say the only person who's going to
come out I had on this is Putin and we
are in very very serious trouble when
our national security is at risk and
people are leaving the government simply
because they can't get along with a
president who's just about nobody can
get along with and then we have Jared
Kushner running around cutting business
deals all over the world collecting
money he's deeply in debt to a whole
bunch of people who want something out
of the United States government you
can't even get a security clearance Bob
Miller's on his tail I mean this is just
a complete disaster in a little over a
year what these people have done to
degrade our country hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
