the white liar is out hope Hicks who
told the House Intelligence Committee
that she has told white lies for the
President of the United States is
leaving her job at the White House it is
not clear when her last day in the White
House will be she joined the White House
staff as a press aide and has spent the
last hundred and ninety-six days as the
White House communications director
after Sean Spicer failed spectacularly
in that job as the first communications
director hope Hicks has now made Sean
Spicer look like a master by comparison
she takes her place in history now as
both the youngest and the worst White
House communications director in history
she's 29 years old and demonstrated the
colossal II bad judgment and utter lack
of professionalism in becoming
romantically involved with White House
aide Rob Porter who two previous wives
accused of domestic violence hope Hicks
co-authored statements for the White
House including a statement by John
Kelly praising Rob Porter her boyfriend
after those accusations of domestic
violence became public she fought to
save her boyfriend's job inside the
White House and because the Trump White
House is filled with bad judgment John
Kelly joined her in that fight to save
Rob Porter's job it is a fight that they
lost and hope Hicks whose job it is to
make the White House look good made the
Trump White House look completely out of
control and completely unsympathetic to
the to abused ex wives of reporter and
of course that was an accurate
description of the Trump White House
they did not care about the ex-wives of
rock Porter hope Hicks John Kelly Donald
Trump did not care about them and hope
Hicks helped them to accurately
communicate all of that to the country
through her incompetence no White House
communications director has ever had a
worse episode in the job than that that
came after hope Hicks demonstration of
colossal e bad judgment and utter lack
of professionalism during the Trump
campaign when she got caught being
publicly engaged in a romantic affair
with the married man who then had the
title of campaign management manager
Corey Lewandowski she actually got
caught by reporters on the streets of
Manhattan having a lover's quarrel with
the married man she was having an affair
with Donald Trump had the good sense to
fire Corey Lewandowski during the
campaign but he never had the good sense
to fire hope it's part of why Hope Hicks
survived as long as she did as the most
incompetent White House communications
director in history is that to a great
extent the press corps interacting with
the Trump White House fell for her and
fell for her in a way that they have not
fallen for members of the White House
press team here's a moment from the
first week of the Trump administration
you will not see this kind of moment
with Sarah Huckabee Sanders and my years
of working in government in Washington I
never saw members of the press course
socially kissing members of the White
House press team or any other press
secretaries in around town hope Hicks
cast a special spell on reporters and
she controlled their potential access to
the president and other players in the
White House and she controlled access to
herself just yesterday Joshua Feld the
deputy communications director announced
that he planned to resign in his book
fire and fury Michael Wolfe reports that
Josh Rafael and hoe pics were working
together on Air Force one with President
Trump when they drafted Donald Trump
Jr's response to the New York Times
initial reporting that he had a meeting
at Trump Tower with a group of Russians
the special prosecutor has reportedly
been investigating exactly how that
responds to the New York Times was
drafted exactly what the president's
input was exactly what hope Hicks input
was the New York Times is reporting
tonight her resignation came a day after
she testified for eight hours before the
House Intelligence Committee telling the
panel that in her job she had
occasionally been required to tell white
lies but had never lied about anything
connected to the investigation into
Russia's interference in the 2016
election NBC News Kristen Welker
confirmed in a phone interview with
Republican Congressman Peter King a
member of the House Intelligence
Committee that hope picks
that she told white lies during her
testimony to the committee according to
cosmic King Democratic congressman
Eric's wawel asked hope Hicks if
President Trump had ever told her to lie
congressman King says that hope Hicks
asked to speak with her lawyers hope
pics went out to speak with her lawyers
and came back in and said roughly I have
told white lies and gave the example of
saying that the president is out of off
out of the office when he's really not
or that the president is delayed in
traffic or that he can't make a meeting
when he doesn't want to go to that
meeting
White House officials speaking on
background offered the usual spin in
situations like this saying that hope
Hicks decision to leave the
administration had been in the works for
several weeks and had absolutely nothing
to do with the Russian investigation or
her appearance in front of the committee
yesterday there is of course no way of
knowing right now if that's true one
problem that hope Hicks might have with
the special prosecutor involves mark
Corallo who resigned last year as the
spokesperson for the Trump legal team
the New York Times has reported mr.
Corallo is planning to tell mr. Muller
about a previously undisclosed
conference call with mr. Trump and hope
Hicks the White House communications
director according to three three people
mr. carala planned to tell investigators
that Miss Hicks said during the call
that emails written by Donald Trump jr.
before the Trump Tower meeting in which
the younger mr. Trump said he was eager
to receive political dirty but mrs.
Clinton from the Russians will never get
out that left mr. Corallo with concerns
that Miss Hicks could be contemplating
obstructing justice the people said hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
