thing one tonight Congress is now
investigating Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development Ben Carson
House Oversight Chair Republican trey
Gowdy is now probing quote excessive
spending on the redecoration of Carson's
office a story we brought you last night
now that comes after several reports
yesterday that a senior official at HUD
who said she was demoted for rejecting
Ben Carson's costly office revamp New
York Times reporting that HUD spent 31
thousand dollars on a new dining set for
Ben Carson's office spokesperson said
mr. Carson didn't know the table had
been purchased but does not believe the
cost was too steep and does not intend
to return it that last line is kind of
funny late last night Guardian reporting
that HUD had agreed has agreed to spend
I am not making this up 165 thousand
dollars on and again I quote lounge
furniture for its Washington
headquarters which I've been to and
don't recall a lot of lounges in just as
reminder ben Carson is the guy who
warned last year
don't make housing for the poor to cozy
interesting advice the Trump
administration is also trying to cut
nearly seven billion dollars from HUDs
budget cuts that would directly affect
poor and homeless Americans lavishly
spending government money and lounge
furniture and dining room says doesn't
look great for ben Carson but I will say
this for Ben Carson he at least did not
try to pull pilots from fighting
wildfires just so he could fly charter
the secretary who allegedly did that is
thing too in 60 seconds
so last month the Interior Department
said a man in a stick mistake after
Newsweek reported that it tapped wild
fire preparedness funds for secretary
Ryan's and keys unrelated helicopter
tour last summer in which he did not
visit any fire zones the department said
the $39,000 chopper was charged in error
to the wrong count he prompted Oregon
Senator Ron Wyden to call for an
internal investigation but aside from
misusing funds secretary Ryan's Inc he
may have pulled firefighting personnel
for the tour well there were 21
wildfires in the region that very day
CNN reports that Lukas rheya
a helitack Cruz
vizor whose facebook page shows he was
actively working on wildfires through
September is listed on the flight
manifest with Zinke for five stops on
July 30th interior did not say afraid
was pulled from firefighting duty to
accompany Zinke it appears there were
other requests for charter flights that
went unfulfilled including a separate
trip in July due to the active fires an
internal email says we're having trouble
getting to pilots for the charter
flights in Nevada and New Mexico we're
still waiting to hear from one more
vendor but please let me know if we're
willing to proceed with the flights if
there is only one pilot hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
