I'm joined by former US Attorney Paul
Fishman he's the one who prosecuted the
infamous Bridgegate scandal which means
he is no stranger to high-profile
political investigations mr. Fishman
welcome to the show thanks for having me
let me start with this idea of when
Muller is questioning our report has
Muller questioning various witnesses
about specifics on on on what Trump may
have known about different email thefts
hacks things like that is it how often
did you go into an interview with a with
a witness not knowing what their answer
would be versus having an interview with
a witness prop knowing what their
truthful answers should be but just
seeing where they would go well
sometimes it's both Chuck you know there
are some times when you start an
investigation in particular and when
you're talking to people for the first
time and early on you may not have a lot
of information but this investigation
that's been going on for some time now
we know they've interviewed a lot of
witnesses we know from the indictments
that they've returned we know from other
things that they have access to a lot of
emails to people's probably their their
chats we know if they've gotten lots of
documents from lots of sources and once
you start to gather that information you
have a pretty big window into what
people were saying and thinking and
talking about at a particular moment in
time so it's not unusual for people in
an investigation to find out that the
prosecutors the agents to whom they're
speaking actually know a lot about the
information that they're that they that
they seem to be seeking so that's first
the second thing I'll say is you know
when this investigation started the one
crime that we knew had been committed
was that somebody had hacked the DNC's
emails before we knew there was an
obstruction of justice before it even
happened before the before we knew what
Flynn did or didn't say or who we didn't
meet with in the in you know with the
ambassador what we knew was that the DNC
had been hacked and we also knew that
the emails that had been hacked had been
released so we had two crimes and so the
idea that now several many months later
the special counsel and his agents are
now talking to witnesses about who may
have known about those things who may
have had access to that information
before they happened and after it
happened really the end of the day isn't
that surprising what's really
interesting about Katie's scoop is that
she now knows
the witnesses who are saying that
they're being asked about that it seems
to me you brought up a good point a
crime was committed at the DNC and
against John Podesta that's a fact
at some point Muller is going to indict
those that he decides committed this
crime it's almost in the same way he
indicted the internet research agency
for doing what they did on Facebook is
that how you expect this to go that he
will narrowly go at the specifics of the
crime lay it out as a conspiracy and
then where Trump is a target is whether
he participated in the conspiracy well
so I think we're jumping the gun a
little bit on that conclusion I think
you're right I think you're probably
right that there's a reasonable chance
that Bob Muller and his team may seek an
indictment of the people who actually
committed those hacks but as you know in
any case in which people commit a crime
or or receive stolen property you can
join the conspiracy at any point along
the way some conspiracies are hatched
before something happens to people can
decide to rob a bank and do it together
one can then later join as the getaway
driver somebody later can join the
conspiracy by getting the stolen money
and then dispersing it there all sorts
of ways along the path that you can join
a conspiracy in this case the question
is did anybody associated with the Trump
campaign either during the conspiracy
before the hack happened after it
happened but before the emails were
released or later that's the question
now we have to be careful because just
passively receiving stolen information
or stolen emails might not give rise to
criminal liability but if you encouraged
it if you knowingly disseminate it
afterwards you can be an accessory after
the fact there are a bunch of different
crimes that you can have committed along
the way in addition to conspiracy you
know it's interesting when we knew you
were gonna be on today somebody my staff
brought up hey there's sort of a
similarity here when it when it came to
Bridgegate on one hand you had the
conspiracy you knew who it was but the
question was did you have enough
evidence to charge
Governor Christie you didn't you know it
could get both things be true that
collusion took place in behalf of the
name of the person but the person
themselves didn't know and therefore
they don't get charged is that is that
president Trump's best hope here so with
without touching on the bridge
investigation because as you know Chuck
I have been distracted for years to talk
about that particular aspect
the investigation the one thing I will
tell you is that before Bob Muller or
his team brings a criminal charge they
have to be satisfied that they can prove
beyond a reasonable doubt to a jury that
the people they indict were responsible
for the crime with which they're charged
and it doesn't matter what those people
are hiding in Russia where they're on
Pennsylvania Avenue in order for them to
bring that charge they have to be
confident they can stand in front of a
judge and a jury and say under our
Constitution we can prove these people
guilty beyond a reasonable doubt of
those crimes mr. Fishman it's a fair way
to put it I understand the potential box
I put you in regarding a case that you
had a try I understand that thanks for
coming on a chair interview sir thanks
thanks for having a job hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
