mrs. K teacher who has been the beat
reporter for the Trump campaign now host
of course of MSNBC live with Katy tur
and right here in this seat on most
mondays Katie let me start with this is
reporting this is what we know Muller is
asking this is not necessarily knowing
what we know Muller knows so this is
reporting by me and Cara Lee also of NBC
News and what is significant about it
chuck is that this shows that the Muller
team isn't just investigating
obstruction what happened after Donald
Trump took office what happened after he
fired James Comey why he did that they
are still focused on the original
question which is was donald trump
involved in any sort of coordination
between russia and his campaign at the
time of his campaign and they're
focusing on that that totally bizarre
press conference that's one of their
focuses because that line Russia are you
listening if you're listening seem to
come out of nowhere during this time the
DNC had had been hacked the emails were
just starting to flood out but Donald
Trump took it a step further he said I
want to find Hillary Clinton's emails
and now investigators are asking some
witnesses if he potentially knew that
John Podesta was ultimately hacked
before the rest of us knew before the
public knew ultimately John Podesta Z
mails came out in October and they're
looking to find out is there anybody
that could have been a back-channel and
Roger stone is he potentially that
back-channel cuz we know stone was
tweeting about Podesta's time in the
barrel on August 21st about a month
before these emails started to come out
from Podesta and if so was he also kind
of a back-channel for the Trump campaign
he had been hired a year before but was
he still working with them right does
the does your sources suggest that
Muller is asking because he doesn't know
the answer or he's asking because he
already knows the answer and he wants to
see how the witness handles it that is
the thousand dollar question I mean when
when you're talking to people who have
been interviewed by robert muller they
describe a very
intense interview they describe
investigators who know exactly what
they're asking and why they're asking
and oftentimes the witness will feel
like they've already know they already
know the answer before the witness
answers it one witness that I was
speaking to when when they left their
interview they left and told me they
believe very strongly that Robert Muller
has something on Donald Trump he has
something on this coordination
coordination collusion angle something
on Donald Trump's business interests
aligning with his political interests
and influencing his political interests
they don't know what it is but they feel
like he has something on that angle
another witness I spoke with told me
that these are not cops that are trying
to piece together a crime scene to
figure out what was going on they
already know they can tell you what room
you were in who you were sitting next to
in that room and word-for-word what you
said in that room they're now just
trying to fill in the small gaps so
we'll see if this line of questioning
leads to anywhere concrete but again if
this is a really big deal because Chuck
as you know Donald Trump has been saying
this has nothing to do with him that
this is obstruction the investigations
about obstruction now because they
couldn't find coordination well this is
showing you and showing everybody since
coordination is still a very big topic
with Robert Muller's investigators right
he's just not done yet all right I got
to ask you about the fact this fact
Katie everybody you've interacted with
in the Trump campaign from 15 that first
day to the inauguration they're gone
other than Jared and Ivanka yeah what do
you make of that what do you make it
Stephen Miller fair enough yes Stephen
what do you make of that and are you
wondering what I'm wondering which is is
Donald Trump looking feeling isolated I
would imagine he is feeling isolated I
talked to somebody right before I came
on the air who is also a former Trump
White House person and they feel like
Donald Trump's those are those that are
loyal to Donald Trump are being pushed
out because that they can't figure out
why they can't figure out why Donald
is allowing John Kelly to push out all
of those closest to him not to mention
Stephen Miller there's also Kellyanne
Conway who is still there and there's
concern about a with a source that I
just spoke to that Kellyanne Conway
could be the next to go but you're right
hope Hicks was was big for Donald Trump
is big for Donald Trump she was with him
from the very beginning she survives
scandal after scandal after scandal a
Corey Lewandowski was the one that was
there with her in the beginning he left
she stayed Sam number left Roger stone
left oh god the the everybody I'm
failing to think about names now right
exactly the list is getting incredibly
it is it's significant and I gotta say I
am I'm just as surprised as you are that
hope Hicks ended up leaving if anyone
was gonna turn out the lights I would
have imagined it was hope based because
she was so loyal to him she never said a
bad word about Donald Trump nothing even
confidentially she was always defending
him no matter what and she was always
trying to keep a low profile right no
and I think that maybe what happened her
profile got too high yeah anyway Katy
Katy tur thank you very much great scoop
on that front hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
