we are back with breaking news the New
York Times Maggie Haberman reporting
that hope Hicks White House
communications director is resigning
today I'll read you from Maggie's piece
Howe picks the White House
communications director and one of
president Trump's longest-serving
advisors said Wednesday that she was
resigning Hicks 29 a former model who
joined Trump's 2016 presidential
campaign without any experience in
politics became known as one of the few
aides who understood his personality and
style maggie goes on a report that she's
been considering leaving but her
resignation does come one day after she
testified for eight hours before the
house Intel committee telling the panel
that in her job she had occasionally
been required to tell white lies but
that she had never lied about anything
connected to the investigation into
Russia's interference in the 2016
election president acquitted in this in
the story in Maggie Haberman piece in
The New York Times NBC News still
working to confirm this news but Maggie
here has a quote from President Trump
who writes who says hope is outstanding
and has done great work for the last
three years she's a smart and thoughtful
as they come a truly great person I'll
miss having her by my side but when she
approached me about pursuing other
opportunities I totally understood I'm
sure we'll work together again in the
future
Eli circles is during the table you
covered this White House for a long time
your thoughts well there's there are a
few people in this White House closer to
the president than hope picks not just
proximity wise of her desk being right
outside the Oval but she was with him
from the start of his campaign and this
is someone who the president really
considers a second daughter of sorts
she's very close to Jared and Ivanka and
he really relies on her oftentimes more
than you know initially the press
secretary more than Sean Spicer maybe
even more than Sarah Sanders and other
advisers to interface with reporters to
get his story out there yeah and I think
it's a it's just a major loss for the
president and I would also view this we
don't know a hundred percent what is
driving this we know that she was
involved with Rob Porter that that had
to be a traumatic couple of weeks for
her to go through that we know that
obviously it's traumatic for a 29 year
old to be facing a grand jury and having
to testify and
talk about them potentially face some
legal problems as well but within the
White House what we saw we see Jared
Kushner on the hot seat right hope is
part of the Jaret and Ivanka wing
yesterday we saw Josh Rafael who was
very close with hoe pics this is Jared
Kushner's outgoing White House
communications director hope and and
Josh really worked together jared is in
some trouble and I think what we're
starting to see as the unraveling of
that power structure within the West
Wing I don't know if it speaks to to
what happens to Jared's position up but
certainly it's a big loss for the
president let me just throw out two two
thoughts and ask you to react to them
Jeremy I mean one we opened the show by
saying the Montagues and the Capulets I
mean it is a standoff and the the Jared
and Ivanka wing has suffered a big blow
which they are being stripped of the
clearances necessary to do his job with
Josh leaving we broke that news broke
during our hour yesterday hope Hicks
leaving that news breaking during our
hour today thank you news gods but but a
light speaking about her as a human
being I have the benefit of not knowing
her as a White House communications
director someone who testifies under
oath to telling lies is incapable of
having the title of White House
communications director even in this
weird White House yeah I mean it was an
astounding comment for a White House
communications director to make I mean I
could I can only imagine the hair on the
back of your neck standing up when you
heard someone acknowledging that they
had to lie to the press as part of their
job as a regular part of their job and
just
