let's uh let's go now that Republican
Congressman Tom Cole of Oklahoma hey Tom
I don't want to don't want to get into a
debate on the specific policy issues
want to talk much more broadly I am just
curious if you don't mind if I can go
down a checklist bump stocks would you
be fine banning bump stocks yes okay
what about an expanded background check
they're really two plants out there want
the NRA even supports and that's the
corn and Murphy plan you good with that
yes what about as it expands out and so
it's what Pat Toomey and Joe Manchin and
supported several years ago how about
that I need to go back and look at that
I don't really recall the specifics of
it when dealing with the Cornyn bill so
yeah on that one got to go back and read
and then assault-style weapons what's
your position on that
no I think that's frankly semi-automatic
is a legal weapon and automatic is not
hence the bump stock ban but no I would
not be for an outright ban how about
raising the age from say 18 to 21 I
think that's a decision honestly best
left with the states it looks like
Florida is going to do that some other
states have done it so to me that's the
best approach so we've been talking
about obviously gun deaths are down
violence has been down over the past 15
20 years but yet there seems to be an
epidemic of deeply troubled people
getting a hold of ar-15 style weapons
assault style military-style weapons and
going into schools theaters country
music concerts Baptist churches and
shooting people up how do we is there
anything that you believe the government
can do to slow down the rate of those
mass killings I think there's a number
of things we can do some of them are
broad and little amorphous but we need
to look a little bit of our culture and
the the prevalence of violence on
everything from movies to video games
and really relook at that because I
think that that really hurts some
trouble people second I think there's
some things we can do obviously in terms
of background checks we had a massive
failure in Florida by both local and
federal law enforcement had plenty of
crews not much excuse for it so those
sorts of things that can be done and
then I think you have to seriously look
at hardening some of the targets it's
interesting to me these things don't
tend to
in municipal buildings where there's
visible security on airports there have
me in places where there really isn't
any so you're really going to have to
look at spending serious money and
upgrading and hardening those targets so
that anybody that thinks about it knows
that if they go there they're certainly
going to be confronted you might get
some points you'd support sending money
to the states to make that happen I
would I think you know there's a federal
state local shared responsibility I
don't think we should all be federal but
yeah I think that's something we ought
to look seriously at doing on a grant
basis and again I think you've got to do
that within the context of the culture
of the state there's probably a big
difference between the way people in
Oklahoma would look at this and maybe
the way people in New York City would
look at this so but I think you've got
to have a flexible program work with
local people provide them with what they
think they need provide security for
their children congressman it's willie
Geist was part of hardening those
schools would you agree with the
president that some teachers ought to
carry weapons inside the school building
you know I again I think that's very
much an individual a local choice
personally I don't have a problem with
that
I don't think any teachers should be
required to do it you would have to make
sure you had adequate Cheney but if some
people wanted to do it
look I can't imagine the horror that the
students and the teachers felt I know
personally if I were there knowing
somebody was available that might be
able to stop it would would be a help
but again I think that's got to be done
within the context of what local school
boards and parents want to do so if the
teacher already had a concealed carry
permit for example they would be fine to
carry it in
yeah well again if that's what the
school board decided and they went
through the adequate training and
background chest like everybody else
okay that's pretty common in at least in
my part of what concealed carry is not
unusual probably one out of every two
households and Oklahoma has a gun so
again I that does not concern me I mean
I've moved in that world every day and
the people that have gone through
background checks and hold concealed
carry you know aren't they're almost
never implicated in any crimes that's
the point they've been tested we know
who they are they've given us their
information so I think those are people
that in
urgency situation might be helpful so
you you said no on an abandoned assault
weapons and I'm curious because you said
it's a legal weapon
well what about making it illegal like
how would that impact your constituents
in a negative way well I have lots of
constituents I live in a neighborhood
that's full of people that have ar-15s I
don't think I live in a dangerous
neighborhood they use them for sporting
purposes target practice it's a
normal-type thing for them there are
millions of them in circulation not a
few thousand so how you would actually
get them all back I think would be quite
a challenge in this country so try these
other things yeah what about if you're
not interested in getting them back
because as as at least I've said here
confiscation is a non-starter but what
about stopping to sell in the future so
people like Nicholas Cruz who get angry
get disturbed go into a sporting goods
store it gets a gun and shoots up you
know shoots up at school what about just
making purchases in the future much much
more difficult well again
Nicholas crew should have never had a
weapon I mean 39 times local law
enforcement visit his home FBI has
multiple tips nothing happened so that
to me is the system's failure but he
certainly shouldn't and people like that
if you're talking about you know
particular categories that identifying
and making sure they don't get them
absolutely true I mean he shouldn't have
never had
all right Congressman Tom Cole thank you
for being on this morning Thank You
congressman appreciate it still ahead
after a year in office there are still
questions about Donald Trump's foreign
business ties the Trump Organization
says that just donated foreign profits
from its hotels last year to the US
Treasury but how much was it and what's
going on in Panama
who were the foreign customer that was
at Hotel you can go to the Washington
Post tries to figure it out well
speakers when they're leave reporters on
the case Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
