but The Washington Post reports that
earlier this month Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein personally phoned
the White House Counsel to say new
information had posed an obstacle to
Kushner's clearance meanwhile new
reporting from the Washington Post that
officials in at least four countries
have privately discussed ways they can
manipulate Jared Kushner by taking
advantage of his complex business
arrangements financial difficulties and
lack of foreign policy experience those
nations are alleged to be the United
Arab Emirates China Israel and Mexico
according to current and former US
officials familiar with intelligence
reports on the matter the official said
that National Security Adviser HR
McMaster learned that Kushner had
contacts with foreign officials that he
did not coordinate through the National
Security Council or officially report
and that the issue of foreign officials
talking about their meetings with
Kushner and their perceptions of his
vulnerabilities was raised in McMasters
daily intelligence briefings one former
US official says that Special Counsel
Robert Muller has asked people about the
protocols Kushner used when he set up
conversations with foreign leaders a
spokesman for Kushner's attorney called
the report inaccurate information and
said they won't respond further to
unnamed sources peddling secondhand here
so let's start with you Casey there's
not so much to take in here but I think
that at least politically the headline
is that for the past two weeks we've
been seeing this stand down between
general Kelly and Jared Kushner and we
all assumed that Jared Kushner would end
up winning out and perhaps he will
ultimately at the end but this was the
most surprising thing at least for me
yesterday saying that actually general
Kelly had prevailed against the
president's son-in-law and got exactly
what he said he needed what what
should we read more into that the
president still has some moves that he
can make right at the end of the day
he's the president of the United States
and the way things are set up he gets
the final say if he wants to tell Jared
Kushner classified information invite
him into the Oval Office he can do that
that's that's his prerogative and so you
know to the extent that you know this
this is the last battle of this war I
think that's probably premature at this
point but I do think this idea that
Jared Kushner is conducting essentially
a freelance u.s. foreign policy is
something that is potentially really
damaging for him with members of
Congress with other stakeholders I mean
it's really a completely unprecedented
situation that you would have our
national security intelligence officials
getting essentially intelligence product
from our agencies that says hey this guy
that's extremely close to the president
that can walk into the Oval Office
whenever he wants that reads the
presidential Daily Brief is somebody
that our foreign leaders are actively
trying to exploit so much so that we
heard about it completely separately I
mean that is a remarkable state of
affairs you know john doe one of the
things that's interesting in the story
would be that HR McMaster would be
surprised that Jared was having these
meetings because during the transition
one of the complaints was he was meeting
with the Saudis he was young meeting and
talking with the UAE with China with
Russia with Israel I mean well before
Donald Trump was sworn in this guy was
the acting secretary of state and it was
every single day so I don't think I
don't know McMahon how he could have
been shocked by the fact that this
wasn't happening because that's what he
inherited well I mean the question is
what happened before the inauguration
and what happened after the inauguration
one of the dangers of having people with
limited experience who are kind of
dilettante Ashleigh getting themselves
into senior positions in the White House
is that they come in at high-level
positions not knowing the protocols that
people learn Oh
the course of a career in government and
I think it's perfectly plausible that
Kushner who you know never even sort of
thought about being a White House
official suddenly becomes a White House
official people call him on the
telephone he talks to them he goes and
sees them he does whatever he thinks
he's supposed to do because his father
and law boss says go go and do likewise
right and then somebody says what the
hell are you doing you know there are
there were systems we need to know what
you know you need to tell everybody what
you're saying what's happening at these
meetings well I mean one of the things
that surprised me Willie early on was
especially during the transition was
there was there was this feeling and it
said it on the air here that the world
began on January the 20th 2017 in 1967
borders what are you talking about 1973
but and it's not and I'm not just
talking about Jarrad here I'm talking
about the president everybody they
didn't want to hear about the messiness
and the ugliness of of whether you were
talking about the sunni-shia conflict
and what the history was of it or the
Middle East they just didn't want to
hear about it and there was a certain
naive quality about it that hey we're
yeah we're businesspeople we're coming
in here those State Department people
are fooled here would slide on the back
we're just gonna do a deal because we've
done some of the biggest deals in New
York City and that what that really was
I'm not being facetious that was the
attitude and you can see them like mr.
Magoo just sort of stumbling through
this diplomatic minefield Jarrod's gonna
do peace in the Middle East right slap
along the back it's it's always been
strange that a New York real estate sign
and a guy who owns a newspaper was gonna
solve Middle East peace doesn't mean
he's not a smart guy and might have some
new ideas but the idea that they were
gonna treat the United States of America
like the Trump Organization and
president Trump was have come in and
bang the table make a decision fire
somebody and just get things done was
always nice and let's be clear to all so
it's not like Jared walked in and said
I'm gonna be doing though Donald Trump
had no body that knew what
hell they were doing around him he
didn't have a bob gates around him it
didn't have you know anybody with with
real experience so he told this
son-in-law hey you go do this and his
son-in-law again anybody in that
position would be woefully ill-prepared
you said they'd say we're gonna do peace
in the Middle East and then they would
find out three months six months later
oh wait it's not that easy that's right
it Jeremy bash what's the practical
implication of this now because you
still have Jared Kushner who's working
on these foreign policy problems that
we've been talking about how does this
change what he's able to do now that he
doesn't have access for example to the
presidential Daily Brief that he's now
on secret clearance what does it mean
well it means he can't access any of the
intelligence community's products or
analysis and that effectively means he
cannot do his job as the top diplomat
overseeing the israeli-palestinian peace
process I've talked to folks from past
administrations and none of us can
remember a West Wing staff are working
on national security affairs who stayed
in that job with a secret clearance I
mean maybe in your in the West Wing you
could you know deliver the mail or mow
the White House lawn or serve navy bean
soup at the White House nest as an
illicit sailor but you cannot be
involved in policymaking you can't go
into the White House Situation Room have
conversations you can't prepare the
president for engagements with foreign
leaders you can't conduct diplomacy
yourself because part and parcel the job
is reading those intelligence reports
each and every morning and then working
on some very sensitive operations with
the players in the region I can't see a
single way that Jared can engage in
relationships with China with Mexico
with any of these sophisticated players
without access to top-secret sensitive
compartmented information I think this
is professionally fatal for him though
which raises the question Joe is this
the moment where Jared and perhaps
Ivanka go back to New York that a lot of
people have suggested may happen I don't
know I think what's also fascinating
though Mike is that Jared has much
closer relationships with people across
the globe foreign leaders than the State
Department because as we've said from
day one they
purposefully have undercut the State
Department and they haven't filled of
the State Department so they kept
control but you take for instance the
Saudi Crown Prince that is effectively
now making decisions on where Saudi
Arabia goes he went over spent an entire
week in there with NBS and that guy's
not going to sit down and talk to
tillers well Jeremy is absolutely right
in a normal world in a normal white
house that that Jared's
diplomatic career would be effectively
ended in terms of what he is cut off
from unless his father-in-law the
president United States decides to show
him each day the presidential Daily
Brief which he has the authority and he
has the authority to do it he has the
authority to do it although he has said
publicly that he that it was Kelly's
decision as to what we're going out of
this great guy I'm just saying he said
he said that Kelly was going to make
this decision and he presumably would
respect it but but from your frame of
reference Steve just in terms of
whatever it was that Jared has been
doing whatever he might be able to do
going forward the lack the failure to
follow established protocols when you
were working in the Obama administration
no matter what you were doing his cars
are you would have to go through a chain
an informational chain to so people
would know what you were doing look
whatever you want to say about President
Obama
there is absolutely no resemblance
between the way the Obama White House
worked and the way the Trump White House
is working Jared Kushner would not have
set foot in the Obama White House for
several reasons one because he's not
qualified as you pointed out trum prefer
to bring down people he was comfortable
with he knew even though they were
absolutely nothing but what they were
doing several seconds secondly the Obama
administration would have never let
people in without them being fully
vetted and all the stuff that is now
coming out about these people would have
been fatal to anybody and I saw this
happen
it's had many many people who wanted to
work in the Obama administration and
thirdly they wouldn't have let somebody
in without a clearance and so this is a
completely different show and we'll see
how it unfolds look I think Mike is
absolutely right
in the end do you really think that
Donald Trump is going to allow a nicety
like the clearance system to interfere
with his wishes in the street it depends
on whether he wants wants him out if he
thinks it Mahler's about to move on
right well that's so that's almost a
secondary question like whether this is
a convenient way to shuttle him off but
the point is that the process of
classification and security and all of
that in the executive branch in the
structure and the constitutional
structure flows from the President
himself
riten declared that Jared Kushner has a
security crisis within his power as
president to say he I grant him codeword
clearance he and he will have he can
call me naive but I think it's one thing
to bring in somebody was unqualified
give him some job whatever it's another
thing to first say that Kelly's gonna
make a decision secondly have Kelly
revoke his clearance and thirdly have
the principal I'm going to show you
top-secret stuff anyway I just think
that is not a grunt yeah I don't either
gonna mind you he told Sergey Lavrov he
revealed secret Israeli intelligence in
a White House meeting fair point so an
oval office meeting so we don't know I
do want to step back though really
quickly and John what do you make of the
fact that we have seen this sort of
slow-motion you know sort of this Austin
Powers moment where the steamroller is
coming towards and you know what's going
to happen and we all just assumed at the
end that general Kelly would be undercut
that didn't happen right well I mean
this is an ongoing story right so right
now if there was a war between Jarre
banca and Kelly Kelly has the upper hand
that can switch you know on a moment's
notice I want to make one point
something happened to trump and the
people around Trump those first couple
weeks when they were after the election
when they were looking into him Trump
divesting himself of his business and
his lawyer said you don't have to do
you are the president United States the
executive branch flows from you you can
keep your businesses you cannot be
prosecuted for a crime and you remember
that press conference and like a light
bulb went off over Trump's head that
said I'm bulletproof I'm in the clear
and whether or not that weirdly float
this antinomian you know thing flowed
down from him to Jared to all these
people who came in with no government
experience I think that's still very
redolent in the White House this idea
that they have a get-out-of-jail-free
card or trump at least has one and it
serve spreads down to his family thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
