as we continue to cover this breaking
news tonight about the National Security
Adviser HR McMaster and apparently other
White House officials airing serious
national concern security concerns about
Jared Kushner the president's son-in-law
who was just stripped of his access to
highly classified information we're
joined now by somebody who understands
these things if anyone does because
she's been there Nicole Wallace former
White House communications director for
president george w bush she now hosts
deadlines White House right here on
MSNBC which is the single smartest show
on cable news right now hi Nicole
how are you you just said that nay
through me I forgot everything I just
learned ok get let me ask you a couple
of White House protocol questions so in
the Washington Post tonight this strain
Harris is the lead story is the lead
reporter it this strikes me as as a big
scoop among big scoops yeah one of the
things he says is that McMaster was
taken aback to learn that Jared Kushner
was taking meetings with foreign
officials without coordinating them
through the National Security Council
and without officially reporting that he
was taking those meetings now is there I
mean that's having worked in the White
House that's weird right it's beyond
weird I mean and we'll find out through
the Muller probe if crimes were
committed through that conduct it's also
been on the radar of the intelligence
community since the earliest days of the
transition I mean before there was a
transition I think the the times of the
pose broke the story about the
back-channel he tried to set up with
Russia
so he's been having interactions with
foreign governments that at best were
inappropriate and unprecedented and at
worse may have involved criminal actions
now we've got in last month from The New
Yorker Evan Osnos and Adam F has had
that incredible press about China right
where the the thing that left out of
that piece was that people familiar with
US intelligence intercepts said that
Chinese officials discussed meetings
that happened between Jared Kushner and
the Chinese ambassador at which Jared
Kushner reportedly brought up his own
personal business interests alongside US
policy interest now Kushner has denied
this but that's a serious allegation
we've now got other US intelligence
intercepts described in The Washington
Post tonight were four different
countries are describing what makes
Jared Kushner vulnerable to manipulation
including his financial personal
financial difficulties his business
interests and his pursuit of foreign
investors for his family's business
interests while he's been associated
with the Trump campaign and and the
administration here's my question why is
it so dangerous for a senior US official
to be mixing his own personal business
interest in financial needs with
government policy so it's not about what
you think it was about the FBI
background check isn't about the FBI
looking at your answers on a form going
into the field to vet them out and
deciding if you have the sufficient
character or leadership skills to be a
White House aide that's to the White
House staff to decide they go out with a
single purpose the reason of your app
for your FBI field investigation the
reason that they go out and check the
answers you give on the sf-86 which is
the initial form of it or this or the
more advanced one is to see if you are a
potential target for blackmail Jared
Kushner as of today has not proven that
he is not a potential target for
blackmail and you're a target for
blackmail if you've done anything that
you would take greats that you would
take great measures to assure didn't
become public or wasn't made known to
your home government or to law
enforcement anything that you've done
that you're either embarrassed by or
would get in trouble about that you are
that you're concealing is potentially
something that would make you vulnerable
to blackmail manipulation by a foreign
government that's right and as with the
Russian investigation we talk about
these things though so they're all of
the past and we're in the process of now
unpacking it there's no evidence that
Jared Kushner's actions that that
prevented him from getting a clearance
and you have to keep in mind we only
know that he couldn't get a clearance I
mean NBC News broke the story but we
only got access to this information
about the myriad of people with interim
clearances because of the Rob Porter
scandal so because of the audacity of
the White House to leave an accused wife
beater in a position where he was
handling incredibly sensitive classified
information he would have been the
person where the president read it or
not putting the PDB on his desk that's
how we learned of the numbers of people
that were on interim status yeah but in
the case of Jared Kushner all the
reporting tonight bears out that that
not only had it been something that he
couldn't achieve it might have been
something that he would never achieve so
what I heard tonight from sources is
that that that Jared's sort of
deliberations about do I stay or do I go
and I agree with your list of three
people it is not sustainable for HR
McMaster John Kelly and Jared Kushner
all working the same place together it's
not a stretch to describe it as a snake
pit that's what it is but that this move
today was a consolidation of power by
John Kelly he has reached out to Corey
Lewandowski a powerful and influential
outside adviser he's done some
consolidating of power and influence the
the the get Lewandowski on his side and
this Brodsky to have his back because
Lewandowski remains very close to Jared
Ivanka this was an undeniable a Shinto
fishel out tonight to say Jared's a good
boy he does lots of work I'm sure you
heard the president say over and over
again he doesn't make any money here not
a good talking point all right we know
how that's worked out for others that
didn't make any money on the campaign
but you know the the problem that Jared
has now is that is that his wife is
who's got a portfolio that she enjoys
there's no natural graceful exit I don't
know I share your theory that that HR
McMaster may not be where he is for a
while but this is a very public power
struggle made public by their own hubris
and their own incompetence but now we
all know thanks to the incredible
reporting and in the post and the times
that not only was he operating without a
clearance but that he probably never
would have gotten one yeah and this is
McMaster and Kelly taking a stand and
basically saying we're drawing a line
there's a national security reason why
that kids got to go well it's it's but
it's McMaster and Kelly's saying there's
a national security reason why you can't
where he has to take this downgrading
parents I don't I know I have not heard
that they said he had to leave the White
House but I think having been publicly
embarrassed in this regard getting your
clearance stripped and your access
confirmation strip and I mean I mean
there were the reporting in the in The
New Yorker is not an anomaly I mean he
flew over and met with the Saudi leaders
and that wasn't on the list I mean it is
a known unknown the kinds of ways that
he's mixed foreign policy discussions
with his own sort of just people could
just say you know and they're
experienced at doing this he is not
how's your family business tell us
about your family's industry you know I
mean it's as easy as that to mix the
work of a policy advisor and the work of
someone and then you've got something
you can use it against him and then say
okay show us some of this classified
information and because those
conversations are ongoing how do you
ever clear them how do you ever stamp
cleared Nicole Wallace White House
communications director for president
george w bush and person who has been
transformed by the experience of
covering the drug administration like
you miss my old boss that's ernest
that's you know what was normal they was
normal lines of debates we're gonna
fight about this over a drink
you ever had a mini scoop tonight coming
up a scoop let a scoop mini that's
coming up in just a second stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
