now to our special report tonight it
begins with a classic Hollywood trope
the villain who gets caught only to
reveal getting caught was part of the
plan the Joker planned to be caught he
wanted me to lock him up in the MCU was
getting caught part of your plan of
course
ah shit this bird now Vladimir's
obviously not like The Dark Knight Rises
villain Bane for one thing Putin's words
are way easier to understand than Bane
but the Russian digital fingerprints on
election interference do raise a big
question both for our national security
and the molar probe why was it so easy
to catch the interference did Putin want
to be caught this is not an idle
question or hindsight the first man in
charge of this whole hunt a four molar
the man who literally lost his job for
following the leads former FBI director
Comey told Congress the Russian
operation was deliberately loud they
were unusually loud in their
intervention it's almost as if they
didn't care that we knew what they were
doing or that they wanted us to see what
they were doing
that's the domestic assessment from the
FBI but foreign intelligence veterans
agree the CIA its former Moscow chief
flagged the trail of breadcrumbs the
Kremlin deliberately left leading from
Trump tower to the Kremlin this
operation he wrote was meant to be
discovered and there's more while Putin
still formally denies interfering in the
election which he told Trump and he
tells Western media we found Kremlin
programming from inside Russia telling a
very different story now the Kremlin
pushes state-run TV programming and the
anchors they openly gloat about this the
vibe is a kind of triumphant trolling
about owning president Trump take a look
at this coverage of Trump's refusal to
enforce sanctions against Russia
let's continue our tiny modest Russian
celebrations again he may be ours but
the treasury chief still isn't
unfortunately we'll keep working on that
president Trump is ours again when a
recent video suggested Donald Trump
didn't know the words to the national
anthem which honestly that could be a
ripe thing for any Trump critic in any
country to just make fun of but Russian
TV didn't just mock him it returned to
the idea that maybe Trump's loyal to a
different anthem a very explicit
reference in Russia because the words to
the current anthem were only added by
Vladimir Putin in 2000 replacing a
previously wordless
anthem looks on up there laughing at
Trump again this time it was the singing
of the national anthem during the Super
Bowl
the American president attempted to sing
along but apparently forgot the words or
decided to make up his own
maybe singing in Russian let's don't
match though who knows who knows
now this international trolling comes as
Trump's own Secretary of State who made
lots of money in Russia says Russia may
interfere again and that's hard to stop
if the point is if it's their intention
to interfere they're going to find ways
to do that and we can take steps we can
take but this is something that once
they decide they're going to do it it's
very difficult to preempted difficult to
preempt it but is it difficult to even
try consider tonight's news that when
pressed under oath with trump's spy
chief revealed the trump hasn't ordered
him to even try to stop Russian
interference which obviously drew
condemnation in Congress I believe that
President Putin has clearly come to the
conclusion there's little price to play
here bingo and that therefore I can
continue this activity yes we're taking
steps but we're probably not doing
enough okay so she wants to know and I
want to know why the hell not gonna take
the notion that you have not been given
this mission to stop this from happening
this year is outrageous and the notion
there is that with Trump's people in
power Russia has little to fear as their
own media figures are suggesting then
that solution move was from that
standpoint the longer Trump remains in
power the better it is for us we're just
biding our time and here is where
propaganda partly meets reality Russia
did interfere Russia did get caught
experts say Russia did want to get
caught partly to cultivate the
propaganda perception that Russia can
control events in the US now of course
we know the truth is more complicated
those state TV hosts they can brag about
things that never even happened
Russian interference was real but we
don't think it has to define American
democracy and Putin knows the US has the
stronger military he cares about those
us-led sanctions because they hit his
pocketbook and if Russia had a truly
powerful secret tool to
entire US elections it would probably
keep that weapon secret in order to
continue deploying it not hype it in
public so much and that brings us back
to the villain who wants to get caught
it brings us back to a famous Russian
proverb little thieves are hanged but
great ones escape the Russians who
interfere did not escape Bob Maloof Bob
Muller identified them and a whole lot
of other people and indicted them and by
all accounts molars not finished I'm
joined now by Malcolm Nance former DHS
counterterrorism and Intel about Putin
spies trying to steal the election
Malcolm what do you think of the
possibility the Russians really did
intend to get caught and the wider story
they're telling domestically I think
your your hypothesis that they don't
care is much more accurate than they
wanted to get caught they had used the
fancy bear and cosy bear systems to hack
numerous other countries we know the
German Bundestag T V France five they
took over the the you know the the
Ukrainian power plant system the
Pentagon once before the White House
they used this mountain where sweet over
years and they knew that we would
eventually figure it out but I think
they understand our psychology far
better than we understand theirs they
believe that the United States as a
democratic system is it is a frozen and
will be impossible for us to make a
decision without having a very long
discussion you have to understand
something
Putin has a deep contempt of liberal
democracy Western democracy he feels
that this should be replaced with an
axis of autocracies and he took his shot
to get his man into office in order to
affect that now Donald Trump is in
office he feels the United States is
frozen in amber we're never going to do
anything so technically a spymaster in
chief of russia former ex KGB officer he
is a Bond villain I mean I wouldn't be
surprised if he has a cat when you look
so when you look at that footage
internal to Russia what do you see there
in terms
what what their strategy is you're
seeing a brilliant example of propaganda
warfare using political warfare tools
they use state-run media and state-run
media will go out and project the tail
end of whatever it is that they are you
know they want to craft for internal
consumption and external consumption
this started if you want to see the
first time they really use this well
it's when they put Michael Flynn as
former director of Defense Intelligence
Agency at the right hand of Vladimir
Putin at Artie's 10th anniversary party
along with Jill Stein and some other
people those people didn't speak to
Putin but to the Russian people Michael
Flynn former director of intelligence
sitting at the right hand of a former
KGB officer the first director of
Russian intelligence FSB that looked
like he owned him and he's doing the
same thing with this administration
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
