thing one tonight President Trump spoke
to governor's the White House yesterday
arguing the answer to school shootings
is to have more guns including the NRA
back solution in quotes of arming
teachers to quote hardened schools but
oddly enough just down the hall at the
very same time the first lady was
addressing the governor spouses and
seemed to have a very different message
I have been heartened to see children
across this country using their voices
to speak out and try to create change
they're our future and they deserve a
voice was the first lady trying to send
a message to her husband down the hall
saying the students deserve a voice and
she's heartened to see them speaking up
to create a change I mean after all the
change that most of them want is exactly
the opposite of one that Donald Trump is
pushing one of the most outspoken
students from Parkland shara Chadwick
who tweeted Donald if you're only going
to listen to one thing I say I'm begging
it to be this arming teachers is an
idiotic idea so far it doesn't appear
President Trump is listening to those
students instead he might be taking cues
from what he's watching during executive
time and not only Trump TV perhaps there
was a TV classic on that DVR and that's
thing too in 60 seconds in the wake of
Florida's school shooting the ideas
coming from President Trump are the same
ones coming from the NRA more guns
including armed teachers and personnel
Trump says would be quote instantly
shooting but the more guns argument is
nothing new in fact it was made over 40
years ago in an episode of all in the
family Archie Bunker appeared on the
local news to deliver a rebuttal to gun
control that sounded an awful lot like
the Trump NRA talking points today only
it was a punch line back today and as
you stickups in your sky jockeys which
that was up to me I could end the sky
Chinese tomorrow you could what you got
to do is arm all your passages there
he ain't gonna dare to pull out though
right and then your airlines then they
wouldn't have to shake the passage on
the ground or more they just pass out
the Presto safer getting in the truck
that's incredible
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
