Trump wants Monday February 26 2018 you
could call it the Trump two-step it goes
like this say anything you want now
do anything you want later when the heat
is on say good things about the dreamers
say you're going to take care of these
people who are brought to this country
to young age not to worry president
Trump is on your side now wait a few
weeks for the heat to be off then
when people have forgotten all those
commitments you made about how you were
going to look out for the dreamers drop
all that when horror struck parkland
Florida that high school Trump began
this same two-step when he was on when
everyone wanted something done about
guns being brought into schools to kill
students Trump talked to pal he too
wanted something done he talked about
such gun control measures as banning
bumped stocks which make a
semi-automatic rifle ones are automatic
and even about raising the age
requirement for buying ar-15 assault
rifles let's wait now to see how he
takes the second step to find a way of
avoiding all these commitments and
leaving everything the way it is until
the next school shooting hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
