I want to bring my panel and Phil
trucker is White House bureau chief for
the Washington Post
Ron and Sanne is a CNBC contributor and
Reverend Mark Thompson a civil rights
activist who hosts a program at Sirius
XM progressive talk radio and he truly
must have had rollerskates on to get
here this quickly so I thank you for
that Phil to you first I want to talk
about the president's meeting today with
the governors walk us through their
politics are they as divided down party
lines as we see members of Congress
aren't we know a lot of members of
Congress spent a lot of time in
Washington so they don't have to face
the music back at home the governors are
in a different situation and back at
home students teachers corporations
parents they're pushing here and it's
not politics it's safety yeah that's
exactly right Steph and the gun issue is
not a clean-cut partisan issue in the
States and there have actually been a
number of states that have been far
ahead of Washington on enacting tougher
background checks and other restrictions
in the wake of the Newtown shootings and
all the other mass shootings of the last
few years so I think the president's
going to hear an earful from these
governors about what's working in their
states and what they're trying to do in
their states and just look at Governor
Scott as an example in Florida he's
taking a pretty interesting approach on
guns just in the last week or so in
reaction to the parklands shooting but
he's not alone a lot of these state
executives are trying to create some
reforms to make their own states in
their own communities safer remember if
it's only a few states all people need
to do is walk across state lines to a
state with lacks laws and get those gun
right mark yesterday a hundred and fifty
five heads of schools penned an open
letter it was printed in the New York
Times to the President and lawmakers
urging them to do something to help keep
schools safe the letter was printed
yesterday as I said 155 heads of school
already it's up to 235 school heads they
were originally from the New York area
now it's pushed to New Jersey Florida
and I want to share a quote from it
where they write we implore you mr.
president and our national legislative
leaders to do everything necessary to
stem this tide of senseless gun violence
we stand ready to help in this effort
and encourage our colleagues leading
schools across the country to join us
above all we demand
that reason and compassion prevailed
this as I said was in yesterday's New
York Times the man who penned it I know
dr. David O'Halloran but there's nothing
political in here they're saying we're
educators we want to educate students
and there's a new CNN poll out saying
70% of people favor stricter gun control
this is the highest number we've seen in
25 years
a true spike since even we saw after
Sandy Hook
so is there change here I believe so
thank you hear me is always 70 we what
we're seeing in the reaction to parkland
is the reaction I think a lot of us felt
we should have seen after Sandy Hook
unfortunate didn't happen then but this
momentum led by these young students
down in Florida has been tremendous and
overwhelming so I think we can
anticipate a change and as someone you
know who's been involved in black lives
matter movement have been very very
critical of police but I just want to
say this I have some empathy for those
police officers in Broward County we
need to hear their side of the story
because I'm not certain that they knew
how to handle that situation do you run
into a burning building in that way and
it's interesting normally the NRA I on
opposite sides they would defend police
in all matters but in this situation
they're attacking police because it
hurts their argument of teachers having
guns which by the way is absurd this is
not something I'm not certain this is
something you can absolutely train for
more guns increases gun violence so more
guns teachers having guns not the
solution at all so I think we need to
look at this and I think people are
finally saying we need some sensible
solutions and the solution is not
bringing more guns into the equation Ron
what do you make of corporations cutting
ties the NRA is saying no big deal and
the NRA might have a point
because NRA has single-issue voters
behind them that all show up to vote so
we could see and we could applaud them
First National Bank Hertz Delta MetLife
stepping back and saying we will no
longer be tied to the NRA will that
impact any votes because that's what
actually matters here and not to dismiss
the importance and the beauty of this
movement but if the movement
ends up simply being talk then well of
course and I think it's it's an
important symbolic first step insofar as
these companies do not want to lose a
generation of customers who are becoming
increasingly vocal and who will vote but
it's not enough I think that from the
corporate perspective there needs to be
much more social responsibility in this
regard I think we should look to the
tobacco industry as a template for what
needs to be done which is not only we
never banned cigarettes but you can ban
assault weapons you can ban oversize
clips you can ban semiotic well what
they have the law on their side and they
do and it's cigarettes for killing you
exactly well and we kind of know that
with guns right so states are States
Attorneys General led the charge against
the tobacco industry if you'll recall
they could launch suits against these
companies to make them liable for the
deaths of those who are fallen because
of gun violence and you can also see
class-action civil suits by individuals
I think that would really change the
tide and I think that conversation needs
to be had now that's interesting Phil
Rucker the NRA has now come out against
age limits for gun purchases and the
president has said he supports it how
much of this argument do you buy here is
the president going to defy the NRA or
they're gonna have a side wink wink nod
nod deal here how is this all gonna go
well for now all we know is the rhetoric
we know what the president's been saying
publicly and he wants to raise that age
limit
White House officials that I've talked
to about this issue say that he's
willing to ruffle some feathers with the
NRA on this point but I also know that
this is a really important point for the
NRA in particular for the leaders of the
NRA Chris Cox and Wayne LaPierre and
others who are speaking personally with
the president about it they want that
age to stay at 18 it matters to them
they're gonna put the full muscle of the
NRA behind it and it'll really be an
open question here about whether
president Trump's willing to defy the
NRA or just willing to sort of say a few
things publicly but behind the scenes
cut a deal with the NRA and keep that
that age at 18 so we'll have to see well
you've got to wonder what motivates
President Trump and while this is going
on you've got the molar investigation
going on and if there is one group that
will not believe Robert Muller's
findings if they come out and hurt the
president it is that far-right NRA
Trump supporting group and president
Trump cares a lot about that support
because while he may bring some people
over from the left if he takes action on
gun control that same group of people
there's a good chance they're gonna
believe what Robert Muller has to say if
he does have negative findings I want to
share what the president's daughter and
senior adviser to the White House Ivanka
Trump had to say in a sit-down exclusive
interview with our colleague Peter
Alexander at the Olympics I think that
having a teacher who is armed who cares
deeply about her students or his
students and who is capable and
qualified to bear arms is not a bad idea
but it's an idea that needs to be
discussed it's an idea that needs to be
discussed so I want to make it clear my
team and I have reached out exhaustively
to find teachers school heads who
support this idea of teachers carrying
guns in school I can't find any what is
your thought on this I mean to Ivanka
Trump this this list of a hundred and
fifty five school heads are New York
City school heads I'm pretty sure
wherever your children do or will plan
to go back to school in New York don't
support this so where is this coming
from
you know Stephanie my mom was a teacher
for 25 years my sister was a Jew for 20
years my mother was held with a wooden
spoon but there is no way on God's green
earth she could have operated a firearm
in a classroom where she had 35 students
if somebody would have walked into her
classroom with an assault weapon and she
had to go unlock a pistol in addition
the panic attack that would have been
sued there would have been no way it was
a geez teachers should be responsible
for holding firearms and one of the
young ladies who was shot and killed was
hit nine times as this gunman went on a
shooting spree nine times just herself
how does it shoot errs they're wearing
helmets and kevlar vests
if school budgets don't include an aid
in classes that have upwards of 25 kids
you've got teachers who can't handle
that amount of students really what from
a risk perspective how do you look at
this well I was a teacher and I come
from three or four generations of
teachers in my family
it's it's absurd and you know some
teachers and
don't have resources in the classroom
that they need they have to come out of
pocket to even have some of those
resources nobody's focused on having a
gun and and and I would imagine that
that many teachers are interested in
teaching and not learning how to use a
weapon and being trained to use a weapon
not to mention this this is the same
argument there was route using the
Aurora theater shooting that if we had
more good guys with a gun well just like
those cops it's why we need to talk to
those cops and Broward if you show them
and everybody's got a gun you don't know
who has a gun how do you know who the
assailant is and who the good guys are
how are you able to discern that in a
split second so this doesn't this
doesn't solve the problem at all alright
gentlemen thank you so much hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
