and I said are you can you believe it
you know I say every time I hear that
the wall gets ten feet higher you know
that except for one senator who came
into a room at three o'clock in the
morning and went like that we would have
had health care too we would had health
care to remember
one person walked into a room when he
was supposed to go this way and he said
he was going this way and he walked in
and he went this way
and everyone said what happened what was
that all about
boy oh boy hey who was that I don't know
I don't know I don't know I don't want
to be controversial so I won't use his
name okay here are classless you know so
John McCain as everybody knows it's an
American award of hero he's given his
entire life to the people of this
country he was a Navy pilot he was shot
down in Vietnam he was beaten he was
battered he was tortured he refuses to
leave he was given the opportunity to
leave because his father was
well-connected a top admiral he refused
to leave and said I won't go until all
of the men with me go kept getting
beaten up Kant has never been able to
lift his arms that would be the opposite
of deferring at all yeah five times five
deferments bone spurs everything else
but John McCain was a hero he came back
I think you know I worked with Reagan he
was he was a conservative congressman
and for the most part as but even beyond
that Mike Barnicle the inhumanity of not
only the president the United States we
expect that from him
now with the people in the audience to
be booing a man who is fighting for his
life whose family is going through sort
of suffering that only families who have
watched their loved one die of cancer
fight through cancer can understand and
the inhumanity the unkindness can not
only the president we expect that from
them now but the people in the audience
leaves me to ask the question who are
these people I've asked this question
before I grew up and the conservative
movement I grew up in Southern Baptist
churches across the deep south I grew up
the people who went to CPAC I grew up I
mean I I yeah I'm at a complete loss as
to the lack of character in people whose
souls are so darkened I hate that they
would boo a man who gave his all who
walked through life with physical
ailments because he gave his all to this
country in the uniform and then came
back home and gave his all in service to
this country
well Joe I think many of us many
Americans have grown used to seeing the
President of the United States
exhibiting once again examples of lack
of empathy humility but I don't think
we're used to the President of the
United States speaking to an audience
that basically one would think belongs
to a parallel universe and another
question you raised one that you'd want
to ask I would like to ask the people in
that audience who booed John McCain
and cheered the idea of a snake poem
indicted and implicating every immigrant
as being a poisonous snake snake among
us I'd like to ask each one of you how
were you raised well and and what's your
vision of conservatives much a vision of
America you applaud Roy Moore you
applaud a member of the National Front
who says that her life's mission is to
fulfill her grandfather's work who was a
Nazi or a Nazi sympathizer
and you boo John McCain who gave his own
service to his country while he and his
family are watching him fight for his
very life not to mention what was said
about Michael Steele I mean this is why
a different planet thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
