well let me say in terms of registering
and engaging young people we're the
largest grassroots organization to try
and engage young people people under 35
in our democratic process so it's a it's
a natural extension for us to go to high
schools which we've done before to make
sure that eligible voters there are
registered and participate but I think
we can clearly see in the wake of this
tragedy that the administration and the
Republican Party are not taking sensible
common-sense steps to make sure that our
young people are safe and I think that
the president's job number one job is to
protect the safety of the American
people and in particular young people
people under the age of 18 who are
absolutely dependent on the state and I
think it's shameful the way he's
responded to this crisis well I was
gonna ask about your response to the
president's proposal about possibly
arming teachers and other school staff
members with guns which is something
that is already happening and has been
going on for years in places like Texas
what are your thoughts on that look I
think when we look state-by-state or if
we look for instance to Australia where
they took guns away they had a sincere
attempt to reduce the number of guns in
their population you see the amount of
gun violence go down by over half so the
idea that the way to stem gun violence
is to make sure that there are more guns
present there's more opportunity for
violence is something which is you know
on the face of it makes no sense
and I think that his proposal to arm the
teachers is of the same caliber and the
same value as his proposal to make the
Mexicans pay for the wall between our
two countries the fact of the matter is
on the face of it it makes no sense it
may make some political sense for him
but in terms of preserving the safety
and the lives of American children it
makes absolutely no sense and it doesn't
deserve any real discussion the question
is why is the President of the United
States not protecting our children
that's the real question
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching and
NBC on YouTube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
