Kendyl a nyan one of the more
interesting pieces of this I thought was
that one of these charges that gates as
being is facing has to do with lying to
Muller's team in the last month as they
were negotiating this plea and he lied
apparently about a meeting with a
pro-russian congressman as how is how
its described who NBC News has reported
as Dana Rohrabacher what do we know
about that meeting why was it
potentially significant and why would
gates lie about it that's that's a great
question Casey Dana Rohrabacher Sophos
has acknowledged to us that he was the
congressman in the meeting and portrayed
it as kind of an innocuous meeting and
according to the charging documents
gates lied about it because it was
essentially a it was about Ukrainian
lobbying which he wasn't supposed to be
doing because they hadn't registered but
it's just absolutely unheard of and
bizarre to be lying while you're in a
proffer he was there negotiating with a
plea and you know you're allowed to
admit to crimes under those
circumstances the only thing you can't
do is lie but apparently he did that and
open himself up to further charges and
it really seems like you know there was
some back-and-forth in recent days about
whether Gates was gonna plead there were
stories about maybe he was firing his
lawyer and it seemed like it was a close
call and at the end of the day this may
have been one of the things that pushed
him over the edge because this was such
a clear-cut case they had him dead to
rights on the lie and now he's pleading
and I just want to go back to something
Frank said about about how this seems
like something out of a mafia movie The
Sopranos you know I've been saying that
Robert Muller is approaching this case
like he's prosecuting the Gambino crime
family people reminded me today that he
actually did supervise the prosecution
of the Gambino crime family back in the
90s and he approved the deal with the
hit man Sammy the bull Gravano who
turned on John Gotti and made that
prosecution possible this is a man who
killed 19 people so Robert Muller knows
how to flip people and we've seen that
again today Frank tell me more about
that what's it like to be in a room with
Bob Muller when he is putting this
that's kind of these kind of screws to
somebody so look he he gives direction
well to his senior staff he surrounds
himself with people who have the
skillsets to do that and he's created
that dream
team in in the special counsel's office
right now but what he does is he he is
relentless in drilling down on the facts
he is data-driven and data analytics
driven so if you're gonna try to smoke
him if you're gonna try to to weasel
around him as a defendant there's no way
you're going to escape it escape his
command of the facts and that's
ultimately what wins the day Jennifer
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
