in a long often rambling speech to CPAC
today
delivered the president delivered a
truckload of red meat and made sure to
mention a group he frequently targets to
push his immigration restriction
policies I'll tell you what when you
deal with ms-13 the only thing they
understand is toughness you know they
don't like guns you know why they're not
painful enough these are animals they
cut people they cut them they cut them
up in little pieces and they want them
to suffer and we take them into our
country because our immigration laws are
so bad the president and his
administration have made a point of
bringing up Emma thirteen again and
again and again ms-13 the cartel has
spread gruesome bloodshed throughout the
United States
this ms-13 somebody said they're the
equivalent of al Qaeda utterly without
laws conscience of respect for human
life they're animals
what they do is horrible ms-13 members
brutally rape Rob extort and murder they
have transformed to peaceful parks and
beautiful quiet neighborhoods into
blood-stained killing fields al Qaeda
killing fields it's the kind of rhetoric
last year both Trump and Attorney
General Jeff Sessions travel along
island to spotlight ms-13 violence there
and the president invited the parents of
to Long Island girls killed by the gang
- State of the Union address last month
where he used those murders to call for
new anti immigrant policy as the
president has repeatedly invoked ms-13
for his own political ends communities
like Suffolk County on Long Island have
been dealing with the repercussions of
the gangs violence and the impact of the
Trump administration's rhetoric Tremaine
Lee traveled there to bring us a story
what is the truth here on Long Island
the truth here on Long Island is that
they have a significant presence they
have a footprint here they've especially
in the past couple years expose
themselves as an extremely violent gang
they're a gang to be reckoned with even
by the other street gangs 50 miles east
of New York City in Suffolk County Long
Island ms-13 has gained a stronghold in
this vibrant but Marv
lies Central American community - 13 is
it's still a small population of the
community we're talking hundreds we're
not talking thousand Suffolk County is
1.5 million people in it so we're
talking a small percentage of the people
chief of detectives Raja Gandhi has been
with the Suffolk County police for over
three decades
his department investigated at least 17
murders by ms-13 in the past two years
it's a disproportionate amount of the
murders and they're extremely violent
murders mostly all machete attacks some
quite a handgun most all violent machete
attacks by multiple members of the gang
the gangs brutality is used by the
President of the United States to push
hardline immigration policies these are
animals they cut people they cut them
they cut them up in little pieces what
Trump is trying to do is make ms-13 the
face not only of Salvadoran immigrants
but of that's Latin American immigrants
and arguably immigrants as a whole what
he wants to do is change the public face
of the immigrant from the sympathetic
dreamer to the terrifying ms-13 member
with face tattoos whose who are brutally
killing people with machetes
Daniel Denver has been reporting on
immigration issues for the past decade
and how did we get her then President
Trump talks about ms-13 as though it's
some other country's problem invading
our country when in fact ms-13 is an
American made problem through and
through on multiple levels ms-13 was
born on American soil and grown by
American foreign policy it emerged in
the 1980s when refugees fleeing a
us-backed civil war in El Salvador
landed on the streets of Los Angeles and
then in the 1990s under Bill Clinton
when there was a wave of deportations
some of those gang members were sent
back to Central America and took what
was a local Los Angeles gang and helped
make it into a transnational criminal
organization people might be eager to
deport a new generation of Salvadoran
alleged gang members back to El Salvador
when in fact that will only intensify
and worsen
cycle and bring wave after wave of
refugees to the United States
we're gonna keep dealing with this
problem again and again in Suffolk
County the vast majority of ms-13
victims as well as its recruits are
young people with Central American roots
traditionally gang members are recruited
because the gang is a structure and
office supported office protection it
offers like a family common bond
community because they're from the same
background and I think that's what draws
them in many of the people that we've
locked up even for the murders we found
them living in poor conditions sometimes
they're living on a floor in a garage or
a basement or a shed or a shanty in the
woods they were an easy target for the
gang to recruit because they promised
the support and the money and the you
know friendship and they join into the
clique that's a lot of kids that are
coming over that that have really
nowhere to turn
think about being another country at
sixteen years old Sergio Argueta grew up
on Long Island the son of a Salvadoran
immigrant when he was young he joined
the local gang now he runs an
organization fighting street violence
what is it about the soil in this
community that makes it so ripe on one
hand a community victimized by hostile
policy on the other hand you have a gang
that some would frame as among the most
vicious in America what is it about this
community the soil is right because they
transported the soil the the soil is
right because they water it in terms of
inequality some of the worst performing
schools under-resourced highest needs
high poverty rates individuals that you
know are clearly living and very
difficult circumstances
that's where gangs are going to prevail
when you hear the name ms-13 in the
mouth of our president what do you feel
what do you think when you hear have
mentioned those 13 first off he's the
biggest promoter I mean he they should
give him a retainer ms-13 in terms of
promotion and outreach right a lot of
municipalities and people across this
country didn't know who they were and
they are not the biggest gang and
they're not committing the biggest
murders but thanks to this individual
who gave them all the notoriety in the
world when you are in
again you want that reputation you want
to be known worldwide and this guy made
them worldwide Tremaine Lee is here with
me now it's a a great piece of reporting
you know one thing I thought about is
the community that this is all happening
in is immigrant communities folks both
legal citizens authorized and
unauthorized
you know what does it mean to them if
they can't trust calling the cops
because they're worried about their
status that's a big deal because as
we've seen this president loves a
boogeyman and he found the perfect
boogeyman in ms-13 they are legitimately
violent but again they threaten those
people in that insular migrant community
right and so when you have on one side
ms-13 and their violence as limited as
it may be on the other side you have a
government dragnet you know scooping up
sons and daughters and mothers and
fathers there's this great fear of
deportation right so the people who have
the most information and contact with
this very violent gang are afraid to go
talk to the authorities there's also
there's business for a crackdown and in
this area in other areas and talk about
sort of finding people with gang
affiliations and I know that can be a
hazy turn and you did some some
reporting on how that looks in the local
high school and what you find sometimes
it's clear you know if you see someone
with an ms-13 tattoo in their forehead
that's one thing other than that it's
kind of dubious right 503 the area code
in El Salvador can't scroll that that's
a marker for gang affiliation if they
wear a Chicago Bulls shirt that's an
affiliation what's happened is hundreds
of people have been rounded up among the
many teenagers in Brentwood High School
right so kids we have loose at best
affiliation we're not involved at all
our one man said there's a pipeline
between you know school and deportation
and that reporting is going to be on am
joy tomorrow that's right to mikage on
that that's gonna be on am joy Tremaine
Lee it's a it's such a great honor to
have you as part of this operation thank
you thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
