today on the beat a special edition of
fallback Friday cue the music yes this
is a takeover edition of fall back with
radio legend Stretch Armstrong and Buffy
toe Garcia nice to see you guys good to
be here you're in the street like Sesame
no should I finish the line if that's
your girl while you text to me I don't
know if we should go that far we have
too much fun I want to play cuz we made
it for you guys let me play it one more
time our new animation
you guys kill it off with the air horn
all right I want to give everyone a
little background why you guys are here
in case anyone's wondering what happened
to this news broadcast you guys are back
with an empty our podcast what's good
with stretching bebido and it features
everyone from Rosie Perez to Hill Harper
to Stevie Wonder to Jade Chappelle
pretty awesome and you guys it's no quid
pro quo we don't do that legally but if
you ever want me on obviously I'll be
there now let me tell folks you guys are
music pioneers you founded the hip hop
radio shows stretch and Bobbito which
was so ahead of his time it had some of
the first public performances of
unsigned artists like Eminem jay-z NAS
and wu-tang has captured in this Netflix
documentary it was like a radio station
that you just couldn't go to really fast
and fine you had to go through static
stretching by Beto that was our dream
the fact that we had a chance to be on
it was so crazy with the introduction of
the Internet there is no writer pastor's
everybody just throw things on there and
that's why you guys are so important as
gatekeepers there's a curation to that
process that's really missing a lot to
y'all amazing and now we do fallback
Friday stretch who needs to fall back
let's see wow it's it's it's a pretty
busy week but I would say that the
right-wing pundits and media platforms
that are attacking the Parkland students
mmm
need to take a big fall back because
they're looking bad too looking foolish
and they're not helping their cause yeah
and that it's been something where you
you don't you don't think it can get
lower and then you see people not only
attacking students who are speaking up
but just smearing and making stuff up
about them yeah I mean these kids have
no political baggage they come from
families are on both sides of the
political aisle and the only thing they
can do is make up stuff about them
calling them crisis actors and whatnot
it's it's just it's absurd and it's as
low as you can go yeah I appreciate you
saying that and we've been covering of
course the gun part of that debate we
haven't been trying to give voice to
conspiracy theories but it has been
happening to say the least
Bobbito yes who needs to fall back
too many people will start with some of
the support systems that have been
what's a the table to help out Puerto
Rico post-hurricane we're looking at
five months since the event and I think
the worst fallback situation is there
was a food supplier that was supposed to
bring thirty million meals to PR and
only delivered 50 thousand well now
that's that's not a situation where it's
like hey Vanessa we ran out of Bologna
or no more hot dog buns like come on
that's yeah we're talking about you know
with three million plus people there
that's only ten meals for each of them
right and you come short fifty thousand
I mean what I don't even know how to do
the math what is that twenty nine
million five hundred whatever it is
that's it's appalling yeah and and so we
still need relief there there's still
people you know perhaps maybe a hundred
thousand or more without electricity for
five months who cannot watch re Moberg
on MSNBC I appreciate you making it
local obviously I mean that's funny but
of course there's a real problems out
there and we've covered the Puerto Rico
story a bit by appreciate you bring it
up to five months this is part of
America this is a hurricane problem that
is a natural disaster it is not anyone's
personal fault obviously so it's it's
major we also got to talk music
obviously stretch do you have any fall
backs for the music yeah I'm gonna I'm
gonna stick my neck out here and catch a
lot of flack I don't like I don't like
you know dissing the younger generations
taste but go first rap needs its own
name it needs to fall back bubble wrap
it's just you know when a kid goes goes
looking for a hip hop you know oh a
young kid 12 13 they're in they figured
like hip hop and they they go on iTunes
and you go to hip hop section it's
filled with mumble rap
that's not mom I think I got to ask you
though what if you say on the track real
rap no mumble like me goes test does
that mean then that it's not mumble
right well if you can hear the lyrics
Wow it's like a it's like a paradox
Bobby you're also of course here as a
music aficionado who's your fallback in
the music biz so to the entire record
industry I worked from 89 to 93 at Def
Jam and even back then the recording
industry was trying to eradicate vinyl
now anyone who loves analog sound knows
that the sound waves are really wide you
get that low-end whereas digital is
compressed and so we've seen an era
where people have to purchase their
entire collections for the third time
they transfer to see these then then
they transfer to streaming and in
digital mp3s and you know it's a great
it's a great way for the Recording
Industry however vinyl is still alive
there's still people that love you love
you say and fans watching the show of
all music types when I grew up playing
vinyl my parents sergeant pepper's
Lonely Hearts Club Band that set up my
fallback is real quick guys and it's
also local let's put it up on the screen
I think stretches look in the 90s can we
see this this was my other fallback
we're joining up time for that's a very
scary robot dog that's not stretch
that's the other white guy that's Eminem
you're getting profiled now your look in
the 90s in the Hat yeah it needs to fall
back but in a while you're right listen
I look back at that era and you know in
making this film we looked at a lot of
archival footage and and I wondered like
how I ever had a girlfriend well good
you're very cool you guys are both cool
and to honor to me a personal privilege
a view on but you look so cool now and
then when I watch the documentary I was
like he's so cool that he looked
different but I think that applies
dollars hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
