and for anyone hoping that this
president is going to break with the NRA
I want you to listen to some of what we
heard yesterday from Donald Trump and
from the NRA s Wayne LaPierre Gina we
must immediately harden our schools we
have to harden our schools so-called
gun-free zones that are wide open
targets it is such a target for the
killer they look for gun-free zones
it should not be easier for a madman to
shoot up a school than a bank I want my
schools protected just like my banks are
protected just like everything else a
National Rifle Association originated
the National instant check system they
actually came up with certain of the
rules and regulations that we have now
they came up with the rules and
regulations that seems odd doesn't it I
want to bring in my panel Tim O'Brien
executive editor of Bloomberg View and
gadfly Jennifer Palmieri was White House
communications director under President
Obama and Brett Stevens an op-ed
columnist for The New York Times Tim to
you first
what do you make of what you just heard
well I think it's clear the president's
being programmed on this particular
topic by the NRA because I don't think
he has a mind of his own on it he's
never been a student of policy it's I
think the propose understands money
though and if teachers are armed in
schools that would celebrate that bonus
they'll carry a gun I think this is one
of those examples where the sort of
tragic comic path the president follows
the policy positions have dangerous
implications because he hasn't been a
student of the gun issue other than I
think to play to his base or to play to
the NRA and there there's good politics
for him involved in that decision in
terms of getting reelected in terms of
you know supporting that his core base
but as a matter of public policy he's
he's ignorant and the problem here is
that he's he's almost advocating
positions about things that he sees in
films or on TV and so then the idea of
turning teachers into little Rambo's who
can then protect the students should a
shooter appear on a school campus is
ridiculous and let's remember Fort Hood
there was a shooting on Fort Hood that
was a
a deeply and heavily armed institution
it was not a gun-free zone and a
shooting still happened there the State
of Israel is surrounded by hostile
forces and they ban the sale of guns in
the State of Israel
it's a Conservative government there
they've done it to great effect this
idea that the problem is the
proliferation of guns but the ability of
people to defend themselves I think is a
straw horse Wow all right I would I
would disagree with one thing I lived in
Israel for a number of years many people
are they almost everyone serves in the
army they know how to use weapons people
do carry do carry guns and they have
have stop violence and it's not wrong to
say that if we'd had a non cowardly
deputy at the school a police officer
I'm not talking about teachers
perhaps lives could have been saved so I
don't think it's wise to sort of
blanketly dismiss it but the the the
political cowardice by the President on
display in the video you just showed I
think really matches that of it the
cowardice of the deputy who who failed
to take action because the promise of
the trump presidency was that here was a
guy who didn't care he was willing to
blow up one conservative orthodoxy after
another and on many of these I disagreed
whether it was on on trade whether it
was on NATO I was I was horrified but
his strength was his the ability to just
kind of break through that nonsense and
simply say hey I don't care if the NRA
seems to have a grip on the GOP we're
gonna go for a kind of an
all-of-the-above solution we're gonna
have incredibly intrusive background
checks we're gonna make it a lot harder
to get a gun that it is to be able to
drive a car for a you know just to take
one example you're gonna need owner's
gun insurance we're gonna look at models
from the UK and Australia we're gonna
try do you think this was pipe dream
Friday no no listen I mean there is a
political opportunity and there is a
political moment right now because I
think that what has come out of parkland
and I was skeptical a couple of days ago
what has come out of parkland is as
potentially potent as what happened in
October with the me2 movement there's a
sense that that of a galvanized country
in part because these
students and their parents have been so
magnificent and so outspoken it's
different from in that's absolutely it
is a moment where if the president did
something on gun control
even people who detest him would have to
say thank you thank you for doing
something but when when it comes up to
this idea the president's idea let's arm
teachers Chuck Todd threw out a number
of questions last night that I thought
who's going to answer these who's gonna
train them where do they get the ammo
from what kind of ammo who are they
gonna get paid more money where does
this money come from when you've got the
state of Oklahoma where in counties in
Oklahoma they not only have a four day a
week school week because they can't
afford to keep the lights on
who in God's name is gonna pay for this
yeah well outside I mean I think that
this is a moment but outside of passing
the Affordable Health Care Act any real
change in this country has happened
outside of Congress it's not going to
come from there right now I think that
that that body is dysfunctional it
doesn't work it doesn't react to the
needs of the people it is built to react
to in this case the Republicans are in
charge and it reacts to Republican
donors and that's why they pass the tax
bill but they are not gonna do anything
serious on guns but the me2 movement
that is that is real change and that's
happening because it's happening because
it's women across the country standing
up to say that this isn't right and now
you have students standing up to say we
are not going to accept this I lived
through Newtown with President Obama and
I thought that's what we need we need
the horror of understanding it can even
happen to first graders it can even have
them there and that's what's gonna make
Congress act and that wasn't enough and
I think it took part land which saying
it's not just it can happen here it is
going to happen everywhere I think
students and parents have realized this
is in it feels inevitable that there
it's going to happen in their school and
that is when you have this a dam breaks
and in in in the country and people rise
up to say it's not enough no I don't I
still don't think Congress is gonna act
and I don't think you know Tim O'Brien
knows President Trump very well we
covered him for a very long time and
he's actually maybe not the deal maker
so much as a fighter and he wants and he
may want this fight but ultimately real
change is going to come because there is
on our side on the left
Gunz has never been a voting issue and
it's a voting issue on the right so
Republican politicians are very indebted
to enter at the NRA because of that
because they know that their voters
really care about that issue and now you
have passion real passion on the side of
reform so ultimately maybe it's in 2019
we'll get there but right now we have a
Congress that does not react to the
concerns of the public but President
Trump who does like to play to his base
on this issue isn't his base even
smaller I've seen conservative pundits
over the last few days and it breaks my
heart going after these teenagers these
absurd conspiracy theories or they're
saying things like well what do you
think of disrespectful teenagers you
know going after Marco Rubio what I
don't understand about that is
disrespectful teenagers going after
Rubio doesn't President Trump call him
little Marco lying Ted crooked Hillary
didn't he say that MIT Romney got on his
knees and begged and choked like a dog
how can they possibly make these
arguments they hold no water
so what base is president Trump playing
- well I think he's because white
suburban voters who voted for him
they're not okay with this
let's let's extract even the notion of a
base from this you can underestimate the
force the nra has in these debates it's
they they they can influence legislation
at the state level they influence
legislation at the federal level he's
clearly getting his talking points from
them I think I think most of what you've
seen this idea that the students are
actors or are sort of play
paid proponents for the left is in
keeping with the arguments that have
come out around the Russian
investigation or fake news it's it's
playing into this idea that you should
doubt what you see because what you see
isn't believable and this is about this
most stark example of something that
that's in front of people's eyes that
demands a public policy solution that
people are trying to avoid the NRA is I
think a weak organization that people
realize in the most obvious way of
explaining that is let's say Trump
abandons them at least on in a number of
ways where are they gonna go where
exactly does the NRA go
after the next sub you just heard wait
wait was gonna abandon the NRA no I
don't think Marco Rubio is gonna
bandonion re but the NRA has no has has
no choice but to essentially lasso
itself to the Republican Party because
you've seen the most partisan NRA in
history in Wayne LaPierre speech which
gives all to give some Platonic ideal of
a trump administration I know we're
talking in fantasy some kind of Running
Room
most normal most normal Americans
understand they want some kind of common
sense on guns there is a political
opportunity there that simply isn't
being exploited don't we shoulda spent
twelve million dollars to help Mitt
Romney they spent thirty million dollars
to help Donald Trump the FBI is
investigating Russian money going into
the NRA in the 2016 campaign for helping
Donald Trump and then in August of 2016
they started running ads anti-hillary
ads NRA not about guns but about
Benghazi and what you described about
the arguments that they're using now
that's the kind of argument that the
Kremlin uses to sow dissension in United
States all right we have to leave it
there you're all sticking around and
anyone who says these teenagers are
actors they don't know what they're
talking about they know a lot about
ar-15s because one was firing at them a
week ago and even if they're not old
enough to vote yet they will be old
enough in two three years and then
decades and decades after that good luck
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
