a mcCluggage char of Minnesota a lot to
talk to you about senator this morning I
guess let's start with the the 32 new
indictments against men affording gates
what do you make of that well it's a big
deal because it foreshadows I think more
to come and one of the differences
between the other indictments against
men of foreign gates both of whom were
with the Trump campaign metaphor sharing
it is that these charges were more
recent these are charges involving a
time at which they were actually working
with the Trump campaign as chair as an
advisor so that's a difference and then
the second thing is just the amount of
money involved as you pointed out
they're so charged for every million
dollars the hidden money the lavish
lifestyles and all of this flowing from
money related to the work they were
doing with Ukraine with a Russian
related work for a pro Russia candidate
and a pro Russia government official
Jeremy Peters senator klobuchar good
morning
last time the Senate had a gun control
debate there were more red state
Democrats in the body and that helped I
think create a certain sense of
bipartisanship there was a lot more
dialogue it seemed going on about what
kind of restrictions and background
checks you could put in place that's of
course gone now and I wonder are there
Republicans that Democrats are talking
to now about gun reforms that you're
comfortable with or are the two sides
just too far apart at this point to ever
get anything meaningful done well I do
think that this is a major moment for
the Republican Party because as you know
with the votes like if you look at the
background check vote that was mostly
Democrats and a few Republicans and so
when they're talking about background
checks yes we want to get the better
data and that's the bill that Senator
Cornyn has with senator Murphy a
bipartisan bill but what we really need
to do is close that gun show loophole
and it was very difficult to get their
votes on that but others on the
Judiciary Committee senator Grassley has
claimed that he now wants to work on
this that's great senator flake he said
he wants to put forward a bill
as you saw everyone saw the town-hall
meeting with senator Rubio so you have
some but overall I think they're gonna
have to decide what side are we gonna be
on are we going to be with these kids
that are marching in the streets just
asking for sensible legislation that is
by the way supported by 7080 percent of
Americans are we gonna stick with where
we were with just doing what the NRA
wants us to do
senator senator Clovis Shar Chuck
Schumer tweeted yesterday our number one
priority is going to be universal
background checks Democrats are
defending many seats in red states do
you think that the bar should be in a
different place should Democrats number
one priority be banning assault weapons
or does Schumer have this balance right
well when you look at the background
check bill and I will never forget
having those Sandy Hook parents in my
office the morning we found out that it
was going to fail and I kept thinking
they had the courage to come forward to
advocate for a bill the background check
bill that wouldn't have saved their
babies but would have saved the most
lives and that's because it helps very
much with domestic violence cases and
with suicides and other things so the
reason Center Schumer is focused on that
bill is for that very reason of course
there are those of us would support
assault weapon ban and of course support
an age limit on that but I think what
he's trying to do is find something that
would make a major difference closing
this loophole and get the most support
you me senator I I wanted to ask this
question too and I'm asking us to every
Democrat Democrats had a whole bunch of
power before Republicans swept it all
away
why did Democrats not focus more on guns
when they had the power and why what do
you think is gonna influence Democrats
to change their minds now well I think
that this March and all of these young
people I keep thinking of major issues
that have changed one of them being gay
marriage because young people were out
front talking to their parents not just
girls boys - and I think about Barack
Obama getting elected a lot of that you
heard you've had people on your show
that talked about how well my kid kept
saying why don't you support this guy a
lot of this was a movement of young
people and I think
we have not had that before with this
gun debate and now we do and that makes
a major difference I want to ask you
about Facebook and other platforms like
that I know you're working to drum up
support for a bill that would make these
social media Giants a little bit more
able to disclose information about who's
actually posting ads and who they're
targeting are you making any headway do
you think these social media platforms
or whatever we should call them
publishers understand the
responsibilities they bear I hope they
do we had the hearing where I was pretty
appalled I was looking at the ads you
just showed on the show those are the
kind of ads we were talking about paid
ads designed to make americans not vote
or to give them disinformation so they
make a different vote that's those kinds
of activities are criminal when you tell
people okay and just text your vote in
and well the answer we got from them
well it's too hard for us to do what
your Wall Street Journal reporter was
saying what we can't do it and I
literally said to them you know what my
radio station in Thief River Falls
Minnesota knows how to do this because
under law they're required to keep the
ads on file either online or in a file
and they are also required to have
disclaimers on issue ads and candidate
ads why can't you one of the most power
the most powerful companies in America
hire enough people to do the same thing
this makes no sense we're simply asking
the bill I have with Senator McCain and
Senator Warner we're simply asking that
they follow the same rules that would
help with Russians but it would also
help with ads that people dark bad mean
negative misleading ads that people are
trying to put out there the other
senator is Facebook a publishing
platform of course they are they are
called a media company for a reason and
while I appreciate their efforts to
police themselves Twitter doing the same
we need rules of the road that applies
to them 1.4 billion spent on online
political ads in the elect neck last
election it is forecast just over 260
days from now to go up to 3
to four billion dollars money is
migrating over there and they are making
money off it they're making profits and
they cannot expect us to believe they're
just a fun platform to put cat videos on
they are making money off this and they
have to take responsibility for what's
going on on their social media platform
which is before can't disagree yeah we
cannot agree more though I will say it
as a fun platform senator Amy Klobuchar
thank you so much and a pig it's just a
fun killer we get a ruling team
Minnesota has most of the members of the
curling team the ten members of the
hockey team we are but we are so psyched
up for them to come home to celebrate
and for the men's curling team to win
this weekend thank you next a look back
at this emotional past week and how a
generation of future voters is leading
the conversation on the issue of guns in
America keep it right here on morning
job thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
