Bob Miller's Friday indictment of
Russians for election interference is
reverberating even on a night when there
are new molar charges against Paul
Manafort as well as this roiling gun
debate but Mueller's charges Friday
didn't only upset Donald Trump they're
also stoking an important conversation
among Democrats some say it's long
overdue and there's new words from
Bernie Sanders tonight whose striking a
different tone that he did in his very
first interviews after Muller indicted
the Russians last week when Sanders said
this was basically old news and the real
question was what Clinton did Mulla
mentioned me twice our campaign our
twice in his report and I think what he
was talking about is kind of old news
it's what most Americans know if you and
your campaign knew that there was
Russian meddling and that it was trying
to sow divisions why not take that
directly to your supporters I would say
that the real question to be asked is
what was the Clinton campaign they had
more information about this than we did
Sanders initially deflecting the Clinton
campaign which is absurd these reports
are about inter FET interference that
hurt Clinton and of course boost to the
other candidates Sanders and Trump now
there is more Sanders is revising his
stance he issued a fairly unusual 370
words statement to the media and he said
that Russians deserve unconditional
condemnation whether it was the active
support of any candidate or active
opposition to any candidate and he adds
this is true of any of the 2016
campaigns including my own that was new
last night it's because he came under
fire for the initial response along with
Sanders former campaign manager Jeff
Weaver who said that the factual
underpinning of Muller's indictment is
what 0 adding I have not seen any
evidence of support from the Russians
for Bernie Sanders I think about it
that's not a Kellyanne Conway quote it's
a standard strategist refuting the
evidence that Bob Millar just offered
and there's more on the beat we have
invited Sanders and Weaver on the show
now they're not here tonight but Weaver
did give us a new statement tonight
saying quote it's important that we
fully understand how we can stop Russian
meddling from happening again in the ads
and this is important I'm thankful for
the work
Robert Muller is doing to accomplish
just that now we also had a former
Sanders campaign staffer in the know on
this week a digital director who
condemned Russia and said that the
Sanders campaign still had this
legitimate right to respond to the DNC
emails even if they came from Russia's
criminal hacking there's no doubt that
while Russia did in terms of meddling
with our election is you know totally
horrible I do think there are legitimate
frustrations that Bernie supporters had
with the way that the primary was
handled I don't think those become
illegitimate because the source of the
leaks was Russia and let's be clear
that's a reasonable view a lot of people
support important information being used
regardless of where it came from
journalists certainly think that but the
Civic question here is broader than
re-litigating any primary imagine a key
moment and say a future campaign a big
convention or right before Election Day
imagine Russia unleashes an even larger
set of hacks and information warfare and
what do we
do about it that's what reportedly
happened right before the May 2017
French election but leaders there across
the spectrum vowed not to fall into
another trap of letting Russian material
dominate their democracy the media
didn't even report on it it's part of
that country's somewhat odd blackout
rules you know Donald Trump recently
suggested America should copy france's
approach to military parades tonight
some americans concerned about Russian
interference or questioning whether we
should copy france's approach to
combating Russian hacks I'm joined now
by Philippe brightness a longtime
adviser to Hillary Clinton as well as
John mattis he worked as a volunteer in
California for Bernie Sanders campaign
and was one of the first people to both
suspect and flag this foreign
interference John tell us briefly what
you found in what you did well starting
in August 2016
I saw suspicious people joining the
Sanders campaign after it was over
so people were flocking to Facebook
pages from Eastern Europe and it made no
sense why would you join a campaign that
was fully over so I began looking into
those people it turned out to be ghost
spots or trolls and then I started
looking at where their information was
coming from and it was from a number of
Eastern European news sites that it all
popped up at the same time we're not
talking one or two sites we're talking
50 60 sites that out of the blue start
broadcasting incredible amount of
disinformation to 24/7 what I do is I
started looking at it to see if it was a
phenomenon that was just in Southern
California but I mean are we trying to
drive you forward you contacted the
Clinton campaign oh yes in September and
October I contacted the Clinton campaign
I shared my investigation with them on a
daily basis up through the election
which is an important point Philippe you
were very high up in the Clinton
campaign I want to stipulate in the sake
of accuracy and fairness a lot of people
contact presidential campaigns I'm not
reporting this Philippe to suggest that
everything that came in should have been
immediately dealt with and the Obama
administration had trouble dealing with
this as well but I wonder
you think Philippe of what we heard at
least initially and over the course of
this week from Bernie Sanders well just
listening to John I think you know John
had all this information and I don't
know why Bernie Sanders doesn't blame
John apparently he didn't do enough
but what's preposterous about what
Sanders has said is that it acts like we
were too lazy to do something or we
didn't care I mean you're predicating
that accusation on the idea that Hillary
Clinton just didn't feel like being
president as opposed to being accused
every other day of wanting nothing more
than being single you know minded about
being president so I think the problem
is new at the nail on the head is if you
close your eyes and you listen or you
read it's hard to read eyes close but if
you look at what they're saying it is
not good for it to be indistinguishable
between what Donald Trump says and what
Bernie Sanders says you think you think
that what Bernie said after the Friday
indictment is equal to what Donald
Trump's done I think you know you can
fill in the blank x benefited from
Vladimir Putin's meddling ex calls the
election rigged X resists sanctions X
hedges on what happened now you a legend
you know this is part of my job are you
alleging yes or no the Bernie Sanders
sanctions position is because he was
helped by Russia I'm not but I want to
know why he is being so wishy-washy
about what's going on and I could answer
the question that he it's the same thing
as Donald Trump it's that it puts their
own accomplishments in doubt I don't
blame them but the problem is when
Hillary Clinton says Russia meddled and
might have cost her 70,000 votes out of
130 million cast the Bernie people say
oh that's crazy she's a terrible
candidate he lost by nearly four million
votes out of twenty nine million cast
and you know what they blame Oh rigged
rigged the DNC stole our homework so let
me get John in John response this first
off this is not a blame game we were all
victims of a Russian attack it was an
attack on our democracy so to blame
Bernice and
to blame her he or she again it's not
the blame game it's about what happened
and how we were to respond none of us in
the fall of 2016
knew what a cyber attack really was none
of us knew how to deal with cyber
terrorism and that's exactly what was
happening to us hmm
Philippe what is your final thought then
on what happens next time because the
convention was as we've reported and
people can now see clear not in
hindsight not not maybe as clear at the
time it was exactly what Vladimir Putin
wanted was Democrats fighting Democrats
at the most high-profile moment of the
of the general election well there are
two people who can't see that clearly
even in hindsight what Sanders and his
campaign manager Jeff Weaver said we're
in light of the Muller indictment in
terms of looking forward I think it
starts with everyone admitting this
happened everyone has to say I could be
next time it wasn't last time but I
maybe the next time and we have to stop
this and that starts with cutting out
this nonsense about you know oh they
didn't hurt me they didn't help me there
are facts right they are facts except
them
so we all do fascinating I got to fit in
a break as I mentioned I want to be
clean I appreciate both of you having
the conversation we invited senator
Sanders Jeff Weaver a tad Devine all on
it some of them have been in touch the
invite remains open because sure they'll
issue seven more statements before we
get off the air hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
