tonight I'm obsessed with questions a
lot of them questions that show how
complicated it would be to implement the
president's idea to arm some teachers
with guns and these are questions that
would need to be tackled by every school
board and every PTA across the country
questions about how it would really work
if teachers were carrying concealed guns
in schools we've got a lot of questions
but here are just some in no particular
order that every school board needs to
have answer what type of gun would
teachers carry how much ammo per teacher
who pays for the guns who trains the
teachers with the guns who certifies the
teachers with guns how much more money
do teachers with guns make than teachers
without guns do all the teachers know
which teachers are carrying do all the
students know which teachers are
carrying where are the guns stored does
each classroom have a gun safe who knows
the code to the gun safe besides the
teacher what happens to the guns
overnight would armed schools now need
24/7 armed security to protect their
guns is this just for high schools
what about elementary schools what about
preschools will armed teachers be
present on field trips at after-school
activities at sporting events at school
sports practices at music recitals at
school plays can a teacher lose his or
her concealed carry status if he or she
has disciplinary problems how about
domestic problems will parents need to
sign waivers in case their children are
accidentally shot by teachers can we
rely on teachers to be able to shoot one
of their colleagues if they lose it can
we rely on teachers to be able to shoot
a student none of these are easy
questions but the point is these are
that's just some of the questions that
any policymaker or any organization that
represents the gun manufacturers who
believes that a good guy with a gun
stops a bad guy with a gun it's gonna
have to answer before we implement a
program like this and does anyone
seriously think that these questions can
be answered in ways that are make
parents and children feel comfortable
something to think about
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
