we're back with some breaking news we
said earlier this week that the Muller
probe was taking on a pace that was more
like a drum beat than drips that we'd
seen last year though we do the
Washington Post headline special counsel
Muller files new charges in the metaphor
gates case new charges were filed
Thursday against former Trump campaign
Chairman Paul Manafort and his business
partner ratcheting up the legal pressure
on them as they prepare for a trial
later this year a new indictment has
long been expected in special counsel
Robert Miller's prosecution of man
affort and his right-hand man Rick gates
on fraud and money laundering mana Ford
served as president Trump's campaign
chairman from June to August 2016 gates
also served as a top official on Trump's
campaign the new indictment contains 32
counts including tax charges Frank fig
loozy the first 12 count indictment in
October
we were told at the time that might not
be it but tell me what's changed other
than Bob Muller and his investigators
have now had in their offices for days
on end many more figures from the Trump
White House
the Trump campaign and the Trump orbit
so what is the significance of new
charges being filed today against Donald
Trump's former campaign manager and his
deputy a couple of takeaways here so
first the continued charges on gates
tell us that he's not yet committed to
cooperating and many of us thought he
was on the cusp of cooperating that
clearly is not happening his defenses
and is in chaos right now his attorneys
as you know have pulled away from him
has to be has to be taken off the case
he hasn't signed up a new attorney yet
and Muller saying you know what while
you're figuring that out the charges
continued to pile on with regard to
Manta Ford look this is all about having
metaphor flip on on Trump it's all about
showing the Russia connection metaphor
it has that kind of information
available he's not flipped yet he's not
cooperating and I'll tell you what if he
doesn't do it with these new tax charges
you're looking at metaphor it literally
dying in federal prison based on this
the tax charges are are horrific in
terms of the gravity of it that time
you'll spend in prison and and this
takes a while to get the IRS to sign off
on federal
charges you you've got to really make
your case and Moe is clearly made it
here oh hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
