and after leaving his name off the
official speakers list we are now
hearing that the head of the NRA
Wayne LaPierre jr. will be speaking at
the annual meeting of conservatives in
less than 30 minutes vice president Mike
Pence is scheduled to speak at CPAC in
about an hour and president Trump will
speak there tomorrow joining me now msnb
hosts MSNBC host Hugh Hewitt on Saturday
mornings and nationally syndicated radio
host and one other thing today's
birthday boy Hugh Hewitt first happy
birthday to you thank you very much
George Washington and Ted Kennedy we
share the date well you you shared the
date with some extraordinary people in
history now we got to talk about
something else at the NRA
obviously the NRA has always been an
important part of CPAC but this is the
first time we're hearing Wayne LaPierre
speaks since last week school shooting
in Florida a what you expect him to say
and how important is it I mean I think
math slap was saying it's important to
hear from them and I would agree it's
very important match slap has turned the
American Conservative Union CPAC into a
must appear event Wayne LaPierre
represents 5 million members in the NRA
and earlier today they announced they're
opposed to the 21 year old limitation on
the purchase of rifles which President
Trump endorsed be a tweet this morning
and which seems to me to be about a 90%
issue in America even among NRA members
that I have talked with and so there are
some people that want 18 year olds to be
able to buy rifles the NRA is one of
them but the president has come out for
21 I'll bet you hear Mike Prince talk
about that tomorrow at 20 or later today
about 21 so what do you have to say
today about that specific issue will
tell us whether we have a real fight on
our hands or a another wait-and-see
slow-roll the issue down the hill why
does that make sense for the NRA given
that you to your point it's a 90 percent
issue
why wouldn't they play ball even a
little bit age requirements to buy a
rifle doesn't seem like a huge gift and
it would be a great gift if I'm Wayne
LaPierre and I say to the president yes
we support you let's up the age limit
the president would get huge support for
that
why wouldn't Wayne LaPierre want to give
the president that it's a head scratcher
to me Stephanie earlier today on my pro
Grahame I asked people who called in who
are opposed to this and they say well I
want to buy a gun and learn how to shoot
and I said well it doesn't prohibit a
family from lending its weapons and
teaching children how to learn and
another person said I can join the
military at 18 but yeah then you get you
get trained in weaponry I don't
understand it's a head scratcher if
Donald Trump the populist president is
going to lead an effort to get federal
legislation through the spending clause
to encourage the states to rage their
age limit to 21 it does not make sense
to me but the NRA is 5 million members
are very well-organized they're very
vocal they're often in the forefront by
the way on gun safety issues suicide
prevention but if they dig in against 21
it's going to be hard to move it through
the Congress then what's President Trump
going to do you know he held that
listening session yesterday and some are
saying big deal who knows what he's
going to do you got to give him credit
that he sat there in the room he didn't
need to do that but how is he going to
play this legislation requires
persuasion and I think that was the
first thing that we saw yesterday in the
White House very unusual event I've
never seen anything like that event not
Michael Shearer and Chuck both agreed
it's a very unique thing that he did
yesterday and it will have an impact on
him well legislation requires persuasion
of a lot of people in the House who come
from districts like Pennsylvania 18th
for the special election is being held
Connor lamb the Democrat came out and
said there won't be any changes to gun
laws why because the 18th is deeply NRA
country it's it's its hunting country
Mike Gallagher congressman from
Wisconsin came on my show just before
you did yesterday
and said in Wisconsin five hundred
thousand people go out into the woods on
the first day of deer hunting and so
there is a culture that is not coastal
that is deeply attached to their rifles
but you don't have to be coastal you can
hunt a deer you don't need to do it with
an assault weapon and I want to talk for
a moment about Marco Rubio who's been a
proponent of the Second Amendment but he
did show up last night at that town hall
event and I give him credit for showing
up though people on Twitter are killing
me for it saying why are you giving him
credit it was his job to show up it may
have been his job but we also know there
are a lot of government leaders who
hired from their own town halls who
don't want to speak to constituents and
he went there and he showed up and he
had to face a father and I want to
that father said to him
we're gonna have that in a second it's
basically a father who was a supporter
of the Second Amendment who said a month
ago his son went out she didn't with his
grandfather but he said to him up we got
it here if I believed that that law
would have prevented this from happening
I would support it but I want to explain
to you why it would not senator Rubio
my daughter running down the hallway at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas was shot in the
back yes Nathan assault weapon the
weapon of choice yes okay it is too easy
to get it is a weapon of war the fact
that you can't scan with everybody in
this building and say that I'm sorry
what do you think of that moment there's
a difference between hunting and assault
weapons there is but what senator Rubio
was attempting to convey and it's very
difficult in that setting to do so is
that there are 2000 different varieties
of rifles and the question of definition
comes in what the father was conveying
is he doesn't care about definitions his
daughter was murdered with an ar-15
however I put out when a ar-15 came to
the floor when Democrats controlled the
Congress they couldn't even get majority
support because there are lots of people
in America so first they have to start
to persuade the Democratic Party then
the independence then the Republicans
that ar-15s ought to be banned and even
when there was a supermajority with
President Obama in his first term they
didn't attempt to do it Stephanie
because persuasion requires not moments
like that but moments of quiet
conversation with Rubio's and and the
Democrats who voted against the ar-15
ban I don't own an ar-15 I doubt you do
either but some people do and they
consider it essential to their home
defense the rifle issue that
twenty-one-year-old issued that's a
different issue and I think in this
discussion going forward we should stay
in lanes like the president was arguing
on Twitter today for arming teachers a
lot of teachers don't want that some do
that's a separate discussion from the
age 21 it's a separate discussion from
gun violence restraining orders it's a
separate discussion from armed guards at
schools they're all separate
conversations that each need to proceed
but they need they shouldn't cross over
motion doesn't drive legislation
persuasion does
all right well persuasion and emotion
are tied to one another and when you're
Marco Rubio and you're in a room like
that it might impact you it might impact
the president that he could have been
persuaded because that was definitely an
emotional experience just to watch I
can't imagine what it was like being in
a room but you bring up a great point
there are many different conversations
to be had here and if you wonder why the
needle hasn't moved it's really the NRA
has one conversation Second Amendment
and we're not moving and the other side
has so many issues and those lines get
blurred we have to take this moment if
they want to address those issues they
have to stop blurring the lines and
address them one at a time if they're
going to make a difference and I know so
many Americans want a difference to be
made now a hundred percent agree with
that and I think it would start with
congressional hearings like the Kefauver
hearings and I've been pushing for that
as have a number of people on left and
right let the Congress sit down and take
a lot of input from a lot of different
people in a very patient setting on each
of those different lanes so that we can
get to some resolution on some of them
as opposed to I know the demonstrations
will be real they'll be passionate
they'll be full of energy and the young
people are coming but legislation is so
painstakingly long to achieve they've
got to be in it for the long haul
one by one legislature by legislature
true that you Hewitt happy birthday
thanks for joining me hey Thank You
Stephanie
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
