last thing before we go tonight
something we mentioned earlier an
example today of the perils of the age
of digital photography more than once
prying cameras peered over the shoulder
of Barack Obama and showed us what he
was reading from and it takes incredible
discipline from those in public life to
remember every day that anything within
camera range is readable with a
high-resolution camera the Trump
transition got a lesson in this when
this man the Kansas secretary of state
Kris Kobach visited Donald Trump at his
Golf Resort in Jersey
brought with him a homeland security
blueprint tucked under his arm which was
visible just long enough for photons to
grab phrases like all aliens from
high-risk areas are tracked and today
digital camera struck again the moment
the president took handwritten note
cards from his pocket we knew we would
later learn what they said and it didn't
take long as you no doubt have seen the
close ups reveal questions to ask and
things to say and that last point I hear
you the reaction to what's been branded
as the empathy card was Swift and while
some were shocked and while there was no
preventing it from becoming an instant
meme others including some who are
normally critics of this president have
defended the notes saying a lot of
adults struggled to find the right thing
to say to those who have just suffered a
loss the participants at the meeting
were screened and vetted and many
praised the president and his leadership
on cue when called upon while some like
our guest earlier this evening spoke
candidly and counter to the narrative
that others were pushing at the meeting
arming classroom educators with
concealed weapons
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
