meanwhile down in Florida students from
Stoneman Douglas High School headed to
Tallahassee where their local lawmakers
were preparing to consider a ban on
assault rifles rifles like that ar-15
the one that killed so many of their
classmates last week on Valentine's Day
about a hundred of them boarded buses
for the six and a half hour trip to the
state capitol hopeful they might be able
to break the gridlock over gun control
the students spent hours lobbying their
representatives but it didn't change the
political reality a motion that would
have brought the Bant brought the band
to the House floor was defeated by
nearly a two-to-one margin the vote left
some in shock and others broke down in
tears one student said she felt like
lawmakers or quote just not listening
the whole movement is being led by
students the ones who survived that
shoot in one week ago but here's what's
sick some people cannot quite get their
heads around that young leaders there
are some conservative media outlets that
are now questioning whether these
grief-stricken students are just puppets
of the liberal left basically being used
to try to gain sympathy for the gun
control movement you may have seen
articles like this on your Facebook page
they have already been shared more than
80 thousand times
are you listening Mark Zuckerberg are
you listening Sheryl Sandberg 80,000
times on Facebook the social media
outlet that was designed to create
community show pictures of your kids
cats dance recitals but the kids well
they're not having any of it listen it
everybody who wants to call us out who
wants to try to say that people are
controlling us this is a student
movement I have talked with my friends
and never again we are all students
their camera cask is going really
leaning as David hog Emma Gonzalez none
of us are talking with these adults
we're just going on these things we're
just talking out we are making a change
and it is the stood
it's not acting this is real imagine to
call these students puppets that's
pathetic
Ashley Kurth is a culinary teacher at
Stoneman Douglas high school she was
there the day of the shooting and
personally help protect dozens of her
students Ashley
first I want to thank you for your
heroism and tell you how sorry I am for
the week that you've just had you know
some of these kids personally what can
you tell us about them and this movement
they're a very eloquent bunch of kids I
mean for the seniors that we have that
have no problem voicing their opinions I
mean they argue with us as teachers on
their grades for a couple points extra
on some of their reports and stuff and
personally David hog was one of my
students two years ago I had him for
about a week and then he decided he
wanted to go into TV production and that
was the elective he really wanted so I
helped with him with his guidance
counselor to get him switched over but
at the same time like I knew then when I
was talking to him as a sophomore that
he was a very very well educated young
man he knew what he wanted and had no
problem you know voicing his opinion or
his concerns where his grades were
concerned or just anything that had to
do with with what we were doing at the
school he's always been very involved
with all the stories and stuff that's go
on I mean a lot of the children will
come in and they'll they used to take
videos of things we were doing in the
classrooms just to try to get a positive
word out there for our school and the
things that we were doing it at Marjory
Stoneman then imagine that some view it
as a hoax because these young kids are
eloquent are well educated we think you
know there's people out there that think
they just must be liars what do you say
to that those who say they look too
comfortable they look too slick they
can't be for real
you know it makes me sick when I hear
people saying that and the easiest way
for me to explain it and when they ask
why we're out here doing these
interviews is our brains kind of
switched over and it's it's not that
we've compartmentalized or that we're
not caring or unfeeling it's we are so
angry for what we experienced that day
that they've just taken that that energy
and and focus and put it into what is it
that we can do right now as an action
and these kids they they're looking for
some way
to have their voices being heard I mean
they're the ones that are being told no
this can't be done no that can't be done
and they're like well it has to
something has to be done I mean we
always used to tell our kids and we
preached them you know actions speak
louder than words and they are out here
trying to help these actions to you know
make our school safer and to make it a
better environment for them to go and
learn and so the people that say you
know oh yes you know our kids we always
say that they're well educated and stuff
yes
our school has a very high population of
kids that go in to do things that are in
politics or to become really amazing
doctors and get into journalism and do
really awesome things with their lives
we have a very very good group of kids
at our school that enjoy educating they
like to learn they like to learn and
they have great teachers you talked
about how your community your school is
angry and taking action are you
conflicted it's my understanding that
you're a lifelong Republican you voted
for President Trump you support the
Second Amendment have your views been
affected in any way and as far as the
gun issue goes since the shooting
absolutely I mean I've had this I've had
a talk with a lot of my friends either
Facebook or a face-to-face and those
that call and I have no problem talking
to them about it
I am I still support the Second
Amendment I think that there's no reason
you know we're allowed to have guns and
we're allowed to have ammunition and you
can go and hunt and you can target
practice and you can defend yourself and
I've had a lot of friends that have
given me flak and saying well I've been
held up in gunpoint and I said okay have
you had a whole like slew of kids
running at you terrified at the same
time and yes I believe that you know the
president's moving in the right
direction by putting that member in the
mat I'm very happy to see something
being done in that regard and I still
believe what the kids say you know
there's no reason to have semi-automatic
weaponry available and to those that say
you know well it's the problem of the
school board or the FBI and there were
many many things that fell through the
cracks but the one thing that we know of
and you know it's people you can't the
biggest thing that they tell us is you
know people people kill people guns
don't kill people and we say we can help
people we can educate them we can do
whatever we want but it's the gun itself
in the hands of certain people that
should not have
them that's causing these mass
casualties and for me and my fellow
students and colleagues to go through
what we went through on Wednesday well
let's talk about who has a gun in their
hand some say the answer is to allow
people to have guns in schools if you
had a gun last Wednesday could you have
stopped the attack could you have
protected your students more I teach
culinary and my job is to make sure that
they know how to cook and that they know
how to prepare themselves for the food
service and education and I say to that
okay am I supposed to strap it to my
body am I supposed to keep it in my desk
am I supposed to hang it next to the
door where I have a little clipboard
that has all my information for when we
go out for a fire drill like where do
you want me to keep this gun and in the
same instance I'm then gonna have to
react and say should I grab as many kids
as I can that's pulled them in or am I
supposed to go unprotected without a
Kevlar vest or anything towards a person
where I don't know where the shootings
coming from because again I had it
coming from both directions with the
sound and then I'm now supposed to be
law enforcement and to serve and protect
children that I'm supposed to be
educating when do we draw the line when
is enough enough for putting us on it
for putting on us as teachers enough is
certainly enough Ashley you also answer
the question why is it that these
Douglas Stoneman students are so well
educated are so well-spoken because
they've got great teachers thank you
thanks so much for joining me this
morning and again I'm so so very sorry
for what you're going through
thank you all right I want to bring my
panel in my dear friend Rick Tyler is a
Republican strategist and one of the big
dogs at foundry strategies and Ben white
is politico's chief economic
correspondent and a CNBC contributor
this is a lot Rick we've been talking
about these students these kids leading
a movement they say because it's a youth
movement that time this time it's going
to be different you know at other times
we see lawmakers say it's too soon we
can't talk about it but because of
social media these students have said
don't speak for me I want to talk about
it I want to go to Washington I want to
go to Tallahassee
do you have any faith that this could
change the conversation and I know we've
been here before I mean these kids some
of them weren't even born
when the Columbine shooting happened
first let me acknowledge how unspeakably
sad this whole event is one of the
things that the students are not only
smart inarticulate they also come from a
generation that's very uncomfortable in
front of the camera and that's very
significant my daughter right I'm always
surprised that the things that she can
do through video and gets on video
herself and I'm like why aren't you
nervous
time to be comfortable in front of a
camera many times I was still not
comfortable in front of camera but
they're very comfortable from the camera
and articulating their point I don't
know politically I look I don't think a
whole lot is gonna change I think the
bump stock was a good thing that should
have been done a long time ago if the
bump stocks are dangerous not only
because they rapid-fire because but they
also you have less control of the bump
bump stock but the there are the reality
is there are 300 million firearms in the
United States and there there's
something like 5 million err 15s maybe
as many as 10 million they're not going
away and when we we banned like the
Florida Legislature voted against
recently the air the assault weapons ban
which included the ar-15 back in 1994
not a single weapon was confiscated to
collect it they were still out there
because they all got grandfathered in
and then when the ban was lifted or
sunset didn't expired everybody without
in bought a 10 or 15 because they didn't
want that to happen again so the reality
is you're not going to get rid of these
weapons so you I hate to say it but
you've got it Hardin these soft targets
my daughter that mean well my daughter
teaches in a in a in a in a school and
high in elementary schools and and my my
wife teaches preschool and in her school
thankfully not only is there a resource
officer and all the schools in our
County when you go to the front door and
you pull on that door that doors locked
there's no way to get into that school
and when they acknowledge you through a
video and let you in you go into the
office that's where the resource
officers is going to be and you will not
get into that school unless you are
given permission now can you defeat that
short can a students sneak in a weapon
they can but that that that's a hard and
target and and I hate to say I don't
like the idea that a kids have there now
this campus in Broward County is very
different because Broward County is an
open campus I just think we have to
redesign these things and I hate
disabled we've got to protect the kids
and President Trump possibly making a
move on bump stocks talking about
background checks is he really going out
on a limb here and doing something major
or is anything he's doing he's really
doing that the NRA is okay well both of
those things are with the NRA is okay I
mean we know that they were fine with
the idea of limiting access to bump
stocks we know they're fine with
toughening some of the background check
and why isn't it well it hasn't been
done before because Republicans in
Congress particularly the house you know
they fear one thing and that is a
primary against a Republican challenger
who gets to the right of them on guns or
abortion or immigration so House
Republicans are simply not going to
support
tougher gun control laws but I want to
step back for a second to what I think
is the real sickness at play here and
you got into it with that interview and
the idea that there are people out there
trying to make the case that these
students are somehow hoaxes that they're
being coached they're making this up
this is a larger sickness at the root of
our culture right now where you can't
just say okay I respect what these kids
are saying I have disagreements on the
efficacy of new gun laws let me make my
case to you you have to go out there
through social media and try to
undermine their credibility and say
they're fake and say they're bogus that
happened in the election and teachers a
week ago it is you know
disgusting you know who liked a tweet
that was going after that young man
David hog the president's son yeah
Donald Trump jr. I realize you're in
India sir but I hope you get a chance to
see this in shame I and the fact the
matter is it flows from the top it flows
from the President of the United States
who constantly rails against the fake
news media tries to undermine trust in
objective reporting and that has gotten
picked up by so many aggressive people
who want to undermine anything they
don't agree with it can't be I will make
this argument on the merits to you why
new gun control isn't gonna work I'm
instead gonna slime these kids who've
seen their classmates gunned down
are passionate about fixing this problem
to go out there and try and undermine
their credibility and slime them is the
most reprehensible thing I think I've
seen in a long time well it is what it
is all we can do is try to support these
kids good for them freedom speech
they're getting their message out there
all right I want to bring in keone Magee
he's a Democrat in the state of Florida
he's a member of the House and he is the
one that tried to get this assault rifle
ban bill put up for a vote thanks for
your effort what happened the entire
world saw exactly what happened seventy
one of my colleagues decided that the
debate wasn't appropriate at that
particular time
unfortunately that happened at a time
where the voices of the people were in
the gallery participating in a democracy
and as you understand you well know
democracy is a very loud and noisy
process but with that vote yesterday
democracy seemed as if it was silenced
with that vote on that board that pretty
much went directly towards the movement
that these young kids are here
protesting for is the legislation
completely dead then I'm sorry
the legislation is it completely dead
then no in this process and nothing is
completely dead the only thing we're
working at this particular moment is
we're trying to get our colleagues to
muster up the political courage in the
political wheel to deal with this issue
head-on this is something that we've
been fighting for for the last 20 years
but as you and I both know in 1968 the
movement was led by college students and
dr. King and a few others and we do know
now at 2018 but movement will be led by
high school and middle school students
who were sick and tired of politicians
muting their voices
well adults couldn't get it done maybe
kids can Republican leaders are saying
they are still willing to consider age
restrictions for gun purchases as well
as some other measures possibly banning
bum stocks are you optimistic the house
could pass
thing meaningful as so long as I have
breath in my body I will always be
optimistic I can tell you this as it
relates to the increase in age the
increase in the wait period that is in
my opinion that is a movement towards a
good step however and the light of
everything that's happening it is only a
band-aid in the bigger scheme of things
everything that we are seeing now has to
do with the reality that we are looking
at the ar15 that is causing the havoc
this weapon of mass destruction is
causing havoc within our communities
it's affecting each and every one of us
in in different capacities
it certainly is alright thank you so
much for joining us this morning thank
you for work thank you for your passion
thank you and we're gonna make sure
these the voices of these young leaders
who have pushed for this movement that
their voices are heard
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
