let's bring in presidential historian
Jon Meacham who joins us now with more
on his legacy
Jon what can you tell us well he was one
of the most important Christian
evangelists who ever drew breath
arguably preached the gospel of Jesus of
Nazareth before more people than anyone
else in history he did it from one
corner of the globe to another you get
it tirelessly he did it with a kind of I
want to say this in the best possible
way a kind of simplicity he was not a
great theologian he would be the first
person to tell you that he told me that
once he had not spent an enormous amount
of time thinking out the various nuances
of the faith he simply believed in John
3:16 that it
God so loved the world that He gave His
only begotten Son that whosoever
believeth in him should not perish but
have everlasting life and he took that
gospel to an extraordinary number of
people he was very funny about being
called dr. Graham he was not he had not
earned a doctorate and so he preferred
mr. Graham which I think says a lot
about his character in terms of the
politics of the nation he represents but
I suspect as the clergyman who in
American history was closest to the most
American presidents he had a remarkably
reassuring pastoral presence I met him
about 15 years ago or so and after about
two minutes perhaps I suddenly realized
why if you were a president in the
maelstrom of power you would want him
around he was simply someone who seemed
to be in touch with and able to
communicate
a truth that was larger than any of the
present troubles of the moment and so a
truly remarkable figure and and John we
had we've been talking about the
president's all the presidents that
Billy Graham had met with bite it was
the simplicity of his message the beauty
of his message that did appeal there's
so many millions and millions of people
that he spoke to talk about if you will
and of course he had a remarkable impact
across the globe but I suspect that were
more than the region where you and I
grew up in and that is of course the
deep south talk about the impact of
Billy Graham and states like Tennessee
where you lived and Georgia Alabama
Mississippi where I live well to me the
fascinating thing about him is he was an
evangelical but not a fundamentalist and
that's a hugely important distinction an
evangelical Christian in the classic
sense means someone who believes that
it's part of the duty of their faith to
communicate that message to share the
good news
that was his central undertaking he had
moments where he would wander into
social and political issues that have
tended to play an outsized role here
here in the south and in other rural
places around the country but by and
large he always returned to this the
heart of as in the words of the great
hymn that he played at all of those
innumerable revivals just as I am he
simply was offering himself as a center
in search of redemption and was trying
to share that good news of redemption
with with other sinners he was a voice
perhaps not as loud as one would hope
but nevertheless a voice
and those of us who should not be the
first to cast the first stone
for civil rights in my hometown of
Chattanooga Tennessee was in the days of
Jim Crow he personally took down the
ropes that separated the sacred of the
african-american from the white sections
of the Memorial Auditorium on McCauley
Avenue in Chattanooga he didn't believe
that he believed was st. Paul I should
say that in Christ there was neither Jew
nor Greek neither male nor female so I
think that is a hugely important legacy
and I think that for people who are
uncomfortable with the role of religion
and in American public life Graham is a
fascinating person to contemplate
because he essentially argued that there
was a providential order at work in the
world
there was a theological truth to be
discerned and he made that message in a
sectarian terms because he was a
Christian but I talked to him it's been
13 years ago now I spent a couple of
days at his house on a mountain
isn't it wonderful they lived on a
mountain and he looked a lot like Moses
would have looked I think in those days
and he said it wasn't his job to decide
who got into heaven that was God's job
and I think that that kind of
disposition about faith is something
that people in the south people in
America that in this time of great
division would do very well emulation
yeah exactly
beautifully put and and just as I am for
anybody that watch the Crusades that was
the song that would play at the end just
like in most of my Southern Baptist
churches you would at the end at the
invitation you would keep playing at 14
15 20 verses till somebody came said
Josh President Obama actually had spent
time
Billy Graham yeah you know obviously
this is later in in red from Graham's
life but President Obama did have a
couple of occasions to spend time with
him and President Obama III do think had
an enormous respect for for for Billy
Graham and the kind of gospel that he
preached he preached a gospel that was
accessible that was welcoming that was
inherently optimistic sharing the good
news and that is a tone that is missing
from so much not just in patan our
politics but even in our public
commentary on our you know in our
culture and in our society we don't we
don't we don't have as much access to
that kind of an optimistic view of the
world and you know and but unfortunately
that's particularly true in in
evangelical Christianity and you know
Reverend Graham also came of age at a
time when he was able to capitalize on
the explosion of television and in some
ways he took evangelical Christianity
mainstream and it wasn't just revivals
in small towns but now he was actually
preaching on television and he was a he
was a compelling figure and I think he
said who lived his faith and who was you
know he was very humble and I and I
think that there are other preachers who
have risen to prominence on television
who have then faced a reckoning and
faced hypocrisy that has struck them
down but but he did not he it was
certainly not a perfect man but one
somebody who worked hard to genuinely
live the way that he preached so to be
the first to tell you he was not perfect
I was just looking this up 215 million
people he preached it to during the
course lies in a hundred and eighty five
countries and and of course many more
millions over television as well who saw
his meetings but if you track the rise
of evangelical Christianity income in
Africa and in Latin America it really
begins from the 60s 70s where it started
to displace the Catholic Church in those
countries the fastest growing religions
are these young evangelical Christian
religions and that correlates with the
beginning of Billy Graham's
and that the rise of the Avengers yeah
and of course the same with Asia just
explosive growth of the church he is we
talked about him and I thought Jon
Meacham put this so well he really
wanted to be a pastor further for the
whole world for all Americans
John you described Billy Graham in such
a moving way and I'm wondering as Billy
Graham looked at this divided American
is in his last year's that must have
meant must have troubled him he was not
a man who wanted to see people's teeth
on edge and in a way that that we see
today I think that's right he he was a
great cable news viewer in the in the
back of this house where he lived with
his beloved Ruth for so long and majesty
parenthetically Ruth Graham is the
author of arguably one of the great
lines about spouses of powerful men from
that generation mrs. Graham was once
asked she would say had you ever
considered divorce if she said divorce
never murder often always was great the
winner of the line she was a formidable
woman as you'd have to be raising I
think four or five children while he was
he was on the road so much but yes he I
think he made a point and his critics
believed that he was simply interested
in power which again I leave that to his
maker who's now making that accounting
but he was close to Eisenhower he was
close to Johnson close to Nixon there
was there was nothing partisan about his
interest in the welfare of the earthly
City of the country the other thing
about our politics now that he's
interestingly attached to I think it is
worth consideration is
he really embodied the rise of a modern
mass media age I think addy just alluded
to this William Randolph Hearst the
great publisher saw him early on in his
career and sent a telegram to all the
editors of the Hearst papers is simply
two words it was puffs gram he wanted to
filled gram up by putting a good deal
publicity putting him in the mainstream
Graham was on the cover of Time magazine
because of his New York Crusades in in
the mid 1950s so he was someone who used
the means of communication of his age to
a larger purpose and I think so much is
given much is expected and for all the
all the failings we all have theirs was
never a whiff of scandal the one thing I
will say quickly is and this is
important because it was important
intrinsically and something that he
always thought about it regretted he is
captured on the Nixon White House tapes
making anti-semitic remarks or should I
say as I recall agreeing with Nixon's
anti-semitic remarks and he had to have
those tapes when they were released
actually played for him and was always
shocked at his own failing there Jon
Meacham thank you very much for joining
our coverage of the passing of Billy
Graham who has died at the age of 99
we'll be right back with more Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
