and yet look at this Florida had another
chance to ban assault weapons in that
state yesterday but the republican-led
State House of Representatives blocked a
measure to even debate banning weapons
like the one used in the school massacre
one week ago in that state
several Stoneman Douglas students
watched from the gallery as it happened
you can see here 16 year-old Shara aqua
Rolla who was overcome with emotion as
the measure was defeated which would
have also banned high-capacity magazines
Emma Gonzales also responded to the vote
she's the senior at Stoneman Douglas
High School who captivated the nation
over the weekend by calling out NRA
backed politicians who refused to budge
on gun reform she tweeted quote how
could they do this to us how could they
do that to us are you kidding me hashtag
never again we are not forgetting this
come midterm elections the anger that I
feel right now is indescribable
students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas
arrived in Tallahassee late last night
they arrived to cheers from hundreds of
students from Tallahassee Leon High
School today the Douglass students will
meet with state lawmakers and Florida
Governor Rick Scott I fear I fear were
being a little too hopeful here in terms
of some of these so he says let's do
something on thumb stock says let's have
the Justice Department let's have the
ATF look at write the ATF has said
they're it's they're still reviewing it
and they don't know that they have the
authority to do what the president wants
them to do you have to do legislation to
actually get that done to me when he
talks about background checks if you
actually look at what he said yesterday
it does not sound like a man who's
upbeat that this will pass the House
passed the Senate and become law a lot
of these things you're still just
nipping at the edges and at the end of
the day the reason what happened in
Florida
might be the same thing that happens
here is that the NRA s power is as
strong today as it was two or three
years ago yes those polls are
overwhelming those polls were pretty
overwhelming we're three years ago and
you still have the same outcome that
doesn't mean that people shouldn't push
for it and that there's not new
if the president surprises all the time
but I do think a reality check is we
often feel this way and nothing has well
I the smart money is on nothing getting
done the smart money is that people
behind us being too scared to go with a
97% we were shocked that the people
behind us were scared to support a 94%
proposition when that's what background
checks were sitting at back in after
Sandy Hook in 2013 you also have to look
at this president by now we know the
patterns mm-hmm the president comes out
it's leaked he wants to do something on
dreamers he comes out he says I'm going
to do something on dreamers then the 30
percent start pressuring him saying you
can't do something on dreamers she'll be
a traitor to the conservative cause
you'll be just like everybody else and
he gets scared and he retreats this has
happened on four or five different
issues where the president goes out and
you think okay he's gonna try to expand
beyond his 33 percent base and the
second he's called out he retreats back
now we'll see whether he'll do the same
thing here I I can't I can't answer that
question but you're right Jim the smart
money is on that but I will say this
does feel different just politically if
they dragged their feet they will pay
even greater consequences most likely in
the midterms in the suburbs among
educated Republicans among many of those
mica who have helped elected a
Democratic governor in Virginia and a
Democratic senator in the state of
Alabama this will have significant
impact it will be a prime motivator to
get more people out to vote against
Republican many support reform Jeremy
Bash from a law enforcement perspective
is this a 97% issue well I think it's
interesting mica because here the
president is is effectively putting
forward things that are sort of
no-brainers I mean he's bump stocks
should be banned they should be illegal
they convert semi-automatic weapons into
automatic weapons and there's no reason
for people walking around the streets
having automatic arms and our automatic
military-style assault weapons and of
course background checks are a no
brainer anybody who has access to those
weapons should be subjected to rigorous
scrutiny about their mental health or
their past criminal conduct so I I'm
sort of of the view of these are nice to
have and important to have but I don't
think they're really gonna clamp down on
the on the problem we have in our
country of people having access to
weapons that can destroy lives and I
think the one political thing that's
different about this moment is the voice
of high-school students we do not have
that in previous horrific attacks and
these students are so articulate so
compelling that that's what I think
could potentially spark a national
movement well they're scared to go to
school that's that's pretty compelling
and you know and that we've said this
before mica that wasn't just after
parkland right you've had issues in your
family I've had issues in mind we've all
known people whose children traumatized
Ramat eyes afraid to go to school
parents who have told us we don't want
to send our kids to school today
this is this is this is become an
epidemic and the president has to know
the Republicans have to know even the
NRA has to know this is going to happen
again because you look back over the
past five years and again the numbers
the numbers are so dramatic it three of
the the biggest masslynx in American
history have happened over the past five
months yeah it's over the past five
months yeah it's sagging and look you're
never gonna go broke betting on
congressional dysfunction on Capitol
Hill inhibiting them doing the right
thing or the obvious thing but you're
the other part of this that is
challenging is we've also seen Rupert
Murdoch weigh in on issues where he
hasn't been able to move trumpet I think
immigration is probably the most
prominent prominent of those so you know
there are some clear headwinds here but
the other thing that's notable about the
way that that the that the post is
weighing in today
is their wins in support of these
kids even at the same time there is an
active movement on the right wing to try
to undermine the credibility discuss
some of the attacks against these kids
this guy - D'Souza yond slimy stunning
and you do think maybe the thing that
might change now is whether that five to
six percent for whom this is a single
issue voting issue is is gun rights and
they always call their senators and they
call their Republican senators and so
the Republican senators are only hearing
from the gun rights people where they're
actually now because these are the high
school students who are seem determined
to keep this issue alive and their
parents will now start making this a
single issue for them on when it comes
to voting and then they might stop cuz
that's what needs to happen we need to
match on the gun control side needs to
match the gun rights side otherwise
those people on that hill are looking
over up again let's change that let's
put this in now there are now some
people who are attacking the outspoken
student survivors for their activism and
their voices among the most brutal was
from author and filmmaker Dinesh D'Souza
after the Florida House voted down
consideration of assault weapons ban he
tweeted quote adults one kids zero he
also mocked the student who wept after
the vote tweeting quote worse news since
their parents told them to get summer
jobs you know I've known this guy since
his days of the Dartmouth review
I still don't understand him music don't
even know why his voice is loud out
there and there's two other people like
this that at some point need to get a
life
oh and figure out something else to do
with their time so Donald Trump jr. hit
the like button there's a flaw on this
tweet from a conspiracy theorist who use
the school massacre to attack both a
student survivor and the FBI and
reminiscent of Alex Jones after Newtown
and aid to a Florida State fire lawmaker
was fired after he used his state email
to tell a journalist that two of the
student activists were not actually
students but actors did that Senator
Marco Rubio tweeted claiming some of the
students on TV after Parkland are actors
is the work of a disgusting group of
idiots with no sense of decency and
fortunately that's gone mainstream and
here's Fox News host Tucker Carlson and
a guest last night all of a sudden
you're seeing these kids involved in
calls for very specific pieces of
legislation and the allegation has been
that they are in some way in contact
with organized anti-gun groups and
people who have suggested that have been
denounced as immoral and heartless and
how dare you question these kids are
attacked them which for the record I am
certainly not doing where their voices
would be valuable is where were the
signs missed these students were there
they dealt with this kid every day but
the media's focus more on a teenager's
expertise in supply side control
measures for guns which Tucker let's be
candid they probably have not studied a
very complicated layered issue so let's
get it straight yeah on Tucker Carlson
show last night a guest actually blamed
the students for the slaughter for not
being perceptive enough to report and
then a you know saying that these
students are not experts they cannot
speak out against these mass killings
where children are gunned down in their
schools because they're not experts at
what supply-side gun economics or
whatever he said that
saying that my kids couldn't look up at
the towers as they were like burning and
falling to the ground and knowing people
in sight if they had known people inside
the towers who had died it said oh you
have no right to talk about that because
you you you have you've done architects
you you don't have the architectural
background to understand why those
buildings crashed I mean this is we
could we can do all the numbers but it
is more people die from from from guns
than die per year easily then died at
9/11 9/11 took place everything stopped
the city stopped the country stopped
everybody stopped and and Bush and
Cheney implemented the one percent
solution did whatever it took to stop
the next terror attack and Americans
went along with them and in this case
we're having 9/11 at least every year
our kids schools are getting shot up and
again I listen I probably am far more
conservative on guns and most of the
people not only here but maybe you hunt
right yeah I say except I think van
tahime might be might be pretty
conservative about guns too so but but
you know the thing is we're all I'm
talking about is bump stocks background
checks and limiting the cell of
assault-style weapons right and by the
way I don't even mind if they put them
you know in hunting clubs and all this
other stuff and they're just regulated
more but we're talking about a small
small section of
you know the gun industry right now and
just trying to make it safer and these
people are freaking out that you're
attacking victims yeah this shouldn't be
that hard there are there is common
ground that we should be able to find
using simply common sense and look there
may be areas where we disagree about how
exactly this regulation should occur but
the fact that there should be
regulations particularly when it comes
to background checks assault weapons and
some and bump stocks obviously right we
should be able to find common ground it
shouldn't be that hard but our political
process is paralyzed right now and has
been for quite some time because of the
inner its ability to mobilize these
single-issue voters and and President
Obama did write in a write an op-ed in
his last year in office indicating that
he was going to be a single-issue voter
on this and that he was not he was only
gonna support candidates who support
common-sense gun control I'll remind you
that that Bernie Sanders at the time was
not particularly pleased with the with
the writing of that because it raised
some questions about his own record but
that's the kind of commitment that we're
gonna have to demonstrate to this issue
sustained commitment both on the
Democratic and Republican side showing
such a lack of humanity to not support
these kids no matter what your views are
right right you know what think about it
dinesh d'souza you have been fighting so
hard for free speech so you can write
some of the most astounding things I've
ever read in my life over the past few
decades and yet you won't give them a
moment to use their voices that's cruel
hypocrisy yeah and it's wrong and this
is where we're at I mean these kids
can't even get our swell right
universally at this time you know the
thing is if you disagree with the kids
you know there's a limitation of the
speech it's called time place manner are
the first Amazo for the First Amendment
I think in this case time place matter
just as far as common sense go yes you
have a right to attack children who just
a rank ago each we're traumatized but
just why it's just just wait you know
the thing is the the thing is that that
I
this is the time is coming there are
going to be changes that are that are
going to be made in canals maybe not
this year but it's coming very soon this
this extreme position this absolutist
position it's coming to an end it's
coming to an end because our gun laws
are actually allowing the most
unbalanced in society to go in and shoot
up schools shoot up Baptist churches
shoot up country music concerts and
Americans at some point are gonna say
enough is enough
we've got to fix this and the Supreme
Court by the way I just four people I
want to want to just be straight about
this and there are a lot of people that
lie to you if you are a gun activist you
are lied to all the time and you were
told that having military-style assault
weapons military-style weapons are
assault-style weapons or your
constitutional right that it's embedded
in the Second Amendment it's embedded in
the Constitution it is not all right go
back and read Heller 2008 that will tell
you what the Supreme Court and Scalia
said were your constitutionally
protected rights you have the right to
have handguns in your home your right to
have shotguns in your home to protect
your family the court keeps allowing
States to ban assault style weapons they
allow the state of California I mean you
look at this California firearm waiting
period for ten days the Supreme Court
let that stand as constitutional they
they didn't say that no we don't need to
hear that case Maryland's assault
weapons ban in 2017 the Supreme Court
said yeah we're gonna let that stand
that there's nothing unconstitutional in
that we don't want to hear the case 2017
California's concealed carry law ban
they let that stand
they let the 2016 New York and
Connecticut gun laws stand which are
some of the most expansive in this
country they let San Francisco's law on
handguns
they let New Jersey's concealed-carry
lost and they let New York's open carry
law stand now listen on the substance of
the matter let's be clear because
there's so many people that say so many
stupid things every day and I have to
read it on my Twitter feed about gun
somebody ignore not stupid ignorant
things there are a lot of things on that
list that I disagree with but the
Supreme Court says those are not
constants Justice Scalia in 2008 said
like the First Amendment Second
Amendment rights are limited so if you
want to make the argument that the
Supreme Court should protect your right
to have military-style weapons that's
that's legitimate that's fair but if you
say it is your god-given constitutional
right to have an ar-15 that is not what
the Second Amendment says and that is
not that what the Supreme Court says
it's not even what Justice Scalia said
in 2008 no Justice Thomas is on your
side right now but it appears that
nobody else on the ninth seat Supreme
Court is so let's just let's have an
honest debate all right and let's have
gun lobbyists in Washington DC stop
lying to the American people and stop
trying to whip them into a frenzy and
talk about destroying the New York Times
crushing the New York Times crushing
enemies threatening violence against
people taking sledgehammers to images
images of people who simply state what
the law of the land is and then we'll
have that honest debate and we'll see
where the American people come down and
I'm good with that
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
