a lot going on some interesting
headlines me can we start with the New
York Post which of course Rupert
Murdoch's paper and somebody the tremors
go to Trump's go to somebody that Trump
and Jared Kushner and a lot of people in
the White House listen to some people
have been surprised the past couple days
since Parkland by the New York Post
headlines but here actually hope for gun
control and of course you have the
president United States saying he's
moving on bump stocks he's talking about
background checks expanded background
checks
you also have in Murdoch's their paper
of note in better background checks The
Wall Street Journal better background
checks for gun control that's actually
more of that's a that's a plan that NRA
itself supports it really wouldn't goes
for is the bill that Pat Toomey is
talking about putting back on but here's
the daily news one of the other papers
that Donald Trump reads every morning
bump ban isn't fixing this and it's not
but it is though it is Jim VandeHei
interesting first step it's something
that Republicans refused to do even
after the horrors of Las Vegas but you
know everybody I've talked to in the
White House's has said since Parkland
that the president really wants to move
on this the big question whether he does
or not but I'll tell you another thing
we're about to report in a couple
minutes is that in the White House
yesterday he was telling aides that he
might be supportive of raising the
minimum age for buying all weapons to
the age of 21 so it's clear he is
thinking about this he's responding
remember he spent so much time watching
TV and seeing those children talking on
TV that there is a response to it now
whether or not Republicans go for it
whether or not from follow-through the
other important thing on the New York
Post yeah is that remember if the
President himself talks to Murdoch
multiple times a week in gesture
probably talks to him daily and I think
that all of this is having some effect
and whether it has a big enough effect
on Republic
remains to be seen yeah in caddy Murdock
when you said that a Murdock over here
everybody immediately thinks about Fox
News because it is obviously the
dominant media force at Rupert Murdoch
is now associated with certainly in
American politics but this is a guy who
supported Tony Blair and has supported
time and again candidates in power and
has helped them in power and we've seen
he has some heavy scepticism about
Donald Trump is and is said as much at
time so it certainly people want to know
why we're holding this up this is a
message you've heard of people talking
to Donald Trump through the television
set this is Rupert Murdock sending
Donald Trump a really strong memo don't
listen to the wackos on the far right on
Capitol Hill and the backbenchers listen
to 97% of Americans who want universal
background checks we need to do
something about this yeah this is
certainly Murdock weighing straight into
this debate magically The Post has done
this a couple of times on issues around
Trump where they have distanced
themselves from the White House and gun
control is one of those times the big
issues you suggested would be Fox News
and if you started to see Fox News
reiterate some of that kind of a line
that would be a have a bigger impact in
American politics obviously the New York
Post but as I said that's that is Donald
Trump's hometown paper yeah it is and
mica it's gonna be reaching to see we'll
look and see what Fox News does when the
bump stock ban passes and if he actually
thinks about doing something significant
if you'll do the corn and Murphy bill to
clean up the federal agencies and then
go where 97% of the public want him on
on to me and mansion or something like
that where you have universal background
checks and you're expanding it out boy
the world is changing very rapidly on
this and actually in this instance it
appears with 97 percent of Americans in
a poll saying that they support
universal background checks among gun
owners 90s
percent as well that the president
actually looks like he is a step ahead
of most Republicans well in
conversations that we've been having all
over Washington you hear I'm scared to
say it but I feel maybe something will
change thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
