Olympic gold medalists identical twins
and expectant mothers Monique and
Jocelyn Lamar ooh stars of Team USA's
women's hockey team are leading a new
charge for equal pay in March 2017 the
team threatened to boycott the World
Championships demanding women's hockey
players get adequate compensation and
support in comparison to the men's team
at the time and more funding for girls
youth hockey programs and fair training
and marketing support for women's hockey
at the time the women were ranked number
one in the world with three World
Championships under their belts but they
were barely being paid a living wage the
team eventually struck an historic deal
with USA Hockey to even the playing
field sparking a widespread movement for
fair treatment of women athletes
everywhere
I spoke with Monique and Jocelyn who are
now serving as ambassadors and
spokespeople for it corporate values
initiative on behalf of NBC's parent
company Comcast but their hopes for the
next stage in their fight for change
first of all you're identical twins
obviously which is incredible you are
gold medalists you've been in three
Olympics and now you're you know
representing our parent company and
women all women and men on the values of
women and sports and I should add you're
both pregnant at the same time no just
pretty incredible
so Joslin tell me about this experience
and first of all why you wanted to do
this well it's really just been amazing
to have the opportunities we've had
after winning a gold medal and we're
just really passionate about gender
equity even leveling the playing field
whether that's in sports business
education we believe everyone deserves a
fair chance no matter where they come
from no matter what their gender is and
so we're really excited to be working
with Comcast's and and when growing up
together and being role models and
really trailblazers what kind of
experiences did you have as young girls
teenagers now women in sport we were
really fortunate to grow up we have four
older brothers and our parents let us do
whatever we want
to do if our brothers we're doing
something we wanted to do it we got to
do it so we got all the same
opportunities our brothers Dave growing
up and when we went away to boarding
school Shattuck st. Mary's the girls
team and the boys teams received all the
same opportunities but when we went away
to college and started our careers on
the national team we really started to
see and feel the the inequities that
women in sports really have to deal with
on a day-to-day basis and I think that
really opened up our eyes to a lot of
gender inequity that goes on not just in
sport but in the professional working
setting as well it's been really
remarkable in women's soccer that has
been one of the most egregious examples
absolutely I think they've been great
allies for us and what we're going
through now is similar to what they were
going through 20 years ago and we're
hoping to close that gap a little bit
quicker but they're great examples of if
you band together and stay strong
together you can make great changes now
that you are about to become mothers
both of you at the same time which is
incredible what do you want for your
children whether they're girls or boys
it wasn't possible for you what are you
trying to achieve for them well I think
so we had one of our brothers just had a
baby girl two days ago and then I'm
having a boy Jocelyn's is a finding out
what they're having but I think when you
look at it if you look at a boy and a
girl and you look at children you can't
possibly look at them and and in good
and Codd just say you don't deserve the
same opportunities because you're a girl
or you don't deserve this because you
come from a different socio-economic
background and I think making sure and
teaching our kids lessons that you
deserve all the same opportunities that
anybody else gets and it doesn't matter
where you come from what the color of
your skin is what your gender is and
just making sure that they know those
lessons moving forward in life and help
others that might be a little bit behind
and I think that just being a good
person as simple as that sounds it's
ultimately what we want to teach our
kids and what inspired you Justin you
know our parents just really instilled a
tenacity it was always been the two of
us together and whether it was
individual sports or team sports you
always cheer for the one behind
and we kind of just took that to heart
not just in sport but and everything
we're doing and whether that's someone
being treated unfairly or standing up
for what's right to create a better
platform and a better environment for
someone else coming behind coming in
behind you is really what we're
passionate about and I think just sports
has kind of taught us that and being
always playing on a team and always
having each other has really taught us
that and as working moms to be are you
also inspired Monique by Serena Williams
and what she was able to accomplish
coming back after a year absolutely at
that level yeah I think I mean
especially now with everything that
she's been through in the hard birthing
process that she had it's I mean you
look at her as one of the greatest
athletes of all time if not the greatest
athlete of all time male or female and
then to see her less than a year later
almost back at the top of her game and
clearly at the top of the women's tennis
world is it's truly inspiring but I
think it just teaches any mother soon to
be a mother that you can do whatever you
don't have to pick you don't have to
choose between family and your
professional life or your sporting
career you can do both and you don't
have to pick and why did you decide to
partner with Comcast on this corporate
initiative you know what I think they've
done such a great job of giving back and
we've had an opportunity to be educated
in their Internet Essentials program for
example and trying to close so
incredibly important you ever had the
opportunity to be online and to
communities around around the country
absolutely and it levels the playing
field for education for kids who don't
have internet or don't have tools to
access the internet and so just that one
program that we've really move been
traveling on the country creating
awareness and educating people on has
been eye-opening for us and it's really
created a passion that once we've been
educated on an inequity is something
that we're excited to keep sharing and
keep creating awareness around and they
are at Lamoureux twins they are
remarkable hey there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
