joining me now is Democratic Senator Pat
Leahy former chairman of judiciary now a
key member of the Judiciary Committee
senator it's great to see you thank you
very much for joining us
would you I wanted your reaction to
Mitch McConnell the FBI investigation is
only in its second or third or fourth
day at most and they have yet to
interview some key players including dr.
Ford so why is he now saying there's
gonna be a vote but this week Friday you
know no matter what what else they're
going ahead with the votes this is one
of the most incredible self-serving
comments I've heard since I'm in the
Senate and I've been here a long time
this is a man who held up Merrick
garland for a year Merrick garland was
somebody who would have been confirmed
with overwhelming vote by both
Republicans and Democrats per year but
suddenly we got to move this thing
forward and weak he's blaming Democrats
judge Cavanaugh is the one who's accused
of a sexual attack judge Cavanaugh is
one who's accused of not being truthful
to the committee judge Kavanagh is one
of those accused of letting is drinking
get out of control and then not and in
doing things he shouldn't those aren't
Democrats that's that Senator
McConnell's nominee well I want to try
to drill down on something we were just
talking to Frank Fugazi a former FBI
officer a top ranking officer and he
says that his sources who are very good
sources in the bureau tell him that they
are still pretty much handcuffed that
yes more witnesses follow-up witnesses
can be interviewed but the issues are
only the initial allegations from dr.
Ford of a sexual attack not lying not
drinking not whether he was rude or
showed belligerents two senators such as
yourself is that the parameter of this
follow-up investigation and is that all
that will be considered before you go to
a vote I need to be a big mistake to put
a hand
on the FBI if you excuse the analogy and
say they can't really investigate this
they have the ability to investigate the
whole thing it's not a question whether
drank as a youngster it's a question of
whether he was truthful to the committee
he was under oath he's seeking
confirmation to a lifetime appointment
on the US Supreme Court one of only nine
people there one of whose appointment
could affect the credibility the actual
credibility and standing of the US
Supreme Court for years let's take the
time to get it right I was in Vermont
this past weekend everybody had talked
with whether Republicans or Democrats
so why the hurry what are they trying to
hide I was a prosecutor when I was a
prosecutor I want to get all the facts
it took an extra few days to get them to
take the extra few days there's trying
to rush through trying to limit the
investigation you have to ask what are
they trying to hide now I'm trying to
figure out what the appropriate
threshold should be when we talk about
him either miss stating facts or
claiming ignorance or lying to the
committee not to the level of perjury
we're not talking about a legal standard
of proof here we're talking about
character about honesty and about being
an officer of the court at the very
highest level I wanted to show you an
exchange as well as his demeanor in
exchange with you last Thursday senator
let me let me take a step back and
explain high school I was number one in
the class I'm gonna talk about my high
school record if you're gonna sit here
in mock me we were I think we were all
very fair to dr. Ford
shouldn't we be just as fair to judge
Gavin say I busted my butt and academics
I will always try to do the best I could
this reflect what you are does this
yearbook reflect your focus on academics
and your respect for women
that's easy yes or no you're not to
filibuster the answer does it reflect
your focus I already said the yearbook
in my opening statement the yearbook
guys obviously wait a minute
he's asked the question I'll give you
time to answer it and it went on and on
like that Jeff Flake was just at an
electic reddit conference and he said
the interaction with the members was
sharp and partisan and that concerns me
and I tell myself you give a little
leeway because of what he's been through
but on the other hand we can't have this
on the court we simply can't you know I
watched actually I watched it the next
day but the Saturday Night Live skit
with Matt Damon unfortunately that was
too accurate what judge Kavanaugh was
like I've never seen a judicial nominee
like this it does not reflect to he
judicial temperament I voted for a lot
of Republican nominees I may disagree
with and philosophically but I thought
they had the temperament to be a judge
he doesn't he wants to talk about
lifting weights in high school we want
to talk about did he get the many
Miranda stolen emails he said he did not
then the emails come out and show he did
get them we want to know what he did was
judge fire as more information comes out
it shows he had misled the committee is
he misleading the committee here that's
why you need a full ther complete FBI
investigation not one where the White
House put some parameters or the Senate
Majority Leader says we don't care
whether it finished or not with the FBI
we just felt powerful and have a vote
what I would ask senators if you want to
vote without all the information we're
voting for this person the information
will eventually come out it might be
here from now or two years from now how
are you going to explain your vote but
Center just to nail this down they are
not going beyond these new allegations
they're not going back to the Miranda
issue and some of the other issues that
came up during the initial hearing well
I think they should they should but they
should also ask
has there been in complaints made about
judge Cavanaugh while he was a judge in
the Circuit Court of Appeals at least
asked that question I don't know the
answer but I think that's an easy
question to ask certainly thank you as
always thank you very much for being
with us today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
