let's start with the latest in the FBI
investigation into Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh president Trump now says
he has no problem letting the agency
expand its investigation into sexual
misconduct allegations against Kavanaugh
that after the White House came under
fire for reportedly limiting its scope
what I said is let the Senate decide
whatever they want to do is okay with me
and also the FBI I think the FBI should
do what they have to do to get to the
answer
we're told the White House now has given
the green light to investigators to
interview anyone they think necessary as
long as the review is wrapped up by the
end of this week that according to two
people briefed on the matter sources
familiar with the investigation tell the
Washington Post the FBI will not look
into Cavanaugh's drinking in his younger
years or examine the statements he made
about drinking during his testimony to
see if those answers were accurate or
misleading NBC News also can confirm the
FBI has questioned the four witnesses
the White House originally directed the
FBI to talk to those people include Mark
judge and Patrick PJ Smith Cavanaugh
high school classmates Leland Kaiser a
friend of Christine Blasi Ford and
Deborah Ramirez who accused Kavanaugh of
sexual misconduct at Yale so Hallie
Jackson let me start with you on all
this how does the White House feel this
is going it seems from the outside like
they first of all granted an FBI
investigation at the end of last week
and now have agreed to expand it it
feels like they're trying to cover all
their bases here and concede some of the
points that have been made against them
because they kind of have to because
that is what Senator Jeff Flake police
are Murkowski and others want to see so
it's not like the president has a ton of
a choice here Willy especially because
of the coroner that he put himself in
starting over the weekend right when he
says yes I want the FBI to have free
rein okay
did that trickle down to the FBI what
we've learned over the last 18 hours is
that it did with the White House and
let's not go crazy they're not giving
the FBI total carte blanche here there
are still some conditions on this
investigation it still has to be wrapped
up by the end of the week but the White
House according to those two sources is
telling us yes you can go ahead and
investigate whoever you talk to whoever
you want to interview whoever you want
to follow up on the leads that you need
to follow up on so
they're having some developments here as
you noted with these four people that
have been interviewed but I will tell
you this when it comes to these
accusations here you heard the president
address this a bit dr. Christine Blasi
Ford is one thing right she came she
spoke at that hearing last week the
president has called her a very fine
woman and credible it is the other
accusations including Julie sweat neck
that in private conversations
Republicans have real concerns about
they simply believe that sweat Nick's
allegations which Cavanaugh denies are
not credible and they believe that that
is kind of a partisan reflection of not
just Democrats but the media as well and
I think that's where you're gonna see
the stories start to go from the White
House perspective yeah the president is
very confident he doesn't just say it
publicly this is reflected in
conversations that I've had with my
sources he does think the Kavanagh is
going to make it through even given this
week long delay here it does what Mitch
McConnell in a bit of a tricky spot
right he talked about plowing right
through now he's got to kind of finesse
the timing here with Wednesday and
debate when to have the vote etc so
Hallie how firm is this FBI deadline is
it set in cement because during the
course of an investigation any
investigation I mean you asked someone
about Judge Cavanaugh's relationships
you know with others and they say well
you know I don't really know but there
are two or three people who do know so
that just you know keeps the the ball of
string going but how firm is the
deadline yeah you keep going down rabbit
holes right you you get this name you go
to there you get that name you go to
that thing here's the thing Senator Jeff
Flake is the one who triggered all of
this last week on Capitol Hill he
specifically said he wanted this wrapped
up by Friday there is not a lot of
appetite among Republicans that I've
been talking with to extend this and
drag it out in their view so to speak so
I do think that there will be serious
political pressure to have this finished
by the end of this week the FBI when you
look at even Jim Comey for example has
said and he used to leave the FBI he
said hey seven days of professional
investigators are better than no days
obviously he would said you gotta have
the scope kind of go a little bit longer
you can't be putting a shot clock on
that's idiotic
in his words so when you talk about the
firmness in the deadline I just don't
think there's an appetite in the White
House to extend it beyond Friday that is
one thing that the president and
his aides have been very clear on so KC
and anticipation of what this FBI
inquiry may or may not find you've had
some Democrats senator Hirono calling it
a sham already because of the time
limits saying that's not a real
investigation on the other side though
how Republicans feeling about the way
this is played out obviously Mitch
McConnell didn't want this to go another
week right but is it providing him cover
now to have a clean vote later next week
I don't think that there's a sense that
the time limit on this is a problem for
the Republicans who matter all of the
FBI Jim Comey among them but also you
know our own analyst Frank from Clues II
they all say look the FBI can figure
this out in a week if that's what if
that's the time they got however it's
clear that behind the scenes the FBI's
felt kind of hamstrung in what they were
able to do and we're a little bit
worried about being set up as the fall
guy being you know if there was
something that were to come out later on
and clearly there was pushback yesterday
Jeff Flake was in New Hampshire I think
he just got there by accident but here
hits there he talked about how he was on
the phone and and and pushed for them to
actually reopen the scope of this
investigation but the deadline is real
this was Mitch McConnell on the floor
yesterday so soon I expect we'll hear
that the conclusions of the expert
prosecutor who questioned both witnesses
at last week's hearing aren't reliable
or that the FBI's investigation was not
infinite or analysts enough for their
liking maybe we'll hear the real issue
is not these uncorroborated allegations
of misconduct after all but rather the
fact that Judge Cavanaugh now listen to
this drank beer in high school and in
college their goalposts keep shifting
but their goal haven't moved an inch not
an inch the goal has been the same all
along and so let me make it very clear
the time for endless delay in
obstruction has come to a close judge
Cavanaugh's nominations out of committee
we're considering it here on the floor
and mr. president will be voting this
week
so just one point this is still not
outside the range of a usual time period
for a Supreme Court confirmation but
what you saw there from Senator
McConnell was a continuation of the
strategy that this is inevitable the
reality of it is that all that matters
is whether or not susan collins lisa
murkowski jeff Flake and perhaps joe
Manchin whether or not they believe that
this investigation is legitimate it's
literally the only thing it will strike
many Democrats as rich hearing Mitch
McConnell on the floor yesterday talking
about endless delay and obstruction that
a Merrick garland may come to mind to
some of those Democrats Rick McConnell
said he's got a procedural vote
scheduled for later this week he'd like
to vote by this weekend maybe even for
confirmation or at least early next week
they don't seem to think that this
investigation will change their minds
one way or another whose minds Mitch
McConnell and Republicans how they vote
on Kavanagh well that's I mean that's
been sort of the problem that all along
is like like we don't know who to
believe and is the FBI investigation
going to change things Republicans think
no and Democrats think maybe but why
don't we just wait for the FBI
investigation and see what's in it
look my suspicion is they're not gonna
find very much and I do think it's
altogether fitting that it is a limited
investigation because after all judge
Kavanagh had been reviewed by the FBI
background check five previous times so
when this didn't come this didn't come
up it was a specific allegation they
should indeed look at that and that's
what they're doing but I've never heard
where okay this is what he said during
the confirmation let's go back and check
all those things that's never that's
sort of a new territory that's never
been done before
specifically did the judge Kavanaugh
drink to the 2xs in to the point where
he blacked out and is that did he lie
about that and if he did then we'll find
a new way to get him from being on the
court I think that's unfair part of me
wishes we could put a freeze over the
next three days and talk about all of
the other stories that are happening in
the United States at the moment and not
talk about this one because we do have
to just let the FBI play this one out
and every single incident that we're
hearing of reporting around the fringes
of the FBI investigation whether it's
Brett Kavanaugh throwing ice when he was
in a bar when he was at Yale or text
messages that he may or may not have
sent before hearing about Deborah
ramirez's story of being
seized on by either side as proof
positive you see he's a bad guy or you
see he's innocent
you can see it with the drinking net
with Mitch McConnell saying well he
drank a beer or two are you really going
to make a big thing of that the
Democrats would say well it's possible
then that he either perjured himself all
that he drank to access and blacked out
every single bit of reporting because we
don't have the evidence yet from the FBI
is just becoming more of the partisan
fight it is not getting us any closer to
finding out the truth and it's not
getting us any closer to what Jeff Flake
may have intended when you order this
investigation some sense of comity in
the Senate I just couldn't comment on
this one that I hear the Democrats keep
saying this is a job interview and not a
criminal trial and that is certainly
true but yet they seem to be holding the
FBI to a standard of criminality
my god there's a crime we have to find a
crime and I don't think you have it both
ways I don't think judge Kavanaugh if he
was trying to talk to people to save his
reputation I think that's different than
trying to interfere with a witness in a
criminal trial I think that's completely
different we're gonna talk about that
story and Heidi has that it's her
reporting coming up in just a moment
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
