ten first to you this expanded
investigation I know you left my show to
work on confirming what the New York
Times had what can you tell us about
where this investigation goes now and
who they are now allowed to interview as
it turned out our White House colleagues
Peter Alexander and Jeff Bennett were
able to get it confirmed Katie and
there's still some mystery about it but
it's pretty clear that at least in terms
of the sexual assault allegations by
Christine Blasi Ford and Deborah Ramirez
the FBI is now authorized to interview
anybody they deem relevant and that's
actually pretty important because as it
stood before and we were the first to
report this on Saturday there were
significant restrictions placed on the
FBI and also the only investigative
steps that they would take to
corroborate these allegations really
unprecedented and for example it had
Ramirez offered them witnesses that she
says could corroborate her story that
she that Cavanaugh exposed himself to
her at a party at Yale University they
were not allowed to go and talk to the
witnesses now apparently they are what
we still don't know Katie though is
whether this issue of Cavanaugh's
drinking and the disputes about how he
characterizes drinking in his testimony
to the Senate Judiciary Committee
whether the FBI will be able to examine
that question or this question of
whether Cavanaugh
lied about certain yearbook references
that many people believe were sexual but
that he said were not sexual so and
those things some people believe are
important because they go to his
credibility and particularly if he did
have a drinking problem and could be
blackout drunk that could go to the
issue of whether he sexually assaulted
someone when he was drunk we don't know
whether the FBI is gonna investigate
that but clearly the White House has
changed a tune here and it's in part
about getting the 50 votes because
Senator Jeff Flake and Senator Susan
Collins have both said that they were
involved in forcing this decision hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube
right now
