Mississippi is too often defamed
dismissed and disrespected heard in our
communities and our economy we're better
than that and I know
I hope Mississippi more than I can say I
work to correct the stereotypes and
attract companies and jobs to
Mississippi
I'll give our young people a greater
sense of respect for themselves and for
others I'm Mike SB and I approve this
message
because I believe in Mississippi and
it's time to show the nation just how
far we've come
that is Democratic candidate Mike SB he
was the first African American to win a
congressional seat in Mississippi since
reconstruction and now he's trying to
become the first black senator in
Mississippi since reconstruction as well
joining us now NBC News correspondent
Cal Perry who recently traveled to
Mississippi and followed s be on the
campaign trail Cal good morning wouldn't
find out morning Willie so listen the
african-american vote could be the
difference maker in a number of these
races across the country for mike espy
however it's playing out on hallowed
ground everybody including you there's
something going on around the country
right some people say it's a blue wave
right because Mississippi gonna continue
that or does it stop in Mississippi I
mean you have an uphill climb it's a
climb but I've climb uphill before SB is
the first black since reconstruction to
win a congressional seat from
Mississippi I'm excited
appreciative and humble to be asked to
serve this nation
so where is Mississippi been where are
we going and are you are you're right
here in fair street and fair street
really doing the Jim Crow era was a
black mecca of Mississippi
so it's following a little bit now into
disrepair and I'm glad that you decided
to help instead of you in this in this
restaurant has been here since 1939
because it shows where we've been and
where we have to get to again with a
little bit of attention with with a
little bit of a concentration with
someone who really cares about the
economic status of Mississippians and
now I'm talking about not just black but
all Mississippians I don't look at race
so much as a look at economic
possibilities common ground for everyone
regardless race oh this is very much in
line with the ideas of fannie lou hamer
are you afraid of being killed I think
about it sometime in what way when
somebody called and see if we have you
located we're gonna put you in
Mississippi River talk to me a little
bit about Mississippi why do African
Americans need to get out and vote in
this election you know they can lot
about 40 yards away a sniper fired a
single shot from a high-powered rifle
whatever silhouette
and he died I don't miss a boat our boat
and we are saying to Mississippi give us
the ballot give us the ballot and we
will transform the salient misdeeds of
bloodthirsty moms into the calculated
good deeds of orderly citizens a million
nights I don't know if I'd get back home
or not
and we broke the barrier and we are
there now we're gonna make this how do
we remind the next generation of how
important the sacrifices were by we have
to tell the stories we have to show them
the way to the poll we have to take them
not about their heroes to the Granite my
husband put his life on the line daily
not knowing if he's going to come back
home because he was trying to educate
people to vote going on plantations at
night after the boss man had gone to bed
registering people to vote getting them
to learn how to write their name for the
first time this race does go through my
community okay I'm not I'm not there's a
new South that's rising we are not going
back to the Old South this is a new
South that is inclusive to everybody
sometime I'm hopeful but eventually it's
going to happen so this is a three-way
race and it will be until November 6th
at which point two candidates will go
off until November 27th really listening
to Joe talk about why people should get
out and vote this is our story this is
America's story this is all the more
reason to get out vote listen maybe with
Donald Trump we had to hit rock bottom
before we can rebuild I'm not sure but
certainly Mississippi knows their hope
Eddie or Mississippi native the latest
poll here has the Republican Cindy
hyde-smith at 38 Mike SB at 29 another
republican chris mcdaniel at 15
certainly looks like a runoff we were
talking about the demographics of the
state that you come from 37%
African American population the highest
percentage of any state in the country
if there is turnout in this state Mike
SP has a chance yeah he said he has a
hard steep hill to climb but he's
climbed hills before there's a wonderful
line and James Baldwin's to fire next
time that we have to do the impossible
and we have a history of doing the
impossible you know I come from a state
that its soil is soaked in blood you
know there's Fannie Lou Hamer there's
Becker adverse I'm thinking about Ozzy
more I'm thinking about all of those on
some heroes and heroines who made me
possible this election is more than just
about Mike Epps
I'm like mike espy it's about our
democracy and you know we've been in
some so many ways the clarion call for
it and so we will see if we turn out if
black folks turn out in the
it states across these districts we can
change the direction of the country and
as always Mississippi is a metaphor for
America we will see we will see well
okay
tell you what Jon Jon Meacham black
voters certainly showed up in Alabama
last year I had Alabama officials
telling me even on election night that
the turnout wasn't big enough to put
doug jones over the top but then the
black belt as it's called across central
Alabama came out numbers as high as they
came out for Barack Obama in 2008 and
2012 that in and of itself one of the
most extraordinary political events
that's happened since Donald Trump was
elected yeah did two thoughts
one is we 50 years ago 13 days from now
George Wallace carried Mississippi in
the presidential election he won 13.5
percent of the national vote and carried
five states are an explicitly
segregationist and nationalist platform
in many ways and so 50 years is at once
a long time ago and another census the
day before yesterday the older I get the
more it seems like the day before
yesterday the other thought here is you
know what we're seeing with the Georgia
and the Secretary of State who says
he'll adjudicate his own election and
questions about voter suppression it's a
reminder Cal stories a reminder that the
most significant and the bloodiest
struggle in many ways was not just
against Jim Crow in public
accommodations but for the right to vote
exactly and it's what and if you're if
you're in Georgia or Alabama or
Mississippi or Arkansas or Tennessee
Florida this was the great struggle to
the great domestic drama of the 20th
century we were able to defeat tyranny
abroad more easily in some ways than we
were at home and it seems to me one of
the reasons I'm Altima
hopeful about the Republic is that our
mission is to create a more perfect
union not a perfect one but it begins as
John Lewis would tell us with the French
house with the vote and I think I think
we I think we we dismiss the the gravity
of of those struggles to to glibly
sometimes and I think we're in this
moment where there's such a lack of
seriousness from the White House about
these issues that I think ultimately as
you say Joe is going to be a motivator
or not a suppressor it is going to be a
motivator and if you look at what John
Lewis wrote yesterday talking about the
sacrifices and he made John Lewis saying
I have been beaten my skull fractured
and arrested more than 40 times so that
each and every person has the right to
register and vote friends of mine gave
their lives
do your part get out there and vote like
you've never voted before hashtag vote
Wow hashtag good trouble and yummy
shhhhh so much does depend on on how who
decides to go out and vote what segment
of America decides to go out and vote
which segments are the most motivated
that will determine our future or shape
our future it will absolutely shape our
future and I think people especially
African Americans that I've talked to
you in the last couple of weeks they
understand the struggle they understand
what it means to get off the right to
vote and and what people had to
sacrifice to get there to allow
african-americans to vote the thing that
I will say though is that that when the
president is using these nationalist
terms he's doing that because he's
trying to get his people out to vote
he's trying to counter the the wave that
we know is coming in African Americans
because for more than two years people
have watched the president use language
that they found to be deeply offensive
and racist and then there of course the
people who support the president would
say that's a distraction that he's not
someone who's easy
but what I will say is also this after
Alabama there was this feeling that
black people saved Alabama that their
vote was the reason why Doug Jones came
into office but I think there's a
there's something that's very dangerous
about that which is that there are
African Americans who say don't blame
the the Senate not going to Democrats on
African America it's not turning out as
if 50 percent of the country doesn't
turn out there are white people who
watch the TV and they don't turn out at
all and they don't get blamed when doug
jones does it it doesn't win so i think
in this case as much as there is its
importance for black people to go out
and vote there should also be the day
after the election a very careful look
at how we talk about black people voting
because the stacey abrams doesn't win
it's because a lot of white people might
have turned out and not so much that
black people didn't do enough all right
Amasia and calipari thank you for that
report
we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
