hey so Casey let me start with you I
thought it's very interesting watched
you last night with avenatti I'm just
wondering in KK yeah well did you were
you able to get more than one question
in with him it was unclear Wow and every
time you tried to ask a question
don't interrupt me let me finish and it
was like 30 minute answers it's
unbelievable what tell me first of all
is avenatti do you think Evan odd he's
running for president it seems entirely
obvious to me that yes he is running for
president I mean I've heard he's been
having off-the-record dinners with
reporters and I mean he was just in New
Hampshire yesterday he's actually more
than anyone else doing all the things
that you normally do in the invisible
primary face yeah well you've liked last
night he was spitting out all of his if
you or your family members have been
arrested had brought in 4.5 billion
dollars in verdicts so-and-so name is a
lot it actually sounded like Lionel Hutz
on The Simpsons last night he was
advertising his law firm more than on
your show more than it seemed he was
running for president but we shall see
let's ask the one big question that
everybody's asking this morning
if the FBI investigation is limited and
will we'll know more I think by the end
of the day but if it doesn't come back
with any new information on Brett
Kavanaugh where do we stand does Donald
Trump get his Supreme Court nominee on
the court by the end of the week Joe I
think that there is an overwhelming
sense that if this inquiry goes forward
and doesn't turn up anything
particularly new that this nomination is
going to go forward now I do think that
there is an X Factor in the degree to
which this investigation is limited and
has been limited and I was talking last
night as well to somebody who's familiar
with these probes and typically when
there is something like this that comes
up they do set an initial scope the
committee will say okay we want you to
go talk to these people to look into
this thing that we've heard about but
there's not typically a limit then on
how far the FBI can follow those leads
so there's some very real questions
right now and I think that the sense
that I'm getting is that it's actually
the FBI that's particularly frustrated
with the what they view as as political
hamstring
year so I do think ultimately in terms
of his confirmation those are the the
real two questions for Susan Collins
Lisa Murkowski and Jeff Flake that
they're gonna have to answer first is
there any new information that's
potentially disqualifying and second do
they actually believe that this was a
credible probe my gut is that you know
and we haven't heard a lot from from
these three folks or at least from
Collins and Murkowski but Collins in
particular has been looking for a way to
vote yes so I think if there's any way
to kind of look at this in a credible
way she could potentially get there and
the other thing I wanted to raise to Joe
is there's a memo that went out late
last night from Republicans it's
actually from Rachel Mitchell the
prosecutor you talked about in the six
o'clock hour that's the first time I've
really seen Republicans lay out
arguments that question dr. Ford's
credibility and I think it's a strategy
because they're letting somebody else do
it
they're letting Rachel Miller Rachel
Mitchell say okay these are the
inconsistencies and her stories I you
know all of these things are just mixed
up you know that what orrin hatch said
in a soundbite you know she's kind of
laying out on paper so that that shows
me that there's a back half to that
strategy yes they were worried about the
optics of the hearing but now they got
somebody else that's going to carry that
water for them well and they have to be
able the FBI it seems to me Matt Miller
I understand the limiting of the scope
as far as the witnesses that you're
going to talk to the incidence these are
the two incidents that were brought in
before our committee these are the two
incidents that we want you to
investigate these are the key players we
well you want you to investigate I
understand in a one-week investigation
that makes sense what makes no sense
though
and what Collins flake and Murkowski
must insist on it seems to me is if you
get something if you get a lead you have
to follow it and if they're not allowed
to follow leads then it's a scam
investigation right that is exactly
right look it is not unusual for
information to come in to the FBI or the
committee or the White House after a
background investigation has been
completed and what usually happens is
the client agency which in this case is
the White House will go back to the FBI
and say okay we want you to go
investigate this and they will say this
is the scope we want you to look at
these allegations and whether they're
true or not what I have never heard of
happening
happening it didn't happen in the Obama
administration is saying to the FBI we
want you to go interview only these four
witnesses that's where this becomes
completely inappropriate and I will tell
you I yeah I think Casey's right about
the frustration within the FBI it's it's
not a coincidence that the limited scope
of this investigation has managed to
leak out over the last few days you know
the FBI knows exactly what's going on
here that they're being used by the
White House the White House wants to use
them to give a you know a good
housekeeping stamp of approval when in
fact you know the investigation is being
limited from the outset where it can
only kind of produce a preordained
outcome if you can't go look at
everything and I don't think the FBI is
gonna take very kindly to being Donald
Trump's Patsy especially after the past
18 months when he is attacked them and
undermine them so I I I guarantee you
you will see more leaks from the bureau
about what the limits are on this
investigation and whether they can
actually go get to the truth which is is
their job and which is what they would
like to do well and the FBI is going to
be getting a letter I believe from
senator Feinstein today who is the
ranking member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee to the director Ray and
they're going to be asking him about the
scope of the investigation let's hope
that again the FBI is going to be
allowed to do what they need to do John
Heilemann I want to ask you the question
that I asked Casey on if we move forward
no shocking revelations come out do we
see flake Murkowski Collins and Manchin
end up voting for Brett Kavanaugh well
look I mean first of all Jeff Flake has
said publicly over this weekend that he
intended to vote as he said for for
judge Kavanaugh and that he still
intends to vote for judge Kavanaugh
unless something changes in this period
so he's on the record on that front I
think Casey is right and my interactions
with Susan Collins suggest that she has
been looking all along for a way to get
to yes and I believe Joe Manchin is more
inclined to vote yes than to vote no so
you've got the votes right there Lisa
Murkowski is a little different because
of judge Cavanaugh stance on native
issues and some of the politics in her
state she probably the most likely in
that group to be inclined to vote no but
again if you have flake and Collins and
Manchin you're there so in the absence
again there are lots of
as we've discussed or started to discuss
this morning about the scope of this FBI
inquiry and how its conducted but if we
get to the end of the week under
whatever set of circumstances and it
looks as though we're still at he-said
she-said mode and there's been no big
breakthroughs on the investigative run
I think the Donald Trump and Brett
Kavanaugh will have the votes to put him
on the Supreme Court
so last night Jeff Lake along with
Senator Coons they were both on 60
minutes talking about the compromise I
made on Friday and Jeff Flake said now I
personally don't understand this but I
guess this is how people think in
Washington these days but he personally
said that if he were running for
reelection there's no way he could have
done what he did last night I again I he
might as well have said that he had
monkeys going out of his ears I don't
understand that line of thinking I mean
I always found in my district a very
conservative district that if you took a
courageous stand and then you explained
it to your voters even the most
conservative of voters who may not have
agreed with what you did or even the
most liberal voters they actually
rewarded you for that but Jeff Flake
Steve Kornacki said last night that if
you were running for reelection there's
no way he could have ever done what he
did that seems to feed right into the
central thesis of your book which is we
are two nations a red nation and a blue
nation and this stark division would it
just prevents compromises the likes of
which we saw on Friday yeah it's funny
you you mentioned flake to flake is
somebody who who is sort of when you get
caught between that polarization when
you get caught in between that tribalism
this is what happens to your political
career because he took some steps in the
last few years to distance himself from
President Trump and that sort of turned
the Republican base in his state and
nationally against him and then he'll
he'll take he'll take other steps though
they'd anger the Democrats who are who
are eager to embrace him because the
Conservatives want to sort of cast him
out and it left him this year heading
into his reelection in that position
where he was sort of poisoned with both
juries the Republican primary electorate
didn't look like it wanted to Rinat Nate
him
in the general election audience in
Arizona didn't seem like it wanted to
re-elect him and so he chose not to run
again and Yin yes you mentioned the the
book I mean we've been talking about
polarization in politics for a long time
but that really is sort of the theme of
my book they see the title they're the
red and the blue that we're living in a
world that was created a red in blue
America in particular that form of
polarization that form of tribalism
where that color syncs up with the party
whether there are those deep demographic
cultural and geographic distinctions
between parties that those distinctions
those lines were drawn in the 1990s and
we've been living in that world ever
since so there's a stat I keep hearing
and that is that 18% of Americans
control 50% of the votes in the United
States Senate and it's it's the most
intense part of that 18% but I mean is
part of the problem that we're seeing
the fact that you have the Democratic
Party that is geographically isolated on
the coasts and you've got a Republican
Party that basically owns the central
and western time zones
it's a central and mountain central and
mountain time zones Emma Kratz can start
figuring out how to win in the center of
the country again a lot of these
problems might go away and it's
interesting because we talked about this
this the blue and red America as they're
now defined as I say the 1990s think of
it this way the number of counties in
the country there are over 3,100
counties in the United States and when
Bill Clinton became president back in
1992 when he won that election Bill
Clinton was able to carry in 92 96
almost half the counties in America
geographically Bill Clinton was able to
to carry them that tribalism that
Poehler's him that red and blue huge
said red and blue to anybody in the
country in 92 96 it would have had no
political meaning but when you
fast-forward to the 2000 election when
you shake out all the events of the 90s
the government shutdown impeachment
Clinton versus Gingrich all of that you
have that near-perfect tie on election
night 2002 Kerry in that election we're
talking about 500 counties out of
30-100 and that's the world even in
victory barack obama is only able to get
up to about 800 of them in 2012 Hillary
Clinton less than 500 and 2016 blue
America as it was created in the 90s and
as we have been living with since it is
a metropolitan as they predominantly
predominantly metropolitan phenomenon
there's been huge growth in democratic
strength there men you know big
population centers big population
density Ria's but yeah that the vastness
of the country those rural areas those
exurban areas when you start talking
about the US Senate that's the core of
red America that's the strength of the
Republican Party over the last
generation but at least let's talk about
Bill Clinton for a second I remember as
a Republican looking at the states Bill
Clinton won and I was shocked and I was
outraged that this guy from Arkansas
somehow managed to win every state on
the Mississippi I actually he won
Louisiana
he won Arkansas he won Missouri he won
Iowa he won Minnesota I mean you go
straight up the Mississippi River and
Bill Clinton knew how to win in the
heart of America I I still I understand
there are a lot of issues that Democrats
and Republicans have with Bill Clinton
right now but a politician like that
it's not like Democrats can't find other
politicians that know how to win in the
center of American what we're all
talking about how extreme Republicans
are Democrats are cloistered on the
coasts and in in a very limited number
of counties it seems they have got to
figure out how to win in the middle
again well Joe there's just a feeling
and you can look at you the numbers and
the tension that Democrats give to
certain races in the south that
Democrats have somewhat seated
candidates Democratic candidates in the
south who can actually make a go for it
in some of these states you look at
what's happening in Tennessee Phil
Bredesen has a very good chance at
picking up that Senate seat you look at
in Mississippi where we just word then
on our special morning Joe from Oxford
we had
the former Secretary of Agriculture Mike
SP on the show who is running for the
Senate seat in the special election seat
and has a pretty incredible name ID for
a Democrat in the state that usually
would just doesn't happen because again
at the national level they see looking
at you know a state like Mississippi is
a possible pickup opportunity Steve go
ahead I'm sorry I was you in this book
do you deal with that at all about how
here we go some Bill Clinton who was
able to kind of bridge the divide and
wasn't a coastal elite I mean after all
the man from hope Arkansas how did how
did we get to this point where it became
so culturally segregated and it was it's
part of the Clinton story is fascinating
when we think back to the 90s part of a
legacy of Bill Clinton and his success
in the 90s was he was able to straddle
that cultural divide you know he had
that sort of Bubba image he could win
back the Reagan Democrats he could do
well where Joe was talking about but it
was always a very delicate balance
because Bill Clinton was also in
alliance with a National Democratic
Party that was a lot more liberal when
Bill Clinton became president in 1993
the first thing he got sucked into his
president think back 25 years ago the
social dynamics of this country were
different was a fight over gays in the
military and politically for Bill
Clinton for what he had campaigned as in
1992 a different kind of Democrat who
could win those states to have that be
the defining issue that began his
presidency set him off as a cultural
liberal a sort of coastal that that sort
of track and you think of Bill Clinton
he won in 92 and he won in 96 in between
was the lowest moment for the Democratic
Party at that point really after the
Second World War
Republicans gained control of the house
in 1994 they called it the Republican
revolution Newt Gingrich became the
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich
completed basically a 16 year rise from
gadfly backbencher to Speaker of the
House Republicans thought he was
something close to a genius at that
point that was the backlash to Bill
Clinton not being able to straddle that
dividers for those first couple years
and then the Republicans that you know
and Joe I think you know has some
experience there in 95 96 there was a
backlash to Gingrich and that was sort
of the rise
America in 96 Bill Clinton's impeachment
Bill Clinton's personal conduct with
Monica Lewinsky that turned off a lot of
those culturally sensitive voters it was
just a series of battles and flare-ups
and Wars and you look at Al Gore the
legacy of the 1990s to me is that Bill
Clinton and Al Gore in 1992 were
nominated to win back the south were
nominated as moderates from the south
the face of a Democratic Party that
could win word had been losing and in
2000 Al Gore would have been president
that night forget about Florida if he
put in one Tennessee his home state of
Tennessee and by 2000 he couldn't do
that in by 2000 Bill Clinton who at the
start of the decade was the face of the
South Arkansas base he and Hillary said
you know what the future is in New York
and he built his future she built her
future in the heart of blue America what
had become blue America by the end of
that decade yeah John Heilemann
I saw a picture though of the 92
convention Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton
Al Gore Tipper Gore all standing there
smiling and waving and somebody noted
I'm sure you saw this somebody noted
that three of the four people on the
stage that night would win the popular
vote for president but only one of those
three would become president yeah it's
an extraordinary thing and I'd you know
I'm listening to Steve Kraske talk about
this obviously of what we all love an
our age group Joe went through all that
in the 1990s another thing that to
Steve's point is the fact that you know
we can all remember the fact that in
Bill Clinton's term implicants cleans
elections he won West Virginia and
there's literally not a state in the
country right now that's more Pro Trump
than the state of West Virginia that's a
state that within our our adult
lifetimes with the state the Democrats
could win and now is a state that is so
far outside the grasp of them that the
Democrats don't even bother competing in
them presidential elections again that
speaks to some of the profound changes
that happen for the Democratic Party and
in some respects Bill Clinton's role as
a moderniser of the party was incredibly
successful and in other respects his his
his attempted to moderate the party was
a total failure and in and in many
respects the party is now more looks
more like the party of the 1980s in
terms of Saudi illogical disposition
than it does the party of Bill Clinton
in the mid now
90s going back to the 1984 Democrats the
San Francisco Democrats that Republicans
ran against until Bill Clinton clobbered
them in 1992 and again in 1996 Matt
Miller if you could if you could direct
the Democrats to our direct Jeff Flake
to put pressure on the White House to
make sure there's a fair FBI
investigation this week
what would your one recommendation be it
would be very simple it will be that
career investigators decide what to
investigate and who to interview and not
not political people at the White House
it's very simple if you're looking for
the truth and not looking for you know a
rubber stamp then you ask people who are
trained to do this to go out and do
their investigation you know I would be
I would be happy to have the time
extended I don't think there should be
you know a time limit on finding the
truth but if you want to if you want to
stick with the time limit that's fine
but let the FBI decide who they're going
to interview all right well let's hope
that Jeff Flake Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins heard that because it certainly
makes a heck of a lot of sense Matt
Miller thank you so much coming up next
two of our favorite reporters the
Washington Post's Bob Kosta and Jeremy
Peters from the New York Times will be
where they say of course everybody is
our favorite reporter everybody's a
winner and everyone goes home with a
trophy
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
