there's so much that happened this
weekend we can talk about of course the
FBI investigation the debate over how
wide that FBI investigation is going to
be Democrats complaining the president's
saying you do whatever you want to do of
course Kayne wearing a make America
great again capped on Saturday Night
Live and actually my favorite moment of
the weekend they would think I kind of
got moved you know I'm a romantic guy
Donald Trump saying we fell in love
none of Kanye not a Kanye but if kim
jeong-hoon of course please everybody
this morning it at 6:01 a.m. please just
try to imagine what would have happened
if Barack Hussein Obama had said the
same thing what president I'd say but I
digress I digress talk about what
happened first of all on Friday after we
went off the air flake and Coons they
make a deal and I'm curious do you see
this is sort of like a you know after
World War two began they talked about a
funny war is this a phony peace that
Democrats and Republicans find
themselves in or part is there a
positive coming out of it well there's a
couple things I mean I think most people
probably familiar with what happened in
some sense you had Jeff Flake who came
out in the morning and said that he was
going to be voting for Judge Cavanaugh
and then over the course of that morning
in the kajigger committee and being
confronted in that elevator by two
victims of sexual assault came back and
cut talk to principally to Chris Coons
and then to his other colleagues and
they ended up reaching this
accommodation to give a week of
supplemental investigation by the FBI
that that I think you know we're now
we've already moved way past that in
that moment I think there's no doubt
that there were a lot of people on both
sides of the aisle in fact who are a
little queasy about the notion of
fast-tracking the Kavanagh nomination
having a vote today a final vote today
or Monday or Tuesday a huge test vote
over the weekend given the emotions in
the drama of Thursday's hearing to kind
of let John you notice everybody that
was screaming on Thursdays
even Lindsey Graham was speaking using
an inside voice and smiling yeah
everybody it seemed overnight had
changed at least in their temperaments
well there was a lot I mean I think a
lot of people were emotionally wrung out
but even then that committee hearing
there was an awful lot of I thought I
felt bitterness on both sides even
though their voices were lower there was
a lot of a lot of acrimony on the
Democratic side and the Republican side
of people still trying to reckon with
what had happened the previous day and a
lot of people who felt that and yeah I
think senator flake eventually kind of
get crystallized this notion that
something that we've been saying on this
show and many people have been saying
for weeks which is you know they're
these are irreconcilable versions of
events and that due process demanded at
least at least another week and at least
to look into some of these accusations
that have been brought against judge
Cavanaugh for the sake of Judge
Cavanaugh as well as the sake of the
accuser so you know you've got this
moment pause I think you know we're now
gonna have a big debate I think on an
hourly basis going forward over what the
scope of that investigation is going to
be Democrats are already unhappy with it
they think it's too limited
there you have Dianne Feinstein
demanding that the White House put
forward the the parameters of the
investigation what is the FBI exactly
been asked to to investigate you've had
representations of that made in the
press sometimes in public Lindsey Graham
on television yesterday I do think
that's gonna be an acrimonious debate
but let me just I'll say this and I and
I I do whether it's I don't there's this
is going to be the debate is this a fig
leaf that's being created here or is
this a genuine fact-finding inquiry and
and and the biggest problem with it as
your friend over the weekend I was with
I was with your friend Joyce Vance down
at the Austin in Austin at the Tribune
Festival and she made the important
point that structurally when you when
the FBI produces a piece of it does an
investigation like this it has a client
there's a client for the work product
and a client in this case is Don Magan
at the White House the White House
Counsel it is also the case that the
White House and the White House Counsel
Don began or the chief advocates on the
part of Judge Cavanaugh so they're both
the clients for the work product and and
the main sponsors of the of the of the
nomination and so therefore you have any
hair
and kind of conflict in built into this
process and I think that conflict is
going to be played out and teased out
over the days to come well I mean
everybody knew Frank that was the case
from the very beginning everybody knew
that was going to be the case because
it's a white house that orders it up
right now you have a lot of complaints
coming in that this is only a week which
of course I thinks laughable because
everybody was saying well let's just get
awake so Democrats get a week and how
people are rubbing you know their hands
together going oh my god a week is not
enough this is a sham other people are
suggesting that the scope be expanded
I don't know how for you expand a scope
when you only have a week to investigate
but those were the parameters that were
agreed to and it seems to me that if you
just take the the dr. Ford incident that
she alleges happens and you take the
five witnesses that were there and then
you take the yell incident and try to
get the five six seven eight people who
were there I don't know that does the
FBI have more time to do a good job
expanding beyond that scope I mean we
could try to track down everybody over
the next seven days but it seems to me
that the time limit and the accusations
in front of the committee required that
they did limit the scope and do a good
job just on these two incidents am I
wrong so it's not the time limit it's
not the time limit that's troubling them
me the most Jo the FBI is capable of
amazing things because of the resources
they can surge in a limited amount of
time the thing that's really bothering
me two things really is the incredible
constraints that are being put on the
FBI by the White House we're making
certain assumptions here this morning
and the sumption czar wrong the
assumption that the FBI is going to have
free rein within what they've been
tasked to do so look at Ramirez and so
you make an assumption oh you're going
to do all you're going to interview all
of the the witnesses to the Ramirez
incident you're going to run down every
name she provides you you're going to go
to Yale and you're gonna find people who
are living in the dorm at the time
that's not happening
FBI is not only dictating who you can
interview but also what investigative
steps you can take within that
allegation so for example this morning
we still don't have any word that dr.
Ford is even on the list of people to be
interviewed in fact we're hearing from
sources it's the opposite that her
statement is always is already on record
we don't need to hear from her again
that's a terrible mistake to be made out
there right there phrases okay so okay
can I ask it just for a second Frank do
you have inside information that the
rest of us don't have or is this more of
a question of transparency we need the
White House to be more transparent we
need Don began to be more transparent
because we really don't know exactly
what the parameters are right now I the
only thing I saw quoted overnight was a
senior senior federal official talking
about the limits
you've got people inside the White House
saying that they don't have those
constraints do you have information that
it is that limited Joe I'm here sitting
here this morning telling you they are
severely limited and I know they are and
I know there's frustration and I know
that the bureau is gonna have to come
back for every request that they want to
add to a very very short list the FBI
has been handcuffed and the clock is
ticking on this artificial one week that
Frank is that based on your ear sourcing
yes
okay so Donnie if in fact the FBI has
been handcuffed by Donald Trump's White
House and by Don began well at the end
of the day it doesn't buy them what they
wanted to did doesn't get them what they
wanted to get when they were all talking
positively about a one-week extension
and an FBI investigation because then
the story's just going to be about what
the FBI was not allowed to do yeah and
if Kevin gets pushed through we're going
to be in the same place that had we not
had an FBI investigation and a place
that long-term is is concerning to me
from both Jay it was interesting over
the weekend my 15 year old daughter was
telling me that a bunch of her friends
told her for the first time about
assaults aid and my 89 your mother was
telling me stories that her friends had
told her never before and you're gonna
have half of this country or the
majority of women in this country
feeling so angry so violated because at
this point going forward why does a
woman comfort this is to me so beyond
politics and if you just weren't
listening to anybody talk this weekend
it was about women and how about women
feel and to me you're gonna have a stain
Supreme Court you are going to have
women feeling almost worse than before
the me2 movement and how does that play
out in November how does that play out
going forward and also you know the
Supreme Court was one of the last
institutions that was not stained you
know we've seen what's happened with you
office of the presidency we've seen
what's happened with the FBO if you know
what happened with with with the media
everything it is kind of like dumped on
and now for an entire generation of
women going forward they will not be
able to look at the Supreme Court the
same way particularly post that
Cavanaugh performance that as a man I
was embarrassed for him it was the
ultimate display of white entitlement
and speaking bushes one more point as I
talk to men over the weekend I find that
the higher you go on the income curve
the more men are like why you know well
we all did this we all did this in one
form another still not getting it women
are getting it and I find the lower you
go on the income curve men are getting
it but this does not move us at all any
forward as far as entitled men feeling
what they can and can't get away from I
think his stakes are beyond politics it
goes way into where we stand as the
genders so at least Jordan let me ask
you a follow up on what Donnie just said
because you know before I on Thursday
and Friday what I was here everybody I
talked to was talking about how they
believe dr. Ford and Cavanaugh was
horrible and he should be you know
driven out to sea and put on a tugboat
and never be allowed to return to the
continental United States again
I was surprised over the weekend to
actually talk to men and
and who it's I haven't seen anything
like this in quite a while they would
sit there and then they would question
the veracity of dr. Ford's story and
then seamlessly we they would start
talking out about how Brett Kavanaugh
was a liar and then they would start
attacking Democrats and then they'd
start attacking Republicans and you
almost wanted to throw it here I
couldn't figure out where they were
Republicans whether they were Democrats
were there they wanted Kavanagh to go
through whether they thought dr. Ford
was a quote fabulous which I certainly
nobody here would ever say she was but
there was just a general frustration
that you know what it reminded me of the
Duke Lacrosse case where there weren't
there were no good guys good girls bad
guys good girls women etc etc it was
just everybody was negative about
everything Joe I think you're honing in
on an important part of this debate
which is facts versus feelings and how
it's become so supercharged and 20% of
America took time out from their day on
Thursday to watch these hours and hours
of searing testimony just emotional and
raw I know that I cried during both of
the testimonies and it was just one of
those moments where everyone knows how
they feel and they're thinking a lot
about how they feel and we just still
are not sure what the facts are and
that's why I do think it is important
that they have launched this one-week
investigation it's a bipartisan
agreement the Democrats forged this
agreement with Senator flake and
Republicans are going along with it and
so to move the goalposts to dramatically
seems unfair to immediately launch into
discrediting the investigation that was
a pinnacle of questioning for the
Democrats tearing judge Cavanaugh's
testimony and I agree I think the
Democrats are making mistake if they are
every single day
picking apart the FBI investigation 12
hours 24 hours into the investigation I
think what Dianne Feinstein did was
certainly more than called for demand
transparency demand to know what the FBI
can investigate what they cannot
investigate if there are FBI agents as
Frank said that believe that there being
a handcuff from from being able to
really figure out what happened that
needs to be fixed and it needs to be
fixed right away that's something
hopefully that people will we'll figure
out that we can figure out early this
morning
as the week starts so Barbara let me go
to you and I want to touch on something
that Elise she talked about facts versus
feelings I think most of the people that
we talked to as far as feelings go
almost everybody I talked to had
positive quote feelings about dr. Ford
some people were offended by what Brett
Kavanaugh said others were very moved by
Brett Kavanaugh as opening statement
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
