I'd like to talk about judicial
temperament and I have two examples to
ask you about number one the folks at
Vox put together a graphic today they
use the color blue for answered
questions and they use the color red for
did not answer it looks like a Benjamin
Moore chart for painting your children's
bedroom light blue but on the left
doctor Ford's answers for answered
questions in blue you see the red on the
right under Cavanaugh there were also
these exchanges sharp exchanges between
a federal judge and sitting US senators
are you're saying there's never been a
case where you drank so much that you
didn't remember what happened the night
before or part of what happened that's
you're asking about yet blackout I don't
know have you could you answer the
question judge I just so you that's not
happened is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problem the sweat Nick thing
is a joke that is a farce
would you like to say more about it no
did the word Ralph you used our unity
answer question if you're gonna relate
to alcohol I like for that I like beer I
don't know if you'd okay like beer
senator and what do you like the dressed
one is Senator what are you I welcome
whatever the committee wants to do
because I'm telling the truth I want to
know what you wanted I I'm telling it I
want to know what you want to do the
innocent I'm innocent of this charge
then you're prepared for an FBI
investigate on treats conclusions you
reach the conclusion they do investigate
questions Maya what do you think eight
justices sitting on the court right now
thought of those exchanges and did those
exchanges roll around in some Republican
heads in the Senate you think overnight
I certainly hope so because as an
attorney and and I imagine what Supreme
Court justices saw was the same thing is
that was abhorrent that was unacceptable
to sit there and treat a sitting senator
you don't have to agree in fact that's
what judges have to do all day every day
is listen to people they may not like
hear things they may not agree with and
what they have to do sometimes under
challenging circumstances obviously this
is much more challenging personally for
for judge cabin I'm not suggesting it's
not but pressure heat how you behave
under it whether you can retain and
maintain your ability to be open-minded
to understand you're in a situation in
which they have a constitutional
obligation to understand what your
answer is
to very significant charges this is a
judge that's what he has to ask of
people who come before him every day I
was astounded that anyone could hear
that kind of behavior from anyone I
don't care what your politics are from
anyone and then have senator Grassley
respond the way he did without any
without any admonition about the
disrespect with which he treated sitting
senators elected by citizens of the
United States to represent them in
Congress I don't understand why that
shouldn't be something that is dearly
questioned by those who have to make the
advice and consent decision and remember
one other thing here was a news item
today that didn't get very much press
because of these very important issues
and that's that Democrats in Congress
won the right to pursue their case
against Donald Trump President Trump for
enriching himself their allegation for
enriching himself through his own hotels
and other businesses as a sitting
president without the permission of
Congress as is required by the
Constitution my guess is that comes
before the Supreme Court how is a
Justice Kavanagh who demonstrated that
he would politicize this process by
claiming that the Democrats today quote
Search and Destroy will they get
fair hearing in interpreting the
Constitution if that case were to come
before him as a sitting justice hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
