so the thing about the Supreme Court is
that once you make it there you are
there for life unless you choose to
retire or you pass away or you decide
that you would rather become a u.s.
ambassador to the United Nations that is
what happened in 1965 when president
lyndon b johnson johnson convinced then
Supreme Court Associate Justice Arthur
Goldberg to quit the Supreme Court and
become the US ambassador to the UN LBJ
did that because he wanted this guy Abe
Fortas to be on the Supreme Court
instead Fortas was an old friend of
Lyndon Johnson's but it was not until he
tried to elevate him to Chief Justice in
1968 that the Senate learned about just
how close their relationship was as the
US Senate history website notes quote as
a sitting justice he regularly attended
White House staff meetings he briefed
the President on secret court
deliberations and on behalf of the
president he pressured senators who
opposed the war in Vietnam and that
closest with the president is not even
the scandal that ultimately led to
Fortas his resignation from the Supreme
Court there's a reason that our founders
wanted distance between Supreme Court
justices and the president they never
wanted a person sitting on the court
feeling like they had any obligations to
the president who appointed them but now
in the current nominee we may not just
have the sense of obligation but also
the sense that the nominee is an open
admitted partisan of the President and
his political party this whole two-week
effort has been a calculated and
orchestrated political hit fueled with
apparent pent-up anger about President
Trump and the 2016 election fear that
has been unfairly stoked about my
judicial record revenge on behalf of the
Clintons and millions of dollars in
money from outside left-wing opposition
groups this is a circus pent-up anger at
the 2016 election revenge on behalf of
the Clintons left-wing opposition groups
that sounds like Donald Trump talking
not a guy trying to become just call the
balls and strikes Supreme Court justice
now no one is naive enough to believe
that presidents don't very often
nominate people aligned with their own
political party or ideology to positions
on the courts but Brett Kavanaugh is
unique and that whereas most nominees
and even Cavanaugh himself in the first
round of his nomination present
themselves as fair-minded open-minded
non partisan umpires who just follow the
law Cavanaugh is attempting to salvage
his nomination by dropping that pretense
and being as openly partisan as
Democrats already suspected he is
showing that he is willing to fight the
Clinton culture wars from the bench
that he's willing to align himself
openly with Donald Trump in style and in
substance which begs the question does
that jeopardize his ability to remain in
the job that he has now as a federal
judge let alone get a promotion to the
Supreme Court because there is a
constitutional option that applies to
judges just like it applies to
presidents it's called impeachment more
on that next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
