so really in the middle the first block
you may have heard a little bit of Miles
Davis and a note or two tonight yes as
we all know down yeah yeah we all noted
that that was already a manual there's
very disturbing ory knows quite as the
key weekend of this show I know from six
to nine he just called some was it
through all the more disturbing it's a
three ten out there he's working out
it's not well the morning and in the
middle of his workouts he's calling us
up but this was his great insight that
this was just like the old Killer Bees
scare remember they kept telling us that
the killer bees were coming right from
from from southern and Central American
they were gonna all eat us alive yeah it
never came to fruition but I'll tell you
what there were the killer bats last
night the Red Sox how about that segue
Red Sox did you CD the game last night I
did I good
I stayed up until five four I think and
then former Yankee great Eduardo Nunez
put it away with a three-run home run
pinch-hit three-run home run one of
their all-time great Yankees and I'm
we're happy to donate to you for your
World Series efforts yeah well that's
very nice of you don't go back there the
Yankees the other analogy the killer
bees analogy would be the y2k remember
the great threat that was om and wipe
out at civilization
caravan yes sort of the y2k of 2018 it's
very scared about that now last night I
saw that the first part of the World
Series you already already out and about
you're at an alzheimer's event last
night yeah I was I was M seeing the
Alzheimer's Association event here in
New York City as you know well Joe there
are six million people in this country
who live with that it's a devastating
disease not only to the person who has
it but to the family who cares for them
so I'm always happy to lend a small
voice in a night or two and to help them
raise the money for that yeah it's so
important of course the news yesterday
of Sandra Day O'Connor yeah knowing this
was Evan Thomas throat this was her
biggest fear that her mother had it her
husband of course had it she got off the
court to take care of him her sister had
it there's a lot of research that needs
to be done still we have a long way to
go in that
that does impact families yeah and
Sandra Day O'Connor spent the you know
she left the court in 2005 to be with
her husband who had Alzheimer's he died
of Alzheimer's but she fought that
entire time until now she says she's
gonna step out of public life but she's
been fighting for a dozen years now to
get funding and it has worked it was
brought up last night david Hyde Pierce
was one of the guests there and his
father died of it and he's been lobbying
Congress for years he says I remember
the first time I went up we were asking
for a million dollars we got it and he
said this year the funding for
Alzheimer's from the federal government
will be 2.3 billion dollars so there is
progress made there Joe real progress so
let's talk some politics we've got Steve
Kornacki at the table George's Secretary
of State Brian Kemp the state's top
election official who's also the
Republican nominee for governor has been
accused of voter suppression for putting
the registrations of more than 53,000
voters on hold with his office nearly 70
percent of them black in a state where
african-americans make up only 32
percent of the population and now
Rolling Stone has published audio of
Kemp at a private event expressing
concern for his chances if quote
everybody uses and exercises their right
to vote and worries we were going in
their vase a lot of that with absentee
ballot request they have this
unprecedented a number of that which is
something that continues to concern us
especially her bike uses and exercises
their right to vote was - absolutely we
can email to the ballots in we have
turnout that continues to concern us of
everyone's as it exercises their right
to vote a spokesperson for Kemp did not
directly to respond to questions about
that recording this as another poll
shows camp tied with Democratic nominees
Stacey Abrams 48 to 48 in a debate last
night Kent said he will not recuse
himself if the race goes to a recount do
you believe you can impartially oversee
the state's elections while also running
for governor and - your office is
required by law to direct a recount
would you recuse yourself if a recount
is necessary then I appreciate that
question I took office to serve the
Secretary of State and that's exactly
what I'm going to continue to do
under secretary Kemp more people have
lost the right to vote in the state of
Georgia they've been purged
they've been suppressed and they've been
scared this is a man who had someone
arrested for helping her blind father
cast a ballot he raided the offices of
organizations to stop them from
registering voters that type of voter
suppression feeds the narrative because
voter suppression isn't only about
blocking the vote it's also about
creating an atmosphere of fear making
people worry that their votes won't
count as I said national political
correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC
steep Kornacki joins us now along with
in New York Times reporter Jeremy Peters
guys good morning I'm Steve how can Kemp
not recuse himself if this goes to a
recount I mean the argument he'll make
is that the recount is not at you know
that there's a sort of an automatic
trigger for a recount if that happens
the Secretary of State's office he would
say and we saw Chris Kobach try to make
this case early on Kansas during the
primary of the Secretary of State's
office maybe not as it has involved in
that it's more of a local matter in
terms of recounting them he try to make
that case but obviously this this issue
is now just sort of overtaking this race
the other thing though that comes to
mind when you put that poll up on the
screen 48 48 the other thing to keep in
mind is that Georgia is sort of unique
among states in that they've got this
general election between a Democratic
nominee and a Republican nominee but
they also have a runoff provision in
Georgia and there is a libertarian
candidate who was at that debate last
night and this has this has happened a
couple times in the last generation in
Georgia if that libertarian candidate
gets three four percent of the vote in
this races as even as these polls are
showing and no one gets 50 percent this
thing heads to a runoff in the modern
history of runoffs in Georgia and this
would be tested this year I think but
the modern history of runoffs in Georgia
is that the sort of a surge Democratic
participation in the November general
election has dropped off and Republicans
have done well in these runoff election
there's the famous one right after the
1992 election Bill Clinton carried the
state of Georgia defeated George HW Bush
the Senate race went to a runoff the
Republican won in the Senate race Barack
Obama got within five points in 2008 in
Georgia the Senate race went to a runoff
the Senate race then went to the
Republican by a lap sided double digit
margin so the Democrats have been sort
of keying all their efforts to this
general election in November the stacey
abrams formula here
particulars to try to expand the
electorate get that surged turnout but
if this thing kicks over to a runoff
Democrats that need to try to replicate
that a few weeks later this is this is
what makes Kemp so dangerous right I
mean most folks will say he's like the
uber version of the guy who tries to
suppress the vote that is to say he is
didn't deploy almost all the methods at
once as opposed to individual methods
whether it's whether there's voter ID
laws where this cross-check a range of
things how is it how can he in some ways
make the argument that he should shall
we say preside over this election given
that kind of shadow I mean it would seem
to cast a shadow of legitimacy even if
he wins
well I that that's the question I think
first of all politically what effect is
this gonna have in the homestretch of
the campaign is this gonna take any sort
of undecided swing voters in the state
and move them against him is this gonna
have the effect of further motivating
the Democratic base voters that Stacey
Abrams is trying to get out to the polls
is this gonna have the effect as Stacey
Abrams said in that clip you just played
I think what Democrats are worried about
your tip because keep in mind that
number 53,000 those folks can't show up
at the polls if they provide an ID and
can resolve whatever the impasse is that
they can then cast the ballot but the
question that Democrats are raising is
okay but is this gonna have the effect
of sort of making those voters think I'm
not supposed to I shouldn't it's better
if I don't does it have that kind of
effect - Joe well you know Jeremy Peters
oh it's just I mean we all learn to get
cynical about things like this but even
in these cynical days it's staggering to
hear as Secretary of State who is in
charge of voting getting caught on an
open mic saying we're in big trouble if
people go out and exercise the right to
vote that I must admit that's a new one
in terms of just pure sheer cynicism
coming from the person who's in charge
of voting for a state yeah that's
absolutely right and and we all know
that there is this veneer that a lot of
Republicans like to put over this debate
that this is all about election
integrity and the need to ensure that
there isn't fraudulent voting occurring
even though fraudulent voting itself is
basically a fraudulent myth so what you
have going on here is a very trumpian
argument right it's if the other side is
fired up and voting the system must be
rigged
they're cheating and they are denying us
our rightful victory here and I think
it's it's a struggle that you've seen
across the country from North Carolina
to Pennsylvania where you've had these
state legislatures enact these voting
rights laws gerrymandered districts in
extreme fashions in a way to preserve a
majority when they are in fact slipping
closer and closer to minority status so
I yeah this is a I'm actually surprised
it hasn't gotten worse than this and
Brian camp at the debate last night
called voter suppression a farce in the
state of Georgia said it's absolutely
not true that it's taking place
everybody sit tight we're gonna come
right back with the latest numbers that
some of the other key races will be back
in just a moment
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
