so Daniel we've got to get Daniel
Goldman in here you've been shaking your
head a few times what why why why can't
we just stop right now and start a FDA
FBI investigation if the Republicans
called for it there's no reason okay and
I think there are a couple of problems
here first of all the Senate committee
staffers are not trained professional
investigators to the letter from mark
judge is pretty meaningless because what
you would really need to do to properly
interview him is getting to a lot of the
details of what was going on look at
that July 1st entry in the calendar of
Brett Kavanaugh ask you there's a you
could easily figure out what house that
was at then you can figure out whether
the description matches what Professor
Ford talks about there are many ways to
find corroboration or not or not
corroboration if you want and so it
we're left with a situation where
because of the delays as Joe pointed out
with the the Democrats and how they may
have handled this the the carry suberino
and and others seem to be saying that it
doesn't matter anymore
what's out of the bottle that can't be
put back in so that's exactly the
question and it I think it's really
important to understand that the Senate
committee investigation is not the same
as an FBI investigation that's not what
they're meant to do and we know that in
part because the Senate Judiciary
Committee reopens background
investigations all the time for this
exact variant and let's just stop
pretending that this isn't about keeping
mark judge away from FBI agents
everybody watching knows it it doesn't
the Conservatives were saying just jam
this through it's gone on long enough
they know it they could be you can start
them working today they could be done by
Monday hey there's a small group of
people that they can go to and the
Republicans and the White House and
chuck Grassley don't want that to happen
Jon Meacham so we have a new horror
movie
that's going to be coming out this
summer revenge
the Clintons when Judge Cavanaugh spoke
of the revenge of the Clintons my mind
immediately went back to Hillary Clinton
on The Today Show talking about the vast
right-wing conspiracy its history Rimes
it sure does and that was among the most
revealing things said yesterday it
clearly it cast a bright light on the
narrative that's the movie if you will
that's playing in in the heads of the
nominee and and his supporters this is
the idea is that they are trying to take
on and take out someone who was critical
in the Starr investigation to me it's
the most interesting parallel we've all
been talking for understandable reasons
about the 27-year cycle from Judge
Thomas and the 41 administration this is
much more about 1998 than it is 1991 I
think in terms of raw political power
and the fact that in his defiant
statement yesterday judge Cavanaugh went
straight for the pulling out the the
battles of the 1990s is really
interesting remember one of the things
that was so compelling to a lot of
people about Barack Obama was that he
wanted as he put it he was not going to
relitigate the 60s remember back in 2008
and part of his appeal against Senator
Clinton at the time was haven't we had
enough of this haven't we had enough of
the culture wars of the wars of
impeachment can't we you know let's at
least try to change the change the story
to me what's so fascinating is we're
right back there you know as Faulkner
said the past is never dead it isn't
even past and Cavanaugh I think was
shaped in that cauldron and I think the
other thing just just quickly you know
we're not talking about people aren't
talking about changing 30 senators Minds
either way but you showed the graphic a
minute ago of those
I guess if I were one of those senators
today and this is not a partisan point I
would just be wondering would I knowing
that if this conversation were unfolding
in February of this year in February of
18 as opposed to September of 18 you
know that those senators would wait for
more process more of a chance to to make
sure this is in fact not that this did
not happen or however the Kavanagh
people are framing it you know they
would buy time to know more and because
it's September and because of the
midterms basically those senators who
have a chance to really make a mark here
have decided that the somehow or another
that's that's they're gonna throw reason
out because Mitch McConnell might be
mean to them I understand the politics
of propping I understand I understand
the human drama
you know I'm not there but I'll tell you
this historically you know this John
Kennedy once said there's a reason
profiles encourage was just one volume
but they've got a chance to write a new
chapter here and they should well you
talk about the the portrait test this
has a portrait test let's put the the
faces up again the vote especially for
Susan Collins for Lisa Murkowski for
Jeff Flake especially for those three it
is a career-defining vote for them and a
vote that if they vote yes could could
blow up in their faces and and oh my god
in January if Democrats get the subpoena
power and and start investigating judge
Cavanaugh's background and a lot of
people are gonna be turning to them and
saying why didn't you just wait one week
yep I mean that's that's a hell of a
portrait isn't it John it is and you
know the intellectual dishonesty and the
ink
isten seas are part of politics I
understand that but the reason we have a
United States Senate is as Washington
said to cool the coffee and the saucer
and there are eight people you just
showed I think who have the capacity to
say we're just going to cool the coffee
because this isn't the Secretary of
Commerce with all respect to the office
of Herbert Hoover you know it's it's 40
years plus of someone who's going to be
a key voice in deciding how Americans
live what American rights and
responsibilities are and I don't know
what happened in 1982 and I do think you
have to now step back and say if in fact
there's more information to be had that
might be corroborating of dr. Ford's
testimony possibly then you then you
have someone who perjured themselves
repeatedly in the pursuit of power and
so if there were any any means necessary
to clear that up if there any means
available and there are including final
point the ABA which was approvingly
quoted yesterday Cavanaugh approvingly
quoted they're approving words about him
they just called for to hit the brakes a
little bit so why won't one of those
like why can't those senators say you
know what let's just wait yep I think
that's actually where this this story is
at this point that's the cliff it's on
Jon Meacham thank you very much Daniel
Goldman thank you as well and still
ahead we were supposed to learn the fate
of Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen
Stein yesterday but his meeting with the
president was put on the back burner
thanks to yesterday's hearing we'll
figure out where everything stands there
Plus NBC's Richard Engel has been
following the foreign money tied to
Donald Trump's 2016 campaign for a long
time and he has new reporting on a major
campaign donor with ties to Russia
Morning Joe we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
