last night the Republican staff of this
committee released the media
timeline that shows that they've
interviewed two people who claimed they
were the ones who actually assaulted you
I'm asking you to address this new
defense of mistaken identity directly
dr. Ford with what degree of certainty
do you believe Brett Kavanaugh assaulted
you 100 percent the day after the
allegation appeared I told this
committee that I wanted a hearing as
soon as possible to clear my name
I demanded a hearing for the very next
day unfortunately it took the committee
10 days to get to this hearing in those
10 long days as was predictable and as I
predicted my family and my name have
been totally and permanently destroyed
by vicious and false additional
accusations the 10-day delay has been
harmful to me and my family
to the Supreme Court and to the country
it was nearly nine hours of extremely
emotional testimony yesterday from dr.
Christine quasi Ford and Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh before the
Senate Judiciary Committee will he
summed it up on Twitter this morning
writing quote in the absence of new
evidence
how do Collins Murkowski flake at all
choose between one a smart poised woman
claiming adamantly she was assaulted by
Brett Kavanaugh and to a career public
servant with a reputation of integrity
and unequivocally denying it was him
the committee is scheduled to meet at
9:30 this morning where they are still
expected to vote welcome to morning Joe
it is Friday September 28 along with Joe
Willie and me we have Republican
strategist and MSNBC political analyst
Susan Dell / CEO former US Attorney for
the Northern District of Alabama and an
MSNBC contributor Joyce Vance and
Pulitzer Prize winning columnist
associate over the Washington Post an
MSNBC political analyst Eugene Robinson
good to have you all on board what a
long week it's been it was an incredible
day yesterday so Mika what were your
thoughts and and let's start with dr.
Ford of extremely compelling extremely
painful I actually can sum it all up I
cried during I tears of my eyes during
both opening statements and let me ask
you a question this everybody was
talking about yesterday being such an
extraordinary day and you you were you
were you were tearing up there are a
couple times I was coughing cheering up
what's the last political event that you
can remember where you were tearing up
throughout the day I mean I've never
seen it happen no other than of course
every time Brock Obama gives a speech
but it was such an extraordinary day and
and so did you it was so hit why I cried
when Brock Obama gave speeches for
completely different reasons but what an
extraordinary day what an emotional day
and yeah you were tearing up through her
testimony you were tearing up at times
through his testimony just staring at
his wife and the path on her face that
was a thing as I I was riveted by both
saddened by both then I would go on
Twitter and I would see people I know
saying the most horrible things and
taking sides and I felt uncomfortable
watching this whole thing and I I
couldn't help but to believe every step
of the day yesterday that this is
exactly what Donald Trump wants and what
he's been working for since he decided
to run for president he sews doubt he
defense people and he loves pitting
people against each other and I feel
like Democrats and Republicans are
falling for whatever whatever joke he
has played on this country and I
agree with Brett Kavanaugh this is a
circus and we're not going to get to the
truth this way and I was extremely sad
for politics and for the media
throughout the day yesterday well it was
the bias actually if you could if you
could not watch both of these human
beings suffering the way they were
suffering and not feel empathy for them
then you were so biased and you were so
sold into your political side and you so
determined what you were going to
believe then then the reaction I
shouldn't really shouldn't be a report
here what you're saying but the reaction
to dr. Ford and and the the passion that
women feel right now for her right it is
due to Trump we have a president who's
been accused of sexual harassment and
assault and claims he does it right and
we are I think collectively at this
point but me feeling what does that have
to do with what I just said because one
woman has finally stepped up and she's
finally being heard and I think we're
collectively responding to everything
that has gone wrong the past few years
through her and we believe her we want
to hear her and yet there are facts that
are undisputable and here's one of them
there are a lot of questions and
challenges to this case and so it's
painful to watch people digging in
because I don't think in this arena that
we saw yesterday we will know the truth
and I think the weakness you pointed out
in real time was him not saying that he
could totally accept an FBI
investigation okay let's get to that I
won't make my bigger point mm-hmm and
I'll say it again if you watched the
opening statements and you didn't have
empathy for both of those people and you
immediately went on Twitter and started
thrashing them based on your political
affiliation you shouldn't be your owner
with your - you're too biased yeah you
know what I didn't I didn't support
Cavanaugh I think I've expressed how I
well before this
I know okay but you can still have
empathy again for for what's going on
especially if he believes what he says
and his life has been absolutely
destroyed and his family's reputation
has been destroyed and his children have
had to endure this what public figure
can't feel for that person I know Willie
you were we were talking about this and
and talked about how compelling dr. Ford
was again we teared out to her testimony
and Brett Kavanaugh and talk about that
but also there was at least for me and I
think for you a defining moment where
sort of the guard dropped for Brett
Kavanaugh and suddenly he got on the
defensive and it just didn't make sense
well he was defensive and powerful in
his opening statement and I think when
Senator Durbin confronted him with the
question of why not have an FBI
investigation things started to unravel
for him if you look at his tone and his
posture after that that's when he made
the snide comment to senator Klobuchar
that's when he went back and forth with
senator Feinstein he looked more than
defensive at that point it wasn't a
Perry Mason moment but if these hearings
had a Perry Mason line that was that and
it's not gonna change a single vote
people that were gonna vote for
Cavanaugh before gonna vote for him
after but not only we all said the only
thing we can do is as humans look at
them yeah and assess who's telling
through through so I still don't know
who's telling the truth and who's not
nobody does I mean but that was a moment
where you just said it makes no sense
that he and every Republican are afraid
right to have an FB they can talk about
delay it's a week we all know the world
knows what that's about
they don't want the FBI to talk to mark
judge the whole world
knows that in Republicans treat
Americans stupid when they pretend it's
anything else other than that yeah and
we've said that for a week and a half
now since we first heard about this if
you were Brett kavanah wouldn't you want
a third party - yes just so you could
point at it and say don't take my word
for it take the FBI's word for it he was
given that chance
I believe nineteen times yeah Hayes asks
would you want an FBI hearing if it were
me I said sure
bring the FBI and look at it I did not
do that you know what you would do that
gene the first day yeah I would say
bring the epoch if people were saying
it's about say I'd say bring the FBI in
I want them in right now I want you know
what bring in the NSA bring in everybody
you can bring and investigate it now but
the excuses Oh they've already done six
on this listen put Marty done in that no
they don't want mark just because this
is a guy recovering alcoholic a lot of
other issues he's not gonna lie exactly
and the failure to have an FBI
investigation which both sides could put
faith in - at least a measure of faith
and - because it would be conducted on
sort of an equal basis it's not you know
my polygraph test it's not my affidavits
it's the FBI's findings whatever they
may be without that half the country is
going to think the outcome is
illegitimate
whichever waved goodbye can somebody
really lose faith and somebody tell
Lindsey Graham he can scream as loud as
he wants it doesn't change the fact and
it will not distract Americans from the
fact that they're just trying to rush
this through as quickly as possible
because they don't want anything else to
come up and they don't want the FBI to
have three days to talk to Marcus judge
they could start it today and be done by
Sunday not always quick and versus a
lifetime appointment to the Supreme
Court with it was kind of it in bed with
a cloud mica over his head so thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
