the last thing before we go tonight it
is about what we witnessed today a
moment of genuine high drama human drama
in Washington the likes of which as we
said we haven't seen for a generation or
more of American life and it gave us one
of those rare tell me you're watching
this or are you watching this national
television moments combined with the
fact that watching television is now
much more of a portable pursuit than
when we were say younger it meant that
we had millions not just watching in
living rooms and kitchens but in office
cubicles and break rooms and waiting
rooms listening in the car continuing on
computer screens when we got to work
students gathered in college campuses to
see history play out live it even
happened underground a photo tweeted out
today widely circulated showing a couple
listening to the proceedings on a New
York subway train and trust me that's
not an easy trick in the air today the
hearing dominated those seat back TV
screens on those planes so equipped the
television chef Andrew Zimmern noted on
his flight today
no one is reading a magazine no one is
talking a woman from New York sent this
out when other women on your JetBlue
flight are watching the Cavanagh
hearings with you it's hard not to feel
the impact dr. Ford's testimony has
greater American public and there was
the daughter who shared the picture of
her father watching the Cavanagh hearing
while undergoing chemotherapy treatments
Oh Americans watched and listened today
but political divides as we've
chronicled here tonight being what they
are people saw and heard different
things today that conversation continues
tonight it continues first thing
tomorrow morning the stakes couldn't be
higher it is time here on the East Coast
at least for this long day to come to an
end and that is our broadcast for this
Thursday night thank you so very much
for being with us for all of it and good
night from NBC News headquarters here in
New York
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
