my family and my name have been totally
and permanently destroyed by vicious and
false additional accusations as no doubt
was expected if not planned came a long
series of false last-minute smears
designed to scare me and drive me out of
the process before any hearing occurred
I'm never going to get my reputation
back it's it my my life is totally and
permanently altered this drama that
played out on the hill today may not
stop or even stall Brett Kavanaugh
Supreme Court nomination Republican
senators met tonight to decide how to
move forward the verdict there's no
change to the scheduled Judiciary
Committee expected to vote tomorrow
morning 9:30 a.m. here in the east full
Senate will likely take up the
nomination within the next few days as
early as Saturday with us tonight to
talk about all of it former US Attorney
Joyce Vance who spent 25 years as a
federal prosecutor Eugene Robinson
Pulitzer Prize winning columnist for The
Washington Post and Michael Steele
former chairman of the Republican
National Committee former lieutenant
governor of the great state of Maryland
mr. chairman I have yet to talk to you
all day yes we had this situation today
mr. chairman that we're a sex crimes
prosecutor from Maricopa County Arizona
not that there's anything wrong with
that
was questioning a sitting federal judge
as designated woman to ask the questions
and take the heat for the 11 white male
Republicans on that side of the
committee did that backfire or did that
turn out pretty well for them do you
think III think it fell very flat to be
honest with you Brian in fact I think
the general consensus emerging out of
that was at the end where I thought she
just kind of punted to be honest she was
she was not the prosecutor you could
almost see in the way she was asking the
questions two things going on in her
mind one I got to somehow preserve my
reputation out of this and two
this woman is credible she is
telling the truth and I think that made
it much more difficult for her to pursue
the line of questioning the way I think
the Republican Republicans on the
committee envisioned it so much so and I
and I think at after that testimony
there was a lot of consternation and
bubbling about the effectiveness of not
the questioning but the answers to the
point well I think it pushed all of this
to a head with Senator Graham and others
that wound up they just said forget this
we're going to take control of asking
the questions of Cavanaugh Joyce you
were with us when this all played out
when he came out it was it was just like
he was gonna throw the long ball you
heard him there say my name has been
destroyed past tense well you could
argue not if you're still going to make
your way to the Supreme Court you know
there is this incredible moment when I
think everybody listening to him thought
he's about to take his name out of
consideration and then he pushed past
that through this toddler Worthy temper
tantrum and and staked out his right to
be on the Supreme Court his right to
push past any sorts of allegations that
were made against him it was really a
remarkable and I don't mean that in a
good way sort of a moment Eugene a good
friend of mine who has Pulitzer Prize
it's you has written a column and the
title right here is just how low can
Republican senators go I'd love you to
take a whack at answering your own
question well if you if you had imagined
earlier in the week how bad can Thursday
be you wouldn't have been close to how
bad answer to your question if you want
to take a look at this with the widest
possible lens this is all part of to
quote my favorite America now we are
engaged in a great Civil War right and
this is the war between the America that
was and the America that will be and
this is a very very difficult transition
as this war has many theaters and many
fronts
race diversity age urban-rural there
lots of fault lines here and and it's
becoming more like to mix my war
metaphors like World War one we're dug
into trenches today dug those trenches
deeper because dr. Christine Blasi Ford
was credible I think she was totally
credible
there's no mistaken identity she is she
happens to be qualified as an expert
witness as well to testify in in this
case so she knew exactly what was going
on not only what happened to her but
what was going on with her perception
her memory of it she was as credible as
you possibly could be and when it came
judge Kavanagh Stern he decided to to go
full partisan let it fly just absolutely
let her rip and and when the the
prosecutor Rachel Mitchell just happened
to be asking him about specifics and was
getting to that date that could be a
potential date where this might have
happened because you know the skis with
all these folks in July first I think it
is 1982 that just happened to be the
point where Lindsey Graham goes off and
and completely derails
any sort of fact-finding even in this
venue not that we're gonna have actual
fact finding by the FBI which has been
ruled out but even in this venue we
couldn't even find out any facts all we
could do is dig the trenches deeper and
so there's gonna be more like hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
