and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour all right as Chris said time
has lost meaning things are going to go
faster and slower than it seems like
they ought to but today was a historic
day for a million different reasons and
let's let's try to make some sense of it
together I want to start tonight with
some of what we saw today for the way I
think today went and what was just this
sprawling gut-wrenching emotional
hearing after we talked about sort of
what I think happened today we're going
to talk a little bit about what's gonna
happen because of this hearing today
where this is all likely to go but in
terms of in terms of what happened today
this is all out of chronological order
so I'm just trying to make the most
sense of it but I think when you talk
about the impact of what happened today
even without us knowing what this is
gonna do to the Cavanaugh confirmation I
think you have to start with this
nobody has ever been confirmed to the
federal judiciary in the United States
after anything even close to this
happened in the US Senate while that
nominee was being assessed for the job
my family and my name have been totally
and permanently destroyed by vicious and
false additional accusations you have
replaced advice and consent with Search
and Destroy
since my nomination in July there's been
a frenzy on the left to come up with
something anything to block my
confirmation the people have been
willing to do anything to make any
physical threat against my family to
send any violent email to my wife to
make any kind of allegation against me
and against my friends to blow me up and
take me down you sowed the wind for
decades to come
I fear that the whole country will reap
the whirlwind the behavior of several
the Democratic members of this committee
of my hearing a few weeks ago was an
embarrassment but at least it was just a
good old-fashioned attempt at
working those efforts didn't work when I
did at least ok enough at the hearings
that it looked like I might actually get
confirmed a new tactic was needed some
of you were lying in wait and had it
ready a long series of false last-minute
smears designed to scare me and drive me
out of the process before any hearing
occurred you've tried hard you've given
it your all no one can question your
effort but you're coordinated and
well-funded effort to destroy my good
name and destroy my family will not
drive me out this whole two-week effort
has been a calculated and orchestrated
political hit fueled with a parent
pent-up anger about President Trump and
the 2016 election fear that has been
unfairly stoked about my judicial record
revenge on behalf of the Clintons
revenge on behalf of the Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh isn't on the
Supreme Court at this point but he is
already a federal appeals court judge a
federal appeals court judge behaving
that way speaking that way in any
setting let alone in the Senate yelling
like this at US senators aside from
everything else that happened today this
is just unheard of for a sitting jurist
if you're very confident of your
position and you appear to be
why aren't you also asking the FBI to
investigate these claims senator I'll do
whatever the committee wants I wanted a
hearing the day after the allegation
came up I wanted to be here that day
instead 10 days past where all this
nonsense is coming out you know diamond
gangs I'm on boats in Rhode Island
I'm in Colorado you know I'm cited all
over the place and these things are
printed and run breathlessly by cable
news you know I wanted to
the next day my family's been destroyed
by this senator destroyed whoever wants
you know whatever the committee decides
yeah I'm all in Jimmy immediately I'm
all in immediately I'm here I wanted to
be here I wanted to be here the next day
it would say it's an outrage that I was
not allowed to come and immediately
defend my name and say I didn't do this
and give you all this evidence I'm not
even I'm not even in DC on the weekends
in the summer of 1982 huh this happened
on a weekday was it would I'm not in a
Blair high school for a summer league
game on that at Tobin's house working
out I'm not at a movie with Suzanne you
know I wanted to be here right away we
hear from the witnesses but the FBI
isn't interviewing them and isn't giving
us any facts so all we have you're
interviewing you're interviewing me
you're you're doing it senator what
you're saying if if I understand it is
that the allegations by dr. Ford miss
Ramirez and miss Feldt the sweat Nik are
are wrong you that that is emphatically
what I'm saying
emphatically the sweat Nik thing is a
joke that is a farce
would you like to say more about it no
okay that's it Thank You mr. chairman
dr. Ford has described you as being
intoxicated at a party
judge Cavanaugh seemed to be sort of
unable to control himself for some of
his hearing this afternoon and you heard
the start of the questioning there that
came after after that interaction with
Dianne Feinstein where he was screaming
at senator Feinstein as she's not really
getting in her questions and he's
interrupting and he's sort of running
off on tangents that we don't really
know where they're going and he then
seemed to get mixed up or sort of stuck
answering questions specifically about
drinking and it was hard to tell
watching the this part of the hearing
watching him talking about drinking
during the hearing if judge Cavanaugh
was finding those particular questions
just too difficult to answer or if they
weren't necessarily hard questions but
he was just finding it too hard to
contain himself finding it so difficult
to contain his emotions that he just
couldn't get his answers out I drank
beer with my friends almost everyone did
sometimes I had too many beers sometimes
others did I liked beer I still liked
beer we drank beer my friends and I the
boys and girls yes we drank beer
I liked beer still liked beer we drank
beer we liked beer didn't relate to
alcohol I liked for that I liked beer I
don't know if you don't like beer
senator and what do you like the dressed
one is Senator what are you a nudge what
do you consider to be too many beers I
don't know
you know we whatever the chart says an
blood alcohol chart so drinking came up
repeatedly today for a couple of reasons
number one because dr. Christine Pelosi
Ford's claim that she was sexually
assaulted by Brett Cavanaugh when he was
17 is an allegation that she says
happened while Kavanagh in her words was
stumbling drunk so that's one reason why
drinking has come up around this
confirmation the other reason drinking
came up repeatedly today at this hearing
in particular is because since this
sexual assault allegation against him
has surfaced judge Kavanagh has claimed
in testimony that has been included in
the car
shanell record and it was therefore
subjected to pain of perjury he has
claimed that he is never once in his
entire life drunk to excess to the point
where he couldn't remember something
that happened while he was drunk and
that has become a source of controversy
in his confirmation because it has been
contested by Cavanaugh's friends from
the time period in question they say he
was known as a heavy drinker and that's
not the end of the world but if he's
lying about that there's a question of
why he's lying about that the issue of
drinking also led to some of the most
baffled disjointed even strange
responses from Brett Kavanaugh today
including him not answering questions
from senator Amy Klobuchar and him sort
of culminating that exchange with a
series of aggressive questions to her
where he appeared to be insinuating that
she had a drinking problem most people
have done some drinking in high school
in college and many people even struggle
with alcoholism and binge drinking my
own dad struggled with alcoholism most
of his life and he got in trouble for it
and there were consequences he is still
in a a at age 90 and he's sober and in
his words he was pursued by grace and
that's how he got through this so in
your case you have said here in other
places that you never drank so much that
you didn't remember what happened but
yet we have heard not under oath but we
have heard your college roommate say
that you did drink frequently these are
in Ruby news reports that you would
sometimes be belligerent another
classmate said it's not credible for you
to say you didn't have memory lapses so
drinking is one thing I don't that I
actually don't think that's the second
quotes correct okay drinking is one
thing but the concern is about
truthfulness and in your written
testimony you said sometimes you had too
many drinks was there ever a time when
you drank so much that you couldn't
remember what happened or part of what
happened the night before I know I
remember what happened and I think
you've probably had beer center and
and so you're saying there's never been
a case where you drank so much that you
didn't remember what happened the night
before a part of what happened that's
you're asking about yeah blackout I
don't know have you could you answer the
question judge I just so you that's not
happened is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problems nor do I okay thank
you judge Cavanaugh actually came back
from a break after that moment and
apologized for what he had said there to
Senator club char it's not clear to me
why he said it and why he was going
there I will talk with senator club char
about that in just a few minutes if
Brett Kavanaugh ends up on the Supreme
Court or if he doesn't and he just goes
back to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals
not just this sexual assault allegation
levied against him during his
confirmation process by Christine Blasi
Ford but also this side of Brett
Kavanaugh that he showed today in the
hearing room this will now be a part of
the history of this nomination and of
his role in history and his role as a
judge I mean even if he stays on the DC
appeals court but especially if he goes
to the Supreme Court
Cavanaugh's behavior today in this
public hearing will change the modern
perception of the court in an indelible
way it will change the expectations for
what judges are supposed to be like now
in terms of assessing the sexual assault
allegation against Brett Kavanaugh which
was the cause of today's hearing there
was a pretty tight range in terms of
things that were actually fought over in
the committee room one of them that was
fought over over and over again and it's
still unanswered is the question of why
Republicans and the White House and
judge Cavanaugh now are so insistent
that the FBI must not be allowed to
reopen their background investigation of
Judge Cavanaugh to gather evidence and
gather witness statements about these
allegations against him that have arisen
during the course of his nomination
Republicans today tried a dual-track of
arguing both that the FBI background
check process is no big deal it wouldn't
provide anything helpful anyway and at
the same time they insisted today that
it's very important that
this pointless little nothing FBI
investigation definitely shouldn't be
done in this case even though this is
the way it's always been done for all
other nominees the Clarence Thomas Anita
Hill matter in the John tower defense
nominate I mean whenever there have been
late raised allegations in a
confirmation process and this is a
nominee for whom there is a background
investigation the background
investigation gets reopened they insist
that must not happen here and newly
today that the FBI investigation is no
big deal it's hard to argue both of
those simultaneously judge Kavanagh
himself though hewed close to those
Republican Republican arguments today to
the point of bewilderment from one
Democratic senator I'm sure that the
chairman at that point will understand
that that is a reasonable request to
finally put to rest these charges if
they are false or to prove them if they
are not you spent two years in the White
House Office that approved judicial
nominees you turn to the FBI over and
over and over again for their work let's
bring them in here and now turn to down
mcgann and tell him it's time to get
this done an FBI investigation is the
only way to answer some of these
questions to stop the clock
this committee is running this hearing
not the White House not Don Magan not
even you as a nominee where we are here
today because dr. Ford asked for an
opportunity here I welcome whatever the
committee wants to do because I'm
telling the truth I want to know what
you wanted I I'm telling it I want to
know what you want to do to the innocent
I'm innocent of this charge that you're
prepared for an FBI investigate on
treats conclusions you reach the
conclusion whether they do investigate
questions you can't have it both ways
judge you can't say here at the
beginning I wanted moment like well any
kind of investigation this thing was in
this this thing was sprung at the last
minute after being held by staff you
know judge and I called home for a
hearing immediate why would you resist
that there's they did odd instigation
why would you resist
kind of investigation Sarah I welcome
I wanted the hearing last week I'm
asking about the FBI investor the
committee figures out how to ask the
questions I'll do whatever I've been on
the phone multiple times the committee
counsel
I'll talk to judge Cavanaugh will you
support an FBI investigation right now I
I will do whatever the committee wants
to personally do you think that's the
best thing for us to do you won't answer
yeah look senator
I've said I wanted a hearing and I'd
said I was welcome anything I'm innocent
immediately after that sort of collapse
on the issue of why the FBI can't look
into this it was immediately after that
that Republicans actually abandoned
their whole game plan for how this
hearing was going to go today you'll
remember if you saw anything in the
morning session with dr. Christine Blasi
Ford Republicans sat silently through
the entire morning they seated all of
their time to ask questions to a sex
crimes prosecutor they had flown in for
this occasion from Arizona in the
afternoon session Democratic Senator
mazie Hirono actually clarified at the
outset with the Republican chairman that
again like the morning they would all
seed all of their time in the afternoon
to that same prosecutor rather than
saying anything themselves to judge
Kavanaugh judge chairman Grassley
confirmed that was the plan for the
afternoon as well but after what just
happened there with dick Durbin after
Kavanagh fell apart under questioning
about why there can't be an
investigation of these claims against
him
Republicans threw that plan out the
window and Republican Senator Lindsey
Graham
claimed back his time that he had
supposedly already given to the
professional prosecutor and he gave a
big yelling speech about how this was a
disaster a terrible disaster in
Republican senators must vote for Brett
Kavanaugh you've got nothing to
apologize for
when you see Sotomayor and Kagan tell
them that Lindsay said all because I
voted for them I would never do to them
what you've done to this guy this is the
most unethical
sham since I've been in politics to my
Republican colleagues if you vote no
you're legitimizing the most despicable
thing I have seen in my time in politics
you want this seat I hope you never get
it I hope you're on the Supreme Court
that's exactly where you should be so
they break format completely Senate
Republican senators have not spoken all
day long they're having this
professional prosecutor doing instead
but senator Graham claims time he's
already given up his time he's granted
time from somewhere and Senator Graham
has them changed what they're doing and
after that from Senator Graham this
female prosecutor was hired by the
Republican side to do all of their
questioning of both witnesses today she
never spoke again so they used the
prosecutor today to ask all of their
questions of the alleged victim in this
sexual assault case but they gave up
after a couple of minutes with the
alleged perpetrator of the sexual
assault and then spent the rest of they
telling him he had nothing to apologize
for
they then shut up the female prosecutor
for the whole rest of the day all the
Republican male senators all went on one
after the other to spend the rest of the
hearing making speeches on his behalf
until the hearing ending so that was the
point that was the moment at which the
Republicans the Republicans seemed to
think that things were going so badly
for this nomination they needed to pull
the fire alarm they needed to do
something and they did and so the whole
rest of the earring was angry war cry
speeches from male Republican senators
interspersed with short stints of
Democrats asking Judge Cavanaugh
questions and him not answering and I am
sure Republicans liked the feeling of
how it ended much more than the way it
began but they head home tonight or
we're told they head into a big
Republican senators meeting tonight with
some new big problems when it comes to
this nominee number one there is a brand
new temperament issue with judge
Kavanagh that had not previously been an
issue for him him yelling about how this
is all revenge on behalf of the Clintons
right that was that was him letting the
mask slip a little bit about the
kind of partisan warrior he was for his
whole adult career before getting onto
the bench it's part of why it took them
years to confirm him to the bench in the
first place more than ten years ago it's
why his initial nomination from the
George W Bush administration was so
controversial that element of his resume
and his temperament and his partisan
nature that has largely been absent from
this debate over his Supreme Court
nomination before now but now that issue
will very much be live and it will be
controversial for him for as long as
he's a judge even if he only goes back
to his old judgeship and he does not
ascend to the Supreme Court they will
also be newly contending with
credibility issues for judge Cavanaugh
and not just on the issues that
Democrats had raised during the other
parts of his confirmation hearing where
they said he was misleading on
substantive matters of law and his
record newly because of today they're
gonna be dealing with credibility issues
around judge Cavanaugh in the way that
tends to most easily stick in the
public's mind which is when you're not
credible on stuff that's small when you
say things that are plainly not true
just to make yourself look better or to
get out of a jam or to not have to
answer a hard question not necessarily
on the big stuff but on the small stuff
the small obvious disprovable stuff
judge Cavanaugh today told senator
Sheldon Whitehouse that yes when he
wrote as a teenager about being the
president of the beach week Ralph's Club
yes that was a reference to throwing up
but then he apparently thought better of
it and said the throwing up in question
here the reason he would be barfing at
beach week the wealth club in question
was probably about his his weak stomach
because he can't take spicy food and who
cares right unless that's violently at
odds with the obvious small truth here
and with common sense judge Cavanaugh
also explaining today in his opening
statement that when he had a bunch of
his football buddies all listed
themselves throughout their high school
yearbook as quote alumni of a girl from
a nearby school a girl who they said if
you were late
don't hesitate call her to get a date
they're all calling themselves alumni of
her name he said today that was a sign
of admiration for her their collective
admiration for her and how much they
considered her to be in his words one of
us whether or not his attitude toward
women and girls at that time in his life
is going to be seen as relevant to the
sexual assault allegation from that time
that he's now facing what's more
immediately wrong with that today as
he's trying to get on to the Supreme
Court is that that is just an obvious
small self-serving lie that's the kind
of cowardly lie about an obviously true
thing that makes you seem not credible
on anything sign of admiration showing
her that she was one of it for what it's
worth the woman in question who was the
subject of this sneering alumni thing
from Cavan honest friends she didn't
take it as a sign of admiration or a
sign that all those football players
thought that she was one of them she
said this week quote the insinuation is
horrible hurtful and simply untrue I
pray their daughters are never treated
this way all right so there's
temperament problems there's small scale
credibility problems which are sometimes
the worst ones
there's the kinds that that tend to
stick right once people think you're
super comfortable lying about even the
small stuff but then there's the big
factual problems that were raised today
around this sexual assault allegation
one was the clarification today in dr.
Christine Blasi Ford's testimony about
when this allegation was made
specifically when she tried to raise the
alarm about Brett Kavanaugh on what she
says with her was her experience with
him she says she tried to raise the
alarm
in fact she showed today she confirmed
the timeline today that she tried to
raise the alarm about this incident
before he was named to the Supreme Court
the spark for her to act the spark for
her to notify her member of Congress
about what happened between her and
Brett Kavanaugh to try to notify the
press even though she wanted her name
left out of it in both instances the
catalyst for her giving this story to
Congress to try to let the country know
this happened about Brett Kavanaugh the
catalyst was him being named as part of
the shortlist
of presidential contenders for the
United States Supreme Court this changed
in early July 2018
I saw Press report stating that Brett
Kavanaugh was on the short list of a
list of very well qualified Supreme
Court nominees I thought it was my civic
duty to relay the information I had
about mr. Kavanagh his conduct so that
those considering his nomination would
know about this assault on July 6 I had
a sense of urgency to relay the
information to the Senate and the
president as soon as possible before a
nominee was selected I did not know how
specifically to do this I called my
congressional representative and let her
receptionist know that someone on the
president's shortlist had attacked me I
also sent a message to the encrypted
Washington Post confidential tip line I
did not use my name but I provided the
names of Brett Kavanaugh and Mark judge
I stated that mr. Kavanaugh had
assaulted me in the 1980s in Maryland if
you were watching this in real-time
today that may have just seemed like
kind of laying this out what the order
here was right super-important this
clarification of the timeline and it was
actually born out by evidence that was
put forth today in the hearing including
by this prosecutor who the Republicans
hired this isn't just a detail here this
isn't just like getting the facts down
so we can all talk about this this is
actually totally critical because
Cavanaugh's defense and Republican
senators defense of Kavanaugh today this
angry chest-pounding defense they put on
today is that he and all the Republican
senators decided to go with was about
the timing of the allegation this whole
two-week effort has been a calculated
and orchestrated political hit fueled
with a parent pent up anger about
President Trump and the 2016 election no
no actually and not just as a point of
argument but as a point of fact we now
know attested to by both sides that
Christine Blasi Ford came forward about
Brett Kavanaugh when she found out that
Brett Kavanaugh was on the shortlist for
the call she made her calls she started
trying to alert the Congress about this
alleged assault by Brent Cavanaugh
before he was picked for the Supreme
Court she was trying to get them to not
pick him for the Supreme Court if she
had been motivated just to stop a Trump
Supreme Court nomination if this was
something that she was doing cuz she was
she was fueled by pent up anger about
President Trump in the 2016 election if
she was just trying to stop a trump
Supreme Court nomination and she was
willing to make up a false allegation
about the Trump nominee in order to do
that she would have had to wait until a
nominee was picked before she came
forward with her story about that
nominee she proved today with evidence
cited by the Republicans hired
prosecutor that she emphatically did not
wait to find out who the nominee was for
the Supreme Court seat she jumped in and
tried to raise the alarm about Kavanaugh
because she had had this experience
specifically with Kavanaugh and she
wanted to raise the alarm just in case
he might seriously be under
consideration that is a big factual
problem for the defense that was raised
for Cavanaugh today right they said this
was a made-up story they would have used
against any nominee no she came forward
about Brett Kavanaugh before he was the
nominee had the president picked
somebody else off the shortlist it's not
like her allegation would have morphed
to suddenly become about somebody else
her allegation was about Brett Kavanaugh
under the prospect that he might be
named that is a problem for the
Kavanaugh defense that this is all some
hit job designed to take out whoever was
gonna be Trump's nominee that's a
problem
factual factual problem as is the other
one I'm going to tell you about next
we'll be right back
hey there are misses from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
