happened today and we're Cavanaugh's
nomination stands I'm joined by
Democratic senator Kirsten Gillibrand of
New York senator reaction to what you
saw today well I thought dr. Blasi
Ford's testimony was incredible I
thought she was so heartfelt she spoke
her truth so passionately with such
candor with such emotion I I was really
inspired by what she did today I thought
the second half though was so
discouraging
I thought the way Judge Cavanaugh
started with partisan attacks it really
made me question his fitness for this
office for the fact that he does not
have the temperament or the character or
the honesty or integrity to be a Supreme
Court justice
I was really disturbed by the second
half of the hearing and disturbed by my
Republican colleagues and how they acted
and what they said that opening by Judge
Cavanaugh have you ever seen a nominee
for judicial position particularly
Supreme Court nominee speak in that kind
of way using language like working
talking about a kind of Clinton
conspiracy etc I've never heard about it
and I never I could never even have
imagined it and it really makes me
question his absolute unfitness for this
nomination I just I cannot understand
how he could turn something so important
as this hearing into a into finding out
the facts of a credible accusation of
sexual assault into some kind of
political hit and the way he talked he
was so arrogant and how he spoke to
senators and dismissive I was I was
really offended by how he behaved at the
hearing there was a strange format in
which a woman had been brought in the
prosecutor was brought in to
cross-examine essentially that the woman
who dr. Ford who was making this
allegation she started to ask sort of
similarly kind of pointed procedural and
prosecutorial questions of Judge
Kavanaugh and then was stopped and then
the Republicans took the gavel back and
ask the questions arrests away what did
you think about that well I thought her
role in the first place was highly
concerning the fact that they asked a
prosecutor
to ask questions of dr. Blasi Ford as if
she's on trial she's gone trial she was
bringing forth credible allegations that
this committee needed to assess and then
look at judge Cavanaugh and assess his
credibility and then the fact that she
starts to question judge Cavanaugh and
then is cut off by the Republican
senators and dismissed I mean it really
wasn't fair and it just goes to the
heart that this hearing was never set up
to be fair it was never set up to get to
the bottom of the fact that again
judge Cavanaugh could not answer the
question five Democratic senators asked
him will you ask for an FBI
investigation and he could not say yes
not once he continued to obfuscate to
pivot to different issues to filibuster
and talk about things that was not being
asked about I just thought his behavior
and and the content of his testimony was
absolutely inappropriate do you think he
was lying yes I think he lied several
times the fact that he kept saying oh
yeah I love beer I love beer
I mean honestly and then couldn't
possibly say no there was no evening
when I drank so much I didn't remember
even though he made jokes about it when
he took his road trip with his buddies
to watch the baseball game I mean it's
really shocking to me that he could be
so direct and not telling the truth
about his drinking and how it affected
him do you think he was lying about the
core substance of the allegation dr.
Bazzi Ford said he assaults her he said
he's innocent you think he remembers
that night and is lying about it I
believe dr. Blasi Ford and I believed
her testimony I think she spoke
from the heart as someone who is
reliving the worst moment of her life
you could see it on her face this was
something that was traumatic deeply
troubling for her for her whole life she
told the truth and that was very clear
and I don't see how possibly what he
said could possibly be truthful given
what she said so I think he was telling
the truth and I don't believe him you
know we're at a moment obviously in the
country the sort of profound reckoning
and awakening around questions of
patriarchy sexism gender inequities what
was today what was the the spectacle
today that all of those men on the
Republican side of that that dais Brett
Kavanaugh dr. Blasi Ford what message
did it send well in some ways it was a
tragic day for America because to have
those Republican senators disregard dr.
Blasi Ford's testimony to have them
speak as if she didn't just tell them
what happened so honesty so honestly and
so forth rightly and then to try to turn
this hearing into a spectacle and accuse
Democrats of being partisan and that
this is some conspiracy I mean it was
shocking to me and I think for a lot of
women in this country particularly for
survivors it was a really low moment I
think a lot of women are suffering and
feel that this country does not have
their back that in fact these Republican
senators are disregarding them
disregarding their truth disregarding
their value and their voices by how they
behaved about how they treated judge
Kavanagh and and as if he is the victim
here he is not the victim here he is
someone was hoping to be able to serve
on the Supreme Court in a lifetime
appointment
he is being given an extraordinary
opportunity and he showed so little
humility and still a little gratitude
for the opportunity he's been given and
he turned this entire hearing into a sad
story about himself that he's somehow
the victim here that's not the case and
I just want to say that to dr. posny
Ford her courage I mean she's the hero
and she's the one who spoke truth to
power in a powerful way and in a
truthful way that I think inspired
people across this country
the tough day yeah I think that's that's
in arguable senator kirsten gillibrand
thank you for joining thank you hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
