over the course of nine hours dr.
Christine Blasi Ford and judge Brett
Kavanaugh provided real human drama with
one person delivering the indictment and
the other defending his lifelong
reputation which he said has already
been destroyed for the first time dr.
Ford spoke publicly about her accusation
of sexual assault against Cavanaugh
I am here today not because I want to be
I'm terrified I am here because I
believe it is my civic duty to tell you
what happened to me while Brett
Cavanaugh and I were in high school
well dr. Ford detailed her private pain
in front of a massive public audience I
don't have all the answers and I don't
remember as much as I would like to but
the details that about that night that
bring me here today are the ones I will
never forget they have been seared into
my memory and have haunted me
episodically as an adult when roughly
four hours of testimony she shared in
searing detail which the alleges
happened one evening back in 1982 what
is the strongest member you have
strongest memory of the incident
something you cannot forget take
whatever time you need indelible in the
hippocampus is the laughter the laughte
the uproarious laughter between the two
and they're having fun at my expense
well after a short recess it was Judge
bread Cavanaugh has turned to share his
account he launched into an impassioned
offense directing his rage towards
Democrats and displaying sadness at the
overall process I was not at the party
described by dr. Ford this confirmation
process has become a national disgrace
the Constitution gives the Senate an
important role in the confirmation
process but you have replaced advice and
consent with search-and-destroy I intend
no ill will
to dr. Ford and her family the other
night Ashley and my daughter Liza said
their prayers and little Liza all 10
years old said to Ashley we should pray
for the woman it's a lot of wisdom from
a 10 year old we mean we mean no ill
will well he quickly dissolved into a
devolved into an explosive partisan
battle with Senator Lindsey Graham of
South Carolina going after his
Democratic colleagues personally what
you want to do is destroy this guy's
life hold this seat open and hope you
win in 2020 you've said that not me I
would never do to them what you've done
to this guy this is the most unethical
sham since I've been in politics and if
you really wanted to know the truth you
sure as hell wouldn't have done what
you've done to this guy are you a gang
rapist
no to my Republican colleagues if you
vote no you're legitimizing the most
despicable thing I have seen in my time
in politics I hope you're on the Supreme
Court that's exactly where you should be
and I hope that the American people will
see through this charade well when
they're hearing today concluded the
president Trump tweeted judge Cavanaugh
showed America exactly why I nominated
him his testimony was powerful honest
and riveting Democrats
search-and-destroy strategy is
disgraceful and this process has been a
total sham an effort to delay obstruct
and resist the Senate must vote when NBC
News reports that all Senate Republicans
are going to meet tonight in a
conference later tonight sometime
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
