if someone was on a plane during the
president's news conference today and
you had the task of in 60 seconds
updating them on his appearance the
demeanor the content of his comments how
would you sum it all up it was a
gargantuan 81 minute event yeah it was
sort of the kind of news conferences he
gave frequently during the campaign or
more frequently it was rambling it was
wide-ranging it felt very free-flowing
he I think in terms of the hearing the
most salient point to me was that he
said that his thoughts on this were
influenced by his personal experience he
feels that he was falsely accused
several times of sexual harassment of
sexual misconduct and so when he looks
at what's happening to judge Kavanagh
he's thinking about what happened to him
but as Bob pointed out he also really
left open the door to putting somebody
else in if he's not happy with what he
sees tomorrow night which is not what
Republicans on the hill really wanted to
hear and there is a real question of
timing the reason Republicans part of
the reason they've wanted to really push
this nomination through is be Astaire's
a real question of whether they could
get someone else through the entire
process before a new Congress could come
in and the concern there of course is
that Republicans will lose control of
the Senate which seems like more of a
possibility than it did a few months ago
so they don't want to give up this dream
that they've been working for for really
decades of getting a conservative
Supreme Court so that's why that's part
of that's a major reason why you see
them sticking with judge Kavanaugh for
as long as they have through this entire
you know turbulent week and a half
period that we've just been witnessing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
