with less than 24 hours now before the
public hears from both dr. Christine
Blasi Ford and judge bread Cavanaugh in
Capitol Hill president Trump spent more
than an hour tonight responding to
reporters question including the
allegations against his Supreme Court
nominee let's bring in tonight's
roundtable Kimberly I conceive
Washington reporter for the Boston
Herald here near a tenant presidency of
Center for American Progress and max lab
chairman of the American Conservative
you know I just want to start up with
what looked like the outlook before
tonight which was a five act play
basically planned by the Republicans
fairly so the president has a right to
call the planning they had a press
conference tonight two testimonies
tomorrow by the accuser and the
defendant a vote by the Committee on
Friday than a vote by the full Senate
early next week
how's that v Act play look like right
now well it's it's up in the air because
the flip keep the script keeps being
flipped every few hours it seems with
you where there are new allegations from
new accusers people the president coming
in and sort of trying to take over the
messaging in this in his press
conference while you have other members
of the Senate that are trying to proceed
more cautiously before this hearing now
you have what we're up to four accusers
and only one is testifying tomorrow
it's just thrown one you know one
unexpected when unexpected update to
another into all of this and but still
as of right now it appears that
Republicans want to move forward and
press forward with this vote I don't
know if they're afraid of running out of
time I don't know if at this point the
calculation is better to have Brett
Kavanaugh go for a vote and get voted
down so that they can move on to the
next person I don't know yet but it
seems at this point in any other
universe this nominee would have been
pulled by now until two weeks ago
right this guy was mr. Rogers your
neighbor perfect guy never did anything
wrong never really didn't drink much
even was that cat at school nice
guy never caused any trouble with women
and all that seems to be coming he's
become a pinata right it gets every Cup
whereas we get in a new one how's this
look for the president I think he opened
the door a couple times today in his
press conference he said I'm looking at
this I'm gonna reconsider it I'm gonna I
could be persuaded what's he talking
about I think he it's what he should do
he ought to look at tomorrow tomorrow's
a big day for his presidency it's a big
day obviously for the court and it's a
big day for the country and the American
people are gonna look at these two
people talk and they're gonna make
judgments and you know it's it
it's a critical time I'm glad the
president said he's going to look at
that if he had said anything different I
think most people would have criticized
him for that so I think as a performance
today was right and look I know Brett
well I know some people having some fun
with all this he's a very dear friend of
mine and if he is innocent of these
charges this is one of the worst things
I've ever seen in politics it's what's
really hardball but what I want to ask
you why do you think there's a theme
here everybody says he's good and in the
office there's never been a harassment
issue and every news does power but this
dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde aspect that is
coming you throw in all these
accusations they don't deny he's good in
public they deny kind of a problem after
some drinks can I ask this question I
understand that but let me just ask you
this question you said a five act play
that goes in sequence you have to
understand for those of us who don't
know and and and love Brett Kavanaugh
what is going on where none of this
could go in the normal process of this
is a lengthy Supreme Court confirmation
process it's all one after the other
perfectly timed that is strange
and that score that's outrageous first
of all the this coordination oh I'm
sorry do you have evidence that these
women know each other or you just do
that are you just calling these women
lawyers because they like to know all
I'm saying is they might be being used
by the devil but nobody is using these
women and the idea that you deny dr.
Ford agency and all these women is
another what you did because yours is
being used by our lawyers I'll say one
thing about this which is we could have
a normal process everybody knows we had
and in that irony of the situation we're
in is that Anita Hill actually had a
much more normal process in this which
is when allegations came forward the FBI
investigated and they had witness after
witness after witness and there's really
two questions that we have the American
people have that have never been
answered which is why can we not have an
FBI investigation of these allegations
every single woman has asked for an FBI
investigation dr. Ramirez today asked
for an FBI investigation and Marc Marc
judges former girlfriend is confirm
terming the story rape he's the son
Chopin also why isn't Merck judge
testifying Cameron I want to ask you
this from now suppose tomorrow's a draw
in terms of dramatics and credibility
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
