breaking news right now new allegations
against Brett Kavanaugh lawyer Michael
avenatti has now announced the identity
of a third accuser against the Supreme
Court nominee this woman's name is Julie
sweat NIC Julie sweat NIC is a vanadis
client avenatti has been teasing this
out for days now the announcement of
course coming on the eve of a hearing
that will feature testimony from the
first woman to accuse Kavanagh of sexual
assault Kavanagh for his part the judge
has denied the allegations of sexual
assault or misconduct against him but
has not addressed this specific claim as
of yet we should note here NBC News has
not had the chance to vet this woman's
allegations we have not spoken to this
woman we do not have access to her we
have very limited information about her
background we are we have solicited both
Cavanaugh's representatives and the
white house for comment but right now we
are waiting for a reply guinness is a
fast-moving story our kate snow has been
following it here for the past 30 or 45
minutes so what more do we know kay just
as you said just developing just coming
in and really all we have right now is a
statement on twitter from michael
avenatti the attorney for this woman
Julie sweat Nick with her written
declaration attached to that tweet and
as Craig said we have not been able to
verify these allegations in any way but
I can fill you in Craig on what she says
essentially she says this is her
allegation that Brett Kavanaugh drank
excessively on many occasions at many
parties she says she grew up in that
area she says that she went to high
school in the area at a public high
school near where Cavanaugh went to
school at a private boys school again
we've not verified that information and
she had the most dramatic allegation in
a set of allegations here is that she
witnessed Brett Kavanaugh and others
these are her words too cause girls to
become inebriated and disoriented so
that they could then be gang-raped in a
side room or a bedroom by a train of
numerous boys at parties where there was
heavy drinking going on
in 1982 approximately she says I became
the victim of one of these gang or train
rapes where mark judge which is a friend
of Brett Kavanaugh and Brett Kavanaugh
were present shortly after the incident
I shared what had transpired with at
least two other people during the
incident I was incapacitated without my
consent and unable to fight off the boys
raping me I believe I was drugged
using quaaludes or something similar
placed in what I was drinking again I'm
reading from what is said to be a
written declaration from a woman named
Julie sweat neck again NBC News has not
yet been able to verify this woman you
know who she is what she says about her
history we've not been able to verify
the details yet I'm reading from an
attachment to Twitter you know tweet
from her attorney who we are we have
been reaching a clue and are speaking
with I should also note Craig this has
been teased for days now if you follow
Michael avenatti on Twitter which I do
you've seen for days now he's been
saying I have something I have something
I want to talk to the Judiciary
Committee also in the tweet he includes
a couple of correspond a bit of
correspondence with the committee where
he seems to want attention to these
details and then I we don't know why
he's really stood on Twitter we don't
know why he's waited till the 11th hour
obviously tomorrow is the scheduled day
for the hearing hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
