it's a lot to take in this morning
disgrace actor and comedian Bill Cosby
is waking up in jail a day after being
sentenced to 3 to 10 years in a
Pennsylvania prison months after he was
convicted of drugging and sexually
assaulting andrea constand back in 2004
the 81 year old led away in handcuffs
after a judge ruled he is a sexually
violent predator Kristen Gibbons fed up
with the prosecutor in the case she
joins me now Kristen you were the one
who went to andrea constand three years
ago has justice been served did you
think this day would happen when you
started working on all of this that's
actually given what a superstar an icon
Bill Cosby was it's interesting that you
asked that question when we decided to
charge Bill Cosby and when I spoke with
Andrea and met her and saw how steadfast
she was how brave how courageous she was
I knew that regardless of the result
justice would be served her message
would be set forth her story would be
told and she would be able to confront
Bill Cosby as a sexually pret as a
sexual predator that he was when he
sexually assaulted and drugged her that
night
did the me2 movement have an impact on
this trial well during the voir dire
process all of the jurors were asked if
they could remain fair and impartial and
put anything that they may have heard
about the me2 movement to the side and I
do believe that they were able to do
that but in terms of the support and the
advocacy that she that she received
Andreea constant received in the
public's eye I think it had definitely a
significant impact in that regard and do
you think it's going to have an impact
on women speaking out moving forward I
say this because I know it's a
completely different situation but here
we are with with a Supreme Court justice
nominee Brett Kavanaugh he has accusers
and our own president is repeating these
narratives of I don't know where people
drunk it was a long time ago where were
her loving parents which is the opposite
of what me2 is trying to do absolutely I
think the me2 movement is
dynamic and even though there are going
to be some people who are going to
continue to assassinate the character of
these sexually these sexual assault
victims more than some people some of
the most powerful people in the world
absolutely and that's going to remain
but you know what now
these survivors have a community and
they have support and with the
conviction of Bill Cosby they now know
that justice can be served that justice
can prevail and again I know there are
very different situations but tomorrow
when Brett Kavanaugh is accused or dr.
Christine Blasi Ford is going to be
questioned they're now bringing in a sex
crime specialist a woman who has decades
of experience what's your opinion on
that you know I'm as accomplished as a
prosecutor can be as much experience as
they have there's nothing to be said
about the constraints that time when you
want to really go through and do a
thorough investigation to determine the
facts to determine the truth of what
happened you need time you need time and
if you are constrained and you're not
able to live up to your accomplishments
and actually do the job that you're out
to sea then it doesn't matter how much
accomplishment you have behind your belt
then is due process taking place here
seeing that it is just Christine Ford
and it is just Brett Kavanaugh
we're not subpoenaing mark judge there
is no FBI investigation can she actually
do her job here you know due process is
the opportunity to be heard and I admire
dr. Ford given this constrained process
coming forward under these constraints
being scrutinized in the public eye and
also in in the in the bid for the
judiciary committee excuse me can do
process occur under these settings it's
gonna remain to be seen but what I hope
is that the prosecutor has the ability
to kind of go through all of the facts
and be able to go through a thorough
investigation which I don't believe
she's going to be able to with this time
frame hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
