we have two new NBC Maris poles from two
critical swing states to talk about the
poll of Ohio likely voters out this
morning has Democrat Richard Cordray and
Republican state Attorney General Mike
DeWine tied at 47 percent each in the
race for governor
while Democratic senator sherrod Brown
has pulled away with a 13-point lead
against congressman jim renee see 52
percent to 39 percent in that States
Senate race in the Florida Senate race
Democratic Senator Bill Nelson has a
three-point advantage against his
Republican challenger Governor Rick
Scott a statistical tie a poll conducted
even more recently from Quinnipiac found
Nelson jumping ahead to a seven point
lead with likely voters 53% to 46% and
in the race for Florida's governor
Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gilliam leads
Republican Ron decentest by five points
48 to 43 percent in the NBC Marist Poll
joining us now columnist at the
Washington Examiner Kristin Soltis
Anderson and here on 7 BC news
correspondent Jacob Soboroff Jacob we'll
start with you you just got back from
Texas where you spoke with voters there
in one of the state's key toss-up
district would you find out it is never
what you think this I was down there
last week when the cabinet you know
allegations were just exploding and the
rush investigation twists and turns
every single day and when you go down
there and you ask them you know what do
you guys care about it'll always blow
your mind what justice
there's a cucumber it's covered in chili
it's delicious this is a flea market on
the south side of San Antonio and we
came here with Gina Ortiz Jones is
running for Congress to find out what
matters the people here this is a part
of community that has traditionally been
underserved underrepresented what do
people want around here yeah well look
look it's everything
clothing backpacks look at these foods I
know these are nice
my wife has made by my son boots oh
these are awesome hey how's gone what
matters most to you other than child
size cowboy boots my community yeah what
do you normally go on vote in elections
when anyone so not always yeah not
always not always that's a thing right I
heard not not very many people vote well
it's just business and kids you know it
gets pretty hectic so we'll all be the
thing that get you fired up enough to go
vote to help me especially for the
people who in the lower income bracket
we say our people and that's this
district is largely Latino everyone here
talks about community it's about
community it's about how we take care of
one another how we look after one
another and how we invest in the future
we are on our way from one of the most
populated parts of this district that
little corner of it by San Antonio where
70% of the voters live to one of the
most remote parts Crystal City and
that's where we're gonna meet the
district's congressman his name is will
heard how are you and I see the 23rd
district of Texas is larger than 26
States roughly the size of the state of
Georgia he's doing 38 stops 32 different
town halls 14 of which are Dairy Queens
do you have a preferred Dairy Queen
order buy it buy it when I win on my own
and said it's a medium dip cone to be
done but I'm a purist
come join us you gotta come come on yeah
what's your question we're one of the
highest unemployment rates in the county
in the country I think you know that my
concern is the streets there's a lot of
every potholes major problem is for
education for our kids why did nobody
has the first issue bring up what's
going on with the Supreme Court this
week or nobody brought up Russia I think
that the issues that are being brought
up are not only important issues but
they affect us immediately here these
are the things that we know are gonna
make a difference tomorrow what most
elected officials and what the media
that try the coverage are not the same
conversations you have down here
the other thing nobody brought up with
will heard was the southwest border and
his district has 1/3 of it so we headed
down there to Eagle Pass to see if we
could figure out why we're on the Mexico
side of the border wall but still in the
u.s. is no-man's land
we just met Frank works construction but
as time off and he's out you're playing
golf down on the border and that's
Mexico right there that's the Rio Grande
just on the other side if you can hit
the ball far enough it goes into Mexico
let er rip Frank not quite to Mexico but
not bad so what are some big challenges
of being a small business guy so you
guys need a strong economy in order for
your business to be doing well to be
thriving yeah exactly this is the Rio
Grande right here yeah that's a real
grand right there and so Frank when
you're out here golfing are you thinking
about you know all the politics people
talk about with the border no what do
you think about let's go to work and
then what time is tea time go go first
of all Jake he was smart to lay up and
then you take out trees you know take
out the 9-iron then you put it into
Mexico I think that was why the Rio
Grande is the drink exactly it's so
instructed though and you hear that
district to district Claire McCaskill
talks about this in Missouri that
concern there about Obamacare what's
gonna happen these are the issues on
people's minds not always the things you
hear about in the news every night and
you know it's not that they don't care
about the Supreme Court or the Russia
allegations or even what's going on with
the border you know that that's
something that didn't even come up if
they don't bring that up first they
bring up the pocketbook they bring up
potholes you know things that your
congressperson can't necessarily
influence that really won't even be the
main issue down there in Texas between
hurt and artesia Joneses turnout turnout
is so miserable in Texas I think they
get the third worst turnout in the
country you're gonna need to figure out
how to get people out of either one of
those challengers like bata gonna win so
Kristen Soltis Anderson obviously this
is a district by district state by state
question but what do you think is
motivating people this fall to get out
to the polls particular on the
Democratic side I think on the
Democratic side there's a desire to get
out and send a message about President
Trump and on the Republican side I think
a lot of voters are also motivated to
show
support for President Trump you know
this is a question that pollsters have
asked voters going back midterm after
midterm after midterm is your vote more
about the issues or is it more about the
president support or oppose and this
election we're seeing record highs on
both sides saying their vote will be
about the president four Democrats
oppose four Republicans obviously
support but I would love to take this
that package that Jacob did and just
show it to as many other folks as I can
because I think it really underscores a
point that has frustrated me the last
couple of months is this idea that every
little thing that happens in the news
cycle well is this the thing that's
gonna cost Republicans the house or is
this the thing that's gonna really swing
these races and I think it's it's much
more sort of slow burning and it's about
these pocketbook issues which is why
someone like will Hurd who has at times
distanced himself from the president
made himself an independent voice is
able to be polling so well in a district
that Hillary Clinton did so well in even
in an environment that's bad for
Republicans there's still a chance for
members who do the right thing and have
their own voice to be able to overcome a
political environment Kristin you hit
the nail on the head the thing is you
guys in the economy the president
continues to trumpet how well the
economy is doing but when you go down to
places like this people don't have jobs
people are looking for jobs people are
leaving places like Eagle Pass to go try
to work in the Eagle Ford Shale in the
oil business or going to Wisconsin or
going to wherever I mean I met all kinds
of people where they're there it's an
older generation of folks there and
their kids are leaving town because
they're not able to get work out there
so for the President to go down and say
hey the economy even is doing great kind
of goes right over the these folks heads
so this perception we were doing our own
pulling on this there's this perception
that while the economy is good the
benefits have been really tilted towards
the top that's right 1%
the tax cut package especially was
supposed to be this great legislative
savior for the Republican Party heading
into the midterms and what we've
witnessed now is from an advertising
standpoint Republicans don't mention it
they just do not mention and from a
polling standpoint it's fairly clear
that the public has concluded that the
package was done to benefit the wealthy
and I think that is a political killer
for this president
heading into midterms because he he can
point to a good economy he can point to
good economic news but people are
perceiving it as something that's
benefited Wall Street as opposed to Main
Street so Kristen let's look at Florida
and tell us what these numbers say to
you and and whether this Andrew get
mayor Andrew Gilliam has enough momentum
to help other parallel races happening
well being up five is better than it
being even but certainly you know what
you've got with this race is a candidate
who's still introducing himself to the
state of Florida
you've got Ron DeSantis who is also
still introducing himself although he
had sort of had more of a prominent
profile as a very big sort of Trump
supporter and now has seen this break
with President Trump he came out
criticized President Trump's comments on
Hurricane Maria because there's a large
puerto rican population in the state so
you know president trump sort of
distancing himself from that so if you
wind up being the trump guy who
nonetheless doesn't actually have Trump
support anymore that's a really tough
place to be you sort of it's a lose-lose
proposition meanwhile rick scott is
generally well-liked as governor of
florida bill nelson had sort of been
asleep and not really campaigning that
much you can see that he is clearly
begun to kind of turn this campaign
machine on but it's remarkable to me
that a senator who was just reasonably
well liked as bill nelson in this kind
of political environment is facing such
a strong threat from from rick scott
elise jordan florida as always is
fascinating well in this year
particularly given the parklands
students and their organization and how
that is just ground zero for the
Parkland students who really got behind
Andrew Gilliam and you look at out Ronda
Santas has really struggled in this
general election to recover from his
gaffes and from his absolutist stance on
Donald Trump and I wonder if we are
going to see turnout that we haven't
seen before and some of these unlikely
voters who don't turnout of voter apathy
that's what the progressive left is
really bad you know Jacob how often when
you're done in Texas eating Dairy Queen
and hitting your key shot it's a
chocolate dip because
Darry cool now that is a great reporting
trip but what do you talk to those
voters how often did you hear Donald
Trump's name almost never and if it does
come up they kind of say you know what I
don't feel like I can control at this
point what's going on in Washington
ironically if the reason they voted for
him in the first place now that he's in
there now that there's a mess at the
Supreme Court or in the Russia
investigation they sort of say I don't
know you know what's gonna happen is
gonna happen I gotta figure out what to
do tomorrow Jacob Soboroff thank you
very much thanks Jacob
we also want to update you on big news
late yesterday Bill Cosby sentenced to 3
to 10 years in state prison for sexual
assault the 81 year old was led out of
the courtroom in handcuffs after being
denied bail less than an hour after his
sentencing where the judge ruled him a
sexually violent predator under that
distinction Cosby will have to undergo
monthly counseling for the rest of his
life and register as a sex offender upon
his release Cosby was also fined $25,000
and will be required to cover the costs
of prosecution which amounts to at least
forty three thousand dollars thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
