day six for two of the Trump
administration and the president appears
to be gearing up for another meeting
with Putin of Russia just days after the
midterm elections are concluded in this
country and of course it was just days
ago when the feds identified the latest
Russian accused of meddling in our
elections in fact our upcoming midterm
elections today Trump's national
security adviser john bolton met with
Vladimir Putin in Moscow the focus was
Trump's decision to pull out of a three
decade old nuclear arms control treaty
but the idea of another face-to-face
sit-down was apparently not far from
Putin's mind President Putin said in the
opening of the meeting today when press
was there that his words now would be
useful to continue a direct dialogue
with the President of the United States
I said yes in fact that President Trump
would be would look forward to meeting
with him in Paris so we will make the
precise arrangements on that but it will
happen in connection with the 100th
anniversary and the celebrations the
Armistice that the French were hosting
on November the alone not long after
those comments Trump was asked about
this proposed meeting mr. president are
you gonna meet with Vladimir Putin in
Paris and a couple we may as being
discussed right now Mike Bolton as you
know is in Russia they're talking about
various things including the whole
nuclear situation it hasn't been set up
yet but it probably will be president
said Mike Bolton it's John Bolton if
this November meeting takes place it
would be the first face-to-face meeting
since the July summit in Helsinki where
the president took questions about
election meddling with Putin standing
right there next to him still viewed by
so many as a low point in his presidency
just now President Putin denied having
anything to do with the election air
fairness in 2016 every US intelligence
agency has concluded that Russia did who
do you believe President Putin he just
said it's not Russia I will say this I
don't see any reason why it would be
President Putin did you want President
Trump to win the election yes I do the
president did try to clear all that up
when he came home but the damage was
largely done
a day in moscow john bolton said he
talked with Putin about election
interference generally and he was asked
if he thought Russia was trying to
meddle in the upcoming vote just two
weeks away here we're obviously
monitoring potential for foreign
interference in our elections across the
board very closely
FBI director Christopher Rea said about
a month ago that we didn't detect
anything like the level of involvement
in 2016 the fact was that the outcome
would have been exactly the same by all
the evidence we have and if there were
evidence to the contrary we would have
heard it by now
what the meddling did that create was
distrust and animosity within the United
States and particularly made it almost
impossible for two years for the United
States and Russia to make progress
diplomatically Bolton followed that with
the administration's newest line on
foreign efforts to influence our
elections if you want to talk about a
real a massive influence effort on the
American political system
I'd suggest you read vice-president
pence the speech on China's efforts
looking at everything that China was
doing a very very senior US intelligence
official said it makes Russia look like
the junior varsity the vice president's
argument which he made earlier this
month went something like this as a
senior career member of our intelligence
community told me just this week what
the Russians are doing pales in
comparison to what China is doing across
this country on that note let's bring in
our leadoff panel on a Tuesday evening
Julia Yaffe a Russian born American
journalist who has covered Putin for
years these days a correspondent with GQ
Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent with the New York Times
who was formerly Moscow Co bureau chief
for the Washington Post and Clint Watts
who has never worked for GQ or the
Washington Post to our knowledge but is
and happens to be a veteran of the FBI
currently a senior fellow with the
Foreign Policy Research Institute and
also happens to be the author of
messing with the enemy surviving in a
social media world of hackers terrorists
Russians and fake news Peter Baker we'll
begin with you what is the upside what
is the the possible argument to make for
another meeting with Putin days after
our midterm elections yeah it's a great
question because they haven't really
answered that one yeah the president has
not been back overseas since his
Helsinki trip he's not met with foreign
leaders on foreign soil since that trip
there's been no particular outcome from
that meeting that we've seen at least
publicly and there's no build up to the
idea that this meeting is going to be a
breakthrough on any particular issue of
contention between the two it's going to
come right after the midterm election
and so there will be at that point a new
Congress having been elected we don't
know where the Democrats will win the
house or Republicans but there could be
a seismic shift in the electoral
landscape here in the United States and
there could be concerns or issues about
whether Russia had played a role in that
election we've already seen Robert
Moeller
indict one person one Russian just in
the last few days for trying to
intervene in the 2018 midterm elections
not just the ones from two years ago but
these elections going on right now so
that's that timing makes it curious in
its own right and then if there's
there's no sign that there's any
particular movement toward agreement on
something like Syria like arms control
like Ukraine or any other major issues
that have been dividing these two
countries now for several years Clint I
keep asking you some form of this same
question what is going on here just
optically yet another meeting with this
guy of all the guys in the world yeah
and it's also coming up on another
American holiday remember this day would
be Veterans Day and it was going to be
the big DC parade that got canceled so
it's odd that you want to go and do a
follow-up meeting it's also interesting
that Vladimir Putin basically says I
would much rather have direct
communications with the president which
the National Security Advisor Bolton
just said because he gets what he wants
when he's in meetings with President
Trump and what's interesting is we had
the last summit which was a colossal PR
disaster you're
into this now what do we think the
Muller investigation where is that well
everybody seems to think after the
midterms is when things might start to
roll out again you could come into a
circumstance here where the Muller
investigation is literally rolling out
additional indictments findings reports
all related to Russia and collusion
obstruction of justice and just
interference in general at the same time
that the president is meeting with
Vladimir Putin he'll be in the same
position again where he's going to be
meeting with Putin and have to say what
about this election interference that
was in 2016 and after 2016 we just saw
that with the complaint that was filed
last week it's odd timing I don't know
what there is to gain from this meeting
especially in this very studio if we get
any numbers that are hinky are weird
don't look like common sense in that
period after the midterm elections yeah
we have one week there where we're
already seeing calls of voter fraud
voter fraud coming from the Kremlin
strolls by the way which it was shown in
that complaint last week and from the
President of the United States who keeps
throwing this out there there is a
theory that if if the Republicans don't
ascend chily get the outcome that they
want they will claim the election is
invalid or there's voter fraud election
rigging and on the other side we see in
the state of Georgia there's a lot of
contention around voter suppression so
we could have a lot of Tolerance in our
country and during that week after the
midterms and now we're moving in to
negotiations with Putin with unclear
terms not really sure where we're going
on if you look back at Helsinki what we
supposedly gained from that was nuclear
negotiation that we were coming together
now we're pulling out of a treaty the
other thing was we were going to go into
Syria and essentially work through the
problems right now we're there quite a
bit of tensions between the US military
Russian defense contractors Russian
military in terms of what the situation
is in Syria so I don't know what we
gained from the last meeting I don't
know why we'd rush into another one
Julia I so often point out your
birthplace when you come on the
broadcast I hope you don't mind mine is
about two miles from the Garden State
Parkway because it informs some of your
best reporting your knowledge of the
culture and the language and we're going
to ask you to do it again when I show
you this clip of Putin today referencing
Eagles and olives and
want you to figure out just what's going
on here we'll talk about it on the other
side yet mr. another visitor Chantal an
exploit I remember the Coulomb so body s
depicts an eagle semester and engages
tyranids its trio of the rooster on yeah
I leave WH the one-handed holds 13
arrows and a lot that hand
it holds an olive branch with certain
olives said the sign of the benevolent
and peace-loving pose yes yes penny said
you stealin looks like her Eagle has
eaten all the olives and what is arrows
so Julia what's going on in there
troll so hard I think it's interesting
that he first of all time this joke out
exquisitely he's patiently waiting for
the translator to translate each section
of the joke so he's thought about this
joke he's thought in detail about the
crest of the United States
it also shows his kind of salty humor
kind of salt-of-the-earth humor and
because frankly the the move that John
Bolton pulled in Moscow in the last
couple days was it plays right into the
Kremlin's rhetoric that it is America
that is the war monger and it's right
that it's Russia that's the adult in the
room the only diplomat in the room who's
trying to bring peaceful diplomatic
solutions to thorny complex world issues
while America is constantly up ending
the table
this was Russia's rhetoric when it came
to Syria and Syria negotiations this was
as negotiate rhetoric with Iran with
Libya now with the INF treaty which by
the way it was constantly violating
anyway but because of the move that John
Bolton pulled now Russia looks like the
adult in the room that actually wants to
talk details and complexities and
negotiate and keep the parameters of
this treaty in place which by the way it
needs to it's expensive to do all this
stuff and Russia is not flush with cash
right now yeah their GDP is smaller than
that of the state of Texas as I always
try to point out hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from msnb
see thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube
if you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
