I want to read you two things from
social media tonight first first of all
just before we came on the air Donald J
Trump the Democrats are playing a
high-level con game all caps and they're
vicious effort to destroy a fine person
it's called the politics of destruction
behind the scene the Dems are laughing
pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family
and then there's someone you and I both
know Maggie Haberman of the New York
Times Trump is sounding somewhat
fatalistic about Kavanaugh in private
discussions annoyed by the interview and
talking repeatedly about needing to see
how the hearing goes before knowing what
can happen next so Phil as you've been
reporting some cracks in the armor here
yeah certainly Brian I think one thing
going on here is you can't separate the
Supreme Court nomination fight from the
midterm elections that are now just six
weeks away in November the Republicans
face an enthusiasm gap with the
Democrats who you know all polling
evidence shows are much more
enthusiastic about voting and what Trump
and other Republican leaders are doing
right now in these days is to use the
fight over Brett Kavanaugh as a rallying
cry for the conservative base as
something that can unite Republican
voters Trump voters give them a common
enemy in this case the media and the
Democrats who they believe are running a
smear campaign against Brett Kavanaugh
and give them a reason to feel energized
and United that's why I think Trump is
using the phrase or the wording rather
pray for Cavanaugh and his family it's a
call to arms if it were to his base in
terms of Trump's private thinking about
Cavanaugh remember he's never had much
of a personal relationship with Brett
Kavanaugh this was not somebody that he
really knew much before the interview
process to consider him for the Supreme
Court
he doesn't feel much personal loyalty to
Brett Kavanaugh he just wants a good
conservative justice to be confirmed to
win in Trump's words and to get onto the
court and if there comes a time where
it's politically expedient for Trump to
basically dump Cavanaugh to force
Cavanaugh to withdraw
and sub him in with a different nominee
I think the president would be perfectly
fine doing that Cavanaugh's boosters in
the White House are you know counseled
on began
chief among them but Trump himself is
not loyal to Cavanaugh
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
