thing one tonight one of Donald Trump's
go-to lines is how the whole world is
laughing at us all the time the whole
world is laughing at us during the Obama
years he tweeted we need a president who
isn't a laughingstock to the entire
world yet today we have a president at
the United Nations we're almost
literally the entire world was laughing
at us in less than two years my
administration has accomplished more
than almost any administration in the
history of our country
America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
that was laughing at not laughing with
just to be clear the White House
official transcript memorialized the
moment for the record but Trump's got
another go-to strategy which he deployed
after the speech yes the I meant to do
that strategy tried and true and that's
thing to in 60 seconds regular viewers
of thing one thing to know President
Trump is a very effective gaffe
correction strategy when he flub
something the teleprompter now all of us
who read from teleprompters make
mistakes certainly I do
but when Trump messes up rather than
correcting the word I'm moving on he
does this thing where he adds the word
and then corrects making it seem like he
meant to say the first word and that
both words are correct no matter how
incorrect or nonsensical or just plain
weird it might sound let us rethink old
assumptions and open our hearts and
minds to possible and possibilities at
the United Nations big teleprompter
speech and while his delivery has gotten
smoother careful listeners caught a few
new ones as they struggle to reclaim
their religious and righteous destiny
but despite reported and repeated
warnings tolerance for human struggling
and you've been smuggling and
trafficking is not humane he is
definitely getting better but that last
one is a sure thing for our own
hall-of-fame he goes by DJ and CJ he
said call me either one and as instead
given unelected regulators and
regulators we will arrive at a peace and
a place they work two jobs and sometimes
Murray jobs they sacrifice every day
for the furniture
of their children Authority and
authoritarian powers through their lives
and though their lives were cut short
our hope is a word and world of proud
independent nations what standard and
really if you think of it when you talk
about the great sailors and the great
sailors of the world we have them but
what stranded sailor doesn't feel relief
tolerance for human struggling and
you've been smuggling
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
