making news right now the Senate
Judiciary Committee Republicans have
just now formally announced when there
will be a vote on Brett Kavanaugh it is
now scheduled for Friday morning 9:30
a.m. that's one day after this
blockbuster hearing that's been
scheduled for the accuser to testify I
have this right here and it's quite
clear from chairman Grassley saying the
Brett Kavanaugh nomination will be voted
on according to this schedule on Friday
morning that is a big deal because it
would suggest not a lot of time to
process or fact check or follow up on
whatever is learned in the Thursday
hearing let's get right to it senator
Sheldon Whitehouse will be questioning
Cavanaugh and the accuser on Thursday
senator is Friday enough time between
the hearing and a vote on this
nomination of course not but for the
Republicans that's not the issue
what is the issue the issue is try to
get through this as quickly as they can
there kind of between a rock and the
hard place with very powerful big donors
who want a Supreme Court justice who
they think will be reliable for the
Republican big donors and they've got
witnesses who come forward making a lot
of really serious allegations and it
looks like they'd rather roll the
witnesses than roll their donors so get
the pain over as quickly as possible I
think is the solution for them the pain
over quickly was the idea that more time
and more pain could make it even harder
to get to vote through how do you
explain to viewers watching this you're
closer to it than most of us you are
sitting in the room with these other
senators you are making your own
judgments how do you explain a process
that seems to try to pretend or evoke a
notion of fairness that the accuser gets
to testify and then seems to undo it
with announcement like this right now
around 6:20 p.m. on the East Coast that
they're basically going to hold the vote
the next day with no time to process
anything well the basic flaw in the
Republican strategy has been that
they've tried to set up the notion that
if both sides get to say their piece
then that's fairness and that's the end
of the story don't look behind the
curtain and of course what's behind the
curtain is that in any trial in any
administrative proceeding in any
prosecution in any grand jury
investigation when you get a witness who
comes in with a story like these women
have your first obligation to them and
to the process is to do a proper
thorough sincere investigation nobody
takes a witness who claims she was the
victim of sexual assault and just throws
them up on the witness stand without any
sincere or thorough effort to look into
and try to corroborate or explode their
claims
so the original sin of the Republican
strategy was to allow for no
investigation of any of this to shut
down the FBI background investigation
and to do nothing but the most partisan
in sincere and tenuous efforts on the
committee side the non investigation
investigation so that's been the problem
when you look at that it's coupled with
this somewhat unusual decision to have a
mystery question or instead of the
Republican side so you'll be doing
normal questions and they'll be
deferring what's your understanding an
entirety to this questioner yeah talk
about a vote of no confidence in your
own team's ability to get on the field
and ask questions without blowing
themselves up in terms of you know
mistreatment of the witnesses and so
forth if they don't trust their own
eleven white male Republican senators to
ask questions without blowing up and
they've got to bring in a ringer to
cover for them that tells you all you
need to know a ringer as you put it
here's a Republican Senator corkers view
of it take a look I think it's really
smart of them to get outside counsel why
somebody will do something that you guys
will run 24/7 and
and in it vertically somebody will be
something that's insensitive senator
well looks like Bob and I agree well
when you talk about quote-unquote
insensitive it you know he's almost you
know reducing it what we saw from people
by the way very clearly in both parties
men in both parties in the Clarence
Thomas confirmation hearings really it
didn't make the Senate look like a
responsible institution at that time or
didn't and let's take a look what you
brought let me show you that in the head
she responds take a look you testified
this morning in response to Senator
Biden that the most embarrassing
question involved this is not too bad
women's large breasts at client God's
name would you ever speak to a man like
that the rest of your life he never did
ask you to have sex correctly I've got
to determine what your motivation might
be
are you a scorned woman senator if
they're trying to avoid that what will
it look like on Thursday to have one
person do the parties entire questioning
is that what you expect to happen well
probably probably better than that
but we shouldn't overlook the fact that
the two biggest abuses that they have
done to these witnesses have been first
to deny them the basic courtesy of
investigation and second to mount this
smear campaign attack because there is
no universe in which you can both treat
these women as sincere witnesses who
deserve to be listened to and at the
same time say that they're part of an
orchestrated smear campaign it's one or
the other and they're trying to have it
both ways so pitching these witnesses
into the pit of nothing but a smear
campaign nothing but an orchestrated
effort completely deprecates what they
have to say you throw on top of that the
fact that they wouldn't investigate any
of these facts so they can't produce
corroboration for what they have to say
and the whole thing is a setup and
frankly miss Plessy Ford is very
courageous to take the step that she did
to walk into this setup and try to give
it her best shot so and finally finally
I wanted to ask you as a member of the
committee who is assessing this nominee
for the High Court he made a big deal of
emphasizing how nonpartisan he is and
how as a judge he only looks at the law
and he only looks at the facts and he
doesn't look at the red of the blue or
the politics of the ideology do you
think any of that has been undermined by
his very unusual decision to come out
and defend his nomination with a single
appearance on Fox News and no other
public appearance or media
and also very harsh comments about the
witnesses lined up perfectly with the
rhetoric that the Republicans are using
he is now in absolute rhetorical
symmetry with the Republicans which
doesn't exactly look very bipartisan or
neutral but you know what actually worse
than that is the fact that he is
complicit for a guy who says that he's
all about fair process in this very
rigged and set up process he could at
any moment of said look I'm going on to
the Supreme Court I've got a stand for
rule of law and these people who I
disagree with and who I think are wrong
are at least entitled to a modicum of
sincere investigation and I'm simply not
going to go forward and take the oath of
office until we do this right I'm not
going to be run into the Supreme Court
on a wave of
abuse of witnesses and he's been very
happy to have that happen so if I
understand you right you're saying that
his response to this that his approach
to procedure to dealing with claims to
as you as you quoted him to fairness is
itself a cause for concern separate from
adjudicating the underlying allegation
in its veracity correct you've got to
live your values and if your values are
that you respect process and think that
women who claim to have been the victims
of a sexual assault should have their
day and should have an investigation to
support and potentially corroborate
their stories then you got to live that
you can't have it that way out in some
other world but when it comes to your
own hearing you're happy to be a part of
and complicit in such a ramrod effort
hey I'm already melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
