breaking news right now the Senate
Judiciary Committee Republicans have
just now formally announced when there
will be a vote on Brett Kavanaugh it is
now scheduled for Friday morning 9:30
a.m. that's one day after this
blockbuster hearing that's been
scheduled for the accuser to testify I
have this right here and it's quite
clear from chairman Grassley saying the
Brett Kavanaugh nomination will be voted
on according to this schedule on Friday
morning that is a big deal because it
would suggest not a lot of time to
process or fact check or follow up on
whatever is learned in the Thursday
hearing let's get right to it senator
Sheldon Whitehouse will be questioning
Cavanaugh and the accuser on Thursday
senator is Friday enough time between
the hearing and a vote on this
nomination of course not but for the
Republicans that's not the issue
what is the issue the issue is try to
get through this as quickly as they can
they're kind of between a rock and the
hard place with very powerful big donors
who want a Supreme Court justice who
they think will be reliable for the
Republican big donors and they've got
witnesses who come forward making a lot
of really serious allegations and it
looks like they'd rather roll the
witnesses than roll their donors so get
the pain over as quickly as possible I
think is the solution for them the pain
over quickly was the idea that more time
and more pain could make it even harder
to get to vote through how do you
explain to viewers watching this you're
closer to it than most of us you are
sitting in the room with these other
senators you are making your own
judgments how do you explain a process
that seems to try to pretend or evoke a
notion of fairness that the accuser gets
to testify and then seems to undo it
with announcement like this right now
around 6:20 p.m. on the East Coast that
they're basically gonna hold the vote
the next day with no time to process
anything well the basic flaw in the
Republican strategy has been that
they've tried to set up the notion that
if both sides
get to say their piece then that's
fairness and that's the end of the story
don't look behind the curtain and of
course what's behind the curtain is that
in any trial in any administrative
proceeding in any prosecution in any
grand jury investigation when you get a
witness who comes in with a story like
these women have your first obligation
to them and to the process is to do a
proper thorough sincere investigation
nobody takes a witness who claims she
was the victim of sexual assault and
just throws them up on the witness stand
without any sincere or thorough effort
to look into and try to corroborate or
explode their claims
so the original sin of the Republican
strategy was to allow for no
investigation of any of this to shut
down the FBI background investigation
and to do nothing but the most partisan
in sincere and tenuous efforts on the
committee side the non investigation
investigation so that's been the problem
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
