we have Gloria Albert with us also let
me bring her in and do you have a number
of your clients there as well yes I'm
here with my clients two very very brave
women who also were prior bad act
witnesses who had the courage to testify
in the second criminal cases prior bad
act witnesses that Shalon lascia and
leased lot Lublin and they're here today
to see mr. Cosby received the
consequences that he should have she
alone can I ask you what was it like
when you saw him finally be sent to jail
happy I was very very happy with the
results I think three to ten years is
another it's better than nothing at
least he's going to prison he's gonna
have to have time to think about what he
did to Andrea and the rest of us women
did you did you think this day would
ever come it's sort of an old question
but um did you not at the beginning I
didn't one everyone told me that the
statute of limitations stopped you from
doing anything so I didn't this is a
real surprise and it's a welcome
surprise and surprised really I'm
surprised that it followed through that
it got to follow through he surprises he
was convicted or that he's going to
prison I was a little surprised about
both initially but I did everything I
could to fight for this and support
ondrea's case and support the every
woman and everyone has had to deal with
these situations and she's told her
truth in a court of law
she's been cropped she was under oath
she was cross-examined it was vigorous
it was brutal and she not only survived
it but she came back she came back with
her truth and so the court has sentenced
him mr. Cosby well he's classified him
as a sexually violent predator in
addition to that he has sentenced him to
a minimum of three years before you can
get even before the parole board and
that's important because the court said
he has to consider the protection of the
public he thinks it would be an undue
risk to release mr. Cosby on probation
and considering the gravity of the
offense and the impact on Andrea and her
family this was the appropriate session
how big this
has been described as the first
significant conviction of the Nietzsche
era
how big a turning point or milestone or
Plateau or moment do you think it is in
that context well I think it's really
important that women many women have
broken their silence and spoken out on
hashtag me too but it's also extremely
important that sexual assaults be
reported to law enforcement and that law
enforcement take those reported drugging
and sexual assault seriously and have
the confidence in the victim if it's
appropriate and as a and there's
evidence to support the allegations to
proceed to prosecute and that's what
happened here it was within the statute
of limitations this has been a long
journey to justice
and finally judgement day is here for
mr. Cosby help help it you have a big
smile on your face I can imagine how big
a day do you think this is and the in
the grand scheme of things of where the
country is and where women are in trying
to find justice in these sort of
situations I think is I think it's
beautiful because it's so many women are
starting to stand up and I like to think
you know it's because of us standing up
and helping bring a broader eye to
what's going on and say hey don't be
quiet there are people there to help you
like Miss all right shit and I might add
that they did this before hashtag me too
this is for years they they began
speaking up long before that and this is
the result and so I'm very proud of them
and also my other clients NAEYC for
example I seen everybody run Ellen how
are you she's never told of what she
alleges happened her truth to anyone but
law enforcement and me
but today later on today she's going to
explain what she said how are you how
are you how are you feeling today about
this day
liberated liberate this liberated there
is justice and you must be optimistic
about your own case going forward do you
think this changes a lot for my case
there's a statute of limitations so yes
that she doesn't have a case that can be
prosecuted we do have I do okay so I
understand their efforts to change the
statute of limitations yes we did it in
three different states we did it in
Nevada Colorado and we completely
eliminated the statute of limitations
for rape and sexual assault in
California and you know there's efforts
to do this in other states like
Pennsylvania but what I want to say is
this is really important day because
it's important that the criminal justice
system has finally worked on behalf of a
victim and that woman's words mattered
that were valued let me ask Stacy one
one last question because your case
can't be prosecuted does this give you
some sense of closure how do you feel
about that having watched this case come
to a conclusion knowing that you can't
have the same level of the same type of
justice I still feel great they're
coming here travelling all the way from
Europe for this sentencing gives me
closure with the help of the district
attorney all of the prior bad act
witnesses our attorney Gloria Allred
it's been it's it gives you closure it's
it is what you need and everyone who has
had something like this happened to them
me to go was on the list of prior bad
act witnesses she was willing to testify
but the court limited how many could be
called but the prosecution wanted her to
be able to testify but was not able to
call her thank you all very much I
really appreciate it thank you for
taking the time and is not a celebrity
anymore he is a classified as a sexually
violent predator he hasn't been a
celebrity for a long time yes
thank you thank you thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
