we can't have someone in the oval office
who doesn't understand the meaning of
the word confidential or classified so
it seems the President Trump may be the
one who doesn't understand the meaning
of the word confidential or classified
the New York Times reports that
officials have warned President Trump
about using an unsecured cell phone
because Russian and Chinese spies are
listening in on these calls in an
attempt to exploit the administration
President Trump denied this reporting
today by tweeting I rarely use a cell
phone and what I do it's government
authorized I like hard lines just more
made up fake news tweeted again about
that ironically Trump used an iPhone to
send this very tweet say that the bottom
Twitter for iPhone and thousands of
others while he is the President of the
United States
Omarosa a former trump staffer doesn't
even believe the president's claims
tweeting he always used his personal
iPhone in the White House for calls even
after being told over and over again
about the security of risk he disliked
his secure government-issued cell he
said it was slow and buggy taking a page
from the Trump playbook a spokeswoman
for the Chinese government called the
reporting fake news and suggested
president Trump exchange his iPhone for
a cell phone made by a Chinese
manufacturer joining us now is Malcolm
dance and MSNBC counterterrorism and
intelligence analyst I mean I've got a
smile on my face while talking about
this Malcolm but it's actually pretty
serious because the the Chinese and
Russians and others are really good at
intercepts as you know this is a
specialty of yours they can intercept
that using cell towers using the phone
itself using the device the National
Security Council has has given the
president a phone that apparently is
fixed for this sort of stuff and the
president doesn't like that well you're
absolutely right this device that
everybody carries is an intelligence
aggregator and communications device not
just for you and your family but for
foreign intelligence agencies should
they deem that you are targetable the
type top target in the United States is
mindset thought processes and decisions
of the President of the United States no
matter who he is
who no matter who is sitting in that
chair the President of the United States
will reveal information which is
confidential just in his general
discussions so if you can get an
unsecured telephone like an iPhone you
know every iPhone each one of these
they're not shielded they emanate and
radiate information they're almost
location tracking devices if you can get
close enough or get within the networks
to where you set up false cell phone
towers then you can collect that data
and believe me the Russian embassy and
Washington DC and the Chinese embassy
and their substations that are you know
clandestinely placed throughout the city
in the United States they can get this
unsecured information the president
should not be using that iPhone at all
now this story broke more than 24 hours
ago and the White House has just
responded a short time ago taken them an
unusually long time to respond with this
president tweeted a couple times and I
want you to go through this White House
response
it's very carefully worded the
allegation in the New York Times is that
there are three phones that there are
two government phones that are secure
and then there's the one that president
Trump likes to use which is his personal
iPhone here's what the White House says
the article written by the New York
Times presented inaccurate information
about the president's cell phone and its
usage the President does not have three
cellular phones he has one official
government iPhone that's it's a crafty
response to there he's got one official
government iPhone so the New York Times
said he had two we don't sure what
that's about but it didn't say said
they'd oh he doesn't have three he has
this one official phone so it hasn't
addressed the personal phone which all
sorts of people have have reported the
president uses it doesn't matter what it
hasn't really addresses whether this
phone is shielded whether this phone is
secure and the communications which come
from it are encrypted from end to end or
whether it's just an iPhone the US
government purchased using the GSA
purchasing process because that's what I
got out of
as a government employee as a military
guy if you've got a phone from the
government it says it's generally
speaking gonna be a normal phone in your
case you're an intelligence guy so maybe
yours is a little bit different but
generally speaking the government
purchases an iPhone gets a discount on
them yeah you're absolutely right and if
the president is using a hard-line then
those red phones those secure phones
those hard lines are what he's going to
use but we know he uses an unsecure
mobile phone people journalists just
today all throughout the day have been
saying they have seen this phone sitting
on his desk they have watched him train
it is not secure so there's our story
communications yeah let me just tell you
this the the Maggie Haberman from the
New York Times has tweeted multiple West
Wing aides say Jordan Karam who's taken
over as lead of Oval Office ops tells
colleagues about screening the call logs
on the non cell phone for Kelly the non
cell phone being the hard-line call
trump uses cell to avoid to try to avoid
the kelly screenings now something wrong
with this Malcolm I totally get the guy
doesn't like control he's he it's very
clear that his White House chief of
staff is the weakest chief of staff that
a president has had in a very long time
by design the president doesn't want
Kelly snooping on or telling him who to
call great that's for those two men to
sort out the problem is by not doing it
the Russians and Chinese are possibly
developing information that can be used
to compromise the president or others in
his circle oh yeah you're absolutely
right
listen if you listen carefully that
screen you're hearing is all the watch
standards at the National Security
Agency's National SIGINT Operations
Center pulling their hair out over the
fact that a non-secure cell phone which
is now a transmitter to our foreign
intelligence adversaries is is
broadcasting the president's most secret
desires the ones that he does not want
his chief of staff right here
whether that's private conversations to
his friends and unknown mistress whether
he's revealing information of a
clandestine or of a classified nature
the only subscribers to that right now
are Donald Trump his friends and all the
third-party collectors that have the
technical capability of targeting him
because he is the world's top signal
intelligence target yeah you are you are
right it's the stuff they're listening
in on the stuff that he doesn't want to
tell John Kelly that's the problem all
right Malcolm great to see you as always
Thank You Malcolm Nets thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
