we have engaged with North Korean to
replace the specter of conflict with a
bold and new push for peace in June I
traveled to Singapore to meet face to
face with North Korea's leader chairman
kim jeong-hoon we had highly productive
conversations and meetings and we agreed
that it was in both country's interest
to pursue the denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula since that meeting we
have already seen a number of
encouraging measures that few could have
imagined only a short time ago the
missiles and rockets are no longer
flying in every direction nuclear
testing has stopped some military
facilities are already being dismantled
our hostages have been released and as
promised the remains of our fallen
heroes are being returned home to lay at
rest in American soil
I would like to thank chairman Kim for
his courage and for the steps he has
taken though much work remains to be
done the sanctions will stay in place
until denuclearization occurs I also
want to thank the many member states who
helped us reach this moment a moment
that is actually far greater than people
would understand far greater but for
also their support and the critical
support that we will all need going
forward special thanks to president moon
of South Korea prime minister Abbey of
Japan and President Xi of China thank
you for checking out our youtube channel
why don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
