they know eating with rod was inside on
Thursday we'll be meeting at the White
House and we'll be determining what's
going on we want to have Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein's future seems
to be hanging in the balance tonight
this all follows the New York Times
report late last week saying that he'd
suggested perhaps secretly recording
Trump and lobbying cabinet members to
invoke the 25th amendment sources tell
NBC News that Trump decided not to fire
Rosenstein after discussions over the
weekend with aides and allies and among
other things after being begged not to
do so by sean hannity on live television
friday night Rosenstein will remind you
is a 28-year veteran of the Justice
Department has been overseeing the
Muller investigation since May of 17 he
was at the White House today for
meetings with chief of staff John Kelly
and officials say he did speak to the
president by phone throughout this
chaotic Monday there were multiple
accounts that Rosenstein had said that
he would resign as Ashley Parker and her
colleagues at the Washington Post report
quote the two hours and 10 minutes
between the first report that Rhoads and
Stein had verbally offered to resign and
the official White House statement that
he was still on the job
was a period of confusion in the West
Wing and on cable news and Twitter pure
mayhem Rosen Stein's uncertain position
has reignited concern that the president
will try to end somehow the Muller
investigation today one of trumps
lawyers suggested what would happen if
Rosen Stein were to leave I think it's
really important that there be a step
back taken here and a review and I think
it's a review that has to be thorough
and complete and a review that has to
include an investigation of what is
transpired with all of these statements
and all of these allegations going back
to the stockin page in Bruce lore and
basically a timeout on this inquiry
Rosen Stein's possible Auster raising
still more
warning signs for Attorney General Jeff
sessions who got a mention from the
president during a radio interview with
Geraldo Rivera that aired this morning
now apparently you know it seems that
there are people in your own inner
circle some this guy's in charge of the
Russia collusion investigation for
goodness sake and he's ready to stab you
in the back I mean you must be unsettled
about it I'm not unsettled about
anything but I'll tell you what we are
looking at it and it is you know he was
he was hired by Jeff Sessions I was not
involved in that process because you
know they go out and they get their own
deputies and the people that work in the
department and Jeff Sessions hired him
with us tonight to talk about all of it
Ashley Parker Pulitzer Prize winning
White House reporter for The Washington
Post Jeremy bash former chief of staff
at CIA and the Pentagon and we've
convinced Frank Fick loozy to stay
around for a bit more of our
conversation Ashley this may require a
judgment on your part but you are
ideally situated too so judge was today
genuine to malt for everybody especially
rod Rosenstein or was it a a disco ball
where shiny objects are concerned I
think it was both but first and foremost
it was really genuine tumult no one knew
what was going to happen today
rod Rosenstein our understanding was
that he went over to the White House
prepared to resign but fully expecting
and being prepared to be fired he is on
the job at least until Thursday within
the White House and again this is a
White House that often operates against
a backdrop of chaos things were even
more chaotic than usual because the
president and many of his top aides were
in New York for the opening of the
United Nations General Assembly you had
chief of staff John Kelly back in
Washington so even a White House that is
already a bit tumultuous there was a lag
time as they tried to figure out what
was going on one White House official as
we in the media frantically scrambled to
try to figure out
Rosenstein was staying in his job was
getting fired or was resigning called my
colleague Phil Rutger at the Washington
Post and basically said that the White
House was trying to figure out the exact
same thing not just the reality but
their own talking point whether they how
they were going to try and spin it so
genuine tumult but to the second part of
your question at the end of the day it
was kind of this disco ball because as
of Monday night nothing has actually
changed yet
Ashleigh I found it notable that Kelly
walked him out to the car a little
stretch of pavement called West exec
that's between the White House and the
old executive office building you do so
knowing that cameras are trained on that
area and all those vehicles and it's not
often where the principal walks the
guest out there Kelly had to have known
I think that's right I think on the one
hand that was a little bit of a show of
support but I think this is also a White
House that is trying to figure out what
exactly they want to do with this
situation and one of the concerns that
has been repeated to the President and
that Kelley may have been trying to
underscore in that public gesture is it
on the one hand at the end of the day
whether Rosa Stein resigns or whether
he's fired the end result is the same
he's gone he's no longer the you know
Deputy Attorney General that said there
is a tremendous difference between the
president accepting his resignation
which while it might cause problems for
the midterms would be an acceptable
solution to the White House and the
president firing him and that is
something that the president's senior
advisors over the weekend today but for
quite some time now have tried to
explain to the president that he simply
cannot do if Rosen Stein leaves they say
it has to be by his own decision and not
by the president firing him because that
just adds another data point for Robert
Muller's investigation into obstruction
of justice and you're so right to point
out that huge distinction so Jeremy if
in fact he leaves you and so many others
have been kind enough to be on our
broadcast
regularly have said that a Rosenstein
departure would equal a constitutional
crisis or as close to one as you want to
come or are we there yet well even
before we get to departure Brian I think
that a Thursday meeting is wholly
improper and here's why
rod Rosenstein is overseeing an
investigation into the conduct of the
president the president is a subject of
the investigation and many of his close
associates are target's of that
investigation is entirely inappropriate
for the president to meet with rod
Rosenstein and do effectively what he
did with Jim Comey before he fired Comey
which is to invite in this case Rosen
Stein to pledge loyalty to say are you
on my team
are you with me or against me and to
hold Rosen Stein's job over his head and
make him audition for the job he already
holds it's an effort by the president to
pressure the investigation in effect to
compromise it and to obstruct it and now
to our former Fed Frank how would team
Muller view a Rosenstein departure and
how would they process it what would it
mean to them so first let me just echo
what Jeremy said about the fact that a
meeting on Thursday could actually turn
into a fact witness situation where now
Muller's team has to interview anybody
present during that meeting to ensure
that obstruction wasn't occur occurring
and that they weren't discussing the
special counsel inquiry now how is the
Muller team reacting to this dry run we
all went through as a nation today
they're prepared they are prepared to
press the send button on packages of
prosecutions that would involve various
state attorneys general and various US
Attorneys offices but rest assured they
treated today as rehearsal for what is
almost inevitable because the departure
now of rod Rosen Stein whatever the
timing is now not a question of if but a
question of when hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
