Brook Cavanaugh and his wife Ashley
spoke to Fox News tonight an interview
with Martha McCallum but Brett Kavanaugh
did not let his wife answer the single
most important question that was
addressed directly to his wife as we'll
show you in just a moment the interview
came after a very bad weekend for Brett
Kavanaugh and the Republicans who are
trying to make Brett Kavanaugh a Supreme
Court justice the Republican chairman of
the Senate Judiciary Committee Chuck
Grassley repeatedly embarrassed himself
with his Republican Senate colleagues by
issuing tough sounding deadlines to
lawyers representing professor Christine
Blasi Ford who has accused Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual assault and
attempted rape when they were in high
school and every time dr. Ford and her
lawyers ignored chuck Grassley deadlines
Chuck Grassley then set a new deadline
for dr. Ford to decide if she would
testify to the committee on Wednesday a
date and time set by chuck Grassley in
the end dr. Ford agreed to testify but
forced Chuck Grassley to delay the
hearing until Thursday which was one of
dr. Ford's original demands while that
deadline kept moving Chuck Grassley
Judiciary Committee staff showed once
again just how biased and unprofessional
they are on Saturday Garrett Ventre was
forced to resign from the committee
staff when NBC News asked the committee
about quote evidence he was fired from a
previous political job in part because
of a sexual harassment allegation
against him that was after the
Republicans chief counsel for
confirmations tweeted last week that
nothing dr. Ford could say about Brett
Kavanaugh would stop him
from confirming judge Kavanaugh he wrote
unfazed and determined we will confirm
judge Cavanaugh the very bad weekend for
judge Kavanagh ended late Sunday night
with the senior Democrat on the
Judiciary Committee Dianne Feinstein
tweeting Thursday's hearing should be
canceled in light of a disturbing new
allegation of sexual misconduct against
Brett Kavanaugh the FBI must investigate
all allegations the new allegation that
senator Feinstein was referring to was
reported in The New Yorker by Ronan
Farrow and Jane mayor Deborah Ramirez
told them that when she and Brett
Kavanaugh were freshmen at Yale she
remembers that Cavanaugh exposed
to himself at a drunken dormitory party
and thrust himself close to her face so
that when she pushed him away she had to
touch him in a way that horrified her
full specific graphic details of that
are included in The New Yorker article
and so with the Kavanagh nomination
sinking fast by Sunday night Donald
Trump apparently decided that Monday
morning was the day for a show of
confidence by Republicans even though
Republicans are not confident that Brett
Kavanaugh will be confirmed Trump and
all Republicans are always conveniently
forgetting the historic unfairness that
Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans
delivered to Merrick garland Barack
Obama's nominee for the Supreme Court
who was never even given a hearing
Republicans left that Supreme Court seat
vacant for over a year the mastermind of
the Republicans Merrick garland strategy
said this today I want to make it
perfectly clear mr. president
judge Kavanaugh will be voted on here on
the Senate floor up or down on the
Senate floor this fine nominee to the
Supreme Court will receive a vote in
this in the near future voted on up or
down so may be down but voted on that's
actually a very big step back from what
he said last week here's what I want to
tell you in a very near future
judge Cavanaugh will be on the United
States Supreme Court
so my friends keep the faith don't get
rattled by all of this
we're gonna plow right through it and do
our job
they are rattled make no mistake about
it they are trying to sound confident
but every day that passes is bringing
new trouble for the Cavanaugh nomination
including what Michael avenatti claims
is more evidence that will come out
within the next two days evidence from a
woman who Michael abba nadia is
describing as you heard previously in
this hour as a witness and a victim a
victim of what could be possible rape
scenarios during what appears to be the
high school years we're gonna wait for
the details of that to come out that
then as mike 1190 promises they will if
republicans were actually confident they
would not be sending Brett Kavanaugh out
to do an interview on Fox News Supreme
Court nominees nominees never do
interviews during the confirmation
process never sending Brett Kavanaugh
and his wife to Fox News was a desperate
move by desperate people and what we saw
was Brett Kavanaugh at his most
mechanical in a thoroughly rehearsed
performance with none of the relaxed
extemporaneous speaking that he did in
his confirmation hearing when he was
being pressed questioned by friendly
Republicans it was a very different
Brett Kavanaugh that we saw tonight
Brett Kavanaugh did about a 15 minute
interview in which he only said a few
things very few things but he said them
over and over again here was talking
point number one no I've never sexually
assaulted anyone not in high school not
ever
I've never sexually assaulted anyone
in high school otherwise I'm never
sexually assaulted anyone in high school
or otherwise I've never sexually
assaulted anyone in high school or
anything so inches
I've never sexually assaulted anyone
I've never sexually assaulted anyone he
was only asked that question once but he
kept using that answer as a way of not
answering other questions here is
Cavanaugh talking point number two I am
looking for a fair process process where
I can defend my integrity and clear my
name and all masking for his fairness
and that I be heard in this process all
I'm asking for is a fair process again
again just asking for a fair process
again I'm just asking for a fair process
I want a fair process where I can defend
my integrity I want a fair process I
just want a fair process
I just want a fair process I just want
an offer to the affair process we're
looking for a fair process
here's that were actually asked if he
wanted a fair process that was just the
language that he kept pumping in instead
of answering some of the questions and
when martha maccallum asked Brett
Kavanaugh why the fair process didn't
include an FBI investigation he simply
refused to answer the question and
replayed his talking points talk point
number three was about those 65 women
who miraculously produced a letter of
support for Brett Kavanaugh as soon as
the sexual assault allegation first
became public
65 who overnight signed a letter from
high school saying I always treated them
with dignity and respect 65 women who
knew me in high school
65 women okay so much for the talking
points now here here's the most
important moment in the Fox News
interview Brett Kavanaugh and his wife
it was when his wife Ashley was asked a
question that the Cavanaugh talking
points did not anticipate the question
was directed quite reasonably directly
to Brett Kavanaugh his wife and Brett
Kavanaugh would not allow Ashley
Cavanaugh
to answer that question do you believe
there should be an FBI investigation
into these allegations and that a pause
should happen and you know sort it all
out if there's nothing to worry about
and nothing to hide why not have that
process Ashley and then I'll shoot
Everett I want to be heard I want a fair
process where I can defend my integrity
and clear my name as quickly as I as I
can in whatever form the Senate deems
appropriate I really wanted to hear
Ashley Cavanaugh answer that question
sure I'm not the only one but Brett
Kavanaugh wasn't gonna let that happen
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
