Donald Trump's nominee now clearly in
serious danger there's been a whirlwind
of developments the context is clear a
second woman has come forward to accused
Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct this is a
new name Deborah Ramirez telling The New
Yorker that when she and Cavanaugh were
in college she alleges that he exposed
himself to her and then made him touch
her without her consent Cavanaugh
vigorously denying this allegation
saying it did not happen and calling
this part of a smear plain and simple
and that brings me to more of his
perspective which is of course a large
part of the story as is the allegations
we're about to show you something you
almost never see if you watch the news
you've probably seen a lot of supreme
court battles recently but here is a
current nominee to the Supreme Court
with his confirmation vote hanging in
the balance going on TV for an interview
to defend himself he went over to Fox
News with his wife in this brand-new
interview that will air later tonight
did you guys ever look at each other and
say I'm out this is enough this is just
isn't worth it
I'm not gonna let false accusations
tribe us out of this process and we're
looking for a fair process where I could
be heard and defend the my integrity my
lifelong record my lifelong record of
promoting dignity and equality for women
starting with the women who knew me when
I was 14 years old I'm not going
anywhere that is the latest from Judge
Cavanaugh as for the man who is trying
to put him on the court Donald Trump
coming out blasting today defending the
nominee and questioning the credibility
of these women who have come forward as
accusers as a chance that this could be
one of the single most unfair unjust
things to happen to a candidate for
anything
people to come out of the woodwork from
36 years ago and 30 years ago never
mentioned it all of a sudden that
happens in my opinion it's totally
political totally the pressure mounting
these protests today in Capitol Hill in
front of the offices of several
Republican senators who could decide
whether this hearing even happens
meanwhile the top Democrat on the Senate
Judiciary Committee Dianne Feinstein is
calling to postpone all the dealings
here regarding Cavanaugh's nomination
Republicans though are not giving an
inch in public at least in the Senate
digging in their heels even by the
far-left standards this shameful
shameful smear campaign has hit a new
low here is the update though today we
heard again from dr. Christine for
telling the committee chairman Grassley
in a personal letter that she's ready to
talk on Thursday saying while I am
frightened please know my fear will not
hold me back
from testifying join a night by Margay
who writes The New York Times editorial
board Attorney Nancy Erica Smith who
represented gretchen carlson in a sexual
harassment lawsuit ultimately brought
down Fox News CEO Roger Ailes and Ilyse
Hogue president of NARAL pro-choice
America is one of the lead organizing
groups that was doing that walk out
today and supports Cavanaugh's accusers
and is opposing his nomination my thanks
to all of you I begin with you having
represented people in similar situations
your analysis of where we are going into
the potential hearing Thursday if
everyone still is on the same page and
what to make of the new accusation well
as somebody who has been representing
victims of sexual harassment 38 years
when you hear certain stories you almost
are sure that there are other victims an
attempted rape is definitely a signal
that there are going to be other victims
so I can't say that I'm surprised that
there are other victims I am surprised
that the bravery of mizramirez to come
out I note that the two women that
Cavanaugh's lawyers wanted to sign a
letter that they didn't happen have
removed their names from that letter so
it's not at all clear whether she
actually has actual cooperate
raishin but sexual assault doesn't
usually take place in public so if we're
ever going to believe women we have to
start believing women now also it's so
funny that Martha McCallum is the person
who got the interview because she was
one of Roger Ailes first offenders when
gretchen carlson claimed that he
harassed her so it's very funny that he
chose her it's also to hear the
president an admitted sexual predator on
tape who supported Roger Ailes who
supported O'Reilly who supported a
pedophile Roy Moore attacked these women
this is why women don't come out so
these two women are incredibly brave I
am surprised that they will go in front
of this GOP kangaroo court I wish they'd
come here
I wish they'd go directly to the
American people with their witnesses and
their families and look in the camera
and talk directly to the American people
because this is not a fair fair process
at all you're concerned about what would
actually occur at the hearing yeah I
want to play more Amara for viewers to
make up their own minds it is as I
mentioned very unusual to hear from a
Supreme Court nominee in a television
interview he's completed the first round
of hearings this has only been scheduled
because of the new accusation and it
quite clearly reflects a level of crisis
at the White House we also see the split
messaging we just showed Donald Trump's
attacks you gave your your rebuttal your
view of that the judge is trying to have
it a different way and saying maybe this
happened but it just wasn't him
take a look at a little more from the
new interview the truth is I've never
sexually assaulted anyone in high school
or otherwise I'm not questioning and
have not questioned that perhaps dr.
Ford at some point in her life was
sexually assaulted by someone in some
place but what I know is I've never
sexually assaulted anyone you know and
there's a human angle here and there's a
politics issue of politics but just to
start with the human angle I mean the
idea that dr. Ford is sitting somewhere
watching a man who you know who she
believes committed attempted rape on her
who stopped her life as she knew it for
years you know watching him deny not
only deny what happened but actually
also essentially saying well you're
confused and Gaslight her you know it's
it's disgusting frankly now I just want
to say we don't know what happened in
that room we weren't there the issue
before the the Senate is not whether
this can be proven in a court of law
that's not what this is about this is
about is this current claim and in fact
are these two women who have come
forward are their claims credible enough
to raise suspicions about the character
of a man who could sit on Supreme Court
for the rest of his life that is a high
bar that is not the same as can you
prove it in a court of law
should he be in jail that's not that's
not the same issue and I think that's
being conflated here well and so Nancy I
think that's something that is put very
well and that we were discussing in our
coverage at the end of last week as well
when people sometimes say well what is
the presumption here or do you believe
this or that party they're adopting a
language of court right which is
explicitly weighted for the accused and
for the rights of the defendant because
the defendant could go to jail that is
not as I think you've both emphasized
that is not the standard for whether you
along with a hundred other
well-qualified applicants should get a
powerful promotion right and we actually
live in a country where if you are in a
job for 25 30 40 years you don't have
due process your employer can come in
and say you're fired
and I don't have to tell you why so if
you actually have a job you're not
entitled to due process in this country
he's applying for a job and there aren't
enough questions about his character yet
that just means that women don't matter
he applying for a job you have no rights
whatsoever is first especially a
lifetime appointment to the most
important court in this country but can
I also just say that I think the
Republicans have done
a fairly good job actually in the past
week or two of trying to kind of create
this narrative as though Oh any man can
be accused no I mean enough you mean an
effective job done an effective job as
though any man can be accused at anytime
of something he didn't do
and I'm sorry we didn't hear this about
Neal Gorsuch I mean this is this is
actually not no it's you can be accused
of something if you've actually
committed or wronged and so you know we
don't know what happened but these
claims are credible and that's the thing
to focus well and so let me go to at
least on the on that point because at
least for anyone who is genuinely
interested in adjudicating the claims
and who holds out the possibility that
as with any proceeding some of the
claims may not be provable or true if
you are the one being accused you would
want more time and more information and
more witnesses and more testimony
because presumably that would over the
process out and so that is in stark
contrast to some other new reporting
today that is procedural but I think
quite important at least and I wonder
your view of it in the new yorker that
says senior Republican staff actually
learned of this new allegation will
reporting against Cavanaugh last week
expressed concern about its impact
soon after Senate Republicans issued a
new calls to accelerate the timing of
the committee vote translation an
interest in Russian past information
finding rather than using that process
to potentially clear his name if his
name could be cleared I think that's
absolutely right all right look women
all over this country know three things
they know that there is almost never of
false claim and that this one rings true
they know that Bret Cavanaugh has
already lied under oath
he's already a liar and they know that
the Republicans insistent at every step
to steamroll process get make no attempt
to get the evidence the witness is is
literally at every step screaming to
women you don't matter and that's right
today tens of thousands of women
screamed back and I think the question
we have to ask is why I mean really much
like sexual assault the GOP
is using this process to exert pure
power over women around the country I
mean surely there are dozens if not
hundreds of qualified applicants for
this space on the Supreme Court and yet
they're clinging to this one and the
risk of putting someone who has shown
such disdain for women into a position
whether where he would literally hold
millions of women's lives or Bali
choices hostage is egregious and it's
really just about them demonstrating
power and women have had it hey you say
we would have had a Jain mayor who was
in The New Yorker with Ronan Farrow on
the latest scoop was just speaking about
how there was a process of people I
think many of them women discussing this
for quite about amount of time with
Kavanagh before any of this came out
publicly take a listen we found
classmates had been talking about this
from for weeks and months since July
there have been an email chain of Yale
classmates of of Kavanagh talking about
will this thing come out long before
Christine Blasi Ford came forward at
least that goes to another question here
that I'm sure is difficult to answer for
anyone and you don't represent senator
Feinstein but there are people who are
criticizing the process saying that she
did not push this forward in a public
way earlier look I mean we can play
20/20 hindsight oh you know as the day
is long I think it is a very complicated
decision for any any woman to want to
come forward in any setting I mean this
happens in high schools and and young
women don't want to come forward when
you are dr. Christine Blasi Ford or you
are Debra Ramirez who we believe 100%
and you know the cost to your family of
course you're going to want to take your
time you're going to want to think about
the implications because the cards are
stacked against you and to me that means
every single person involved in this
proceeding should be thinking about why
they would come forward if if for any
other reason that this is the truth and
they are trying to save this country
from a terrible
fate of having this man on the Supreme
Court he should be withdrawn immediately
or else the GOP and President Trump are
saying they don't care about the
integrity of this court and they don't
care about women right and that's the
question going in as we as we hear from
judge Cabo not speaking out more
forcefully tonight and going towards
this hearing who's gonna testify is
they're gonna be hearing does he make it
to Thursday Margay Nancy Erica Smith and
Lisa hug thanks to each of you hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
