under secretary Kemp more people have
lost the right to vote in the state of
Georgia
they've been purged they've been
suppressed and they've been scared this
is a man who had someone arrested for
helping her blind father cast a ballot
he raided the offices of organizations
to stop them from registering voters
that type of voter suppression feeds the
narrative because voter suppression
isn't only about blocking the vote it's
also about creating an atmosphere of
fear making people worry that their
votes won't count tonight in Georgia an
election that is effectively deadlocked
Stacey Abrams the Democrat you saw there
running to become the first
african-american female governor in
American history faced off in a debate
with Republican Secretary of State Brian
Kemp Abrams is currently suing Kemp for
suppressing votes in the election that
he's both running in and overseeing camp
for his part is well aware that African
American and minority turnout is a
problem for him he voiced his concerns
over Abrams voters outreach to donors at
an event last week a recording of that
event was given to Rolling Stone
reporter jameelah the posted it online
hours before tonight's to be worried as
we were going in to start early voting
with the literally tens of millions of
dollars that they are putting behind
their vase with absentee ballot requests
they have this unprecedented number of
that works is something that continues
to concern us especially her bike uses
an exercise is very right there but
we can email to the ballots in we Kemp's
campaign today confirmed he was at the
event and they no comment on the remarks
tonight the issue of election integrity
was central to the debate as you know in
a recent video you called on illegals to
vote for you in this election I was
actually shocked I had to watch that
video twice so my question is why are
you encouraging people to break the law
for you in this election mr. Kemp you
are very aware that I know the laws of
Georgia when it comes to voting in fact
I am one of the foremost experts in the
state on expansion of voting rights and
I have never in my life
asked for anyone who is not legally
eligible to vote to be able to cast a
ballot what I've asked for is that you
allow those who are legally eligible to
vote to allow them to cast their ballots
and in fact we took you to court in 2016
and a federal judge said that you
illegally cancelled 34,000 registrations
you use the exact same system the exact
match system that is under dispute right
now talk more about this race I'm joined
by Jeanette Nelson associate director
and counsel the n-double-a-cp legal
defense fund and Dale Howe director of
the ACLU voting rights project what so
so there's a policy thing happening here
in Georgia
there's a there's a fascinating kind of
personal story here which is that like
these two people have been facing off on
this issue way before this election
accident right that's right it's it's
been a really interesting dance leading
up to this election where you have the
person who's been in charge of elections
for years now being a candidate and
reaping the benefits of all of the
manipulation and all of the voter
suppression that he's engaged in four
years since 2012 he's been responsible
Brian Kemp for one point four million
registration cancellations and most
recently we found out that there were
voter purges just last year after he
announced his candidacy and we have
voters who were removed from the rolls
he's effectively choosing the people who
are able to participate in this election
and choosing the voters who may
ultimately elect him or his opponent
into the gubernatorial office what is
the law say about what
can and can't get away with I mean the
the fasting thing about voting rights
right in the history of the country is
that they're constantly since the the
period after reconstruction they're shot
through with bad faith right so all of
the efforts to suppress the vote
particularly in the south after
reconstruction are facially race neutral
right like Oh take a literacy test like
oh we're gonna close a polling place
here they knew what they were doing
right so the question now becomes like
what can you do and not do if you say oh
we're gonna purge a million people you
can get away with that purge four
million people like what is the standard
well a lot of what Brian camp has done
is illegal we're challenging a number of
his practices but danger here is that it
takes time to litigate these cases right
and if we can't get relief in the courts
before the election it's too late
there's no way to redo the election and
get people's voting rights back before
November right so the remedy there is
you know one gets to say like get get
the other person elected right but
there's a reason that Georgia was once
covered by section five of the Voting
Rights Act that we know the Supreme
Court basically basically eviscerated in
2013 in the Shelby County versus holder
decision and the reason that that law
was so effective and in place was
because of places like Georgia that
routinely engages in voter suppression
and therefore were required to present
any change like the purging of a hundred
thousand voters or the changing of
polling sites or the cancellation of
registrations they had to present those
changes to the federal government for
clearance is it that's all stuff that
would have to go through preclearance
that's right if you purchase yeah if you
change the rules than you or if you're
just doing routine voter list
maintenance that's one thing but if you
are changing the rules that affect how
who gets to stay on the rolls and who
doesn't that's a change if you are
engaged in the cancellation of
registrations based on a new rule that
you've put into place then you would
need to seek some sort of preclearance
there are still opportunities to get
emergency relief lawyers from the ACLU
and the ACLU of Georgia the legal
director of the ACLU of Georgia Sean
Young was in court today arguing that
what Georgia is doing throwing away
absentee ballots you heard Brian Kemp
complained that there are too many
people casting absentee ballots it's
like the head of the IRS complaining
they're too many people
I don't know paying their taxes
but we were in court today on an
emergency motion to stop the state from
throwing away absentee ballots without
first verifying that those ballots were
in fact
legitimately cast by voters there's also
the question about this sort of conflict
of interest that hangs over all this and
one of the moments in the debate tonight
he said he had no plans if there were a
recount he no plans to recuse himself
from a recount which just driving
strikes everyone is kind of a little
weird like you're gonna oversee the
recount yes I mean if Kris Kobach is
besting you in this area then you've got
a problem I mean he really should commit
ahead of the election to assure voters
to to instill some sense of security and
integrity in the process to say if there
is a recount
I will recuse myself frankly we demanded
the Legal Defense Fund sent a letter
last week demanding that he step away
voluntarily from supervising the
elections doesn't mean he has to
necessarily abdicate his office entirely
but in terms of his responsibilities
concerning the Georgia elections the
idea that he is still in charge of that
process is absurd in any other
circumstance we would see this as a
clear conflict of interest and an
invitation for self-dealing
is Georgia I mean Kansas obviously Kris
Kobach is notoriously I wonder is
Georgia out of line with other states or
is it just the fact that Brian Kemp is
running that has put the spotlight on i
Brian camp has a I think pretty bad
history when it comes to suppressing
votes what I would I was when I was
asked about Brian kept before you know
is he you know doing something new what
I'd say is he's not doing something new
but he's using every old trick in the
book and that's what's kind of unique
about him he doesn't just champion sort
of one restriction on voting the way
Kris Kobach for instance with his proof
of citizenship law
Brian Kemp's got a strict voter ID law
he's got purges for not voting something
that the Supreme Court unfortunately
upheld in a case coming out of Ohio the
other year he has this exact match
program which stacey abrams challenged
and now is apparently back online and
then now he's got this system of
rejecting absentee ballots based on
someone's eyeball test of whether or not
the signature appears to match someone's
border registry that's what they're
using right now that's what we were in
court today challenging several hundred
ballots have already been rejected or
ballot requests have been rejected in
Florida
in Georgia I'm sorry the number is
expected to go up as we get closer to
Election Day based on just an eyeball
test that's someone's signature on their
absentee ballot or their ballot request
doesn't look like the voter registration
form all we're asking for is that those
voters get notified and have a chance to
say don't throw my ballot away that was
me that seems like a pair of master
named Nelson and Dale Howe thank you for
joining us thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
