bread Cavanaugh finds himself in a
desperate fight to save his nomination
to the US Supreme Court with two women
now making accusations against him on
Thursday at 10:00 a.m. this week dr.
Christine Blasi Ford will sit across
from 21 members of the Senate Judiciary
Committee to accuse bread Cavanaugh is
sexually assaulting her when they were
teenagers the full power of her
accusation is set forth in the letter
dr. Ford sent Senator Dianne Feinstein
released late last night Ford wrote
Cavanaugh physically pushed me into a
bedroom as I was headed for a bathroom
they locked the door and played loud
music precluding any successful attempts
to yell for help
Cavanaugh was on top of me while
laughing with judge who periodically
jumped on the Kavanagh they both laughed
this cabinet tried to disrobe me and
they're entirely and they're highly
inebriated state with Cavanaugh's hand
over my mouth I feared he may
inadvertently kill me the letter sent to
the committee today dr. Ford wrote the
decision to first report the assault to
Mike and grunt congresswoman was a very
difficult one but I felt that this was
something that a citizen couldn't not do
meanwhile today judge Kavanagh spoke
publicly for the first time since Fords
allegation became public the truth is
I've never sexually assaulted anyone in
highschool or otherwise I am NOT
questioning and have not questioned that
perhaps dr. Ford at some point in her
life was sexually assaulted by someone
in some place but what I know is I've
never sexually assaulted anyone
well Cavanaugh is also defending himself
now against a second accuser Debra
Ramirez is a former classmate of
Cavanaugh's from Yale she told The New
Yorker that she remembers Kavanagh had
exposed himself exposed himself at a
drunken dormitory party thrust his blank
in her face and caused her to touch it
without her consent and she pushed him
away
well she acknowledged that there are
gaps in her memories that she had been
drinking a lot during that encounter
Republicans staff for the Senate
Judiciary Committee have reached out to
Debra ramirez's lawyer for a preliminary
inquiry
into her allegation Cavanaugh denied the
allegations claiming they were a smear
well the president who according to the
Associated Press believes that the
allegations were a democratic plot being
advanced by the media
once again publicly voiced his support
for Cavanaugh let's watch it would be
sad indeed if something happens to
reroute that this is a fine man and we
certainly hope he's going to be
confirmed and quickly Brent Cavanaugh is
an absolute outstanding person hopefully
he will be confirmed quickly Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell who dismissed the
new allegations as part of a larger
smear campaign vowed the plow ahead that
was his phrase before with the
nomination I want to make it perfectly
clear mr. president
judge Kavanaugh will be voted on here on
the Senate floor up or down on the
Senate floor this fine nominee to the
Supreme Court
will receive a vote in this in the near
future well given the new allegations
the ranking member on the district
committee Senator Dianne Feinstein has
called for a postponement of the
Kavanagh nomination for the latest time
trouble Heidi Prince Miller NBC News
national political correspondent a
Eugene Robinson Washington Post
columnist and Robert Koster Washington
Post national political reporter Robert
what's the latest on this the president
is supporting this they're pushing this
Mitch McConnell's to win so as he keeps
phrasing it I think not nicely plow it
through demanding a vote and yet now we
have a second accuser they've been
keeping close tabs on Senate Republicans
and as long as Senator Collins and
Senator flake and Senator Murkowski
don't break and continue to say they
want to hear from dr. Ford at Thursday's
hearing then this nomination moves
forward it's not going to get pulled in
the president in private conversations
with Senate leaders has been pretty
defined he sees this as a war against
political correctness as much as it is a
battle for his own nominee what's what's
the political help me here
what's politically correct or incorrect
about the charge made by dr. Ford here
who said it's okay to behave like he's
this accusation runs of course any
sexual assault would be inappropriate
and wrong but what Cavanaugh's
nomination has become chris is a totem
for many on the right who see this as
part of their war against the
establishment so you see the
Conservatives across the board whether
it's Rush Limbaugh on radio conservative
groups going on air with ads they're
fighting for this nomination because for
them it's a cause this is not just about
the allegations at hand it's about
reshaping the federal judiciary because
they would they wouldn't have a problem
with it they're they defending the
behavior or their site politically at
this point they're they're saying
they're just dug in with Kavanagh that
this is a war if they think against
Kavanagh that's wrong he's going on Fox
News to talk about it they know there's
a lot of pressure for him to step down
just weeks before the midterm elections
a lot of unease when I'm talking to my
top GOP sources but for now they're
holding steady because of what they see
at the end of the horizon seeing what
they're doing is they're trying to avoid
attacking the accuser right because I
will look at terrible yeah but what they
do is suggested she's dizzy
she's miski or confused or whatever she
missed you know mistaken identity
exactly anyway to avoid saying what they
then and then they but how they deal
with the fact that it's true if she
makes a credible case on Thursday how
they gonna deal with it well the problem
to me and and what sort of hollows out
any argument that the Republicans are
making is that they don't they won't
investigate they don't want an
investigation they don't want to do any
actual fact-finding or attempt any
actual fact-finding they say well just
be he said she said well how do they
know why don't bring the guy who who she
says was in the room the whole time was
part of this conduct or even assault
well he's changed his position slightly
to at first he adamantly denied that
anything like this ever happened and
then he said he had quote no memory and
that he had no also interest in details
of drunken behavior with his buddy Bart
Oh Oh Kevin that's the problem it also
could be the the you know they the
Republicans just don't want any
association there because if you read
the latest reporting from the new
Yorker the accusations against mark
judge are far more troubling than the
accusations against Brett Kavanaugh if
you read down into the New Yorker piece
there was an allegation by a former
girlfriend that he had admitted to her
his participation and what sounded like
a gang rape and to have someone like
that anyway it's essential but no doubt
it was a gang rape if you will yeah
multiple males and one woman but he was
saying it was consensual in the woman's
play but here's the problem Chris is it
it's no longer he said she said like the
Washington Post said it's he said they
said yeah and can this process be
perceived as fair in the end if none of
these other witnesses and cooperating
witnesses are allowed to come forward
and all of the people who are wanting
the investigation are the accusers and
not the accused Jean it's like the
Florida recount let's stop counting
we got one boy so we're not gonna have
any more how do you say you're not gonna
hear from Ramirez well I I don't know
how you do that in fact Susan Collins
just came out and said we need to hear
from the second accuser we need to hear
from the Senate needs to hear from her
now Collins is not on that committee but
she is one of the pivotal votes and and
what she says carries a lot of weight in
the Senate so I'm sure I don't know how
you can I
I just don't know how you can vote
without saying we're gonna look into
this as opposed to just Ram it through
work here's Michael adult film star
stormy dana said he is now representing
the accused who says she has credible
information about Kavanagh and his high
school friend mark judge in a tweet
avenatti writes we will be demanding the
opportunity to present testimony to the
committee and will like light and
likewise be demanding the judge and
others be subpoenaed to testify the
nomination must be withdrawn well having
already told POLITICO that his claim
would go public with the tales of her
accusations in the next 48 hours so
Robert from a president's point of view
or at least his public point of view his
attitude publicly does he believe this
stuff is made up all three of these
cases he stands with Kavanagh and he's
been a little bit out of distance from
the preparations for Thursday's here and
he knows that it's an uneasy situation
he's been delegating a lot to don McGann
his White House Counsel who really has
wanted Kavanaugh to be the nominee for
months but you had the president seen
this as part of a broader political
fight he's waging and that if he backs
down and Cavanaugh he feels like he
could open himself vulnerably in a way
politically that he doesn't want this
close to the midterm elections and you
see the White House is listening to the
Senate Republicans as long as they're
there at this moment they're not going
to start trying to rethink the whole
nomination well over the weekend it was
reported publicly that the Kavanagh has
spent the past week preparing for the
upcoming hearing according to Washington
Post Cavanaugh grew frustrated when it
came to questions that dug into his
private life particularly his drinking
habits I don't know about this phrasing
his sexual proclivities whatever that
phrase refers to he addressed some of
those issues during his interview on Fox
let's watch that we're talking an
allegation of sexual assault I've never
sexually assaulted anyone I did not have
sexual intercourse or anything close to
sexual intercourse in high school or for
many years thereafter and the girls from
the schools I went to and I saying that
all through all these years that are in
question you were a virgin that's
correct
never had sexual intercourse with anyone
in high school friends through what
years in college since we're probing
into your personal yes many years after
I'll leave it at that many years after
what do you rather the relevance of that
is too much information because it's not
relevant to the accusations the
accusations are not of sexual
intercourse or not the accusation is of
you know an attempted attempting to tear
a woman's clothes off while keeping her
locked in a bedroom and knows about that
your hand which sounds like an attempted
rape and and exposing himself but
they're not let me bring up something I
don't think it's been brought up enough
about her fear for her life she said it
privily Gavin de Becker who's his expert
he wrote a book called the gift of
feared about how you get instincts you
have to follow your instincts like this
guy that was about the rape a woman in
fact he did rape her
he first closed the window and she's
seen
what's going on here and then any then
he's gonna the killer after he raped her
she closes the Winnebagos in the kitchen
rise he closed that window cuz he don't
want my screams to be heard and when you
lock the door from a woman if you haul
her into room they're drunk you lock the
door then you turn the music up so the
squeals can't be heard and then you put
your hand over your mouth so her squeals
will not be heard you have a reason to
fear and this is something that has it's
not about sex is about power
can I just say something that I don't
think has been analyzed enough in this
whole scenario which is that the
circumstantial evidence here that
something very traumatic happened to dr.
Ford is strong okay she if you read this
Washington Post piece she underwent a
personality transformation in between
high school and college she became
reclusive her grades were failing it was
after that that she'd moved across the
country and she chose to dedicate her
life studies to studying the impact of
trauma on depression and anxiety and I
have to say it's the same there's a
similar chord there as well with Deborah
Ramirez who volunteers at a center for
victims of sexual abuse I think it is
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
