welcome back the Senate Judiciary
Committee is already dealing with a
firestorm over Brett Cavanaugh's
nomination to the Supreme Court and if
rod Rosen Stein gets fired when he meets
with President Trump on Thursday members
of the Judiciary Committee would be the
center of that crisis too I'm joined now
by Delaware Democratic Senator Chris
Coons a member of the Judiciary
Committee couldn't be a busy Thursday
for you sir
yes it could Katie it's a very
consequential day the Judiciary
Committee will most likely be hearing
from dr. Ford from Christine Blasi Ford
and I suspect all of us will be casting
glances at our phones to see whether
there's any news from the White House
meeting between rod Rosenstein and
President Trump let me play devil's
advocate with you for a second there's a
bombshell report in The New York Times
that says rod Rosen Stein considered
even sarcastically wearing a wire to
record the President of the United
States and discuss the possibility of
using the 25th amendment to oust him
doesn't that give President the
president just caused to fire him well
Katie what I'm concerned about is two
things here first
rod Rosen Stein would certainly not be
the first senior administration official
to muse about whether or not the
president really is fit to serve if Bob
Woodward's book fear teaches us anything
it's that this seasoned senior
journalist was able to find dozens of
members of the administration willing to
share episodes large and small that
suggests real concern about the
president's attention span and ability
to execute on basic policy directive
signs the first one that's been named I
don't think that's the case I think Bob
Woodward actually named a number of
senior administration officials who were
alleged to have done things as blunt as
a pulling draft executive orders off the
president's desk in order to thwart his
attempts at doing something that was
unwise let me get to the real point
though here Katie which is that
protecting Bob Muller the special
counsel in his investigation is what
matters most to me the president may
well have grounds for a conversation
with rod Rosenstein my concern is who
would come next given that the president
continues to tweet and to speak in ways
that a threatened or
undermine the Independence of the
Attorney General of the Department of
Justice and the reliability with which
Bob Muller may be able to carry out his
investigation I think all of us in the
Senate Republican and Democrat should be
concerned about what would happen if the
president were to fire Rosen Stein so
you co-authored a bipartisan bill
earlier this year to protect Robert
Muller have you spoken to any of the
Republicans who have signed on to that
bill maybe senator tell us or Senator
Graham about where they stand now and
whether or not they're willing to push
Mitch McConnell to bring the bill to a
floor vote senator flake gave a floor
speech I think just last week in which
he called on Mitch McConnell to bring
this bill up for a vote
I think it's striking that this bill
that Senator Tillis and Graham senator
Booker and I introduced now well over a
year ago when we were we were told
initially when we introduced it he would
never get a hearing it got a hearing we
were then told it would never get a vote
it got a vote on committee and it came
out of the Judiciary Committee by a
strong bipartisan vote of 14 to 7 it's
ready for action on the floor I have
spoken to my co-sponsors in recent weeks
I will be talking to them today or
tomorrow because I think this latest
development should give all of us more
concern about the viability of Robert
Muller's investigation as Lindsey Graham
himself has said senator Graham himself
has said it is in president Trump's best
interest to have this investigation go
all the way through to completion I
think it may uncover more deeply
concerning materials or facts about the
possibility of collusion between Russia
and the Trump campaign others in the
Senate believe it will clear president
Trump either way it is the only way the
American people can have confidence that
this investigation was done thoroughly
and completely let's talk about Brett
Kavanaugh and Thursday there's another
allegation that has come out against
Brett kavanah this one revealed in The
New Yorker and I'll read a bit a bit
from that article in her initial
conversations with The New Yorker she
was reluctant to characterize
Cavanaugh's role in the alleged incident
with certainty after six days of
carefully addressing her memories and
consulting with her attorney
Ramirez said that she felt confident and
of her recollections I think most of our
viewers know the story of what she's
claiming by now Cavanaugh has denied it
do you believe her I believe both dr.
Ford and Deborah Ramirez and I think
it's important that the Senate Judiciary
Committee show that 27 years after
professor Anita Hill another Yale Law
graduate came forward with alarming
accusations against then judge Thomas
that we are able to hear them the
question is whether their testimony will
be persuasive to those members of the
committee and of the Senate who have not
yet publicly made a decision about judge
Cavanaugh I think for us to make that
decision as a committee and a Senate we
should have testimony that's informed by
experts in how sexual assault and sexual
violence impacts memory and a
willingness to come forward and we
should have the FBI doing a prompt but
thorough further background
investigation of both of these
allegations are you reviewing other
allegations against Cavanaugh right now
or Senate Democrats aware of anything
else well I can't speak for all Senate
Democrats I can say I myself am not
directly aware of additional accusations
obviously there have been other rumors
there have been some press reports but
there's nothing else specifically that I
know of that I'm expecting to be
revealed in the next day or two
Republicans are now calling this a big
conspiracy they're claiming Democrats
are doing anything they can to try and
take down Brett Kavanaugh Mitch
McConnell gave a pretty fiery speech on
the floor of the Senate today and will
play a portion of that for you
Democrats have signaled for months
they'd put on whatever performance the
far-left special-interest demanded and
throw all the mud all the mud they could
manufacture it's not like they didn't
warn us but even by the far-left
standards this shameful shameful smear
campaign has hit a new low do you have a
response to Senator McConnell certainly
first the discounting by the majority
leader of the allegations brought
forward by dr. Ford and by Deborah
Ramirez as a shameful smear campaign is
exactly why so many victims of sexual
abuse and harassment don't come forward
they don't come forward because they are
slighted slandered treated with
disrespect in the case of dr. Ford she's
reported that she and her family have
had to move because of both harassment
online and death threats so first to
just dismiss out of hand as a shameful
smear campaign these allegations strikes
me as not what's appropriate in this
setting I'm second if we really were
interested in getting to the truth here
both parties would be recognizing that
dr. Ford and Deborah Ramirez have
nothing to gain in fact by bravely
coming forward with these allegations by
volunteering to be interviewed by the
FBI they're putting themselves at legal
risk and they've already suffered some
impacts for them and for their families
it is Judge Cavanaugh who is seeking a
lifetime appointment to the Supreme
Court and who I think now bears the
burden of disproving these allegations
rather than dr. Ford and miss Ramirez
who should be dismissed with slanderous
accusations I have two more questions I
hope to get through really quickly
Michael avenatti claims he has more
victims has he reached out to the
committee or have you reached out to
Michael AB nany anyone on the committee
to find out what he has
I have not reached out to Michael
avenatti and if he's got further
evidence he should come forward promptly
and then the other question is if
Cavanaugh is confirmed would you move
ahead to try and him peach impeach him
or investigate him if Democrats retake
control of the Senate well the Senate as
you know doesn't impeach it's the house
that impeaches and then the Senate that
renders the
one way or the other I think it's a
question for another day but I do think
the real issue that you're raising here
Katie is this if he's confirmed and
these allegations are not treated fully
and fairly and investigated then there
will be a cloud over judge Kavanagh
service on the Supreme Court if he's
confirmed it's certainly not a no sir
that's right I did not say no it's been
clear senator chris coons thank you very
much hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
