now tonight's beat special report on a
priority for voters in midterms that is
already going on if you follow the news
you hear about Russian meddling health
care FBI firings that's what gets
covered if you listen to Donald Trump
you've been hearing about
well immigration and nationalism but now
that we're in the homestretch what an
voters care about well I'll tell you
jobs in health care are still the top
priorities health care is the policy the
federal government has the most control
over it can fund to protect your health
care coverage or it can cut that support
as Donald Trump has proposed Obamacare
the Affordable Care Act has been
politically controversial but it has
been slowly working to get more
Americans health care since it passed in
2010 in fact you see there the
percentage of Americans with insurance
rising all the way up to 91% that is the
result of the policy if you fund private
health insurance and provide more
government insurance people get
insurance now along the way Republican
politicians have been fighting this law
with a strategy that has three pillars
and this is important for the midterms
repeal sabotage or discriminate repeal
means eliminate Obamacare if you can
sabotage means undercut it and if you
can't do that then they have been trying
to get corporations to discriminate
against six sick people well repeal of
course is the original promise from
House Republicans they voted on that
dozens of times Trump ran on it they
held that vote in July which failed
Republicans then turn to the sabotage
portion various bills to gut Obamacare
so it wouldn't work one bill would gut
the mandate to get health insurance and
Republicans voted for that it was so
close that you had the late Senator John
McCain giving it the crucial thumbs down
he argued that kneecapping part of
Obamacare with no replacement was
irresponsible and that was sabotage
which failed as well at the state level
though not the federal level Republicans
did try other things Obamacare not being
offered to citizens in 14 red states
that were basically refusing to do
Medicaid expansion those were efforts at
the hindering or the sabotage and that
makes this rising number of Americans
covered even more striking then before
we get to the midterms I want to show
you a final way some Republicans have
been opposing Obamacare trying to gut
one of its most popular protections for
people who are either sick
or might get sick you may have heard
about this as pre-existing conditions it
boils down to whether corporations can
discriminate against patients this week
the Trump administration has a new
effort to make that kind of
discrimination easier and they won't
defend that part of Obamacare in court
but it's not just Trump take Ted Cruz
who's campaigning for his life right now
he wanted to gut those positions those
protections a position that's so far to
the right he split with Texas's other
Republican senator over it now let me be
clear
Ted Cruz has every right to hold that
view even if it's unpopular but just as
the saying goes that no plan survives
first contact with the enemy
apparently no Cruz Obamacare plan is
surviving first contact with the voters
even in red Texas Cruz is gone from
calling Obamacare a nightmare to now
saying he agrees with everyone over
protecting those pre-existing conditions
this is a nightmare
repeal Obamacare and repeal it
we can protect pre-existing conditions
and even you need to understand everyone
agrees we're going to protect
pre-existing conditions everyone agrees
with that except for Ted Cruz from
earlier this year and most of his career
that's not all in midterm ads running
right now other Republicans also
defending that part of Obamacare I voted
to protect people with pre-existing
conditions we cannot go back to where we
were before Obamacare where people were
one diagnosis away from going bankrupt
I'm taking on both parties and fighting
for those with pre-existing conditions
those candidates voted to repeal
Obamacare including those pre-existing
condition protections so what do these
Republican candidates know are they
following this chart again that shows
Obama cares rising coverage rates in
America or are they following this chart
which shows in that black line on the
right the political support for
Obamacare has now surged to be most of
the country you got to wonder what Obama
officials are thinking as they watch all
of this their policy working apparently
so well that Republicans are running on
it even though they voted to repeal it
so for this special report tonight we
thought we'd ask well one of the key
voices on all this Obama's point /
and former health secretary kathleen
sebelius now this clip is gonna air
right now for the first time she just
told me these Republican ads are lies
and Democrats will rebut them all the
way through November we now see
Republicans at the state level and in
Congress trying to pretend they also
have been part of this bandwagon since
2010 and that just absolutely is not
true and they're trying to say oh I've
always been there I always believed in
protecting people and it's just flat-out
a lie
it's though I think Democrats need to
make it very clear this has been their
position all along that's starting to
happen Democrats have gone from avoiding
ads mentioning health care for the most
part to look at this most of their
midterm ads now hammer the issue and
while Trump talks immigration today both
Democratic congressional leaders were
posting about health care Sebelius also
telling me this is a life-and-death
issue for Americans people understand
how important it is and never want to go
back to the day where an insurance
company can pick and choose can
medically underwrite a condition or can
offer you a policy and eliminate any
part of your sickness a heart attack
survivor could be told well we'll cover
everything but anything to do with your
heart those policies were in place each
and every day when you put it like that
this kind of health discrimination
doesn't just sound unpopular it sounds
heartless and it seems that voters do
get that you see there the popularity
they may not think Obamacare is perfect
but they find it better than that GOP
alternative of repeal sabotage are
discriminate and finding that the
coverage is important now the GOP
sabotage strategy may also be faltering
among red state voters consider that
when people vote in two weeks it's not
just candidates look there's gonna be
four states that have ballot initiatives
to expand Medicaid all for them are red
Trump states you tie to Ho Nebraska in
Montana and in Utah polls show voters
supporting this in Idaho more than 60%
of voters oppose the Republican
politicians refusal to expand Obama's
Medicaid provision Nebraska we've seen
grassroots support on display it took
over a hundred thousand signatures to
get that on the
palette exceeding the requirement a
similar story in Montana so when you
take it all together it can take time
for truth about policy to get out but it
seems that voters even in the red states
are seeing that this law helps people
get health care which can be hard to get
or put it simply like the musician Big
Sean once said I'm rare as affordable
health care or going to wealth from
welfare and subsidizing insurance
appears to make that affordable health
care less rare an expanding Medicaid
well it helps people get well with or
without welfare hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
