I want to set the stage for you all of
this is coming out just three days three
days before we thought we were going to
have those once-in-a-lifetime Senate
hearings with judge Cavanaugh and his
first accuser Christine blossom Ford
testifying about what she describes as
an attempted rape when they were
teenagers the judge says the incident
never even happened but now that hearing
and Cavanaugh's entire confirmation is
up in the air after a second woman went
public on Sunday the report came out in
The New Yorker just about 12 hours ago
and it includes allegations from 53
year-old Deborah Ramirez about an
incident that she says happened when she
and Cavanaugh were classmates at Yale in
the 80s we should warn you there are
some language here that you certainly
could find unsuitable at this hour in
the morning according to The New Yorker
quote Ramirez remembers Kavanagh had
exposed himself at a drunken dorm party
thrust his penis in her face and caused
her to touch it without her consent as
she pushed him away quote I remember a
penis being in front of my face she said
I knew that's not what I wanted even in
that state of mind she remembers
Cavanaugh standing to her right and
laughing pulling up his pants Brett was
laughing she said I can still see his
face and his hips coming forward like
when you pull up your pants however this
is very important the magazine also says
quote Ramirez acknowledged that there
are significant gaps in her memories of
that evening and that if she ever
presents her story to the FBI or members
of the Senate she will be inevitably
pressed on her motivation for coming
forward after so many years and
questioned about her memory given the
fact that she was drinking at the party
in fact quote in her initial
conversations with the New Yorker
Ramirez was reluctant to characterize
Cavanaugh's role in the alleged incident
with certainty after six days of
carefully assessing her memories and
consulting with her attorney Ramirez
says she felt confident enough of her
own recollections to come forward it's
complicated Kavanagh says the alleged
event simply did not happen and says the
allegations are a smear plain and simple
the White House called it part of a
coordinated smear campaign and blamed
Democrats for trying to tear a good man
down so far there is very little
information to back up ramirez's
allegations The New Yorker says it was
unable to confirm with other
eyewitnesses the Kavanagh was actually
at the party Jean Mayer who co-authored
the story told Morning Joe that the best
she got was someone who says they heard
what happened after the fact there's a
very sober background source who was not
part of the party was not drunk heard
about it either
that night he thinks or the next day
when I asked him myself does he remember
this and and and is he sure that
Cavanaugh was the person he heard about
in this he said to me I am 100% sure the
New York Times says they had interviewed
several dozen people over the last week
in an attempt to corroborate the story
and could find no one with first-hand
knowledge miss Ramirez herself contacted
former Yale classmates asking if they
recalled the incident and told some of
them that she could not be certain mr.
Cavanaugh was the person who exposed
himself this morning Kellyanne Conway
appeared on CBS this morning and said
the whole thing feels like a conspiracy
listen I know there's pent up demand for
women to get their day women who have
been sexually harassed sexually
assaulted and I personally am very
aggrieved for all of them but are we
going to put decades of pent up demand
for women to feel hold on one man's
shoulders what exactly is the standard
for ruining one man's life based on
decades of allegations that have nothing
to do with him
visiting upon other men including in the
media hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
