we are into early voting in two weeks
out from election day and both sides are
sharpening their brands and their
marketing campaign so who better join us
then Donny Deutsch a branding and
marketing expert and he knows messaging
better than many he helped transform
Deutsch who wants a small print
advertising boutique firm into a quote
swaggering ad firm Wow
yeah we pulled that out yeah yeah now
Donny I'm gonna get right to it here's
the GOP echoing Trump on this message of
fear Democrats want to open voters which
equals massive crime coming into our
country a highest crime rate in the
state of Florida we absolutely need to
stress public safety secure border every
day sanctuary cities are unleashing
vicious predators and bloodthirsty
killers he supports sanctuary cities
that is radical that is reckless and
that is not the state of Texas the
policies of their party are just extreme
frankly they're dangerous
we can't let Jon Tester and the radical
liberal resistance win this November you
don't have the wall you don't have a
border what you have is you have
infiltration of drugs we gotta build the
wall we need to build it to keep Mexican
meth out of Montana communities he has
an echo is it working first let me say
if you're an American and you're not
repulsed by the racism the xenophobia
the the entire we're gonna get into some
of these Republican ads that it is
Mexican versus white it is black versus
white it is Muslim versus white you
don't this thing what this country is
built on is it working it's working with
his base at the end of the day Americans
are gonna have this election is no
longer to be about donald trump's who we
are and americans are gonna have to
decide who we are what they believe in
and that small section in the middle not
the 40% he's gonna have to make that
decision you're saying that the message
here is arguing against the founding
ethic of america which is we are an open
country we're a fair country that's what
we are built on and particularly some of
the ads that they are running are so
xenophobic or so
racist or so hate and fear mongering
it's disgusting and it's repulsive
and this is a time and Kamala Harris was
talking about this this is now a
gut-check for who we are because when
you see some of these messages if you're
an American and you don't revile for
them then you're not repulsed by them
then you don't understand who we are as
a country and what would be built on
well-put and I think it goes to what
these closing arguments look like which
we've been covering you know throughout
tonight's show I want to show you as
well the other side of this we just gave
the Republicans some time let's give the
Democrats some time the messaging we're
seeing from them depends on the district
far less nationalized absolutely there's
anti-trump ISM there's healthcare which
is the national is because they don't
have a daily spokesperson that's the
events like them or not there is a daily
they don't have a tweeter and take a
look at an array of democratic messaging
pre-existing conditions you get a little
bit sick hmm they might drop you off
your cover that's not what an insurance
system is supposed to be that Supreme
Court process let's speak the truth that
it was a denial of justice for the women
of this country you know he'll be able
to stand up for the fade a lender's and
you know he'll be able to stand up to a
legislature that's the most the most
retrograde legislature in the United
States of America this is a simple
argument for the Republican side it's be
scared because our borders are wide open
and we're letting all the criminals in
and on the Democratic side they're gonna
take health care away and they're the
pre-existing conditions are not gonna
work one is a much more left-brain
argument the other is a right-brain
argument what worries me is sometimes
the right-brain arguments win because
they're emotional and it's their
fear-based but that's kind of real the
table is set when you did corporate ads
you're selling a product to this
positive brand in politics as we know
people need negative branding the
Democrats struggle with that because
they try to be the nicer party I'm being
broad but I think compared to this
President that's fair to say and there's
nothing wrong with being nice well what
about picking a fight let me show you
for our next cut for urinalysis
Democrats trying to find a corporate
boogeyman
take a look dear congressman corbello
I thought you had our backs but you
don't you voted with Trump almost 85% of
time you voted the hand a trillion
dollar tax cut to the wealthy and big
corporations when big corporations call
troy ball derson answers he backs their
huge tax giveaway that's led to record
profits now the bill is due and you're
going to pay for it you guys paid for
this but what's happening now not a joke
mark my words if we do win we knock the
house in the Senate they are gonna
drastically cut Social Security once
again that that's the top time you up
the beat that they're gonna go after
Medicaid they're gonna go after Social
Security and they're gonna go up to
pre-existing conditions and that's gonna
be the constant theme through the
Democrats the Democrats can't go after
Trump anymore it didn't work in 2016
Trump is baked in everybody knows Trump
lies everybody knows Trump who he is you
can't just point that the boogeyman
anymore you've got to really give them
tangible reasons why they should be
afraid on the Democratic side and those
are some very real reasons well you have
given out advice that some are ignoring
now people ignore Donny Deutsch at their
peril sir yeah but I'm gonna play you a
couple ads that are Democrats basically
doing that obsessing over Trump take a
look Barbara Comstock might as well be
Barbara Trump stock Barbara Trump stock
agrees voting with Trump 98% of the time
side table how much was your tax cut it
was uh who's not a lot sir yeah but for
someone like side table not a lot is
actually quite a bit ninety-nine bottles
up here on the wall 99 bottles up here
how often does Mimi Walters vote with
Donald Trump ninety-nine percent of the
time no I'm making a different point
what look in districts that are clearly
anti Trump who attacks yourself you got
more Trump you don't want that saves on
the flip side the Republicans you touch
the Trump if he's working I'm talking
about ads that are basically saying
Donald Trump is a liar and and Donald
Trump is throw out like we got that so
obsessed with his aisle and how we can't
do that anymore
we've got to do the very hard left print
arguments I'm actually launching you can
a team that we put together with the DNC
in a couple of days that really hit
healthcare but do it in a very emotional
different kind of decent way than it's
been
before which means what you'll see a
couple of days but we're using a very
different type of tactic that I think is
going to cut through that's going to be
a bit of a National overlay obviously
there's a lot of hand-to-hand combat
daily warfare in the in the in the
individual races but if I'm not mistaken
you just embedded at ease within this G
I did T's I think on Morning Joe on
Thursday morning you'll see some Network
unveiled but the thing that really
scares me you didn't show some of them
some of the Republican ads out there or
out now there's a there's an
african-american congressman running in
the Catskills in New York who was once a
rapper Antonio del guy yeah and the coin
him a New York City rapper don't let
that New York City we have that okay you
didn't know we had that but we have that
we'll take a look at that the big-city
rapper Antonio Delgado supports their
radical government takeover of health
care we can't afford big-city liberal
Antonio Delgado
a markup on a jar is working to
infiltrate Congress these are three
different names to hide his family's
ties to terrorism markup on a job a risk
we can't ignore those were the three ads
the second one xenophobic that is a
congressman who was speaking Chinese
because he was trying to make a
statement I'm not quite sure what he was
actually speaking but his state the big
was Lorien Korea I'm sorry if that's
right they were speaking Korean to say
that he was hoping there was peace not
anything about jobs deployed to suggest
that that's what was about is disgusting
as far as the first one
basically what they're saying is that
black guy that city guy because he
rapped at one point he's gonna stand for
radical takeover of your health care and
the third one which was also was equally
this his grandfather was involved that
he's never met was before he was born
was involved in Munich attacks but to
paint him with that it's the same brush
it's if you're not white they're coming
to get you all right they're coming to
take your jobs they come to take your
kids and it comes to the time we have a
president saying he's proud to be a
quote nationalist Gary stuff Donny
Deutsch appreciate your expertise and
your moral clarity on some of these
issues that require it hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
