day6 ten of the Trump administration
there is an avalanche of news as America
heads into yet another weekend we have
just learned that attorneys for dr.
Christine Blasi Ford have asked Senate
Judiciary Committee members for more
time to decide if she will testify about
her accusation against Supreme Court
nominee and federal judge Brett
Kavanaugh we'll have much more on that
still developing story just ahead the
other story were covering tonight this
explosive report from the New York Times
about Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein he of course the one in
charge of the Muller investigation Times
reporters Adam Goldman and Michael
Schmitt report the Rosen Stein
considered secretly recording President
Trump and even discussed invoking the
25th amendment to remove Trump Goldman
and Schmidt right quote mr. Rosen Stein
made these suggestions in the spring of
17 when mr. Trump's firing of James
Comey as FBI director plunged the White
House into turmoil mr. Rosen Stein made
the remarks about secretly recording mr.
Trump and about the 25th amendment and
meetings and conversations with other
Justice Department and FBI officials
several people described the episodes in
interviews over the past several months
the people were briefed either on the
events themselves or on memos written by
FBI officials including Andrew McCabe
then the acting Bureau director the
article continues quote none of mr.
Rosen Stein's proposals apparently came
to fruition it is not clear how
determined he was about seeing them
through though he did tell mr. McCabe he
might be able to persuade Attorney
General Jeff Sessions and John Kelly
then the Secretary of Homeland Security
now the White House chief of staff to
mount an effort to invoke the 25th
The Times report adds that Rosenstein
was serious in raising the idea of
wearing a wire himself to secretly
record the president somehow and that he
mentioned it on a different occasion
Justice Department officials tell NBC
News that Rosen Stein's remarks were not
meant seriously according to a senior
DOJ official at a meeting on may 16 of
2017 quote Rosen Stein was arguing with
Andrew McCabe about the president
according to a senior Justice Department
of
well what do you want me to do Andy wear
a wire Rosenstein asked at the meeting
which also included FBI lawyer lisa page
and for career DOJ officials according
to this senior official this official
and a source who was in the room
characterized Rosen Stein's remark as
sarcastic another person in that meeting
tells NBC News that Rosen Stein was
making a serious comment and the
aforementioned senior DOJ official also
tells NBC News that there was a brief
mention of the 25th amendment with any
note written later by former FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe and that
Rosenstein did not raise the matter
tonight Rosenstein released this
statement quote I never pursued or
authorized recording the president and
any suggestion that I have ever
advocated for the removal of the
president is absolutely false
Andrew McCabe's attorney has also
responded at the Times account which
cited his memos in a statement that
reads in part the attorney says McCabe
quote gave all of his metals classified
and unclassified to the special counsels
office a set of those memos remained at
the FBI at the time of his departure
late January of 18 he has no knowledge
of how any member of the media obtained
those memos McCabe you'll recall fired
earlier this year after relentless
attacks by the president in an apparent
effort to discredit the bureau's work on
the Russia investigation during a rally
in Springfield Missouri earlier this
evening the President had this to say
about federal law enforcement just look
at what is now being exposed in our
Department of Justice and the FBI look
at what's going on look at what's going
on
and I want to tell you we have great
people in the Department of Justice we
have great people these are people I
really believe you take a poll I got to
be at 95% but you had some real bad ones
you seen what's happened at the FBI
they're all gone
they're all gone they're all gone but
there's a lingering stench and we're
gonna get rid of that - on that note
joining us to talk about it by telephone
Michael Schmidt Pulitzer prize-winning
Washington correspondent with the New
York Times and happens to be co-author
of this Times article in question so
Michael you chose to focus on these
eight days in 2017 remind us how alarmed
Rod Rosenstein was at that period and
what heightened his alarm well brother
Stein was unnerved he had played a
significant role in the Comey firing he
had provided the memo the White House
used it the rationale for it saying the
Comey had been too harsh on Hillary
Clinton and had handled that
investigation incorrectly then
Rosenstein was being criticized sharply
for basically helping create a what was
believed to be a fake story about why
they fired him and Rosen Stein's sort of
lost it he became unnerved he was very
emotional he was very upset he said
things that were at times irrational and
didn't really add up with what was going
on around him in that period of time he
discussed two things that we found
particularly interesting one of them was
about wiring a wire and the other was
about the 25th amendment for us this
provided a window into what was going on
at the Justice Department at this
crucial time as the Justice Department
made the ultimate decision the
extraordinary decision of appointing a
special counsel to investigate the
present United States Michael how long
have you been reporting out the story
weeks months it's we've been looking at
this issue for months this is something
this is sort of the time time for God
the period has been overlooked because
it ends with smaller being appointed in
the story goes an entirely new direction
but we've been looking at this for
months and trying to figure out what
happened there
and when we felt comfortable with the
information that we had we move forward
with our story
in light of Rosen Stein's second denial
the statement we quoted just a few
minutes ago was statement number to put
out subsequently tonight because it's
all about context are you certain you
and your co-author that you got the
context right on Sirius versus sarcasm
yes and there's a particular reason why
in the meeting frozen Stein was asked
are you serious and he said yes I am
and then proposed wiring up FBI
officials who were going in to meet with
the President to be the FBI director now
other folks have gone for the notion
that this was sarcastic was just a joke
but Rosen Stein also brought it up later
in the day those two pieces of
information led us to a point where we
said look this was a serious thing and
that's the reason why we wrote the story
the way we did hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
