last night the president asked a
question about the sexual assault
allegation against Brett Kavanaugh a
question that he knows the answer to to
see what's going on is just very very
sad you say why didn't somebody call the
FBI 36 years ago Donald Trump knows why
confessed sexual assaulters like Donald
Trump know the answer to that question
that's why people like Donald Trump
repeatedly sexually assault women as he
is accused of doing throughout his
entire adulthood and as he boasted about
on that Access Hollywood video when he
describes his preferred methods of
sexual assault there are now hundreds of
thousands of answers to Donald Trump's
question on Twitter under the hashtag
why I didn't report sexual assaulters
know why women don't report that is what
sexual assaulters are counting on that
they will never be reported and I hope
that I'm just one of millions of men who
spent a couple of hours today reading
those answers thousands of them contain
an identical line word-for-word no one
would believe me
it keeps recurring as a haunting refrain
as you read why I didn't report Angela
Ward said I was 17 and he was my best
friend and told me no one would believe
me
he had more friends than I did in his
parents new mine and I thought I would
be blamed why I didn't report Darryl
Hannah said I did it didn't matter I was
dismissed disparaged and I still get
blamed why I didn't report Paisley
flowers said the first time I was 8
years old the second time I was 12 both
times I was frozen with fear I didn't
tell anyone for fear no one would
believe me I was a little girl and I was
terrified
I still haven't told I still freeze up
when I think about it why I didn't
report Amy Vanderpool said I was
humiliated I knew everyone would found
find out I was afraid it would ruin my
professional reputation before I had
even started I was afraid they would not
believe me
let him hold my grade back I was afraid
they would not let me graduate from law
school why I didn't report Chrissie said
why I didn't report because I was a new
private in the Army deployed overseas
and I didn't know anyone I trusted him
because he was my NCO everyone loved him
he could do no wrong no one would have
believed me Cindi McFarland said at 13 I
was given a list of questions that would
be asked if I reported most were
accusatory no traumatized
thirteen-year-old is going to agree to
that when I tried to report a few years
later the question was do you have proof
why I didn't report jessica ver even
said the first thing I wanted to do
after being raped was take a shower and
shower again and again and again to get
the feeling of being violated off of me
with support from friends I did attempt
to report it and I was told that there
was no proof because I showered why I
didn't report
Christina Reynolds of Emily's list added
an important footnote when reading these
stories she said but why I didn't report
tweets are powerful but please
understand that those are only coming
from people comfortable about talking
about what happened to them in some way
there are many people who are still
silent this represents just a portion of
the problem we face as a society
Maureen Shaw said I was only 15 and
scared nobody would believe me or worse
would blame me
I was scared he would do it again if I
told anyone it was and still is
humiliating to recount such profoundly
sexual violent details I didn't want to
break my parents hearts why I didn't
report and so parents of daughters have
a big job to do don't ever let your
daughters feel that they can break your
hearts by telling you the truth and
parents of sons have a much more
important job to do stop the violence do
not let your
guns grow up to be the guy that did that
to maureen Shaw or to anyone else thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
