while Republicans talk about migrant
hordes and mobs of Democrats and
grievances over Kavanagh they are
largely ignoring any talk about their
legislative accomplishments or lack
thereof for example there isn't much
talk from the Republican December 2017
tax bill that overwhelmingly benefited
corporations and the very wealthy and
shortly after it passed by the way
president I've even told his pals at
mar-a-lago he just made them all quote a
lot richer he was open about it the bill
which the majority of Americans do not
support cost a trillion a half dollars
exploding of course the deficit
according to a new study by Democrats on
the Congressional Joint Economic
Committee the estimated two trillion
dollar cost of Republicans overall tax
cuts of nearly dollar-for-dollar is
nearly dollar dollar that to trade now
is the same amount that they're going to
cut from Medicare Medicaid and Social
Security and the affordable care act
well last week Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell blames social safety
nets for the exploding deficit they're
responsible it's very disturbing and
it's driven by the three big entitlement
programs that are very popular Medicare
Social Security and Medicaid while
campaigning for Bill Nelson down in
Florida Joe Biden the former vice
president seized on the news to motivate
voters let's watch Joe Biden and now
McConnell the senator from Kentucky
turns around he says he's
straightforward he said we've got this
gigantic debt now we have to cut Social
Security and Medicare and Medicaid folks
folks they're being straight up about it
they're coming at it this is what people
desperately need and they've never been
able to take away from us before and I
want to tell you something if we that
bill does not win and we don't take back
downs and Senate they will take it away
well that kind of how they talk like a
regular guy in the corner did it so the
guy turns around and he does this this
is so Madeline Dean thank you so much
you're at state representative from
Montgomery County Pennsylvania to the
fourth congressional district you're
running there let me ask you about this
amazing mood they cut taxes for the very
wealthy and then they say oh we got this
big deficit probably didn't notice
before so we got to fix the deficit
problem which was caused by the tax cuts
by cutting Social Security Medicare it's
pretty broad daylight robbery your
thoughts well this is not my
grandfather's Republican Party I'll tell
you that but it is the PlayBook that
we're seeing it's a pretty despicable
playbook give away more than a trillion
dollars explode the deficit then pretend
they didn't do that and say oh my
goodness the only thing we can do then
is to cut Medicare Medicaid Social
Security your your health care under the
Affordable Care Act it's a very
despicable play
it's transparently wrong for America and
that's one of the reasons I'm running
for Congress
you know people went to college I've
looked at the late number latest numbers
and you know them representative what
happened to 16 people that went to
college tend to be more for against
Trump those who didn't go to college or
again for more it for him why would a
working-class person a regular person
who didn't get a college break in their
life why would they be for Trump
what's the break they get out of it I
don't well you tell me why they how they
explain it to you if they do well what I
can what I can tell you is what I see at
the doors and with middle-class working
people they're caring about their
families they're worried about health
care number one bread-and-butter issue
as I knock on doors they're worried
about health care what are you going to
do don't tear down the Affordable Care
Act don't repeal it make sure you
protect pre-existing conditions can my
kids stay on my policy till they're 26
can you do something to reduce the price
of prescription drugs and make health
care affordable to all so working
families that's what they care about not
the direction of this administration you
it's really important to me you're
reporting you're really reporting this
me so when you knock on doors which I
love the fact you're doing
they actually say let me tell you matter
Madeleine this is what I care about
that's what they say that's what they
say that's what they care about they're
worried about their kids they're worried
about their parents they're worried
about the affordability and the access
to excellent healthcare they know that
how well they're able to keep their
family healthy will determine their
future will determine their economic
status that's the number one
bread-and-butter issue at the doors
the second issue at the doors Chris that
I think you're going to be very familiar
with I was knocking on doors and
Twickenham and got caught in the rain
and I said to a gentleman what do you
care about here's why I'm running what
do you care about and the man said to me
a single word decency will you bring
back decency to public service well I
went to high school in your district I
care about LaSalle high schools right in
your district your kids go let me just
tell you I was last week I have so high
school he teaches I spoke with on
Saturday they said they can't get their
kids to behave because the kids say the
president doesn't he makes fun of people
their looks he may eBay call it thank
may people's names it's horrible it's
permeating right down to the reality of
the kids we're raising this president is
a bad example thank you for saying that
so much state represent my land Dean
running for United States Congress in
Montgomery County Pennsylvania for more
right now I'm gonna bring in Thank You
the great I have to say the great
Anthony scare Moochie authored the new
book Trump the blue collar president
mooch I love this idea because I don't
know the answer but I guess I do David
Brooks and his calm today say the
culture is more important than economics
is that why this nationalism of trumps
this concern about the caravan that all
that stuff is that out selling people's
basic bread-and-butter concerns that
represents just gave us about their
social security when they retire their
Medicare their Obamacare every day of
their lives
yeah I mean I think that's a good part
of it but I also think that there's a
there's an economic discussion they
believe the president they they believe
that he's putting policies in place that
are gonna allow their jobs to come back
you know the Wall Street Journal two
Saturdays ago Chris reported that the
lower 10% of the country is experiencing
some wage growth something that is
also happening is by cutting the illegal
immigration at the border he's taken the
slack out of the african-american and
Hispanic American labor markets and
those markets have tightened and also
migrant allowed for some increase in
wages so what a trickle-down you're
arguing basically scare Moochie you're
selling trickle-down that means if you
give huge tax cuts the --marla go crowd
some-some economic potential will drip
down to the regular people that's
actually I actually know actually that's
a piece on the on the increase of wages
from the immigration I'm not I'm not
selling trickled down I'm not one of
those trickle-down sort of people
frankly I was more in the camp of
pay-as-you-go you're old enough to
remember the pay-as-you-go legislation
that dick darman put in place for George
Herbert Walker Bush where they put some
guardrails on the Congress and Bill
Clinton adhere to the page you go
legislations remember 1990 that's not
like I had to come before the lake you
talk about laker the late Dick tarm a
great person sure a very smart guy
you're putting guardrails on the
Congress so that we didn't have this
exact excessive deficit spending and so
to me I don't like the spending at all I
mean Republicans have consistently said
that they don't want to do this spending
and they want to tighten up on the
budget and then they spend like drunken
sailor so let's I'm not a big
fan of that I don't like let me ask you
about the other end of the mitch
mcconnell who I think is a smart
politician when it comes to saving his
own rear end he's good at survival but
he's coming out for it right now on the
beginning of it two weeks for an
election saying we got to go out and cut
Social Security Medicare Medicaid those
programs you know I'll give this speech
every night the average family in this
country and scrander anywhere else is
not greedy they just want what they have
Social Security Medicare Medicaid if
they get Alzheimer's and some jobs
somewhere nearby their kids can get and
stay come home once in a while that's
all they want
why wouldn't Mitch cut Mitch McConnell
be so stupid on an even of a likes to
say we're going after Social Security
Medicare why is he doing it it's Trump
for that you know I actually think if
you ask the president directly he's
probably not for it I die you know he
always talks about trying to take care
of everybody I think we I think Mitch is
basically trying to galvanize his base I
think this nonsense with the
the caravan is based galvanizing I don't
like the transgender thing they float
the transgendered thing to get further
galvanize the base so those things I'm
not in love with but what I do try to
describe in the book and you sort of
grew up like I did I grew up in this
middle-class family my dad was a
blue-collar laborer for a good part of
his life an hourly worker and I talked
about how we grew up and I talked about
how my cousin's ones a clamor ones in
Auto glass installation they loved the
president I'm trying to explain to
explain to me why Trump who grew up with
a millions of dollars of his kitty yeah
I just stark away then and he he had a
golden golden toilet he liked it Sinatra
figure why do people look up to him as
like the old days with Sinatra and all
the money in the world they consider him
one of them well ice Trump one of them
sold to reduce the nacho grew up in
Hoboken he still thought and spoke like
them it's a little different with the
president the president basically for
whatever reason in his early life
working with his dad he developed a
knack for these people I tell a great
story in the book where they forgave
some rental situations on people that
were laid off it shows a lot of
compassion again you don't have to like
the president and you can dispute the
president's facts and we can see 5,000
different facts and consistencies but
it's base doesn't care Chris my message
to people that don't like the president
his base likes him read my book as we
shall understand from my point
I mean question why don't you why didn't
you go to the president when when Kelly
sacked you why didn't you go over his
head and say my Aloia leads to the
president do you Kelly how did you do
that not not the right thing to do in
that situation he was the White House
chief of staff the president empowered
him as the chief of staff and let's say
I did that and I've got a long term
relationship with the president and he
kept me on the job then John Kelly and I
would have been warring there have been
all that nonsensical leaking that goes
on that I can't stand and I didn't want
to create more dissension for the
president he made a decision to go with
John Kelly that was his starting pitcher
it was time for me to go on waivers as a
result of that I don't like the way I
don't like the way Kelly fired me by the
way I just think that
of you very very bowing who's gonna win
the series
it's a read it's a read Saxon five and I
tell you the Republicans are close on
the midterm so you know it's a lot
closer than people thinking you could
just ask Bernie Sanders he was
commenting on it a little disagree I
think the Democrats gonna win the house
handily who's gonna win a series though
let's talk let's talk schools I'm gonna
watch the series all seven games Thank
You Anthony
Red Sox and five hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
