been with us he's an MSNBC legal analyst
editor-in-chief of law fair it's also a
friend of former FBI director James
Comey and certainly has had his share of
memorialized memos to deal with back in
the day
okay let's go back to this period how
aware were you at the time of this I
guess the picture that's painted by the
New York Times is of a chaotic unclear
picture Rosen Stein McCabe going what
the heck just happened to call me how
chaotic was it well so I'm you know
obviously Comey wasn't there anymore so
but the look there was clearly a period
of significant chaos and The Times has
reported on that before and it
culminated in the appointment of Mahler
but it didn't go away because there was
no FBI director there was an FBI acting
director whom the president clearly
hated all right and had character
assassinated up via Twitter exactly
months and who you know we now know he
was on the phone with asking how it felt
to have a wife who was a loser remember
and so there was a lot of signs that
this was a very chaotic period at
justice and that and at and at FBI I you
know I think that this is a sort of
extreme example of it but there are it's
not the first story come out about this
period timing is everything okay the
timing of this this is literally in this
week the president has wanted to
declassify these fights applications
which clearly has gotten gotten the
United States crosswise right now with
some of the our key the five eyes that
want a big story by the end today but he
also wanted to release all these text
messages of Comey Strock page mccabe all
of his favorite sort of the greatest
hits of his twitter feed and then lo and
behold here's this I mean as George will
put it you look at a story like this and
you're like all right who benefits and
and and it gets to motive right are you
on this so
short answer I don't know but I do think
who stands to benefit well I do think
that you know I noticed that that Andy
McCabe's lawyers have been assiduous in
saying that he had nothing to do with
this and that they had nothing to do
with this that they confirm the but
they're essentially confirming the
content I do think that you know if you
are anemic Abe and I'm not making any
accusation but I do think if you're if
you're Andy McCabe and you are under
investigation for false statements has
even brought before the grand jury yet I
do not know that you know that one got
him panel well we know that there is a
there is an investigation of the matter
and I I think you know having there be a
record out there of the activity that
was going on in that period does stand
to make any possible prosecution look
like political retaliation now that is
not saying that Andy McCabe or his
lawyers are saying it whether for this
but he would benefit perhaps sure I also
think that anybody so among the list of
thing people who would benefit anybody
who really dislikes rod Rosen's time and
wants and rod is not the most popular
guy and in the building right now and
you've left or right right rigs a rear
or political so anybody who really wants
to make rod Rosen Stein look bad at a
perilous moment where the president
really wants to get rid of him really
wants to get rid of the Attorney General
this is a great way to do it doesn't the
president have cause of course I mean
he's been looking for cause that doesn't
look like some way he's trying to cover
up I mean has he not been handed costs
no no causes the wrong is the wrong
concept here the the Deputy Attorney
General serves at the pleasure of the
President he doesn't need cause as as
rod Rosen Stein himself made clear about
you know about Jim Comey yeah he can be
dismissed anytime for any reason or for
no reason
the amazing thing given how much the
president hates him is and you know says
it
is that he's still there at all so I
mean does this provide a basis if the
president wants to get rid of rod Rosen
Stein for doing so sure on the other
hand the president had an adequate basis
in his own mind yesterday so I'm not
really sure other than perhaps providing
a public text for it what it changes
well actually though let me let flip the
question this way what if he doesn't
what message does that send
it almost allows for insubordination
like this it's he's okay if people are
plotting behind his back and he says I
know it does send a different message it
sends exactly the same message as it
sends when Bob Woodward publishes an
account of Jim mattis getting off the
phone with the president getting a
direct order about how to what to do in
Syria and saying to his staff we're not
going to do any of that it sends the
message that the president can be not
listened to and this president has said
that message he talks tough but in fact
he tolerates a kind of insubordination
that none of his predecessors tolerated
you know one thing that gets lost here
is the investigation itself I've always
said why are it why is everybody acting
in a way that you say shouldn't you stay
in your lane should you follow the
process that ultimately it's because
they're alarmed at what the substance of
the investigation is finding is that the
issue here I'm sure it is I mean if you
were unafraid of the substance of the
Moller investigation why on earth would
you be spending time on this why why
wouldn't you say what in fact they said
at the beginning of the Moller
investigation which is you know happy to
have this investigated we're going to
cooperate in every way we can and and
you know whatever they need we're gonna
give them your bob muller today how you
feeling about the future of your probe I
think if you're Bob Muller you can take
in it one day at a time for a long time
and there are ups and downs and today's
a weird one and you're gonna keep doing
your job until somebody makes you stop
been with us like ice
you have your own familiarity with
memorialized memos that get leaked and
things like this that's like no I had
nothing do you know I know you didn't
but you end up having to be the
explainer I suppose I did some
explaining but I was not the camera I
know you were not the channel but you
were content for that I'm aware of but
you are you have been our narrator or
explainer which is nothing wrong with
that that's a good thing it's a
compliment Ben I'm proud of it
fair enough all right then witness is
always certain thank you hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
