right and meet the midterms it is now
actually midterm time Election Day is 46
days from now but that's really sort of
the election end voting is officially
underway in the 28 midterm elections
right now in-person absentee and early
voting starts today in four states
Minnesota South Dakota Vermont and
Wyoming it begins tomorrow in New Jersey
voters in 33 states and the District of
Columbia have the opportunity to cast
their ballots before Election Day this
year that doesn't include three states
Oregon Washington Colorado that are
using all-male voting systems so they'll
get their ballots in the mail in a
couple weeks a lot of voting happening
right now so if you think you know what
you're doing you can do it now or you
can wait til the deadline in November
warm to be daily when we come back hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
