now to an NBC News exclusive interview
Sandra Ford mendler is kristinb lassie
Ford's sister-in-law she co-authored the
letter of support written by dr. Ford's
family yesterday and she joins me now in
her first television interview ever I
want to thank you so much for being here
thank you it's nice to be here I think
first question and most important
question Sandra have you spoken to your
sister-in-law how is she doing
Krissy is responding to text messages
and she's really not speaking with us by
phone which I completely understand
so we've been in contact and she's
hanging in there it's been difficult
based on the tone of the text messages I
know you don't want to get into any
specifics about that but based on the
tone how is she holding up through this
we understand that she's gotten death
threats she's had to move out of her
home yeah so she's worried about safety
for herself and her family and and it's
a difficult time and I you know I really
respect that she's trying to do the
right thing and it's been a difficult
time I want to get you to respond to
something that President Trump said
today he went on Twitter essentially
attacked your sister-in-law he said this
and I'm gonna just let you respond he
says I have no doubt that if the attack
on dr. Ford was as bad as she says
charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities by either her or her loving
parents I asked that she bring those
filings forward so that we can learn
date time and place your response so for
me the issue really is that Chrissy a
great cost to herself decided that it
was her civic responsibility when the
background checks were being done for
Cavanaugh to come forward confidentially
with information she's a researcher and
she's a science
and she understands the value of
information and she came forward
confidentially back in July with
information that she thought should be
part of the investigation and so I had
the utmost respect for the way she
handled this and only when her name
leaked out and she started the story
started being told incorrectly did she
take a deep breath and come forward and
allow her identity to be known and to
discuss this so I think that a leader of
this country when a citizen comes
forward and says this is difficult but I
think you need to know that the leader
of this country should say thank you
we'll look into it so I think she took
you know she's being she's participating
in our process and and she should be
thanked for coming forward and it should
be investigated fully you're the
president seems to be suggesting that
your sister-in-law is not telling the
truth
what do you say to that give any reason
to doubt these allegations that she's
making against judge Cavanaugh well for
me knowing Chrissy for many years since
2001 I have no doubt that she's telling
the truth because Chrissy is somebody
who is she's a private person she's a
modest person she is focused on her
family and coaching her students through
their dissertation process and she has a
very full life and she is a very serious
person and there's no reason why she
would fabricate this
I feel a hundred percent certain that
she is sharing a difficult and painful
memory and it's being very careful to be
accurate with everything that she says
so I feel no doubt on that said oh did
she ever talk to you about this alleged
incident
no not directly and so that's you know
that's part of our family we we are
close we share time together we don't
you know I know we didn't talk about it
it's it's a private thing and I'm not
surprised honestly that we didn't
because you know this isn't something
it's just private and difficult it is
private yeah it is private and difficult
and you talk about how close you are did
you ever get this sense that there was
something that that maybe she was hiding
that she was keeping to herself I never
thought she was hiding anything I knew
like most people I know like myself that
that there are issues that couples work
through and there issues that
individuals work through I think working
with a therapist is a healthy process
and I knew that she had been engaging in
in therapy and I was supportive of that
and so I think that's a normal normal
and healthy thing for an adult and I
didn't pry to ask specifically the
details of what they were discussing and
and when did you first learn Sandra
about these allegations was it when when
the world learned yes it was
and I think Chrissy was making every
effort to keep it confidential and and
to be careful with the story and the
information and so yes I did learn it at
that same time and and your reaction
when when you heard this oh I feel so
sympathetic I mean I I feel proud of her
for stepping forward like I said I think
she's really focused on raising her boys
to be good good men and
and I was just I'm proud of her for
having the courage to face this
situation and and like I said before I
don't think she ever expected it was
going to come out quite this way but I
think she's doing what we should be
expecting each other to do in this
country and we've been trying to sort of
help our viewers not only throughout
this hour but but through our coverage
to understand why sometimes people don't
speak out initially particularly when
they are teenagers particularly when
they are young do you have a sense or
have you had any conversations with your
sister-in-law about why she didn't share
this if she didn't at the time it's
completely understandable to me on why
she didn't share this at the time so I
just think that it's completely
understandable to me and this is part of
our culture we live in and she overnight
through her attorneys said to lawmakers
on Capitol Hill effectively that she
would be willing to testify on Thursday
she did have some other asks of what the
hearing would look like Republicans have
now made their counteroffer for what
they're willing to accept including
saying the hearing should be on
Wednesday they want Judge Cavanaugh to
speak second after your sister-in-law do
you think she's going to appear on
Wednesday I don't understand why there's
a rush I think that we have a process
where Supreme Court nominees that will
serve for life are vetted and I don't
understand why there's a rush do you do
you have any sense that that she might
consider appearing on Wednesday and I
take your point and I think a lot of
people agree with what you're saying
given that the committee is saying we'd
like to have this Wednesday do you think
she would consider appearing on
Wednesday I don't have anything to offer
on that what I have to offer is that she
is a serious person she's a family
person
she is she's she her expertise is
statistics she is so careful about
information and never exaggerating
results she's she's a very serious and
thoughtful and generous person and I
think she as a thoughtful and serious
person wants the process to be fair and
I don't think that's too much to ask and
I don't know why it should be a rush and
that's just me but I think for her that
she wants I don't know I think she wants
to avoid a situation that is not the
right process mm-hmm and part of that
she says there should be an FBI
investigation she's not demanding it but
she's been very firm that she wants to
see that how critical do you think that
is well I don't can't imagine why there
wouldn't be an FBI investigation that's
how she originally brought the
information forward she said you're
doing a background check this is
information you should have and so why
would there not that's what the FBI is
there for to investigate this
information I just can't imagine why
they would not she's not asking for
anything that's outside of the normal
process of vetting a candidate so I just
don't know why that wouldn't happen and
we just spoke with someone who said that
the president's tweet this morning was
in fact so explosive that there's a
scenario by which dr. Ford would
actually file charges now against judge
Cavanaugh do you think that's a
possibility well she didn't come forward
filing charges she came forward as a
concerned citizen saying you're doing a
background check this is information you
should have and I think every citizen
that you know in as we go forward you
know people should be encouraged to
participate and it says it's a terrible
message to say that we're going to shoot
the messenger it's terrible
to that point that there have been so
many parallels
I think drawn between this moment and
1991 when Anita Hill accused judge
Clarence Thomas at the time of sexual
harassment what is your message to
lawmakers right now as they prepare to
what it appears try to hear from your
sister-in-law next week I think I would
like them to think about their process
and the fact that this is a lifetime
appointment we want there to be
consensus moving forward with justices
and so they should think about their
process and yeah that's what I'd like
them to think about the importance of
this particular issue and then also how
that represents our government more
broadly so I think this is a critically
important issue but it's also part of
this larger conversation about how we
come together as a country and how we
encourage dialogue and how we're not
afraid of information and we just look
into it and we decide what to do next
as a body of wise people so a body of
wise people should want this information
in my mind well Sandra Ford mendler I
can't thank you enough I know this is
your first television interview we
really really appreciate your
perspective and we're wishing you and
your family the best thank you so much
for being here
thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
