Vice President Biden clearly has some
regrets over how that hearing was
handled as you indicated he was chair of
the Judiciary Committee at the time and
he's got some regrets over that he's got
some regrets over the aftermath but in
addition to talking about judge Kavanagh
the confirmation hearings that look to
continue next week we also talked about
his presidential aspirations and the
reason that he and his wife are here in
Washington DC today along with myself
his very personal personal fight against
cancer I think they should do an FBI
investigation we did that for neither
Hill took two days number one and number
two most importantly I need a hill was
vilified when she came forward by a lot
of my colleagues character assassination
I wish I could have done more to prevent
those questions in the way they asked
them I hope my colleagues learned from
that learn from that she deserves to be
treated with dignity it takes enormous
courage for a woman to come forward on
the bright lights of millions of people
watching and relive something that
happened to her assert to something
happen to her she should be treated with
respect you brought up a knee to hell
you were chairman of the Judiciary
Committee back in 1991 you around me
criticized for not doing more during
that hearing looking back on that
specifically how would you advise
senators to proceed next week and how do
you balance the rights of a woman who's
making accusations like this versus the
presumption that a person is innocent
until proven guilty well I think the
presumption should exist but what should
happen is the woman should be given the
benefit of the doubt and not be not be
abused again by the system my biggest
regret was I didn't know how I could
shut you off as you were a senator and
you were attacking the hills character
under the Senate rules I can't gavel you
down and say you can't ask that question
although I tried and so what happened
was she got victimized again during
during the process and I believed her
when she came forward I'm courage sir to
come forward we were in a position where
we got the FBI to do an investigation
and I voted against Clarence Thomas he
only got seven votes he got seven yes in
seven knows of a tie vote in the
committee but I hope that they
understand what courage it takes for
someone to come forward and relive what
they led they believe happened to them
and let them state it but treat her with
respect
ask tough questions as substance of
questions where were you what said who
said what etcetera but don't go after
the cat not the character assassination
well seems like you get it now
versus back in 91 well I think I got it
91 I don't think it well people have
their own opinion that's why I vote
wrote the Violence Against Women Act
I wrote the Violence Against Women Act
ii and during this period and the second
reason i insisted the next time out to
women come on the committee to women
they didn't want to come on the
committee so i can't paint for carol
moseley-braun on the condition that if
she won she'd come on the committee it's
important and it's it's it's important
that the people understand and I think
people do now understand how hard it is
to come forward and I always say to men
this and why it's so hard how about if
you've been abused you see the movie
deliverance how about if you were the
guy who just strapped to the tree would
you come forward you want to relive that
I'm serious I'm deadly artist dr. Biden
let's just say hypothetically come
January this fella sitting next to he
comes to you because we know he's been
crisscrossing the country campaigning
for a bunch of people anyone who's heard
him recently knows that he still has
this fire in his belly if he comes you
engine
where I think I want to be president
United States again you say what I say
Joe you would make a great president but
let's think about it think I know you've
said you haven't made up your mind just
yet
you sound like a man who wants to run
you sound like a guy who really wants to
do you want I desperately want to change
the landscape and there's more than one
way to do I'm looking for someone to
there's a lot of really talented people
we have out there Kamala Harris you had
Cory Booker you got you got the you know
the former mayor of Massachusetts you
got a lot of talented people and but we
got to stop this degradation of the
system that's going on that's why I'm
campaigning all over the country I'm
campaigning for candidates because we
got to build a berm out there we're
gonna win back the United States House
of Representatives I promise you and I
predict we'll win back the Senate really
you said in 2016 that you regretted not
doing it
if you don't run this town will you
regret it what I said was I regret not
being present but it was the right
decision look no man or woman should go
out and say I'm running for president
less they can look in there and say you
have my whole heart my whole soul and
all my emotion and my son had just died
from cancer and that's how we started
this whole fighting initiative because
you know we know what it's like to get
that diagnosis Craig you know what it's
like with your brother just getting that
diagnosis so we're trying to create the
urgency of now with our summit and to
bring people together and break down
barriers and give them information so
when your brother got that diagnosis
just like our son did you
after you feel that punching your
stomach in your gut
then then you say what now where do I go
what do I do
what's this going to be like what does
this mean we need information can we get
into trials that's what we're trying to
provide with this cancer summit it is
intensely personal intensely it is
always left to gigantic hole in our
hearts for our whole family and you know
it's um but but there's so much
opportunity if we didn't find one more
cure if doc started to share data not
hoard it make it available to everybody
for research we making cygwin extend
lives beyond what anything we're doing
right now if we didn't make one more
breakthrough we're on the cusp of so
many breakthroughs and if we just pick
our head up as a country look at what we
have there's not another country there's
a patch on our genes we should we can
own the 21st century we're trying to
give people so but there is reason for
hope
there really is reason for hope what
would a hypothetically what would a by
the presidency mean for cancer research
in this country
well I I can tell you whether that
happens or not we are going to push look
18 million people diagnosed with cancer
this year by 2020 26 million will be
diagnosed with cancer 26 million and the
single greatest reason why life
expectancy worldwide would not rise is
predicted by the World Health
Organization because the cancer and
their answers their answers and I'm
convinced I really am
I'm convinced if you said the American
people we're going to spend one quarter
of the entire budget and we know we can
cure cancer they'd go go go
it affects so many people there's not
one person you know who hasn't been
affected by cancer yeah right
it is something that's attention bothers
well thank you for being the hostess
things and absolutely perhaps it's a big
deal really quickly before I left so to
get out of here before we go back to the
studio I want to go back to something
you said at the beginning about the
investigation if there is no FBI
investigation should the Senate proceed
proceed as usual and should there be a
vote if she doesn't testify look I don't
think there should be I just think what
that devil have we learned here
what have learned I mean so much has
changed since I wrote the Violence
Against Women Act so much has changed
about how the public understands the
pressure on women and I've learned a lot
as well too and you know it says she
should not have to go through what Anita
Hill went through and some of the
questions that she got asked and the end
and the way the right went after her on
national television and questioned her
integrity questioned her not just their
honesty questions her behavior I mean
yeah that's just not appropriate you
shouldn't have to be they shouldn't have
to be
twice put through the same exact thing
mr. president thank you doctor but they
bother took her a lot of courage for her
to come forward you've said in the past
that you would apologize to her if she
were watching right now what would you
say - I'm sorry I couldn't have stopped
the kind of attacks that came to you but
I never attacked her I supported her I
believed her from the beginning and I
voted against Clarence Thomas thank you
when we come back down next time I want
to do the story on the fact that you
guys have been married for four more
than 40 years and you put up with him
the way that you do people will come
back down to do that story next time
thank you both thank you for the record
dr. Jill Biden is is is my favorite
Biden person one thing becomes apparent
when the Biden's talk about cancer
research when they talk about funding
when they talk about it cure they are
all in on this that is what me and my
wife we're down here today for the the
Biden Cancer summit they are spending
the day convening thought leaders
researchers doctors health care
providers and and they're coming up and
talking about best practices they firmly
believe that in the next 10 or 15 years
we should be able to find the cure for
several cancers in this country so
that's why I'm here that's that's why
they are here here in Washington they
said just a few blocks from you just a
few blocks away and Craig you talked
about how personal it was for both of
you and I thought that was one of the
more revealing parts of the interview
and you asked him look if you do become
president what does that mean for cancer
research I thought that was such an
important question that you asked and I
wonder Craig if you can give us your
sense of his answer to you not only in
that little bit but when you ask more
broadly if he's really seriously
thinking about running what was your
takeaway Craig III think that if you
listen to what he said about 2016 and he
corrected me when I said that he
regretted not running his point was he
regretted not being president
oh my you get the sense from that
interview that the Vice President Biden
might be more inclined to run and and
dr. Biden might want to talk about it a
little more that's that's the sense that
I got and the other part of that
interview one of the defining moments of
his political career will always be
those those hearings in 1991 the
Clarence Thomas hearings that's not lost
on him it is something that he he talks
about a fair amount something that he
told me that he thinks about a fair
amount and at the very beginning of that
interview I didn't I didn't even mention
Anita Hill he brought a knee to Hill up
within the first 15 or 20 seconds he is
acutely aware that that is going to be a
part of his political legacy well and if
he works Iran undoubtedly that entire
hearing would get fresh scrutiny what a
tremendous interview Craig and what
important work they are doing as it
relates to cancer research thank you so
much for being here to share this your
our thanks for being here hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
