president Trump claiming that his
Supreme Court nominee Britt Cavanaugh
facing a sexual assault allegation back
when he was in high school is the one
who's quote under assault the President
of the United States is also attacking
the claims of Cavanaugh's accuser
professor Christine blossom Ford
this comes as Cavanaugh says he will
attend Monday scheduled hearing to help
clear his name
last night lawyers for Ford negotiated
with the Senate Judiciary Committee
saying next Thursday is the earliest
date a hearing could be set Democratic
and Republican sources have told NBC
News Ford
she is a she was only 15 years old when
this alleged assault took place she is
now receiving death threats
according to her legal team and is
effectively in hiding The Wall Street
Journal reports that Cavanaugh's wife
has also received several threatening
emails over the past week no one
deserves this Cavanaugh said he
categorically denies Ford's claims and
in Washington this hour a group of women
who have known Kavanagh both personally
and professionally are rallying to show
their support for the judge according to
the latest NBC news/wall Street Journal
poll support support for Kavanagh has
ticked up a few points to 34% since July
but the number of Americans opposed to
his nomination now out numbers that 38
percent of Americans are opposed and the
real issue here is hitting the midterm
elections and that is all over the
country last night in a campaign debate
a Republican congressman from down in
South Carolina decided to open up to
open up his event with a joke about
sexual assault I thought I was going to
be late did y'all hear the latest
late-breaking news from the Cavanaugh
hearings Ruth Bader Ginsburg came out
that she was groped Baberaham Lincoln
I thought I was gonna have to get back
there but we don't
joining me now former US Attorney for
the Eastern District of Michigan Barbara
McQuade an NBC News investigative
reporter Kendall a nyan can I can't even
believe what that dude said all right I
want to sure what Kelly and Conway said
this morning and we want to pay
particular attention to the specific
time that she said it there's no reason
to attack her the president is defending
his nomination United States Supreme
Court as a man of character integrity
impeccable academic and judicial
qualifications in judicial temperament
that he knows him to be but just one
minute after Kellyanne said that one
minute president Trump did exactly that
how does the White House hope to get
Cavanaugh through when they can't even
coordinate their own message that's what
I do not understand now I can't tell you
sources inside the White House told me
on Monday when Kellyanne went outside
and said this woman should not be
attacked to dr. Ford she should have her
voice heard she did that robe she did
not coordinate with Sara Sanders or the
president so maybe that's still the case
and others in the White House have told
Axios can that they are trying to keep
the president restrained during this
given how important it is yeah that's
one possibility stuff another
possibility is though that this is
coordinated in a very cynical way
because Donald Trump has a history of
taking the low road on Twitter to appeal
to his base even as his White House is
ostensibly trying to take the high road
and I think an important piece of
evidence in all this is an Instagram
post by his son Donald Trump jr. a few
days ago absolutely mocking this whole
affair you know he drew a note in crayon
as if to suggest this was a trivial and
a report of a sexual assault and we
should remember here that the idea that
dot a 15 year old is going to report
this to the FBI is ludicrous but we do
know that there's reporting in the New
York Times that she was a changed person
something happened to her she was a
gregarious outgoing person and then a
friend said after this alleged incident
she quote disappeared and wasn't a
vibrant part of the school community
anymore
we should know that that Instagram pose
that Don jr. put out got a very positive
response from a senior HUD official how
about that all right Barbara
Ford's a neat and legal team is
negotiating with the Judiciary Committee
they're no longer asking for an FBI
investigation but they've got a few
requests out they want to ensure her
safety they do not want Christine Ford
to be sitting at the table with Brett
Kavanaugh they want his friend mark
judge who she claims was in the room to
be subpoenaed is it likely she's gonna
get any of this now these aren't demands
these are requests well I think some of
them are very reasonable and I think
will likely be accommodated I mean not
sitting at the same table as Brett
Kavanaugh probably neither of them want
that ensuring her safety and his I think
everybody wants that the one that
they've seemed to push back against is
this idea of calling mark judge by
subpoena and being satisfied only with
his letter I think this is a very
legitimate request when you make a false
accusation I think the last thing you
would want to do is identify a witness
who is in the room who is a friend of
the person you're accusing and so this
really has I think a lot of credibility
and let's hear what he has to say a
letter can be submitted without any
penalty if his out if his denials are
false if he is instead subpoenaed it has
to appear before Congress now his
statements are under oath and I think
they carry a little more weight or as an
intermediary why not have the FBI
interview him because then his
statements also could be prosecuted if
they're false and so that brings with it
some credibility to his denials the fact
that he's trying to get ahead of it with
a letter suggests to me that he doesn't
want to get involved whether that's
because he just doesn't want to be part
of it which is understandable or because
he doesn't want to make these statements
under oath I think is an important thing
so I think that request is one that she
should push and it seems that has not
yet been resolved but that's what I
don't understand he is involved if he
made a statement that it didn't happen
so Ken can you help me understand that
dr. Ford said Mark judge was in the room
she was well aware that he was not an
ally of hers she was a friend of Brett
Cavanaugh's he decided to go
so far is to deny it but he doesn't want
to testify can you help me understand
why that would be well I mean one one
possibility is it does not want to be
under oath about this which is very
suspicious but the whole idea that there
would be no investigation that's like
saying this didn't happen but I won't
swear that this didn't happen well
exactly and that's why this is deeply
suspicious and it also seems like
malpractice that they're not conducting
any kind of investigation here I mean as
we've talked about before in the Anita
Hill Clarence Thomas matter there was a
three day FBI investigation where the
FBI went out and interviewed witnesses
and then the committee called 22
witnesses including three people who
came and testified that Anita Hill told
them at the time that this conduct
happened now you're not gonna have the
same kind of situation in a 30-year old
incident that happened allegedly when
they were at school but you would be
able to talk to for example Marc judge
and other people who may or may not have
heard things classmates of his-and-hers
just to get an idea of whether there's
any cooperation none of that has been
done and that seems like a bad idea
so Barbara there's tons of talk out
there should we be going after what
someone did or said when they were 17
people make mistakes but don't we need
to remind the audience this isn't for
just some random job there are nine
Supreme Court justices total and they
sit on the bench for the rest of their
lives so it is very important and some
they came out that the Dean of Yale Law
School responding to these reports out
there that a professor implied judge
Cavanaugh typically hired model like
clerks what what is this about yeah I
think first as you say we're talking
about an attempted sexual assault this
was not mischief or horseplay but a very
serious crime for which 17 year olds are
prosecuted are sent to prison and must
register as sex offenders for the rest
of their lives so it is a serious crime
and I think that much of the discussion
has been disturbing in how lightly
people seem to take this very serious
crime of sexual assault so that's one
thing the other is no one's talking
about prosecuting him for a crime
although the statute of limitations in
Maryland would permit such a prosecution
we're talking instead about
whether we want to elevate someone to
the privilege and responsibility of
overseeing our criminal justice system
this is a job interview why why should
we select you why are you qualified to
handle this job and I think someone who
has a sexual assault or an attempted
sexual assault in their past is not
qualified I also think that someone who
lies about that is also not qualified
and so we don't know if those things are
happen but if it happened but I think
the American people deserve a chance to
find that out and make that decision and
so this rush to judgment this we're
taking a vote one way or the other next
week suggests to me that this out these
allegations are not being taken as
seriously as they should we should be
comfortable with the facts and we ought
to judge Cavanaugh so that he can be a
legitimate Supreme Court justice and
that his record and his decisions down
the road for life will not be tainted if
he didn't do anything he certainly does
not deserve to have a cloud over him
Kristine Ford absolutely does not
deserve to have her life threatened this
is a very very complicated issue but the
American people also deserve to have the
best possible Supreme Court justices so
it's really complicated
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
