vaping now the it thing for teens the
FDA calling it a dangerous epidemic the
disturbing and accelerating trajectory
of use were seeing in youth and a
resulting path to addiction must end the
agency sending out warning letters to
retailers and giving an ultimatum to the
makers of the popular jewel and for
other manufacturers they have 60 days to
show that they can keep their nicotine
products out of the hands of underage
users or face a possible ban on all
flavored East cigarettes especially
appealing to the estimated two million
regular users in middle and high school
that is so disturbing that was NBC's
Rehema Ellis reporting on the FDA's
recent warning about the popularity of
e-cigarette use among teens joining us
now leading spine surgeon author and
establishment the online health
newsletter thrive doctor Dave Campbell
good to have you on the show this
morning dr. Dave good morning make up
these cigarettes seem so unbelieving
well they look like USB drives they look
like the thumb drive so kids and adults
can look like they're just accessing
their computer so what are the dangers
is that one of the main dangers of
parents have to worry about in the short
term none in the long term it is that
e-cigarettes contain nicotine and
teenagers are particularly sensitive to
nicotine addiction and it appears that
that will increase the number of adults
that transition to using combustible
tobacco which is horrible so the whole
rub here is that for adults using
e-cigarettes it's a nice tool to allow
them to use less combustible tobacco
it's safer for kids it's terrible
because it allows them to transition
into nicotine addiction and then move
into using cigarettes 2300 kids will
start using cigarettes today Wow and
every day thereafter that's unbelievable
Suze
I know I'm kind of conflating two things
but isn't it hard when you when you're
trying to talk to kids about
e-cigarettes and the dangers at the same
time where we see so many states around
the country legalizing marijuana and
trying to kind of justify both you know
both things at the same time that these
e-cigarettes are bad for you at the same
time we're legalizing marijuana I mean I
know they're different issues but I
think psychologically there's some kids
say hey at least I'm not smoking pot
mm-hmm yeah you know what I think it's
actually three issues but you hit on an
important one all of these issues are
related to drugs that cause harm
so for teenagers using vaping devices
and nicotine if that leads them to smoke
cigarettes that causes harm marijuana
laws are not legal not meant to include
minors so all the marijuana laws are
intended to keep people I think it's
under 21 maybe under 18 and then we have
the issue that we're going to talk about
which are opioids and all of these
issues represent the government trying
to allow safety in the face of harmful
drugs Jeremy Peters yes I want you to
connect this for me to the opioid crisis
and obviously we have such a
proliferation of available prescription
drugs you don't need a prescription to
get this you can just walk up to the
counter at the drugstore at the gas
station and buy it
so yeah it's part of the broader
epidemic that we have with with
addiction in this country our teens is
the concern that the teens who get
started on this will be then much more
vulnerable to addiction further on down
the road they are all three connected
and they're connected through the
addictive nature of drugs whether it's
nicotine whether it's cannabis THC or
whether it is opioids and other
substances so they're all connected and
I think we have to have particular
concern for teenagers and young people
because their brains are not fully
developed and they seem to be more prone
two problems from addiction and they
certainly can have long-term cognitive
and neurodevelopmental problems because
their brains haven't developed
neurophysiological E until they're in
their young 20s so they are all
connected all right dr. Dave Campbell as
always thank you so much for being with
us and Dave also the author of the teen
formula you got to check it out
still ahead earlier this week the
president said he supported delaying
Brett Cavanaugh's confirmation hearing
but now it appears he may have changed
his mind we're gonna have that plus the
conditions that Cavanaugh's accuser is
setting before she agrees to testify
before the Judiciary Committee morning
Joe coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
