ABC News reports that Donald Trump's
former fixer Michael Cohen has been
talking to the special counsels office
over the course of the last month he
reportedly sat for multiple sessions
lasting hours the network says the
interviews have focused on all aspects
of Trump's dealings with Russia
financial business and alleged collusion
in the 2016 election ABC reports that
investigators were also interested in
whether the president or any of his
associates dangled the pardon before
Cohen Cohen is also reportedly working
with the state of New York on a separate
investigation away into the inner
workings of the Trump family charity and
the Trump Organization because you can't
the president can't pardon anybody
charged and my goodness gracious there's
so much to talk about that's where he
worked for a decade as an executive vice
president and special counsel both
Muller's office and Cohen's attorney
declined to comment
the president's attorney Rudy Giuliani
responded telling it pursues Cohen has a
history of lying oh wait wait wait
I'm sorry didn't you say that was her he
said Cohen was a wonderful man did he
lie for the president that's why he
knows deep inside that he's a serial
liar because he lied so much that he
must but Rudy said and really said that
Cohen was a good man
right and Rudy is a good man you know
I'm just curious so let's confirm really
quickly here if Cohen actually is
talking to Robert Muller Donny Deutsch
she talked about going all the time
what's he what are y'all talking about
these days what's interesting as of a
couple weeks ago we almost spoke every
day and in great detail about a lot of
things like what's a room like does he
drink a diet kiss what's happened in the
last couple of weeks what all of a
sudden responses are yeah well we'll
speak next week he never said he was
talking about but everything changed and
my interpretation was clearly doesn't
that happen to you all the clearly said
son we are in the adult dining room now
and you may have best friends and you
may have relatives but you will be
speaking
I never talked to a guy that wears a
gangster suit Jack with an orange time
to talk to someone who doesn't get from
conversations on a regular basis joining
us now senior reporter at Vanity Fair
and at NBC News and MSNBC contributor
Emily Jane Fox has he cut you off I've
been in touch well not Donnie style I
haven't I haven't been ghosted by anyone
in Michael Collins or but the
conversations are very happy young
before it's just very changed have
certainly tightened and I reported last
Friday that Michael had been in talks
with robert muller and it was accepted
in his circle that these conversations
had started so here's what I know from
from people in this world not only is he
talking to Robert Muller about things
that he knew related to Russia which is
what the Muller investigation is focused
on he is talking to the Southern
District obviously about the campaign in
finance payments that he made to women
he's talking to the Attorney General
about what he knows about the foundation
there is nothing that is off-limits to
Michael and this is why he has a family
Michael Cohen has accepted the fact that
he is going to prison so whatever he can
do to lessen his prison sentence to get
the government to possibly say to a
judge in December when his sentence look
this guy was very cooperative we
recommend a lighter sentence he is going
to do right now he also feels like the
president did an absolutely nothing to
protect him in fact he did things to
actively hurt him and so he has
absolutely no reason no no feeling like
I'm going to do anything to protect are
there any theories why Donald Trump
threw him under the bus who doesn't he
thrown under the bus no I know but
couldn't understand rajae crawl that you
wouldn't bring this man who knows so
much who has had a front-row seat to
everything that not only the president
did it in a lot of situations but that
his three adult children doing why you
wouldn't bring that man in if he was
faking facing trouble and I think for my
sense of things is the president knew
that Michael Cohen had done bad things
on his behalf and perhaps
on his own behalf and so he cut bait
that was the strategy my community that
I would ask him that all how do you
think eat let me just finish for a
second he was astounded to add one other
thing on to Emily beyond obviously just
wanting to as anybody would do
everything to save his family right
after the Helsinki thing I remember
Michael said to me you know look beyond
saving me that this has got to change
you know another thing kicked in the
country thing kicked you know as I said
I'm not saying that he's not doing it to
protect himself also but something
happened at that moment some some
something struck him like oh my god this
this guy is in charge now and just Emma
so God at that moment but something also
shifted what is it about hanging at dawn
focusing the mind yeah well if you talk
to people who work for Trump who work
when he was at the Trump Organization or
even in the White House say especially
in the White House today I should say
there is no sense of loyalty to him what
so ever they did they do not feel like
they have anything to gain from him and
in fact I feel like after they leave the
White House they'll be toxic they can't
do so this has created this sense that
you know what what am i doing this for
so taking the one of the very few people
Michael Cohen who felt a sense of
loyalty to Trump and basically
discarding him is is really cut just a
dumbfounding move he's that he is one of
the one gather than his children one of
the one guys who felt any loyalty to
this man well and as you saying Lee
speaking of the children it's not just
Donald Trump who was exposed now because
Michael Cohen's talking to investigators
and robert muller it's the children are
now in focus because look Michael Cohen
still lives in the building or Dehradun
Ivanka live in New York this is someone
who is so inextricably tied and linked
to the entire Trump family who worked
side by side with all three of his adult
children he also has felt in the last
couple of months that there has been a
concerted effort by Don Jr by Jared
Kushner by Rudy Giuliani to throw him
under the bus not just the president but
his children as well and so
it's just a dangerous place for the
Trump family's current I think there's
even more loathing towards jr. and ang
are particularly junior because there
was this built-in affection for for the
boss for a long time and there's that
scorned feeling but his brow would even
furrow more what did we talk about the
kids but to the opening tease Trump has
a lot to worry about a lot and Emily and
I have both been privy to a lot of the
things that Michael knows and boy oh boy
all right Emily Jane Fox thank you very
much we'll see what happens still ahead
is the Republican Party suffering from
an identity crisis this morning Axios is
looking at the short and long term risks
for the GOP now that it is effectively
the Trump party leaving swathes of
traditional conservatives with no home
we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
