Donald Trump is in Nevada tonight at a
campaign event for Dean Heller
Republican running for Senate there
who's in a very close race now
statistical tie with the Democratic
challenger he just spoke to Sean Hannity
talking about the possibility of dr.
Ford testifying to the Judiciary
Committee let's listen to some of that
the guys say let her say what she has to
say and let's see how it all comes out
but they've delayed it a week and they
have to get on with it
and during our discussion now Adam
Johnson former deputy chief of staff to
Senator Harry Reid he's the director of
public affairs for democracy Ford Lisa
Graves code director of documented she's
the former chief counsel for nominations
for the Democrats in the Senate
Judiciary Committee and was the deputy
assistant attorney general in the
Department of Justice and Ron Klain as
well as he's a former chief of staff to
Vice President Joe Biden and Al Gore and
a former senior aide to President Obama
he was also a chief counsel to the
Senate Judiciary Committee during the
Clarence Thomas Anita Hill hearings and
Ron I just wanted to start with you with
your reaction to what we just heard the
president's say he has repeatedly said
that he we should let her say what she
has to say is the way he said it tonight
he doesn't sound as strict about a
deadline as the Republican senators have
tried to sound
yeah Lawrence you know it's it's ironic
funny interesting that Donald Trump
really has been on his best behavior the
past couple days about dr. Ford's
charges and that's because he's looking
at a political playing field Brett
Kavanaugh is the most unpopular Supreme
Court nominee in the history of Poland
on Supreme Court nominees the
Republicans face a life-or-death
election this fall and women are the
deciding vote particularly college-age
women college-educated women are the
deciding vote and they are watching this
very carefully and Trump may lose his
Supreme Court nominee he does not want
to lose the house in the Senate and Adam
I I want to go to you about Mike Davis
because I discovered Mike Davis's tweet
when you captured it and and retweeted
about it and I was stunned to see what
he said that his job is he's just
determined to get this nominee confirmed
obviously they
the tweets as soon as it came up but it
was an amazing window into this
Republican staff investigation that
Chuck Grassley and the Republicans were
trying to tell us is a fair and honest
investigation yeah I mean usually
Grassley staff is very skilled at
erecting a facade of professionalism and
sort of institutionalism in front of
their relentless partisan hackery but
today the masks lift Mike said the quiet
part out loud and they gave the game
away I mean you know they are trying to
present themselves as so impartial that
they can be trusted in place of the FBI
to conduct an investigation into this
and today we realized that that's just
not true Lisa graves what was your
reaction when you saw Mike Davis's
tweets well I was I was shocked and
quite frankly what you've seen in the
press is a lot of good press for senator
Grassley asserting that he's supposedly
providing all these options that's the
language they've been trying to get out
there and so what you could see there
was the gap between the stage-managing
that they're doing and the reality the
reality that everyone on that committee
knows is happening which is which is
exactly this sort of extreme
partisanship and determination to get
Brett Kavanaugh through no matter the
allegation against a no matter the
severity of that and the significance of
that for our Supreme Court let's listen
to something orrin hatch said during the
Anita Hill during the Clarence Thomas
confirmation about Anita Hills testimony
I do not minimize sexual harassment on
the job if it occurs and in this case it
did not occur and I feel confident in
saying that having known Judge Thomas
for so long and having known his
reputation having watched him in action
having them work with probably thousands
of women and the jobs that he's worked
on Lisa
Warren hatch thinks that's proof that
what he knows about Judge Thomas and his
interactions with Judge Thomas means
it's impossible for sexual harassment to
have occurred
well that's exactly why we have laws
because just leaving it up to men or
people who are in a position of power to
decide what counts and what doesn't and
whether it's real or not you know is not
adequate we need to have laws to protect
women to protect people in the workplace
and also I think that goes to a point
that we've seen here on the committee
which is this committee used to have
rules it used to have practices one of
those practices was if there were a
serious allegation like this it would
automatically be sent back over to the
FBI to be examined as you pointed out
extensively but chairman Grassley has
repeatedly violated the rules and norms
of this committee is racing forward with
no constitutional requirement that he
raced forward and trying to rig this
system I have to say I'm so humbled by
the courage of dr. Ford in being willing
to come forward into this sort of rigged
process that Senator Grassley and his
Republican men on that committee and
their staff are trying to put forward
because she wants the truth told and as
you point out she's the one asking for
an FBI investigation and for a full and
fair hearing Brett Kavanaugh didn't ask
that today in his letter and he was over
the White House all week and apparently
didn't ask it there either yeah and and
I don't believe she's going to be able
to negotiate her way to a fair hearing I
think she's going to be able to
negotiate a more fair hearing but it's
just going to be marginal the there's a
report in The Washington Post today that
I don't think is going to surprise any
of us a senior's Senate Democratic aide
said that a reopening FBI background
checks is routine ten of them ten of
them have been reopened
for judicial nominees ten of them have
been reopened for judge nominations in
the last three months alone and run Ron
Klain you were there when everyone on
the committee agreed but of course the
FBI had to investigate Anita Hills
accusations yeah Lawrence you know for
27 years I've carried around the fact
that I was a staffer on the committee
that held the worst judicial
confirmation hearings in American
history and now senator Grassley looks
like he's on the verge of lifting that
burden off my back with the way he's
handling this matter right now it was
not even in
issue in 1991 that the allegations
professor Hill made when she gave us
permission to convey them to the FBI
would go to the FBI it wasn't even there
wasn't even a second thought about that
being the right thing the Democrats on
the committee knew it was the right
thing the Republicans on the committee
knew it was the right thing and the Bush
White House Boyd and gray President
Bush's Council immediately sent this
matter to the FBI for review so the
arguments amount that the FBI doesn't do
it shouldn't do it hasn't done it is
just complete and utter baloney and Adam
the we're gonna watch this negotiation
over the shoulder and whatever way we
can
tomorrow it clearly will continue into
the day tomorrow at some point it might
be resolved tomorrow it might not but
they're already floating Thursday that's
that's emerged publicly as a possibility
Thursday of next week what what risks
does that include for the Republicans
each day that passes oh I think you saw
this week that there's enormous risk I
mean giving them time this week to sort
of gain a little bit of confidence just
resulted in them completely shooting
themselves in the foot I think time is
not their friend for a number of reasons
but one of them is that every day that
passes is a day that's filled with
terrible damaging quotes from Republican
senators and their staffers and the
reason that that they keep stepping in
it is that they are just deeply out of
step with what's happening it's
extremely clear that they just don't
take this matter seriously and it's also
clear that they fundamentally don't
understand that they don't really hold
the cards here dr. Ford holds the cards
she can choose when and where she wants
to tell her story and watching this
panel of old white men and their staffs
struggle to grasp that reality has been
very interesting and I think the longer
it goes on the worse it will be for them
at least I was very struck by the idea
that the Republicans were smart enough
to think we shouldn't ask the questions
we should hire a woman lawyer to do it
and it's it's sad that on the Republican
side they have to hire a woman lawyer
to do it because they don't have someone
and they don't have a woman member of
the committee but it's pretty rare I've
never seen it in the confirmation
hearing it has occurred famously Bobby
Kennedy boys council to a committee in
the 1950s investigating or labor unions
and and he was up there asking the
questions becoming kind of a bigger star
than some of the Senators - some got a
bit of a reaction from that we saw it in
the Watergate hearings but we haven't
really seen it ever in the confirmation
process that I'm aware of and I was
really struck by dr. Ford's counter
which is no I want these senators to be
forced to do their own work and I
wouldn't have thought of that counter
but I'm very impressed with I think it
might be a very smart way to go I think
that's right and I think that these
senators are really not a Profile in
Courage I think they definitely know
that this is going to be a difficult
hearing for them to be attacking her the
way they basically are attacking that
her through proxies or the White House
or Brett Cavanaugh's buddies are
attacking her
his associates and friends I think that
what you have here is a situation which
they they want some woman to give them a
cover I don't know maybe Kelly on Conway
is available for them to push some sort
of fact versus what's a real fact and
what's true but in this situation as you
point out it's just not normal it's not
typical at all for this committee to
have ever engaged in this process for a
confirmation hearing and and I think
that in this in this case what you just
have is an ever-shifting set of
processes that they're just floating one
thing after another to try to escape
following rules and also just following
common sense common sense would say that
these members would be concerned and
troubled about these allegations versus
trying to squash them Lisa graves Adam
Johnson Ron Klain thank you all for
starting us off in this important
discussion tonight thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
