I live here of Democratic senators
Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut member
the Senate Judiciary Committee and
Senator Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire
let me start with you senator Blumenthal
because you're on the committee are you
involved in the negotiations happening
right now about the contours of
testimony next week all of us committee
members are involved at least indirectly
and the simple fact is that the
Republicans leading that committee have
imposed a completely arbitrary and
irrational deadline they should be
insisting in fact that the FBI reopened
its investigation they should be
insisting that there be other witnesses
in the interest of uncovering the truth
and basic fairness they should be
insisting that dr. blithely be given an
opportunity to set the terms of her
coming forward that's a basic
foundational principle in dealing with
all victims and survivors of sexual
assault but they are taking just the
opposite tack what do you fix inter
hasent about the idea of the Republicans
on that committee it's all men it's 11
men bringing in a female attorney a
woman to do the questioning well you
know this should be about getting to the
truth not political optics but let's
take a step back here we know that women
who come forward with allegations of
sexual assault with stories like dr.
Ford's have historically been vilified
that they've been diminished they've
been doubted even though we know how
prevalent sexual assault is in our
society and what we have seen is that we
all need to do better in listening to
women investigating these claims taking
them seriously and the Senate needs to
do better so now you think back to 1991
to Anita Hill testimony in that hearing
that hearing had an FBI investigation
beforehand it went on for three days I
think it included multiple multiple
witnesses and even that was considered
to be grossly unfair and inadequate and
now today Senate Republicans are talking
about a process that is far worse
we should be trying to fulfill our
constitutional obligation to get to the
truth here to vet this candidate fully
and I continue to be just amazed that
the Republicans aren't insisting on an
FBI investigation which is the kind of
foundation you need to have a productive
effective hearing in which you can
actually get to the truth with multiple
witnesses because there are more than
two witnesses in this matter according
to dr. Ford's account what do you
ascribe the I mean they let me give you
the argument that Republicans have been
making and you can respond to it this is
that this was all done in bad faith that
the ranking member senator Feinstein sat
on this and then it leaked out and it
was a bomb exploded at the last minute
as a sort of desperate attempt to
forestall this and the mishandling has
brought us to this perilous moment I
want to get both of your reactions I'll
start with you senator Blumenthal to
that argument let's be very clear the
foundational principle of dealing with
sexual assault is that the survivors
have the right to come forward when they
wish to tell their story as they wish
and identify themselves when they think
it's appropriate that is the principle
that senator Feinstein followed and the
timing issue
well at least though I mean someone
didn't follow it after six weeks in the
United States Senate a lot of things
leak but here's the other important
point the timing here is solely the
result of the Republican leadership
setting this arbitrary October 1
deadline and trying to ram through this
nomination on a timetable that is
totally cravenly and blatantly political
and if their instinct and the intention
was to uncover the truth they would
insist on an FBI investigation otherwise
we're just gonna have a sham and a
charade show hearing not a real hearing
senator Hassan look yes a real hearing
should happen and then the process that
follows should be determined by what
they find out in the hearing but look
this is just these allegations from
Republicans are just shameful dr. Ford
has had to flee her home
her children her husband and she had
been subjected to death threats she is
trying she has stepped forward
she has been brave and courageous in
bringing forward these charges against
an incredibly powerful person and what
she is being met with is a rush to
defend this person rather than get at
the truth you know the benefit of the
doubt here to quote Senator Robert Byrd
back I think in about 1991 the benefit
of the doubt should go to the court and
to the country that's our job and it is
absolutely shameful to be playing
politics with this and there is an
effect Chris in the larger context on
other survivors who are deterred from
coming forward you know I spent a part
of today with a couple of survivors and
advocates who described their own
experiences very much like this one when
they felt doubt self blame guilt stigma
they waited years to come forward one in
every six women in America are assaulted
or raped this crime is underreported
because of precisely the fear that now
is being realized the nightmare for dr.
blazing Ford and the way that some of
our Republican colleagues are talking
about her with utter insensitive
insensitivity and hostility simply
illustrates the problem she may
encounter at this hearing Sarah Hasson
do you have faith that there's persuade
ability on the Republican side that
there are members colleagues of yours
that haven't opened enough mind that you
think that that something can be
accomplished here in terms of a
presentation of the evidence well I
certainly hope so and that's why I think
it is so important that we get this here
and right I think it is so important
that dr. Ford's concerns about her
safety and about feeling respected in
the process really need to be honored
and I think that's why it's so important
for there to be serious good faith here
I am concerned when I hear some of my
Republican colleagues
say that you know we'll have the hearing
on Monday and then we'll vote on
Wednesday when in fact what happens in
an investigation and hearing should then
determine when and if a vote happens
yeah and you have the the chief counsel
on the Judiciary Committee for Senator
Grassley saying we're gonna confirm room
which seems to be sort of tipping the
hand a little bit a Senator Richard
Blumenthal and Senator Maggie Hassan
thank you both for being with me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
