former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen is now
talking to Bob Muller he spent hours
doing it and he talked about collusion
about Russia about their business and
even about pardons that may sound like
Donald Trump's worst nightmare and if
his Supreme Court nominee were not
imperiled tonight it would clearly be
the White House largest legal worry
although it's fair to say at this hour
that the White House legal team is
basically being rocked in both of these
directions pressure on the man that
Trump may hope would protect him against
any Russia probe issues at the Supreme
Court Brett Kavanaugh and then pressure
from the man who used to be paid to
protect him against all legal troubles
longtime personal lawyer Michael Cohen
so let's get to it here is what we know
right now this is a report from ABC News
for the first time stating that Muller's
team sat Cohen down for multiple
interviews which makes him a cooperating
convict as he awaits that sentencing up
in New York now the reporting is that
they focus Muller's team on Trump and
Russia including potential business
there and potential collusion between of
course Vladimir Putin's Russia and the
Trump campaign in that line of
questioning
they also reportedly discussed whether
Trump or any of his associates talked
about a pardon for Michael Cohen this
news of course comes less than a month
after Cohen pled guilty to federal
crimes and implicated the president in
one of them now remember back then no
one knew for sure if Cohen would
cooperate with investigators at all and
if you follow the news you may recall
there were observers and Trump defenders
who emphasized at the time that well
there wasn't a public commitment to
cooperate well tonight we know there is
cooperation with Michael Cohen and that
means if you're keeping score that every
guilty Trump aide all five of them is
now working effectively for Bob Muller
Cohen's interviews have taken place in
both Washington New York according to
this ABC news report they have been
voluntary that means that Cohen is not
getting formal promises from prosecutors
although it certainly doesn't hurt to
cooperate these talks reportedly
beginning while manna Ford Steele was
also taking shape now why is this so big
well as we know Michael Cohen more than
most people is positioned to speak not
only about Trump's payoffs to women but
his wider business dealings any other
legal issues that may not have ever
leaked out because they may have
actually tamp them down just as they did
during 2016 on those payments and all
this comes even as Donna
Trump has tried to downplay the entire
relationship ever since Cohen began to
waver well he was a lawyer for me for
one of many yeah you know they would say
the lawyer and then they like to add the
fixer well I don't know him is a fixer
so I just heard that they broke into the
office of one of my personal attorneys
good man what turned out he wasn't a
very good lawyer frankly let's get to it
I'm joined by the New York Times
tomorrow gay Daniel Goldman a former
federal prosecutor and now works at the
Brennan Center for Justice affiliate
with NYU Law and another former federal
prosecutor John Flannery John we live in
a world where we all risk sounding
repetitive but this is big if this is
not what you would have expected a year
ago let alone five on your view of the
legal Richter scale how important is the
news that Michael Cohen is not only
convicted and cooperating some of which
had been indicated but actually is
talking Russia to Muller now I think
it's bigger than what happened in Hawaii
that's how big I think it is and it's
clear that hell hath no fury like a
conspirator spurned the the coming
forward the way he has is acceptance of
responsibility and will effect this
sentence in an affirmative way certainly
if he has something that contributes
these ongoing investigations but he can
take this back to 2013 when he was in
Russia talking about whether or not
there could be a trump tower in Moscow
and so he could take us through 2013
forward through the various iterations
of what Moscow was doing here and tell
us whether or not there was anything
going on and maybe give corroboration
for the steel dossier so I think this is
this is quite significant and combined
with the other people who are
cooperating the noose around mr. Trump
grows tighter and tighter I you can
understand why the desperation comes out
of the West Wing these days right and
Maura I don't have a strong view on on
the word which and its associations but
if the President does see this as a hunt
for witches there are five guilty
witches
have been proven to be engaged in
witchcraft because they've admitted it
and now they're talking to Muller Coen
being the biggest in a way that's right
I mean what's happening is that the
president is beating the same exact drum
that he has been all along the problem
is it's looking less and less based in
reality and say well you have the legal
process playing out you actually also
have the public opinion process playing
out and the reality is is not as Trump
tweets it the reality is that you have
five Trump aides who have either been
convicted of or pleaded guilty to what
is increasingly looking to be you know I
don't want to use a legal term
conspiracy but related to the to the
Russian interference in our elections
and you know Trump is all along
especially with Rudy Giuliani tried to
play not just you know in the courtroom
but in the court of public opinion and I
think that the narrative is actually
building on Bob Muller side and I would
argue on the side of the American
democracy and I think that the truth you
know I think there's an overwhelming
sense that's building that the truth
whatever it may be is going to be found
out by the American people and I think
as that happens and moves forward the
president is is increasingly desperate
and isolated and Daniel looking at Cohen
as a potential witness who's not a
perfect witness given his own boasting
of the role he played given the
intimidation tactics and given what may
be a pension at times for exaggeration
or puffery I mean that's certainly how
he defends some of his intimidation is
saying well maybe I made someone afraid
but I wouldn't literally do you know do
them harm I wonder how you see him as
both Intel for Muller and a potential
witness if there are later trials and
and Fourier analysis with that let's
keep in mind and let's play the secret
recording the Cohen himself made which
again doesn't make him that great a
lawyer to Donald Trump's point most
lawyers aren't supposed to be secretly
recording their clients how does this
fit in to his role here take a listen I
need to open up a company for the
transfer of all of that
regarding our friend David you know so
that I couldn't do that right away I've
actually come up to me and I just spoken
to Alan weiselberger about how to set
the whole thing up all this stuff
because here you never know where that
company you never know what he so I'm
all over that
Daniel how does Muller look at that when
we know that a that tape was something
Coen made to try to help himself but it
ultimately was evidence against him when
he admitted guilt in the campaign
finance violation well first of all it's
very good corroboration for Michael
Cohen and so recordings are sort of gold
mines for any you know any witness
cooperating witness who has to testify
if they can have recordings from before
they cooperated that's very helpful
there are a couple of things in this
report Ari that really jump out of me
the first is that they have met multiple
times for many hours Michael Cohen went
on a landing Davis went on a tour
essentially begging Bob Muller to let
Michael Cohen come and cooperate with
him and as a prosecutor I would have
said sure come on in and talk to me and
I might have given him a perfunctory
hour or two but the fact that it's so
much time indicates that there's a lot
of meat than he's offering and the
second thing that really jumped out is
that the mention of the business
dealings that's an indication that Bob
Muller is digging into Donald Trump's
business dealings and his shows business
associates in Russia that is certainly
within his mandate because it likely
explains some of the activity that
occurred during the campaign but it
gives us a sense of what is out there
with between Donald Trump and the
Russians and it's particularly important
because we have not seen his tax returns
but presumably Bob Muller has right and
then John Flannery the flipside there is
if there were a lot of crimes committed
some of them as we've mentioned have
been confessed but there was no Putin
related collusion crime than it would
seem that Michael Cohen could still in
that way be helpful to the president
that
he has no reason to spin anymore he has
every reason to give a full version of
the truth and what if he says to Muller
yeah we were out in Russia and it was a
really incompetent fundraising operation
but we didn't get any help to my
knowledge from Putin backed people yeah
I don't buy your hypothetical but yes
that is possible
it's also possible will levitate die I
just don't see that being the turn given
who we know the president to be the
president will leave John I believe
which is I'm not an expert I believe
witches do levitate that's the whole
reason you could hold them under the
underwater well there is this one
levitating in the West Wing right now
and I don't know if you should be
talking about catching Wizards but we do
catch witches I suppose in this case
like you said the people who are
cooperating are a variety of witches I
also think that the briefings are
another way to deal with the possibility
of a pardon that is to debrief
thoroughly so that you're not caught up
by these people and that you have
witnesses probably FBI agents I don't
know if they're recording any of it
dan and I probably put people in the
grand jury to lock in their testimony in
a general way often with leading
questions that may have happened as well
and we have him he's a triple threat
he's not only helping Muller he's
helping the Southern District and he's
helping the state prosecution as well so
there's a happy time in the West Wing I
think I'm almost at a time of Mara on a
journalistic view I wanted your ideas
about James Comey who's never one to
hold back he's a witness in this probe
and probably should not speculate but
he's making some waves by saying he
thinks we're in the fourth quarter of
course he doesn't know
I wonder based on your view as a
reporter is there any way to tell what
quarter were in no I think the
responsible thing to do right now as a
journalist is to tell the story with the
fact that we have so far and that
doesn't mean being a stenographer and
saying that we have no idea if the
president's aides had any involvement in
this that means being true to the facts
putting them into a narrative and making
that narrative clear telling that story
to the American people as we know it so
far and that's that's really all we can
do and quite frankly there's a lot we
can say so far it's the evidence is out
in plain sight hey I'm all remember from
Emmett
BC you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
