President Trump has long claimed the
investigation into Russia's interference
in the 2016 election is a witch-hunt he
insists there was no wrongdoing by his
campaign team here's a line you may have
heard once or twice there is no
collusion between me and my campaign and
the Russians no collusion no collusion
there was no collusion at all no
collusion which I knew anyway no
coordination no nothing it's a witch
hunt
I really hope none of you at home have a
no collusion drinking game that would
have hurt we even heard the president's
legal team shift to collusions not a
crying defense I've been sitting here
looking at the federal code trying to
find collusion as a crime it's not
collusion is not a crime collusion is
not a crime who cares if you didn't do
it this morning there's a new report out
in The New York Times the plot sits
avert an election that extraordinarily
lays out a detailed account of what
exactly we know and don't know about the
Russian attack quote the Russians
carried out in landmark intervention
that will be examined for decades to
come
acting on the personal animus of mr.
Putin public and private instruments of
Russian power moved with daring and
skill to harness the currents of
American politics well-connected
Russians worked aggressively to recruit
or influence people inside the Trump
campaign Scott Shan is a national
security reporter for the New York Times
he co-wrote this comprehensive look back
on the evolution of the relationship
between President Trump and Putin and my
dear friend Malcolm Nance is the author
of both the plot to hack America in the
plot to destroy democracy Scott stunning
peace Bravo to you what work walk me
through this massive cadre of
information that you have pulled what is
the one detail that you want people to
take away from your report well I think
one of the things that struck me and my
colleague mark Mazzetti as we started to
try to reconstruct this story which has
come out you know over many months in
dribs and drabs is the the
kind of simultaneous things that were
going on first the three parts of the
Russian attack there was the hacking and
leaking there was the fake American
accounts on social media on Facebook and
Twitter and then there were these sort
of mysterious outreaches to various
Trump associates and and that all seemed
to sort of speed up and get into high
gear just as candidate Donald Trump was
emerging from the pack
and becoming you know the likely nominee
in the spring of 2016 so when you go
back and look at the timeline you see
literally for example that on March 15th
when Trump won five primaries and you
know really people were beginning to say
wow he is going to be the Republican
nominee on that very day military
intelligence officers in Moscow first
started probing the DNC servers with you
know with what would become a major hack
and leak you could take your feelings
about Donald Trump good bad or otherwise
out and when you go through this piece
it's devastating if you actually love
our democracy Malcolm you have written
extensively on this topic and I want to
share it one thing that Shane points out
in the article that stuck out to me the
reach of their effort was impressive
2,700 fake facebook accounts 80,000
posts
many of them with elaborate images with
catchy slogans and an eventual audience
of 126 million Americans on Facebook
alone that was not far short of the 137
million people who would vote in the
2016 presidential election
for me that is stunning is the
administration doing enough to prevent
this type of attack going forward well
the administration is doing absolutely
nothing I mean we've been at this for
over two years actually with any station
MSNBC and and I recall in the in July
2016 we
it was almost we were being called
conspiracy theorists we've all been
attic reporting about it talking about
it we're not in a position to prevent it
you're right and the administration from
even then before the election the Trump
team and the Republican Party wanted
nothing to do with this Mitch McConnell
himself did not want the US intelligence
community John Brennan to even mentioned
the Russians names when the Obama
administration was going to call them
out for this activity we there has been
nothing done from the senior
administration level to protect this
nation from an attack like this
happening again in fact I wouldn't be
surprised if they even welcomed it well
it would be great if Sheryl Sandberg and
company were leaning into this problem
Scott it wasn't just the ads that
boosted the influence of Russians it was
the free accounts and this is what stuck
out to me the messages and the the
messages those are what spread virally
because people thought you know that
they were true that they were native how
does that get tackled in the future well
I think yeah exactly I mean you know
initially the reports were from Facebook
which took almost a year to acknowledge
this activity the initial report was
that Russian this Russian company the
internet research agency had spent about
a hundred thousand dollars on ads and
that's not much it was in an election in
which the Clinton campaign and the Trump
campaign each spent tens of millions of
dollars on Facebook ads but pretty soon
when you looked a little more closely it
was obvious that that was not the sort
of business model that instead they came
up with these you know very volatile
themes on race on guns on immigration
you know designed to sort of provoke
people and and the the goal was to get
people to spread them virally and and it
was really you know very successful you
know I wrote I wrote about this group
called heart of Texas a Facebook page
called heart of Texas that summoned
people to a rally against an Islamic
center
in the center of Houston the the Salam
exciter had been there for 14 years you
know people were accustomed to it and
suddenly people were outside with guns
protesting this Center and it was all
called using these you know these these
Facebook posts and Twitter posts from
st. Petersburg Russia Malcolm one of the
reasons because it wasn't just about
Vladimir Putin wanting to help President
Trump he had deep disdain for Hillary
Clinton and something that has stuck out
to all of us if there is nope if there
was no collusion President Trump and his
administration could step out of the box
and say we need to take action we need
to prevent this and they haven't now but
even then no one from the Trump campaign
alerted authorities about the contact
from Russians do we know any instances
from the past where a foreign power has
tried to infiltrate a campaign and the
authorities were not alerted no I don't
think there have been any and Scott made
it an actual Morning Joe this morning he
mentioned one about Adlai Stevenson but
there have been many attempts by foreign
powers to hack into elections John
McCain's Barack Obama's every time they
went to law enforcement and brought to
their attention that there was foreign
influence operations trying to penetrate
their campaigns this campaign has been
fundamentally different they you know
and I think that their collusion starts
a lot or conspiracy starts a lot earlier
than 2013 2014 I think it starts back in
2012 but for the most part they don't
seem to be interested in justice they
don't seem to be interested in the
defense of the United States when it
comes to Russian influence and
information warfare operations and the
only thing that that can spell out is
that they are in conspiracy with them
and they are using every tool of power
their Masters of the Universe attitude
to make it so that they will not be
investigated which of course could lead
to the fall of this government and
that's what's mind-blowing you can't put
the toothpaste back in the tube
President Trump is the president how
about investigate and go after Russia
I don't actually think president from
space would not hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
