thanks to at home for joining us this
our very happy to have you with us so
Ronald Reagan at the very end of his
presidency he lost one
everybody had thought he was going to
put Anthony Kennedy on the Supreme Court
candidly had been to the White House had
reportedly believed himself that he had
been picked for the courts but then at
the very last minute conservative
staffers in the Reagan White House
intervened and said no no we have a
different guy we would prefer for the
seat better choice somebody we like more
and so this man who you see here with
Reagan Douglas Ginsburg he jumped to the
head of the line and he got the
nomination and then it all fell apart
Reagan didn't get him onto the court and
immediately everybody started to trying
to fit everybody started trying to
figure out who they were going to blame
in the Reagan White House for this
political disaster President Reagan
today suffered his second defeat in
trying to fill a seat on the US Supreme
Court when the man he nominated only
nine days ago Douglas Ginsburg asked
that his name be withdrawn it was an
embarrassing admission of marijuana use
that doomed Ginsburg White House
officials knew he could never win
confirmation the front-runner to become
the new nominee is considered to be
Judge Anthony Kennedy of California with
more on the Ginsburg withdrawal NBC News
White House correspondent Robin Lloyd
it all happened quickly for Douglas
Ginsburg less than 48 hours from the
time he first disclosed that he had
smoked marijuana he was at the White
House calling it quits I have today
asked President Reagan not to forward my
nomination to the Supreme Court in a
written statement the president accepted
Ginsburg's decision with regret and
commended him for his selflessness and
clear-thinking
late this afternoon attorney general ed
Meese who had pushed hard for the
Ginsburg nomination was dodging any
blame but nobody had a candidate I
didn't have one Howard Baker didn't have
one this is something where we had a
list of candidates that was presented to
the president together we provided the
information to him and he ultimately
made the selection nobody in the White
House is blaming anyone for the ginsburg
fiasco but privately many are grumbling
that the Justice Department didn't do
its homework in the preliminary FBI
investigate
Ginsberg was never asked if he had ever
used drugs only whether he had ever
abused them or had an addiction problem
former White House aide David Gorgon in
this case the President must look to his
Justice Department say why what happened
fellows why didn't you do this right
senior White House aides say the next
nominee is likely to be California
federal appeals court judge Anthony
Kennedy a moderate conservative Kennedy
had been the choice of chief of staff
Howard Baker who felt he would be easier
to confirm than Ginsburg White House
aides say they hope to announce a new
nominee by early next week they say
there will be a preliminary FBI check
done before anyone is nominated and at
this time the candidate will be asked if
he ever used drugs
Robin Lloyd NBC News at the White House
so that was the Saturday night newscast
on NBC News November 7 1987 the day that
Supreme Court nominee Douglas Ginsburg
had to withdraw from consideration as a
Supreme Court nominee now as I mentioned
before they picked Ginsburg before they
picked Ginsburg for that seat on the
court they had previously been thinking
about nominating a judge named Anthony
Kennedy instead by the next day though
after this newscast about Ginsburg
withdrawing on November 8th by then we
knew that Anthony Kennedy was already
back at the White House by the by Sunday
that weekend Anthony Kennedy was at the
White House being subjected to a three
hour long interview by a whole panel of
senior officials including the Attorney
General and the White House Counsel and
the Republican leader in the Senate we
know that we know that Kennedy was at
the White House being interviewed the
day after Ginsburg withdrew because of
notes filed by Reagan's White House
Counsel AP culvahouse which you can now
get from the Ronald Reagan Presidential
Library so the timeline here was on
Saturday Ginsberg dropped out on Sunday
the very next day according to Colville
houses know it's quote three-hour
interview of judge Kennedy at the White
House quote the interview focused solely
on personal background and integrity
issues all conceivable no-holds-barred
questions were asked
so that was Sunday all conceivable
no-holds-barred questions being asked
then on Monday and Tuesday quote in
excess of ten hours of FBI interviews of
judge Kennedy so they were not gonna let
the Douglas Ginsburg mistake happen
again
apparently the FBI background check on
Douglas Ginsburg had asked him if you
had ever had a drug problem but it had
never asked him if he'd ever done drugs
the interview questions for Kennedy we
now know left no such wiggle room these
are some of the questions personal
background subsection one childhood
through high school did you ever use
alcohol if so how old were you how often
at parties alone did you ever use drugs
how about glue-sniffing specifically did
you ever use your parent's prescription
drugs did you attend parties where drugs
were used and that type oh there was
actually in the letters sorry the notes
from culvahouse that's they misspelled
parties then later on and their
questioning they asked again from when
Kennedy is in college all the same
questions about alcohol but the drug
questions they changed a little bit
quote in college did you ever use drugs
once again glue-sniffing also marijuana
cocaine etc did you attend parties again
misspelled where drugs were used then
they asked Kennedy about Law School
apparently by the time they got to got
him to law school they thought
glue-sniffing would no longer be an
option but for his time in law school
they again asked him did you ever use
drugs
if so marijuana cocaine etc how often
did you attend parties where drugs were
used when Ronald Reagan's Supreme Court
nominee Douglas Ginsburg had flamed out
right before Kennedy it was a big
embarrassment for the Reagan White House
made the cover of Newsweek magazine
right it was a big political failure
also just a big embarrassment for the
White House and the president they
decided they would blame the FBI and
blame the Justice Department for not
having adequately explored all elements
of Douglas Ginsburg's background before
that nomination was announced and when
they replaced Douglas Ginsburg with a
new nominee with Anthony Kennedy they
made sure there would be no similar and
nursing surprises that arose out of
Kennedy's background the questions got
very very very detailed so ultimately
Anthony Kennedy gets confirmed that was
Reagan's last nominee then George HW
Bush was elected to be the next
president first nominee he put on the
Supreme Court was David Souter who was
confirmed without much controversy at
the time then in 1991 President Bush
nominated Clarence Thomas and so by the
time Thomas is nominated by that point
there's a well-established expectation
that the FBI has to be pretty freakin
thorough when it comes to background
checks for Supreme Court nominees we're
not gonna have another gut Douglas
Ginsburg situation here right I mean
what the FBI does with these nominees
it's not a criminal investigation like
they would do if they were planning to
potentially prosecute someone it's just
a review a very comprehensive review of
every little thing in the life history
of that nominee to see if there's any
derogatory information that might
reflect badly on the character or the
experience of this nominee and honestly
remembering that Douglas Ginsburg Fiasco
the FBI background check for nominees is
also supposed to turn up information
that might end up adversely affecting
the prospects of confirming that nominee
to the court right that's why the FBI
background check on a potential nominee
is handed over to the White House so the
White House can then make a decision
based in part on that background check
whether or not they should go ahead and
nominate that person for the court so
when Clarence Thomas was nominated by
President George HW Bush in 1991 his
former assistant a lawyer named Anita
Hill notified the Senate Judiciary
Committee which was considering his
nomination that when she had worked for
Judge Thomas he had sexually harassed
her now whether or not that would be
considered a crime whether or not that
was you know considered to be within the
statute of limitations for any
conceivable crime related to those
charges that wasn't the point the
allegation was instead relevant as a
factor in his background check it was
relevant to the assessment of Judge
Thomas as a potential Supreme Court
nominee and when the Judiciary Committee
that information from Anita Hill that
information got sent to the FBI the
Judiciary Committee sent that
information to the White House on
September 23rd 1991 that same day
September 23rd the White House Counsel
for President Bush a man named C Boyden
gray who was poppy Bush's White House
Counsel for all four years that poppy
Bush was president C Boyden gray that
same day asked the FBI to reopen its
background investigation of Judge
Clarence Thomas to look into this new
sexual harassment allegation made by
Professor Hill that moment judiciary
committee gets the information from
Anita Hill they forwarded to the White
House that same day the White House
tells tells the FBI hey look into this
that was not the stop the presses moment
in the Anita Hill Clarence Thomas
controversy there was not any big fight
about this I mean the White House
learned there were new allegations of
derogatory information about Clarence
Thomas since the FBI was in charge of
looking into the nominee and documenting
potential derogatory information about
him the White House naturally asked the
FBI to look into this new information -
we actually spoke with see Boyd and gray
today about that moment in the Clarence
Thomas nomination process mr. gray
confirmed for us today this basic
timeline about how this went down
basically confirmed the understanding
that we have from looking at the
historical record that this was this
part of it just wasn't a pivotal moment
in this controversy the FBI did reopen
its background investigation of Clarence
Thomas to add this matter when the White
House asked them to the FBI when they
received this request in the White House
they went out and they interviewed Judge
Thomas about it they interviewed Anita
Hill about it
C Boyden gray told us by phone today
quote what they interviewed Anita Hill
about was the basic facts I mean the FBI
inquiry such as it was was very basic
very quick there was any controversy
about it at all as was it was too
cursory it was too unimportant the very
same day that White House Counsel C
Boyden gray asked the FBI to go
into this allegation about Judge Thomas
that exact same day September 23rd is
when the FBI conducted their interview
with Anita Hill on that issue by two
days later by September 25th they were
done they didn't produce a you know
conclusive report that even tried to
definitively assert whether or not the
sexual harassment had in fact happened
they just put together this very basic
report basically yeah we talked to him
yeah we talked to her this is what they
said that was kind of it the FBI gave
that info back to the White House the
White House gave it back to the
committee most senators didn't even know
that that had happened most senators
were not terribly moved by the the
addition of by this addition to the body
of information they had to work with
when it came to Clarence Thomas if they
knew about it at all
Thomas's confirmation hearings by this
point we're done two days after the FBI
handed over it's relatively cursory
report on these allegations the
committee voted on Clarence Clarence
Thomas's nomination they voted 7 to 7 so
that meant his nomination was headed to
the floor with a sort of uncertain
recommendation what actually broke this
story open the whole reason any of us
even know about these allegations and
the controversy that ensued is because
of nothing to do with the FBI has to do
with Nina Totenberg Nina Totenberg
legendary Supreme Court reporter today
and frankly for your whole life she had
been the one back in 1987 who broke the
news at NPR that Douglas Ginsburg had
smoked pot and she had witnesses who
attested to that she's the one who blew
up the Douglas Ginsburg nomination Nina
Totenberg was also the one four years
later in the fall of 1991 who reported
that professor Anita Hill had made these
very serious very detailed allegations
against judge Clarence Thomas and
whether or not most senators even knew
about those allegations the committee
had had that information and the FBI had
even questioned people about those
allegations at the White House's request
and saw the White House knew about it
too when Nina Totenberg broke the story
that's when the story truly broke for
the country that's when Anita Hills
allegations came to light in the press
and before the week was up the committee
had decided okay I guess we better
reopen the confirmation process for
Clarence Thomas we better take public
sworn testimony from both Anita Hill and
Clarence Thomas and that hearing of
course is still seen today as one of the
worst examples of how not to treat a
person who is coming forward with
serious sexual harassment allegations
but for all of the controversy all of
the drama all of the cultural
significance and pain and precedent of
that unbelievably controversial Supreme
Court nomination and that process the
idea that the FBI would take a look
the FBI would interview the principal's
maybe talk to some other witnesses once
that new allegation came to light that
was an absolutely mundane part of the
process of course the FBI had to look
into that right they had done a
background check on this nominee
again a background check is not a
criminal investigation a background
check is to find out everything you can
write about a nominate see if there's
any allegations outstanding out there
about a nominee that the White House
ought to know about when putting this
person forward that the Senate maybe I
ought to know about when considering
this person as a potential Supreme Court
justice I when there's a new allegation
to add to the universe of information
about this nominee the background check
should clearly cover that new allegation
- that was not a controversial part of
the Clarence Thomas Anita Hill drama
again any controversy over the FBI
investigation there was that it was too
quick too cursory too Monday in a part
of the process but for some reason with
this nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to
fill Anthony Kennedy's now vacated seat
on the court Republicans in the Senate
and apparently the White House as well
they have decided they're gonna fight
tooth and nail to stop that very mundane
part of the process from happening this
time I mean of course this allegation
against Brett Kavanaugh is gonna be
controversial this Supreme Court
nomination was controversial even before
we got to this allegation against him so
you know of course with an allegation
like this he's being accused of
attempted rape when he was 17 years old
and with an allegation of this nature at
a time like this with
stakes this high of course you expect
there to be drama and chest pounding and
self-serving arguments and theatrics and
all the rest of it but fighting to make
sure the FBI doesn't look into this as
part of his background check it's a
strange thing to fight for Orrin Hatch
was on the Judiciary Committee back at
the time of the Clarence Thomas Anita
Hill controversy he has now gone so far
as to say quote the FBI does not do
investigations like this that is exactly
wrong that is 100% completely wrong I
mean here is senator hatch himself in
1991 in the Clarence Thomas and Anita
Hill hearings expressing his delight his
satisfaction that the FBI was
investigating those claims as part of
their background check on Clarence
Thomas they immediately ordered this FBI
investigation which was a very right
thing to do it's the appropriate thing
to do not just right very right right
which is why it was done then
so when orrin hatch today says the FBI
doesn't do investigations like this then
honestly what was he praising back in
1991 what was he so excited about then
if the FBI doesn't actually do this
being a hypocrite having a partisan
double standard I understand that is
like breathing in politics these days I
get it but flat-out asserting you know
this is not done it would be crazy it
would be a departure from precedent to
have the FBI investigate something like
this when these guys themselves have
been through this process before it's
just it strikes me as odd it's just a
weird place to have a sticking point
this is not a normal kind of fight
Republican Senator Chuck Grassley who
now runs the Judiciary Committee he was
there on the committee for its for the
FBI reopening its background check
process to look into the Anita Hill
allegations against Clarence Thomas back
in the day he was there for that he saw
that happen he knows it happened he
didn't have any problem with that
process
nobody had any problem with that process
it was a mundane part of how this sort
of thing is handled but now senator
Grassley insists that it can't happen
here it can't happen here with this
allegation against Brett Kavanaugh your
Senator Grassley
today quote committee investigators are
following up on the leads from dr. Ford
allegations and news stories no other
outside all-caps
outside investigation is necessary for
the committee to do its investigation
yeah but why not have the FBI look into
it since that is what they do for
Supreme Court nominees and for all other
nominees for which they do background
checks why are you trying so hard to
stop the FBI from looking at this which
would again be the normal process here
what's the problem with them looking
into it this is also perhaps a good
point to remember that when senator
Grassley talks about how he only wants
his staff to look into these things
instead of anybody outside instead of
the FBI there's no need for anybody else
other than his staff to look into this
one of chairman Grassley staff members
who works with him on this committee on
judicial nominations specifically is
named Barbara Aladeen if the name
Barbara Dean is familiar to you in the
context of Bret Cavanaugh's nomination
you might remember from his confirmation
hearings that controversy over whether
or not Brett Kavanaugh ever received
documents when he worked in the Bush
White House that had been stolen from
Senate Democrats you might remember in
that controversy there was a sort of
smoking gun piece of evidence produced
during the confirmation hearings which
showed that Brett Kavanaugh had in fact
received documents stolen from Democrats
while he worked in the bush White House
and he had to have known they were
stolen
despite his assertions to the contrary
under oath in part because of what we
could see in the document which was sent
to him and which Brett Kavanaugh
forwarded from his White House email
account in 2003 this is the document
where the subject line was literally
quote spying and the first line was
quote I have a friend who was a mole for
us that email goes on to contain a bunch
of information that was stolen from
Democratic senators the person who
authored that email which Brett
Kavanaugh forwarded as a very
interesting email the person who wrote
that email was Barbara Lee Dean the same
person who now works as a staffer for
Chuck Grassley on the Judiciary
Committee
is considering the nomination of
Kavanaugh to be a Supreme Court justice
so when Chuck Grassley says now listen
it's very important that the FBI not
look into this my staff will handle it
don't worry I've got all the best people
on this nobody else other than my staff
needs to look at it well one of the
people who works for him on that
committee on judicial nominations is the
same person who had the mole who sent
Brett Kavanaugh the spying information
right which became a matter of serious
contention in his confirmation hearing I
mean in an alternate universe that might
ultimately have somebody like Brett
Kavanaugh prosecuted for perjury or
potentially impeached from the judgeship
that he's got now we actually asked the
committee today whether chuck Grassley
has Barbara ladino self police say quote
following up on the leads from dr.
Ford's allegations the committee told us
that no Barbara ladina is not personally
assigned to be one of these
investigators into Cavanaugh's into this
allegation against Cavanaugh but the
committee also would not tell us who any
of the investigators are so nobody knows
why this is the hang-up again the FBI
looking into new alleged derogatory
information about a nominee that's the
bread and butter of what the FBI does
with background checks on nominees
stopping the FBI from looking into this
is a big break from precedent and nobody
knows why the Republicans are doing it
as of tonight it remains unclear as to
whether or not professor Christine Blasi
Ford will testify to the Judiciary
Committee on Monday or at any other time
since the Republicans on the committee
and the White House seem to be digging
in their heels and insisting that there
can be no FBI investigation of her
claims despite the fact that that would
be standard practice for an issue like
this when it comes to predicting what's
gonna happen here we've got these two
very interesting things playing out side
by side neither of which you would
expect right but both of which are now
happening on the one hand we're still
waiting for some sort of credible
explanation from the Republicans and
from the White House as to why this case
is so special why they are so invested
in making sure that the FBI doesn't look
into this right the argue
that this isn't what the FBI does is
factually incorrect that's absolutely
not true that can't be the reason if
that's not the reason then what is the
reason that they're so desperate to not
have the FBI look at this so that's
happening and then parallel to that when
it comes to assessing the credibility of
this accusation we are now in this sort
of remarkable situation where the woman
who has brought forth this allegation
she is begging for FBI scrutiny of her
claims she's made a claim against judge
Cavanaugh judge Cavanaugh supporters do
not want any law enforcement agency
looking into it she on the other hand is
begging for the nation's premier law
enforcement agency to look into it she's
not just inviting scrutiny of her claims
she's doing everything she can to try to
get independent federal law enforcement
scrutiny of her claims and I don't know
anything more about her claims other
than what has been reported in the press
but if you were making something up if
you were gonna tell a high-stakes lie
because you wanted to take somebody out
for whatever reason would you beg the
FBI to look into it I mean it's not a
crime to lie to the Washington Post it's
not a crime to tell a lie in a letter to
your member of Congress it is definitely
a crime to lie to the FBI it's a serious
crime a crime that people go to prison
for why would you ask for FBI scrutiny
if you had any doubt about your own
story and if Republicans in the Senate
and and and if the White House has no
doubt whatsoever in judge Cavanaugh's
denials of this allegation why would
they worry about the FBI looking into it
apparently there is a memorandum of
understanding between the White House
and the Justice Department which governs
the rules by which these background
check arrangements are made when it
comes to White House nominees and the
FBI we are trying to get a hold of that
memorandum of understanding as of yet we
don't have it but we think we probably
will get at some point at some point
soon in the absence of actually seeing
that written memorandum about how these
things go though what we understand is
that it has to be a request from the
White House to the FBI if the FBI is
going to look into this matter
for whatever reason the White House is
refusing to give that directive to the
FBI I mean the White House should be
governed by precedent on this right
there's no reason for them to completely
depart from precedent and refuse to give
that directive to the FBI but that's
apparently what they're trying to hold
on to without ever explaining themselves
about it after who else might be able to
investigate this matter well it was
reported today that when Senator Dianne
Feinstein was first considering what to
do with this allegation that she
received from her constituent in
California she inquired as to whether or
not the committee judicial your
Judiciary Committee could hire an
outside independent counsel to look at
this allegation to interview witnesses
interview the principals look into it
the senators would have some sort of
factual investigative basis to proceed
if they wanted to hold a hearing on this
issue senator Feinstein was reportedly
told that there is a process for
arranging something like that but it
would require going through the Rules
Committee in the Senate and it would
require sign-off from multiple
Republicans in the Senate
Feinstein decided that kind of a process
would be too risky in terms of
preserving the anonymity of her
constituent who at that point didn't
want her name to be used but now
professor Christine Blasi for it has an
app allowed her name to be used so could
that process of obtaining some sort of
outside investigation some sort of
outside counsel be put in place now if
the White House and Republicans in the
Senate absolutely refused to let the FBI
look into this is there a way that
somebody else could that's next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
