thing one tonight as we all know we have
a president who just says stuff and
we've all become accustomed to it but
it's still remarkable to watch how the
White House has to go in to scramble
mode every single time the Trump just
make something up
Monday morning he tweeted that quote
criminals and unknown Middle Easterners
oh no are mixed in with the migrant
caravan traveling through Central
America he's just making that up to
scare everyone but Mike pants got the
duty of having to explain how it must be
true because you know statistics it's
inconceivable that there are not people
of Middle Eastern descent in a crowd of
more than 7,000 people advancing toward
our border Middle Eastern descent
inconceivable there aren't sweep what
Trump make something up Pence goes out
to make it true
the same thing is happening with the new
pretend tax cut the president has pulled
out of nowhere washing Post reported
that neither officials on Capitol Hill
nor his administration knew anything
about it because it didn't exist when
Trump told reporters over the weekend
that middle-income Americans would
receive a 10% tax cut before the
midterms which is of course not even
possible because Congress is in recess
until after the election so then the
White House sent Larry Kudlow out to the
driveway to make sure nobody thinks the
president is a pathological liar who
just makes things up we're working on it
that's doable we're just working through
it we're working on it president Trump
promises made promises kept we're
working through the Ways and Means as
you have to do in these things okay yeah
you got to work through it we're working
on it promises made promises cap now
there was one Trump lie this week that
could not be explained away but it meant
the FBI had to go looking for pictures
of two men hugging and that's thing too
in 60 seconds
last month in an interview with a
right-wing website called Daily Caller
Donald Trump made an extraordinary claim
a claim that if true could shake the
very foundations of the Russia probe
Special Counsel Robert Muller is totally
conflicted Trump said he's best friends
with former FBI director James Comey
Trump said Oh
but it's worse than that I quote him
here I could give you 100 pictures of
him and co me hugging and kissing each
other 100 pictures of them hugging and
kissing okay that sure sounds scandalous
Strange Daily Caller just printed the
claim without question because that's
what the Daily Caller is there for but
lucky for us a reporter at BuzzFeed
named Jason Leopold practiced some
actual journalism and Leopold made a
Freedom of Information Act request with
the FBI his request please please send
the hundred pictures of Comey and Muller
hugging and kissing thank you a month
went by now the FBI is responded brace
yourselves quote we were unable to
locate records responsive to your
request therefore your request is being
administrative leak losed perhaps that
was a whole lot of trouble just to
confirm that Strunk just makes up stuff
but James Comey was pleased quote my
life my wife is so relieved
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
