the recovery and all of the efforts we
made in Puerto Rico it's been an
incredible tough situation but we fought
and we are winning that one big we stand
with Puerto Rico and we are helping them
to rebuild stronger and better than ever
before and that's what's happening -
thank you
president Trump has had a lot to say
about Puerto Rico over the past year
bouncing between criticizing the islands
infrastructure management and praising
his own response to Hurricane Maria and
just last week he went even further
calling into question the death toll
from the storm which according to George
Washington University study stands at
nearly 3,000 will speak with Puerto
Rico's governor in just a moment but
first let's bring in the Dean of the
Milken Institute School of Public Health
at George Washington University dr. Lynn
Goldman
she's co-author of the study that
ultimately led to the revision of the
official death toll for Hurricane Maria
dr. Goldman thank you for being with us
this morning
I would just want to read again for our
audience president tweet trump's tweet
of last week he wrote when Trump visited
the island territory last October
officials told him in a briefing 16
people had died from Maria he's quoting
The Washington Post there he goes on to
write this was long after the hurricane
took place over many months it went to
64 people then like magic
3,000 people killed he goes on they
hired gwu research to tell them how many
people had died in Puerto Rico how would
they not know this this method was never
done with previous hurricanes because
other jurisdictions know how many people
were killed 50 times last original
number no way writes the president he
also blamed Democrats for the death toll
let me just get it specify a little bit
I'll let you answer directly the
president's tweet but the term excess
deaths in your study 2975 excess deaths
what does that term mean exactly so what
that really means is that compared to a
normal year when there had been no
hurricane we would have expected that
2975 people who lost their lives between
September of 2017 and February of 2018
wouldn't would not have died and so that
we could therefore attribute those
deaths to Hurricane Maria either
directly or indirectly
and so what do you say to the president
questioning that methodology and calling
it magic well there's no real magic to
it at all we are able to look at the
officially certified deaths that come
from the government of Puerto Rico were
able to understand the net number of
people on the island at any given time
through migration eight percent of the
people on Puerto Rico actually left the
island between September 2017 and
February 2018 we had to factor that in
we can look over past years the patterns
of death by season by year and used
mathematical modeling to make sure that
we aren't being caught unaware by some
kind of a you know random fluctuation
and so it's it's actually fairly precise
science that we can apply to this to be
able to come up the estimate it's it
really exactly two thousand nine hundred
and seventy five it's with it's very
close to that within a fairly small
margin of error it's a statistical and
excess so dr. Goldman if you could first
of all how long did your study your
research study take to put together
that's one question the second question
is could you please explain to people
who are legitimately confused about how
this number exploded to the number that
you came up with how easy it is to find
people deaths to find to catalogue
deaths of people who died as a result of
being deprived of normal health services
during the course of the hurricane so
that is one of the major factors is that
you know when you have a breakdown of
not only normal health services but also
transportation systems the power grid
going down then there are many things
that can happen to people that can lead
to death that otherwise wouldn't have
happened for example some of the stories
that we heard where people were unable
to power oxygen machines that were at
home were unable to obtain emergency
assistance with in a timely fashion
because of roads being down their loved
ones died
home or they died on the way to the
hospital whereas perhaps in a normal
year those people would not have lost
their lives but it it took it took a few
months to do the work we had to make
sure they had assembled all the records
we needed to go through the airline data
to understand about how many people were
coming in and out up where do we go
every day and and we took a lot of care
with the statistical analysis to make
sure that we could develop a number for
the government of Puerto Rico that would
be as close to reality as possible dr.
Lin golden the Dean of Milken Institute
School of Public Health at George
Washington University and the co-author
of the report that found 2975 excess
deaths in the wake of Hurricane Maria we
really appreciate you walking us through
those numbers thank you thank you and
we'll be right back with the Governor of
Puerto Rico to talk more about this when
Morning Joe comes right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
