we were back with the other top story
tonight Donald Trump ramping up his
attacks on none other than his own
appointed attorney general Jeff Sessions
saying in the new interview I don't have
an attorney general it's very sad later
he would not answer if he's gonna fire
sessions I'm disappointed in the
attorney general for numerous reasons
but we have an attorney general I'm
disappointed in the Attorney General for
many reasons and you understand that we
are looking at lots of different things
and then he went on to say this about
Paul Manafort are you concerned about
what Paul Manafort will tell
investigators no I'm not I'm not because
if he's honest and he is I think he's
going to tell as long as he tells the
truth it's 100%
I don't want to talk about it down with
me now Paul Butler a former federal
prosecutor and Matt Miller former
spokesperson for the Justice Department
Paul to you first President Trump saying
I don't have an attorney general well
that's absolutely not true what he
doesn't have is a personal fixer in Jeff
Sessions that's right Stephanie the
president's problem is that he has an
attorney general who understands that
the Justice Department represents the
United States and not Donald Trump the
president is mad for among other reasons
sessions didn't recuse himself from the
Russian investigation but sessions had a
gaping conflict of interest sessions
lied to the Congress about his own
involvement with the Russian so how
could he supervise that investigation
ultimately Stephanie the president's
beef isn't with sessions the president's
beef is with the rule of law okay Matt
why does he continue to riff on Jeff
sessions why not just fire him because
one of the issues he faces is Jeff
Sessions agenda is actually the policy
agenda that suits many Republicans Jeff
Sessions is a lifelong Republican the
issue where these two don't see eye to
eye is the Russia investigation which
voters don't have as a priority yeah
that's right and if you look at what
Jeff Sessions has done it's not just
been his policy agenda but really on a
number of other things in terms of
politicizing the department he has bent
over backwards to accommodate Donald
Trump in every way he possibly can you
know he's ordered up internal
investigations he's asked prosecutors to
comb through some of the conspiracy
theories that Donald Trump has advanced
the one thing he can't do is just
blatantly violate the OJ laws by
inserting himself into things he's
recused from or ordering up criminal
investigations when there's no criminal
predicates on the Russia investigation
right I think there are two things I
think up until now Trump has felt like
he's constrained by the Republican
majority in the Senate where sessions
has until the last few months had deep
and long lasting support and I don't
think he's been able to figure out a fix
going forward so it's one thing to fire
jeff Sessions but just elevating rod
Rosen Stein into that the Attorney
General job doesn't get Trump what he
really wants rod Rosen Stein isn't gonna
fire Moe rod Rosen Stein isn't gonna
shut down the investigation
and I doubt Trump has been able to
figure out a way to get someone into
that job wait you would care I don't
think I don't think we're - Julie I'll
get confirmed but I would say there's
another problem - which is you know
there are ways he could move other
officials from inside the government
into the job in an acting position I
doubt he's found someone yet who was
willing to be that blatantly political
to go and shut down the Moller probe
that is a Wow I want to play with
Hillary Clinton told Rachel Maddow last
night specifically about firing people
after the midterms what I worry about
Rachel is that after this election this
president's going to wholesale fire
people that's my prediction for tonight
like my prediction from last year and if
we don't have one or both houses of
Congress in place he will be even more
uncontrollable and unaccountable he will
fire people in the White House he will
fire people in his administration who he
thinks are crossing him questioning him
undermining him Wow well I don't know if
Hillary Clinton has a crystal ball
that's worrisome Paul do you think
wholesale firings are a possibility the
Stephanie that would be the real witch
hunt it will be reminiscent of the 50s
in which they were trying to purge all
these alleged communists and all of
these innocent hard-working people got
caught up in that investigation you know
one interesting thing we saw today is
that the president now is coming out
with new reasons to fire sessions he
brought up immigration for the first
time to Matt's point immigration
actually would be a good reason to fire
sessions he was the biggest cheerleader
for that cruel family separations policy
but we all know zero tolerance policies
that were only reversed after the media
attention the irony is that sessions is
probably the most effective cabinet
member at carrying out the president's
agenda not if you're talking about a
president who wants to put himself first
he certainly doesn't like Russia Russia
Russia
palmat thank you so much hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that your
with us and we appreciate that
