welcome back President Trump launched
one of his fiercest attacks yet on
Attorney General Jeff Sessions in an
interview with the hill the president
renewed his criticism of sessions for
his refusal from the Russia probe and
suggested he's not happy with his work
on things like immigration either
President Trump said quote I don't have
an attorney general it's very sad he
went on to say sessions performed very
poorly in his confirmation saying he was
mixed up and confused and people that
worked with him for you know a long time
in the Senate were not nice to him but
he was giving very confusing answers and
yet this is how President Trump
responded afterward when asked if he
will fire jeff Sessions we are looking
at lots of different things I have a
great cabinet we have the greatest
economy ever in the history of our
country so we're very happy with the way
things are running generally speaking
panels back gave Ayesha and Suzan
they're looking at lots of different
things why doesn't he just fire jeff
Sessions it could not be more painfully
obvious how many times various people
around Donald Trump have told him we
know you don't like Jeff Sessions but
you can't fire this guy mr. Magoo he
says he doesn't have an attorney general
it's very sad he was very confused
I mean he's putting him down at every
opportunity
yeah well and it's very clear that Jeff
Sessions knows that by the way if he
quits which a lot of other people would
do in this situation
that the Senate wouldn't be able to
confirm anyone else to replace him so
he's already been Senate confirmed and
put him in place for for at least a
temporary period of time
temporary being the operative term there
and you can imagine the outcry given
really what this is all about is the
Russia probe Lindsey Graham outcry
Lindsey Graham today was saying I'm
sorry I keep to thank devil's advocate
here but Lindsey Graham and Graham the
other day was saying that the president
should fire him then I think a few
others came out as well and said hey
listen it's it's a foregone conclusion I
mean there's a few things to take in
note of here first of all he went back
to his to his confirmation hearing which
me which was the reason why he ended up
recuse himself himself so it's
interesting that he's going back to see
what testimony he offered then so
that may be something that's going on in
the legal team so that's front and
center on his mind do you think that
because the president might have
rewatched it that's why it all I think
because he can't write there's no filter
so but the other thing is is I think
Jeff Sessions is also going to have the
opportunity to rewrite his history a
little bit and he may be the one who
says I stayed I dealt with this
president but I stayed because I wanted
to protect the Muller investors because
that's the only way I mean I'm not
saying it's shoot listen from from a
certain perspective he's done everything
the president wanted he did that
horrible policy separating children from
their parents he is not making any doing
anything to help criminal justice reform
so he's doing the president's bidding on
policy but the president can't get over
himself this is all about him and all of
that investigation and it goes no but it
goes no further than the president
looking where it is politically they are
alive he doesn't know what his job is I
mean the president's acting like you're
turning generals supposed to be his
personal attorney that's his problem
because he can't get what he wants at
Jeff Sessions has always been a
boogeyman
to those of us who didn't want him to
have that job the first time he wanted
that job right so he's actually doing
his own policy bidding and I think that
he is one of those members of leadership
in this administration who thinks that
he is a patriot who is doing whatever he
can do on behalf of the United States
despite this president and so I think
that he's in there doing stuff that we
might not even be watching and that will
have repercussions down the road
unfortunately yeah and by the way if
you're a Senate Democrat you would be
absolutely furious and they can't
believe they find themselves thinking
this if they got rid of Jeff Sessions
who by the way they can't stand but at
the same time it's a few weeks until the
midterms you know what they're saying
get rid of Jeff Sessions let's see what
happens so it's not just Jeff Sessions
that's getting the president's ire today
it's also the FBI he he described the
FBI as a cancer and says one of his
greatest achievements will be
eradicating the cancer at the FBI I hope
to be able to put this up as one of my
crowning achievements that I was able to
expose something that is truly a cancer
in our country the president
the United States is calling his FBI a
Cancer Society at your own government if
you're the head of it I mean this has
just gotten outrageous it's the most
unpatriotic president we've ever had who
literally has attacked every single
federal governmental institution that
he's supposed to be leading and guiding
and and the fact that like people aren't
up in arms about that and just
recognizing how just not a patriot how
he's hugging dictators it's a whole
other thing is just beyond me but it's
what you were saying earlier it's not
just that it's also a fundamental
misunderstanding of what the entire
Department of Justice does it's not
supposed to be his personal defense and
this is all about the Russia probe he
doesn't understand it bah bah bah bah
at the end of the day they're
investigating him he's looking to
declassify documents that the only
purpose it would serve to do it is to
get out in the press some basic evidence
that could be used against him for
personal against him in the Russian pro
what's interesting is that this may not
be another example of the president's
own administration slow-walking one of
his requests take a listen to this from
Ken Delaney Anna mica memory of NBC News
in response the Justice Department of
the FBI announced Monday they would
begin a declassification review of the
material that struck some intelligence
officials as a stalling tactic given
that the president is the ultimate
declassification authority and he has
already directed that the documents must
be declassified yeah interesting because
they've already been reviewed and
redacted and the president is going
wanting above and beyond what the FBI
has already said would be inappropriate
to release because of sources and
methods and that it will put our country
in danger but again Donald Trump number
one priority so what happens if they if
they they kind of put the brakes on it
they go through the review process does
the president wise up to it or is it one
of those scenarios where he doesn't
remember it
in today's couple days and then maybe a
month from now he'll say what about my I
mean I don't know what about my my
document well if we do believe that this
is being slowed often that way which by
the way would fit yet another pattern in
this administration where people who
fashion themselves to be the adults in
the room
he's gonna shadow shadow presidency
however there's also reason to believe
that that wouldn't happen in this case
specifically because one of the people
that's been pushing this whole
declassification effort is Devon Nunez
who's someone who still clearly if it's
not directly is somehow indirectly has
the president's ear so if this doesn't
happen soon there's a world in which you
start to hear more noise from House
Republicans particularly in that forget
Nunez or the president neither one have
actually read the documents so they
don't even know what's actually and you
know what is interesting Jay Sekulow
said the other day he has no idea what's
in the documents like he doesn't have a
he doesn't have a security clearance to
read them Devon Nunez has Devon Nunez
believes they're helpful but then again
that the Republican memo wasn't so
helpful the president isn't it
interesting that the Republicans are
hanging their hat and etosha Bertran of
the Atlantic wrote about this hanging
their hat on Carter page a man that
Russian spies called a useful idiot
I've stunned you into silence I've said
you into silence no I mean it's like
it's a matter of convenience they're
hanging their fire yes of course it can
how much worse is it going to get he's
in the 30s he's in the mid 30s if he's
not going to go below 32 31 he's not so
I don't think I think that would be
really hard to get the Republican base
in a midterm election year at that
number okay
right now but it's just another bit of
news and it's a bit of noise and that's
what's so frustrating for so many people
especially journalists like you too
because there are so many really
important stories to cover but things
like this just get blown over by what's
gonna happen in the Cavanaugh scenario
tomorrow and then that's gonna get blown
over by what Donald Trump says about
sessions to two days from now and it's
just sort administration that complains
about us not covering what they want us
to cover they have a president who's
constantly dragging us back and forcing
us to focus on the Russian investigation
on his fight with Jeff Sessions on his
Supreme Court nominee and the things he
says about him etc etc etc etc go on and
on yeah sometimes it's pretty clear that
he fashions his most important role as
the nation's assignment editor if
not ready it's doing then we're doing it
the Republican base cannot continue to
win national elections this was a fluke
the Donald Trump election was a fluke
right so I don't know what you say right
as if I'm agreeing at us I think it was
a fluke because I don't know what the
Republicans game is for their next
national election but this is hanging
their hat on to this president who is
literally like you said these I'm
interested in what's gonna happen with
suburban women who has people fleeing
away from him except for that 31 32
percent of the base I don't know how
they think they're gonna continue to win
big by hanging on they're not they're
gonna have to let him to go up at some
point and I'm just curious when that
points gonna be it's the hope is that
the whole country is so fractured that
nobody can agree on any one person and
then the person with the the most of the
minority ends up being the winner an
uplifting hope mmm don't go anywhere
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
