car maker Tesla is now facing a criminal
investigation over statements made by
their CEOs Elon Musk Bloomberg first
broke the news that the Department of
Justice is open to probe into fraud at
Tesla after musk roiled the markets last
month with a tweet he said and this is
the tweet he was considering taking the
company private at 420 dollars a share
Sunday
musk says he has since abandoned that
plan but the tweet has exposed him to
legal risk I mean this one is
extraordinary to me and it was at the
time in a statement Tesla said quote it
received a voluntary request for
documents from the Department of Justice
and has been cooperative in responding
to it we respect the Department of
Justice's desire to get information
about this and believe that the matter
should be quickly resolved
Tesla was already under a civil
investigation by the SEC Commission for
the claim so that's the important part
the SEC is a civil matter it's not
criminal the Department of Justice
handles criminal matters in many cases
they're both investigating similar
things we do just have to put this in
perspective for the audience when the
CEO of a publicly-traded company makes
any sort of statement it has to be
vetted it has to go through their legal
team when he says something like we've
got funding secured that is a market
this person has inside information right
and this is a market moving incident and
remember Elon Musk has been in a fight
with short sellers with journalists for
the last year and this is all coming at
a time when he's having production
problems with the model 3 and there he's
already promised that they're gonna have
a huge second half of the year it's huge
joining us now is Jesse Westbrook
financial regulations editor for
Bloomberg News Jesse good to see you
look for much of our audience they're
not steeped in these financial rules but
there are rules that govern how when
you're going to sell your company or you
looking at selling your company or
you're gonna do something material how
you distribute that information in a way
that everybody to whom it's important
gets it the same way and at the same
time that's and that's initially what
the problem is with what Elon Musk did
yeah I mean I don't think the the tweet
is really the issue in itself I mean
SCC's evolved the world
I mean a tweet could be pretty broad
dissemination I don't think the SEC
really has an issue with that the issue
is what Stephanie alluded to is whether
you're really being truthful when you
say you have funding secured now that
now that we have the the Justice
Department involved I mean for the SEC
they can kind of get him just for that
statement not being true if you said you
had funding secured and you didn't
that's a pretty pretty easy SEC case to
bring the Justice Department it's a it's
a much higher burden I mean they have to
sort of show that there was some
premeditated intent to mislead the
market and that's a lot of times found
in in emails that may or may not exist
something where you're you know you send
an email to a colleague saying I'm gonna
show those short-sellers once and for
all you know watch my Twitter feed at
4:00 p.m. today I'm gonna be clear
secure the implication is people are
shorting the stock which means they're
betting on it going down you make a
statement like this and a whole bunch of
investors see it and say or people see
it and say oh I'm gonna buy tesla stock
because this guy's gonna take it out at
420 bucks and it does the opposite of
what the short sellers expected it was
going to do so you could end up costing
people money with information that's not
actually and then those short sellers
take it right up the drawers if it's
misinformation yeah and I mean the stock
did initially jump but then people
pretty I mean the market figured out
pretty quickly that huh you know doozie
really have funding secured is he really
gonna get four hundred and twenty
dollars a share for this company and and
the stock has fallen something like 25
percent since that tweet so I mean you
can fool the market for some period of
time but you can't fool the market that
long and what have we heard from Tesla
because soon after it happened there
were some hazy conversation board
members one of which is his brother said
well you know he mentioned this in a
board meeting but saying in a board
meeting while you're trying to rescue
your company from a bad situation
hey maybe we take this thing private is
miles away from funding secured yeah I
mean I think that we have heard sort of
in dribs and drabs that the the board
was shocked by that initial tweet the
board had no idea as far as we know that
that that he had some sort of serious
plan he claimed that the Saudi Arabian
investment authority you know
big sovereign wealth fund in in Saudi
Arabia was where the funding was going
to come from I mean what we can be sure
about is that the sec and maybe the
Justice Department too are gonna talk to
all those parties to see who knew what
when they knew it and and you know what
was not revealed to the the market and
board members when what must made that
tweet and if we heard any statement
specifically from Elon Musk I mean this
guy has had a devastating week well it
was interesting in one of the the sort
of early reports New York Times
interviewed him and he said he didn't
regret the tweet I mean it's hard to see
why you wouldn't regret that tweet I
mean it's it might go down is one of the
most you know biggest unforced errors in
the history of corporate America I mean
the yes there have been other problems
with Tesla like you alluded to model
three production the company hasn't
returned to profit but I mean that tweet
the the distractions that it's created
the sort of insecurity and shareholders
that it's created I mean no CEO wants to
get even a voluntary request from the
Department of Justice I mean it's always
bad news if you're a corporation and the
Justice Department is knocking on your
door well never back down and never say
you're wrong
never say sorry many people compare Elon
Musk saying he's sort of the Donald
Trump of Corporate America and that is
the exact sort of roy cohn donald trump
playbook it's a stunning yeah I mean it
does seem like he I you know whether
whether shareholders agree with that and
whether shareholders remain confident in
the company I mean as I said a Justice
Department investigation is never a
positive thing and if you've got all
these others if she was a Tesla you know
questions about whether the model 3 is
ever gonna be scaled up questions about
whether the company is ever going to
make a profit and then the distraction
of the SEC and DOJ going through emails
you know talking to board members so on
and so forth I mean it's it's not it's
not positive it's definitely not
positive
Jeff sieh good to talk to you thank you
for joining us Jesse westbrook is a
financial regulation editor this week
ally Elon Musk has been sued by one of
the divers in Southeast Asia he is in
delivering pedophile yes he's in
delivery logistics hell he
now potentially has this has a probe
going on and Audi is now in production
this is a guy Elon Musk important for
many people they have thought of him as
the Leonardo da Vinci of our time right
this futurist this remarkably big
thinker that's killed but you know
you've got Richard Branson who manages
to make it through life without doing
stuff like this and still you know
really works outside of the normal lines
this is crazy
revolutionary outside the box thinkers
CEOs and then of course amidst all of
this drama what was it a week ago he
appeared on a podcast smoking weed yep
interesting character hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
