you deploy because your nation sends you
to these places and then one day you
come home when you realize it was all
alive our town is dying one out of every
four homes is an abandoned dilapidated
structure and you get told keep picking
up trash and let leaders do what leaders
do elected leaders in our towns in our
in our states in our country absolutely
our self-serving you know you come home
and you realize it I can take you five
minutes from here and show you where
kids have it worse than the kids I saw
in Iraq and Afghanistan so that's why I
come back here and I started speaking up
for the things that I believe in and I
will not shut up for nobody hmm that was
Richard Ojeda the Democrat running for
US Congress in West Virginia who gained
national attention for helping teachers
in the state when a pay raise Michael
Moore speaking with him there in his new
film so Eddie let's get you launched
into this conversation Michael was
talking a lot about the concern that
clinging to hope could even be dangerous
at this point but when you look at the
activism that this presidency has
sparked and you look at the people
running for office isn't that the beauty
of the process and isn't that helpful
absolutely I would want to make a
distinction between hope and optimism
optimism would be dangerous in this
moment right hope is is is I think the
source of the imaginative leap that
allows us to see beyond the darkness of
the moment when you are when you are
bereft of hope will you hope less it
becomes difficult to see what's possible
beyond the ugliness of now so I think
hope is absolutely essential but
optimism that step pen glossy and stuff
you know from Voltaire's Candide right
just just against of all possible worlds
we don't want to do that but I want to
say this really quick Donald Trump this
obsession with Trump absolves us of our
sins he becomes his shoulders bear the
national burden of the ugliness that's
in all of us
it's so easy for us to just displace it
all unto his shoulders and he becomes
the embodiment of the evil when Donald
Trump is in fact an exaggerated
indication of what's going on in
suburban white America what's going on
in rural white America was going on in
urban America that's being gentrified
right Donald Trump represents what is
really ugly about who we are and we're
always falling back into these
pollyannish stories about America always
on the road to a more perfect union
about the American idea and it secures
us from the fact that we don't have
clean water in Flint
that we have children playing in
playgrounds at East st. Louis that
aren't still toxic as they as they ruin
diva as they rid us of deregulation or
deregulate as it were so part of what
I'm trying to suggest here is that we
can focus on Trump but what Trump is is
not I don't want to use the language of
it makes it better for us he presents an
opportunity for them for us to actually
reimagine ourselves as a country in the
face of the ugliness that we see not
just in him but that we see in which
McConnell that we see a Paul Ryan that
we see in our neighbors that we see in
our workplace that we see all around the
country
Trump was just very indication of it all
to my mind but he sews doubt he sews
doubt in people I think it's one of the
the worst attributes someone can have to
be sowing doubt constantly about people
institutions facts its destructive its
divisive and Michael Steele jump in to
what Eddy is saying because I don't
think it's just about Trump I think this
is about the Republican Party do they
have a responsibility are they living up
to it IIIi would agree it's not just
about Trump but I don't think it's just
about the Republican Party Democrats
voted for Trump - and Democrats will
vote for Trump in 2020 and so that is
that is the underlying truth I think
Eddie puts his finger on a important an
important point about how this is
reflected back in so many ways on us
the truth of the matter is to the last
point you made Eddie I think we're here
because this is where we want to be I
mean we can sit back and we can you know
talk about a hope and we can talk about
change we can talk about optimism we are
where people want us to be and so we
don't move from here until we decide we
want to move from here so I guess I go
back to two Michael Moore's points that
he was making which begs the question
then what do you do because the truth of
the matter is people are where we are
because this is a reflection of the
moment and there are a lot of people
right now who listening to this
conversation ago well I'm perfectly fine
with this I'm okay I have a president
whose telling it like I want it told so
where's the counter narrative is the
counter narrative a continuing gnashing
of teeth about Donald Trump and how ugly
and dark these times up for a lot of
Americans there's light for them they
feel good right now they feel better
than they felt in a long time because
they got a fighter they got someone
who's gonna push back against the the
crazy system that is kept them down
there people who look at this flit
situation and go yeah that's because the
deep state wants it that way maybe Trump
will change that we don't know if that's
true or not if you will but for a lot of
people that's their hope and that's what
they're pushing on right now so we're
here because we want to be here and to
that point we don't know where we really
are gonna go but we certainly have seen
what we've been through and I think
Michael you had such an interesting
conversation you said with Steve Bannon
about his thoughts and it even affected
how you you've finished her film yes a
month or so ago I wanted him to come on
camera with me in my film and tell me
what how he pulled this off and and we
sat down for two hours at the end he
agreed smartly for himself probably not
to be am I
but he said the difference between our
side in your side is that we go for the
head wound and your side likes to have
pillow fights and the truth of that
statement just really you know was
searing to me because our side and you
talked about the Republican Party here
you've talked about trauma we really
haven't discussed the role that of the
old guard of the Democratic Party that
has kept back and has tried to stop the
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez's of our world
and and that look the largest political
party in America is called the
non-voters party over 100 million people
don't vote they don't vote in part
because states make it hard for them to
vote there's gerrymandering there's all
these things but then it's also because
they have reached the point of
hopelessness and they've seen that
neither party will help them what we
have on the ballot in November though
are a whole different group of
candidates you there there there are so
many progressive young women people that
you normally haven't seen on the ballot
before that you're gonna see now in
November that I think I hope will give a
reason for the non voters to come out we
should not be trying to convince Trump
voters at this point if you're so for
Trump after two years of what you've
seen I don't know what can be done
you're still welcome at Thanksgiving
dinner but that's about it we should be
spending every minute and ounce of our
energy on reaching out to people and
saying hey look who we've got in the
ballot this time it's not the same old
same old the people of Flint Michigan
yeah
they learned some time ago that the
Democratic Party wasn't going to come to
the rescue and I show in the film sadly
what the candidate and President Obama
did to depress the vote we have 8,000
african-americans in Flint who voted for
Obama in the first his two elections and
then did not vote for Hillary the
natural up to vote in 2016 they had
essentially given up because they were
being poisoned every day for a number of
years and and not getting any help but
there has been a shift in terms of who
is on the ballot in November and I am
encouraging non voters to come back just
this last time because it may be the
last time it may be Stephen Colbert
joked that he when he introduced Trump
after the election the last president of
the United States if that's funny
but there's some truth to it and we have
to understand that Trump he's always
lying but he's always telling the truth
he is telling you what he's up to what
he's going to do and how he's going to
make the country in His image and
likeness and this has to be stopped all
of us off the couch off the bench into
the game everybody even though so you
say you're a Republican
maybe we disagree on things but one
thing we agree on is we we our time is
up right now
Michael Moore the film is Fahrenheit 11
9 is in theaters nationwide this Friday
guys we only had a half hour this time
so we couldn't even get enough you guys
better come back again soon on ins new
book winners take all is in stores now
Eddie Susan Michael Steele thank you all
very much as well that's gonna do it for
us this morning thank you Michael set
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
