and Republicans will always protect
Americans with pre-existing conditions
we protect you
pre-existing conditions as president
Trump last night in Houston pushing his
message ahead of midterms to blunt
Democratic attacks on the GOP for trying
to strip away protections but let's dig
into pre-existing conditions and health
coverage in the United States in recent
years according to the Kaiser Family
Foundation more than 52 million
non-elderly Americans suffer from a
pre-existing condition 52 million for
which they could have been denied health
care before the Affordable Care Act went
into effect it's room important to
remember what counts as a pre-existing
condition diabetes heart disease genetic
diseases like muscular dystrophy
epilepsy cancer mental illness and there
are many more joining me now NBC News
political reporter and fact-checker
Jayne
Tim her latest article up now on
nbcnews.com goes into all of this Jane
this is crucial because this is at the
basis of what Obamacare was I people
seem to have forgotten they've got
amnesia about what life was like before
Obamacare if you had a pre-existing
condition President Trump says this we
totally support people with pre-existing
conditions how does that stack up to
your research it doesn't stack up Ally
we see the Justice Department Trump's
lawyers down in Texas arguing that the
coverage and the insurance that these
people will get through through
protections or pre-existing conditions
through Obamacare and that's illegal
and if they succeed in that lawsuit they
these can protections are toast they're
gone right and and remember again it's
insurance companies that insure you and
that's part of the problem also there's
another claim Republicans will also
protect patients with pre-existing
conditions similar problem absolutely
Republicans say that they support the
idea of keeping people with pre-existing
conditions covered but what Obamacare
did was make sure that you could get
coverage and you could get coverage at
the same rate as a healthy person
through insurance companies by saying
you really couldn't take into account
the person's health when you were giving
them a plan either denying them coverage
or just charging them so it's so
unaffordable you can't even get what
every which was possible by the way you
could always get some insurance policy
depending on what you had but the policy
cost would be greater than the cost of
your health care it could cost $20,000
thirty thousand dollars so when you take
they take the health out of the equation
people can actually get affordable
health care right and Republicans with
the plans that they have said is a
better a better replacement for
Obamacare or
they weaken these protections they say
you know what you can get access to that
care but you might not actually get
coverage for your pre-existing condition
that's a bill we see on Capitol Hill now
the Republicans say would keep people
with pre-existing conditions getting
care and they would get care but you
might see a cancer patient who quit buys
a plan right the only plan they can get
an afford that doesn't cover cancer so
for instance if I were completely
healthy and and determined to be
completely healthy went for insurance I
could probably pay less for my insurance
because it did not doesn't have to cover
anything that they know is already wrong
with me all right so sometimes President
rupture says these things and lets it go
but in this speech he mentioned it a few
times he also said on pre-existing
conditions a lot of people think it's
not a very Republican thing to do it is
now what do you make of that you know
this is the richest claim of them all
that when you have the Justice
Department and Texas fighting that these
things are illegal when you have
Republicans who have voted dozens and
dozens of times to get rid of Obamacare
when their protect their legislation
they propose weakens these protections
it's a really rich one to accept that
they are more the party of protecting
pre-existing conditions protections than
Democrats who have consistently
campaigned to keep these protections and
are the ones who put Obamacare on the
books right there may be lots of
problems with Obamacare you might have
lots of beef with people who promoted it
but that was actually at the center of
it it's pretty hard to remember think
that Republicans are the party of saving
healthcare and saving Obamacare as it is
when you remember Ted Cruz talking for
21 hours about and reading green eggs
and hail on the Senate floor about just
how much he hates Obamacare yeah all
right Jane thanks very much for your
fact-checking James him
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up now
