believe it or not we still cover
elections around here today and meet the
midterms we've been telling you about
all the signs of a potential blue wave
this November the president Trump's
insistence that there may be a red wave
apparently could end up backfiring for
his party and here's what we're talking
about there's been a poll that was
conducted for the RNC and was attained
by our friends over at Bloomberg
Businessweek and it found out that most
supporters of President Trump do not
think there's a threat that Democrats
will will win back the house
it showed that overall 71% of
respondents that Democrats likely would
win in November versus 25% who disagreed
but among self-described a strong
supporters of President Trump 57% said
they don't think Democrats have a chance
only 37% believe they do now why does
this all matter because it times also
reported on a focus group study by Trump
affiliated Trump affiliated group called
America first action were quote
conservative leaning voters in the study
routinely dismissed the possibility of a
democratic wave election with some
described in the Prospectus quote fake
news well folks there is a balance
between projecting confidence and
lulling people into a false sense of
complacency and now Republicans are
scrambling to drive out the president's
voters on election day but if you're the
president's supporters you were told he
couldn't win anyone so maybe that's why
they're complacent hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
