and we're continuing our breaking news
coverage of dr. Christine Blasi Ford's
demand of an FBI investigation of her
accusation of sexual assault against
Brett Kavanaugh before she testifies to
the Senate Judiciary Committee and we're
now going to reach back a few hours to
president Trump's surprising reaction
earlier today - dr. Ford's accusations
we have never seen President Trump like
this
it appears that Donald Trump is now
truly truly terrified Donald Trump must
feel the Supreme Court nomination of
Brett Kavanaugh slipping away and he
sounds desperately worried that he could
say something that makes it even more
difficult for Brett Kavanaugh to
continue to cling to the wreckage of his
nomination and so today when President
Trump was offered the opportunity to say
what everyone expected him to say in a
situation like this he refused to say it
he was asked if the accusation of sexual
assault against Brett Kavanaugh is all
politics the question was is this all
politics and this is what Donald Trump
said
I don't want to say that maybe I'll say
that in a couple of days but not now I
don't want to say that for once Donald
Trump is in the tight grip of his
handlers who have obviously told him
that this time he is not allowed to
attack a woman who was accusing someone
of sexual assault here's what Donald
Trump said about accusations like this
from women in Bob Woodward's new book
fear Donald Trump said you've got to
deny deny deny and push back on these
women but Donald Trump is not doing that
this time
Donald Trump is finally doing what his
handlers are telling him to do and that
has to be because Donald Trump is
terrified he is terrified of losing the
Supreme Court nominee who jumped out of
the pack of candidates because Brett
Kavanaugh was the only one who's writing
indicated he no longer believes the
President of the United States can be
subpoenaed to give testimony something
Brett Kavanaugh did believe when he was
working in the special prosecutor's
office that was investigating President
Bill Clinton Donald Trump was defensive
about Brett Kavanaugh today but not very
strongly he was just saying things like
he's an outstanding man and Donald Trump
complained about Senator Dianne
Feinstein not making these accusations
public earlier even though senator
Feinstein was working under a pledge to
maintain the privacy of professor
Christine blah support but after the
president's kind of mandatory and
half-hearted criticisms of senator
Feinstein and the Democrats Donald Trump
said something today that he has never
ever said before when he was accused of
sexual assault
we feel that we want to go through a
process and we want to hear both sides
we don't know that Donald Trump wants to
hear both sides in fact we know for sure
that he does not want to hear both sides
but imagine what it took imagine what it
took for the staff to force Donald Trump
to say we want to hear both sides Donald
Trump has to be terrified of Robert
Muller which means he is terrified that
he might be losing Brett Cavanaugh's
vote on the Supreme Court that could
save him
from having to face robert muller after
receiving a subpoena and so we are
seeing a donald trump we've never seen
before no angry tweets about Brett
Kavanaugh his accuser professor
Christine Blas afford no attacks on the
woman the man who has never ever ever
wanted to hear both sides of anything
suddenly says he wants to hear both
sides and that is because losing the
Cavanaugh confirmation fight is so
terrifying to Donald Trump that he is
actually following his advisors advice
but the problem for Donald Trump from
Brett Cavanaugh tonight is that the
thing Donald Trump was forced to say
today is the very thing that every
reasonable person left in this country
is thinking tonight we want to hear both
sides and the Brett Kavanaugh side we
already know is pretty simple nothing to
see here nothing happened this never
happened
that's what he's gonna say and we've
already seen Brett Kavanaugh sit at that
table in the Judiciary Committee so we
know what that's gonna sound like and so
what we want to hear both sides actually
means tonight is we want to hear the
woman who holds the future of the
Supreme Court in her hands we want to
hear the woman who Donald Trump now
fears more than any woman in the world
we want to hear professor Christine
Rossi Ford and you know that no matter
what Donald Trump said today that's the
side of this story that Donald Trump
never wants to hear
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
