let's start with some of the good news
the political reception to dr. Christine
Ford who's accusing judge Kavanaugh of
sexual assault when they were in high
school has been better in some
measurable ways than the way that past
accusers have been treated something
we've been covering tonight for example
politicians in both parties have said
that this accuser dr. Ford should be
heard
chairman Grassley responded to this
pressure external or wherever it got him
by taking the unusual step of scheduling
the new hearing he didn't just Stonewall
although there are criticisms about how
the hearing will run so that incremental
progress is certainly worth noting as a
factual matter but it is not Universal
this week there are people with
platforms rushing already to impugn dr.
Ford and we haven't even heard from her
other than the interview with The
Washington Post there are people with
megaphones and right-wing media who are
suggesting without evidence that she's a
political opportunist trying to smear
Kavanagh based on his judicial
philosophy it's about abortion does
anyone really believe this story would
have surfaced if Brett Kavanaugh had
pledged allegiance to roe v wade of
course it wouldn't have the timing
suffice it to say is curious this all
has the whiff of a political smear
masquerading as a sexual assault
allegation we have reached peak lunacy
on the left and this is by the way the
most disgusting thing that they have
done yet any person that actually
supports sexual assault victims should
be speaking out against this because
absolutely as I said before disgusting
despicable behavior disgusting a word
that sometimes comes up in projected
criticism also take a look at this
former GOP operative who actually helped
orchestrate the attacks on Clarence
Thomas's accusers writing the
Cavanaugh's accuser must unfortunately
expect this Anita Hill treatment from
today's Republicans who will defend them
at any cost now we're already seeing
some of the smear tactics at work there
are websites who peddled false claims
saying that Ford a college professor was
troubled but the information for those
pieces were based entirely on a
different person a different Christine
Ford but that was already amplified by
the Drudge Report as well as Fox News
host Laura Ingraham long before any
corrections appear
as I mentioned we want to dig into this
with an expert who is reported on many
of these types of stories New York Times
columnist Michelle Goldberg her new
piece is titled quote boys will be
Supreme Court justices and she says
based on her review this accuser looks
credible but will it matter I wonder
just big picture how you feel and what
you've concluded about whether there is
improvement and what is still being done
wrong as we look to adjudicate in public
a difficult thing the weight of this
accusation and the facts against this
judge and whether he should be promoted
I think there's certainly improvement
first of all that everybody there seems
to be a broad consensus that these
charges should be taken seriously and
should be aired a lot of the pushback in
the right-wing media to to Christine
Blasi for coming forward has almost sort
of assumed that what she was saying has
probably is probably correct who it
basically said it hasn't been a big deal
so you see a lot of people saying well
is it really fair to judge somebody for
what they did in high school in our area
fleischer with former george w bush
press secretary talking on fox news
about how you know can can just like one
little incident in high school really
derail your opportunity to ascend to a
Supreme Court seat or the presidency
later in life which is you know kind of
rich coming from a party that has shown
very very little concern for juvenile
offenders and whether there have ever
able to expunge their record and kind of
go on to redeem themselves and live
productive lives I mean I think it's
important to remember that the president
called for the death penalty for five
accused rapists the Central Park five
who were since proven innocent by DNA
but who were you know 14 14 15 15 and 16
now all of a sudden you know the same
sort of group of people is saying we'll
come on you can't really hold what
somebody did at 17 against them but the
fact that I think you have a number of
senators out there saying that if this
is proven true that would be
disqualified
it's progress of this of a sort right
there might be cynical interpretation
which is that there's no proving either
way in a case like this but I think that
it's good that there is at least on some
level a consensus that if he did this
it's serious right well and I'd like for
you to peel back some of the double-talk
or see seeing as well because this this
like the hill hearings can be an
inflection point there is the
possibility of learning or what I might
call learning under pressure and so
Senator Graham who knows better is
saying things that regular people random
people might think sounds suspicious but
are not that you and I know or not that
he knows or not for example that miss
Ford had a lawyer and a polygraph to try
to improve her credibility now Lindsey
Graham was a military jag lawyer and he
knows there is nothing wrong indeed it
is illegal and unconstitutional hold it
against someone that they retain a
lawyer and yet he says this take a look
I don't know when she took the polygraph
I don't know I don't know when she hired
a lawyer I don't know they part but if
he didn't want to go public why are you
buying a polygraph and why are all those
things will come out of course you're
hiring a lawyer if you're getting
anywhere near the hot zone that I needed
he'll got to and that doesn't speak to
your veracity everyone has the right to
lawyers period so I wonder if you could
walk us through some of the senators who
seemed to be trying to have it both ways
I mean look I think the Oh Lindsey
Graham is a weasel right he was trying
to insinuate that her kind of elementary
steps she took to defend against the
onslaught that is now being directed at
her in some way justifies this onslaught
and I mean I don't think for a minute
that the vast majority of Republicans in
the Senate kind of really care one way
or the other whether these charges are
true for them the question is will they
still be able to vote for Kavanagh
without political repercussions when
this whole circus is concluded and
they're trying to orchestrate it in a
way that will let them do that right I
also want to ask you about an attack and
I mentioned earlier in the show that's
quite hard-hitting it's not to present
any kind of moral equivalence because
indeed viewers will recognize many of
the claims of this ad have been highly
supported like the many investigations
that show drew a more credibly accused
of preying on girls having said that
there is this type of attack coming out
now so take a look at this a new ad
against judge Cavanaugh an admitted
sexual abuser sits in the White House
who supported an accused child predator
for the Senate then he nominated this
man to the US Supreme Court accusing
Kavanaugh of sexual assault when she
tried to scream she said he put his hand
over her mouth we can't let Brett
Kavanaugh decide on our rights for a
generation enough is enough
what do you think of that tack at this
juncture in lumping judge Cavanaugh
together with those individuals as a way
to defeat his nomination well first of
all I actually do think that there is
some sort of I don't know
moral implication in accepting a
nomination from a president as disgraced
and if such dubious legitimacy is this
one and I think that that ad you know do
I think it's fair at this stage to
compare Brett Cavanaugh to Roy more like
no categorically no I do want to say
that I think that part of the deep and
profound insult of this nomination is
that you have this president who has
boasted of sexual assault
nominating this frat boy who has been
accused with some credibility of
attempted rape and that that is going to
be the thing that ends Roe vs. Wade that
kind of strips American women of their
reproductive rights in some ways it just
makes very plain the brute patriarchy
the sort of cruel power the cruel
imposition of of male power over women's
choices that this whole process
represents hey I'm already melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
