as a former US Attorney he's also a
former senior FBI official and a current
MSNBC contributor all right we put that
up there because that was sort of
striking that Devin Nunez said this is
going to happen and we need it for
October very much a campaign sort of
implication that they view this as a
political act here explain why the
law-enforcement community is so
concerned about what the president has
done there's an immediate reason and
there's a long-term reason the immediate
reason lots of folks are speaking to
this there might be operational details
or sources and methods in the classified
documents that we simply don't want to
make public its tradecraft and that's
never a good idea I mean let me pause
you there the the the outing of mr.
helper who was obviously an asset in the
UK has ended his ability to be an asset
correct for instance okay there's a long
term damage - there's a long term danger
we share information with countries
around the world for instance we're part
of the five eyes the five closest allies
in the world in terms of intelligence
sharing UK New Zealand Australia Canada
and the United States English speaking
Western allies and we should we share
full in freely with them it's almost
unlimited what would we think if we gave
something incredibly sensitive to Canada
and they dumped it into their public
sphere as for partisan political reasons
how likely would we be to give them more
stuff and that's the long-term danger we
rely not just on our own intelligence
collection abilities but on the
intelligence collection abilities of our
closest allies around the world and we
promised to protect that stuff there
seems to be the office of the Department
of National Intelligence put out this
statement it said as requested by the
White House the odni is working
expeditiously with our interagency
partners to conduct a declassification
review of the documents the president
has identified for declassification in
other words we want to slow off this we
hope the president is okay if we slow
walk this but the president issued a
directive there's sort of there's
there's no ambiguity here obviously
they're hoping they can slow walk this
is that what's happening well what is
probably happening is they're hoping
they're hoping that you
thoughtful reasoned reaction will
prevail they can go back to the
president say look we understand you
want all this stuff there it is we'll
show you what it is but here's what we
don't want but there's some stuff in
here we just can't release because
others have equities in it
maybe it's the Brits maybe it's the
Aussies we don't I don't know I can tell
you this Chuck but I work for Bob Mahler
and his staff after 9/11 I reviewed
hundreds of Pfizer's before he certified
as to their legality and their
completeness
there's incredibly sensitive stuff in
there this is not a political game this
is intelligence and the intelligence
professionals cared deeply about keeping
secret secret I want to play for you
something the chase seculow said about
how important these documents are to the
legal defense of President Trump take a
listen well this means the American
people are gonna find out what this was
what started all this and what was going
on and I suspect what the they're gonna
find that this was a not only is the
written investigation as some people
have called it but that it may be much
much worse than that
let's tell you I mean this is where it's
awkward so here you have essentially the
president's lawyers are begging the
president to help them gather evidence
well look without getting overly
technical here and overly nerdy there is
a procedure if evidence is classified to
declassify it for use in a criminal
trial right a defendant can take
advantage of it a prosecutor can take
advantage of it it's called the
classified information Procedures Act
you don't do that by dumping it into the
public record you do that in a
thoughtful studied way in front of a
federal judge and we can do that we've
done that we do that all the time in
federal court the releasing of text
messages and he added people that we had
not obviously the Lisa page and Peter
struck text messages or something that
the president loves to talk about but he
threw in Andrew McCabe Bruce or and
James Comey it feels like more of a
fishing expedition but I don't you know
what do you make of that
it seems gratuitous it certainly seems
political now remember the text messages
are not classified because you couldn't
share classified information in that way
/ a nun class phone line but one would
assume it's only supposed to be relevant
text messages one would assume that but
if they're looking to hurt people it's
always easy enough to take something out
of context to me this is a political
imperative it's a political it's
politically driven imperative and that's
unfortunate all right I want to ask you
something having to do with FBI
background checks because it came up
with judge Cavanaugh here's what the
president said earlier today I don't
think the FBI really should be involved
because they don't want to be involved
if they want it to be I would certainly
do that but as you know they say this is
not really their thing you said that is
not correct that actually that is not
how the procedure works explain you
chief of staff to James Comey at the FBI
so you know a little something I also
work for Bob Muller at the FBI all right
since the Federal Bureau of
Investigation it's not the Federal
Bureau of we don't really want to do
this because we don't feel like it
here's how it works a background
investigation is completed it's sent to
the White House it's for their review
and their decision if something arises
either in that background or later write
something supplemental has happened here
right the White House can always go back
to the FBI and say hey you know that
thing we just learned about Chuck Todd
thanks to you yeah we'd like you to look
at it further we'd like you to do some
interviews it's not the FBI's decision
to investigate it is the president's
decision whether he wants this
investigated the White House can ask for
more and if the White House asks for
more the FBI investigates I mean they
don't say we don't want to do this one
we don't feel like it thanks so much
we're kind of busy you know a long lunch
today no it's the Federal Bureau of
Investigation so this is on the White
House that they want to investigate it
they can order the FBI to do it pipeline
bottom line Chuck Rosenberg that's
always sir thanks for coming down
sharing your expertise hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you and you
to subscribe now
