I'm not sure that I think the Senate
Judiciary Committee is equipped to
investigate sexual assault in the way
that if something happened 36 years ago
I mean you kind of need professionals on
this but but it's also you're not a
criminal investigation so let's make it
well we don't know we don't need this
right but what they're doing next Monday
is that correct that's right the hearing
in Congress is not if the Senate is not
a criminal investigation so tell me what
how you see this going down well look I
do think that there needs to be
investigation done before these
witnesses are put under oath to testify
and here's why we don't take testimony
in a vacuum we value this this is going
to come down in to some extent to the
credibility of each witness but I'll
come back to that in a moment I think
there are some some external factors
here that show that she it already that
she is telling the truth but when they
are under oath testifying you don't look
at it in a vacuum you need to be able to
compare it to things that they have said
in the past how consistent their
statements are over time and what other
corroborating evidence is there outside
of their statements and how do their
statements fit in with that
that's how investigations are done
whether they're criminal or not but the
fact that this is in criminal means it's
not going to be a reasonable reasonable
doubt standard it's going to be a lower
standard but at the end of the day it is
going to be up to the Senators and
frankly the American public to decide
who is telling the truth but that can be
done by not in a vacuum that needs to be
done by comparing what they've said over
time and what the other corroborating
evidence is and if I can just explain
what I think some of that corroborating
evidence is all ready for dr. Blasi it
is first of all she did tell her
therapist back in 2012 about this and
for people to assume that she's lying
now that would mean that back in 2012
before Judge Cavanaugh was even
nominated to the Supreme Court she
somehow planted the seeds of the story
for some unknown reason so that in and
of itself I think is very good
corroboration she has already passed a
lie-detector test which isn't disposed
positive but again I think it supports
her and another point that I don't think
people have made enough is if she were
making this up which seems or or even
confused which seems to be you know what
some Republicans and others are saying
why would she put mark judge at the
scene of this incident why if she were
making up a story which he put someone
who is Brett Cavanaugh's friend still to
this day they are to contradict her it
just doesn't make any sense if she had
Democratic operatives orchestrating all
of this they wouldn't have been in the
room tell her to do that exactly Mimi
help us understand really the importance
of the way Brett Kavanaugh is handling
this because while she may be telling
the truth and while there might not be a
pattern maybe this thing happened and he
didn't do anything like it for the next
30 years the way he's handled this
doesn't that carry a huge amount of
weight because the job and I called a
job he's up for is the highest court
appointment in the land where his
thought process his decision-making his
judgment it's specifically going to
weigh in on the most culture the most
culturally important issues that we face
right stuff I mean that this is the
question of some people saying well even
if it's true does it really matter it
was so long ago he was a teenager of
course it matters and here's why first
of all he was not 13 he was 17 we hold
people accountable for acts at age 17
all over this country there are people
in jail because of things they did when
they were 17 so to say that you know
that is the age of adulthood is the age
of consent in many different states I'm
being very general here now because I
think that's actually more useful than
talking specifically about Maryland
because we're not talking about a
criminal case right now we're talking
about how we as a society approach that
age so I think it is absolutely
appropriate to hold him accountable for
that and this is not you know throwing
eggs at a house on Halloween this is
sexual assault where a woman felt she
was going to die yes I'm doing the if
true argument now this is not if that is
if
is proven you know to some degree to be
true then he should not be in a position
to be making decisions about women and
their bodies and children and and other
you know important decisions in our
society and also you know I would say
that if we find that this was true and
again I do believe her but I understand
that there are still many undecided then
that means he's lying about it and even
if you put everything else aside the
fact that he would lie about it now or
is irresponsible enough to you know just
claim lack of memory that would be
disqualifying in and of itself I think
Darren let's go back to Anita Hills
comment Interop at about there being no
protocol for vetting assault and
harassment claims because all the stuff
that Mimi has just said it's fascinating
to me but as we know in Congress these
hearings tend to be so highly
politicized where people are trying to
make their own point we're putting up
this this screen that you're looking at
right now is lawmakers all of whom have
lost their jobs on Capitol Hill over
misconduct scandals at least eight
members have been pushed out because of
these scandals what's the process in
Capitol Hill for a lawmaker they don't
have the these and a Senate Ethics
Committee what Al Franken was accused of
doing that's less than what we're
talking about here
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
