welcome back now to the other big story
the president's bombshell decision to
publicly release classified documents
that are directly related to the
investigation into his own campaign team
and their contacts with Russia as we
speak the intelligence community is
scrambling to review those documents to
make sure that releasing them will not
pose a danger to national security so
here's what the president is calling for
president Trump wants to declassify and
release 21 pages of a highly sensitive
federal surveillance application against
his former aide Carter page he also
wants the release of FBI interviews that
went into preparing the application
second the president wants the release
of scores of text messages from current
and former Department of Justice and FBI
officials including former FBI director
Jim Comey former deputy director Andrew
McCabe former agent Peter struck former
FBI lawyer Lisa Paige and DOJ official
Bruce for so let me start by explaining
the surveillance application how this
thing works it was used to obtain
authorization that let the government
conduct surveillance on Carter page for
nearly a year starting in the fall of
2016 but Republicans argue that it
should have never been authorized in the
first place
because it relied on information in the
so called Steele dossier and they
believed that by declassifying more of
the application it will prove that the
FBI got the warrant under false
pretenses Devon Nunez is one of the
lawmakers who has been calling for this
and here's what he said back in July
those of us who have been providing
oversight over this issue we've had
several of our members who have been
painstakingly going through it piece by
piece and we are quite confident that
once the American people see these 20
pages at least for those that will get
real reporting on this issue they will
be shocked by what's in that FISA
application the argument from the
president and his allies goes like this
the sealed dossier is just a partisan
document full of made-up allegations
paid for by the Clinton campaign the FBI
used it to obtain the FISA warrant and
because of that some Republicans say the
itself is illegitimate they also say the
FBI lied to the court proving they are
corrupt and out to get the president and
his allies in other words it's all a
witch hunt but hold on a minute
how about some facts previously released
information shows the FBI did tell the
judges about the Steele dossier and it
shows that the FBI had suspicions about
Paige and his Russian contacts that went
far beyond what Steele had uncovered
what's more the FBI had to apply for
surveillance warrants four different
times in front of four different judges
all of those judges were appointed by
Republican presidents the warrants were
approved every single time
each judge finding the government showed
probable cause that Paige was acting as
an agent of Russia now Democrats they
are furious insisting that the president
is only releasing the top secret
information in order to help himself
politically well I think it's first and
foremost a way of Donald Trump helping
his own defense providing these
materials to his own legal defense team
this is coordinated between the
president and his allies and the
precedent and the policy and the norm
that we've had since Watergate that a
president does not interfere in specific
cases at justice let alone and one in
which the President himself may be
implicated is shattered let's be clear
there's no question that the president
has the authority to do this he can
declassify anything he wants but in
doing so he appears to have caught even
his own intelligence officials way off
guard a Justice Department spokesperson
said that the president's order has
triggered a declassification review by
the FBI in the Justice Department the
White House Counsel and the Director of
National Intelligence but an official
with direct knowledge tells NBC that the
agencies will not be able to do a damage
assessment on the text messages because
there's simply too many of them
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
