as official Washington grapples with the
on-the-record allegation of sexual
assault against Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh Cavanaugh is vehemently
denying the accusation he says his
accuser is lying and so it's important
to remember the context here for all
this Kavanagh was nominated by the
president who bragged of sexual assault
and who suggested that the women accused
him of sexual impropriety were too ugly
for him to have assaulted he's a man who
stood behind Senate candidate Roy Moore
even after Moore was credibly accused of
sexually assaulting a woman when she was
14 and using his position as a local
prosecutor to date and attempt to date
teenagers a man who brought into the
White House bill Cheyne who was drummed
out of Fox News after reportedly
enabling and covering up roger ailes
sexual harassment there
Shyne denies doing so and while Donald
Trump still occupies the White House
there has been a seismic cultural shift
that his men allegations of sexual
misconduct by powerful men are now taken
more seriously than they were in 1991
not one when Anita Hills credible
allegations of sexual misconduct and
harassment against Clarence Thomas were
greeted with skepticism and even scorn
by members of the all-male Senate
Judiciary Committee of course some
things haven't changed like Anita Hill
Cavanaugh accuser Christine Blasi Ford
was reluctant to come forward for fear
of being tracked the mud and like Anita
Hill she will see plenty of men if and
when she testifies there's not a single
woman among the 11 Republicans on the
Senate Judiciary Committee with me now
from one this moment Sheryl and I
thought present director counsel
n-double-a-cp
Legal Defense and Educational Fund and
nan Erin president of the Alliance for
justice and both you lived through and
watched the two Thomas Hill hearings now
let me start with you it almost feels
uncanny you know I can't a lot of people
I think are have their sort of heart in
their mouth today about what's happening
and what's gonna happen on Monday what
lessons have you learned what's
different now
oh I remember sitting in that hearing
room watching Anita Hill endure
character assassination day after day
from Republicans like dr. Ford like
Anita Hill was a reluctant person to
come forward
the timing is very similar but the
circumstances are changed one I think
people really have a much better
understanding of what a woman goes
through in telling her story
I think certainly this is a different
cultural moment as you said we've seen
powerful men be taken down from jobs and
we will see Democrats who unlike the
Democrats who sat in that hearing of
Anita Hills very quiet very silent these
Democrats have shown by the hearings and
Brett Kavanaugh that they will stand
their ground they're also not all men
which i think is gonna make a difference
do you I've talked to a lot of people
today about all this and there is a
feeling that I think a rare moment of
unity that people feel a sense of dread
about this all from from all sorts of
different ideological directions why do
you think that is because we shouldn't
be here I mean I appeared on your show
in June right after Justice Kennedy
decided to retire and I said then that
it was critical that we not rushed this
process forward that was before Brett
Kavanaugh was named and then the
president selected Brett Kavanaugh a man
with a very long public life in a very
detailed public record and we have seen
ever since the moment of that
announcement the Senate at the the
Republicans in the Senate chairman
Grassley behave in ways that have driven
through all of the guardrails that are
designed to protect us from a moment
like this the advise and consent
function of the Senate with regard to
Supreme Court justices is designed to
allow the Senate to help to kind of
share this responsibility with the
president and that power the power to
evaluate the nominees is delegated to
the Senate Judiciary Committee it's
important and so we've been saying all
along that we needed a process that
would ensure that this nominee would be
fully vetted and there were there was
knowledge that there were problems with
this nominee because of testimony he'd
given before at his confirmation
hearings when he was trying to be a DC
Circuit Judge McConnell warned
the white house was way from him this
was going to be problematic and you saw
what the Republicans did they had to
they had to push through almost every
rule I sat in the in the hearing room i
sat at the markup last week and what you
saw was chairman Grassley pushing
through the committee rules
disrespecting his colleagues we saw all
of these documents that were declared
committee confidential we saw 42,000
documents dropped the night before the
hearing
we saw the hearing set for September 4th
even though the National Archives
couldn't make the documents available
until the end of October
everything about this has been an
abdication of responsibility and that's
why we're in this moment that's why the
countries drill this moment my question
you nan is I mean now it now is this
Monday public hearing and there's a sort
of question of like can that be a can
that be the domain in which this is
fairly adjudicated in any way I think
it's going to be difficult after all two
of the Republicans I'm a committee now
which will include Orrin Hatch were
there during Anita Hills hearing I think
there needs to be pressure put scrutiny
on Brett Kavanaugh rather than on dr.
Ford and I think every senator who
champions woman who's an advocate for
women at the end of the day and at that
end of that hearing simply cannot vote
for Brett caffee so for Supreme Court
after hearing the testimony from both
but I know that is your view Nana and
it's yours
independent to the accusation and what
do you think what do you say to people
to say look liberals and folks who
oppose Brett Kavanaugh because of how he
will rules the Supreme Court justice are
just going to use this as another means
to stop a nomination they were already
devoted to defeating look we we know how
to do I think in in the certainly in the
area of law how to judge something like
this first of all it begins as senator
Hirono suggested earlier on your program
with it real investigation where is the
FBI investigation this is not supposed
to be something that's thrown into the
cauldron of partisan divide this is a
real accusation about a real action that
harmed a girl and we should understand
what exactly happened so
first thing that should happen if the
Judiciary Committee is to be serious is
that there's a real investigation that
the FBI undertakes and then a senator
Hirono suggested a report should come to
the committee and that should inform
kinds of questions that kind of try the
kind of hearing the kind of interaction
they have with the witnesses that seems
to me as much more sensible process than
what we were rushing headlong into on
Monday Cheryl and I fall in there and
thank you both for being with me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
