Republican Senator John Kennedy a member
of the pivotal Judiciary Committee is
now saying there will be a public
hearing with judge Brett Kavanaugh and
his accuser Christine Blasi for so that
is breaking right now pressure coming
from Republicans in the Senate about how
to deal with what has upended the entire
Supreme Court confirmation process then
there's the news that Steve Kornacki
just mentioned as he was handing off
moments ago the White House saying Judge
Cavanaugh is ready to testify in an open
hearing as soon as tomorrow that is not
typical language or typical planning for
something that's explosive and that is
our top story tonight so let's get into
it the factual legal and political
onslaught against Judge Cavanaugh has
changed everything right now in
Washington he did appear to triumph
through days of Senate hearings only to
find himself holed up at the White House
most of today spent several hours were
told as he tried to salvage his
nomination now here are the facts the
anonymous accuser who made waves last
week has now come forward under her own
name she is professor Christine Blasi
Ford and she makes specific allegations
which the Washington Post says it partly
corroborated she says that a high school
party in 1982 Cavanaugh pinned her to a
bed on her back that he quote groped her
and even tried to remove her clothing
then she says that when she was trying
to scream he put his hand over her mouth
Cavanaugh categorically denies the
entire allegation we are in new
territory right now no one at this hour
is even arguing this nomination and vote
should proceed as it was going to before
the procedural fight now is how to deal
with the accusations Democrats pushing
for one a total delay on this week's
vote until there's a fact-finding
process featuring both Ford and
Cavanaugh now he has said publicly in a
written statement today that he is ready
and within the last hour the White House
has dialed that up to ready for tomorrow
now he spent several hours today
huddling with Trump's counsel dawn Magan
at the White House NBC reporting they
worked the phones and called members of
Congress and while Donald Trump is of
course known for digging in his heels on
all kinds of fights and accusations look
at this tonight we can report for you
that even he felt the need to
acknowledge at least a delay here might
be necessary
judge Cavanaugh is one of the finest
people that I've ever known
oh I think he's on track yeah I mean I
think he's very much on track if it
takes a little delay it'll take a little
delay
it shouldn't certainly be very much many
Republicans were hoping to move forward
without much of a change but a key swing
vote is saying that lies by Cavanaugh on
this story would be disqualifying and
they need new testimony if judge
Cavanaugh has lied about what happened
that would be disqualified that's why
it's so important that we have testimony
under oath with a lot of questions asked
of both of them the accusers lawyer says
she's willing to speak is your client
willing to testify before the Judiciary
Committee publicly and tell this story
she is she's willing to do whatever it
takes to get her story forth yes
she clearly considers this an attempted
rape she believes that if it were not
for the severe intoxication Brett
Kavanaugh she would have been raped
meanwhile one of the most influential
Republicans on that Senate Judiciary
Committee Orrin Hatch who used to chair
it says he's already determined in his
view these claims are not legitimate do
you think that any of these claims are
legitimate no I don't I think they're I
think this woman whoever she is is mixed
up meanwhile Cavanaugh has put out his
written denial his offer to testify but
he did avoid shouted questions from
reporters today
we're gonna have an expert panel
weighing in on all of this but I begin
with a person who has a vote on the
matter Senator Richard Blumenthal a
Democrat serves on the Judiciary
Committee and along with his colleagues
is demanding both the delay in the vote
and a chance to assess as they put it
quote dr. Ford's serious allegations
also to begin the discussion of former
counsel of the mayor of New York City
Attorney Maya Wiley an MSNBC analyst
joins me as well senator the White House
now says they could hold this hearing
with judge Kavanaugh participation
tomorrow
do you support beginning this process
tomorrow before any hearing there needs
to be a full fair of FBI investigation
involving sworn interviews with the
potential witnesses and other review of
records there is no way to hold a
hearing intelligently and responsibly
without that investigation think of it
this way Ari as a former prosecutor and
Attorney General there's no way that I
would put is a crime survivor on the
witness stand without a full
investigation let alone in effect a
witness stand before the entire American
people
I believe this survivor dr. Ford she has
chosen very bravely and courageously his
step forward to tell her story knowing
the nightmare that would come from
hostile and potentially searching
scrutiny and there are a lot of reasons
to disbelieve judge Kavanagh based on
his evasive and seemingly misleading
testimony before our Judiciary Committee
last week you mentioned the style of his
testimony particularly when there were
certain factual detailed questions posed
this was under I'm about to play you a
Republican senator Kennedy
regarding some of his time as a younger
man or a teenager take a look do you
ever get in trouble did you were you
more above
john-boy Walton TIFR a ferris bueller
type I worked hard at school I had a lot
of friends I've talked a lot about my
friends and I doubt the trouble part I
was waiting for that right so that's
encompassed under the friends I think
that exchange doesn't age well based on
the serious allegations that are arisen
today walk us through what you think a
proper hearing and timeline should look
like and could it occur before the
midterm elections which hangs heavy on
the mind of this White House there needs
to be a complete investigation here by
the FBI taking as long as is necessary
the Republicans have set an arbitrary
and irrational deadline they are rushing
to judgment we're dealing here with a
United States Supreme Court nomination
an appointment for life to the highest
court in the land that makes a real
difference in people's lives in the real
world so setting an arbitrary deadline
ought to be absolutely avoided and I
believe strongly that there may well be
a need for hearing and it should be as
prompt as possible but there needs to be
that investigation first the points
where Judge Cavanaugh was evasive or
misleading on his role in certain
judgeship nominations prior Haines and
Pickering his involvement in stolen
documents and his denials of it flying
in the face of seeming emails on it the
denials of his beliefs on reproductive
rights saying Roe can be overturned in
memos that were disclosed all raise the
issues of what more is being hidden here
today I went to court with colleagues
under the formation Act demanding a
court order that would involve revealing
millions of pages of documents from the
National Archives and the CIA
I hope the courts were rule quickly and
that those undisclosed documents will
shed further light on the merits of this
nomination as you're speaking to us I
have more breaking news that I know
you're on the committee but you've also
been stuck working with us here on
senator but I'm reading breaking news
that the Committee on the Republican
side what it would appear has agreed to
schedule a hearing with both professor
Ford and judge Cavanaugh on Monday the
New York Times saying this Thursday's
committee vote has been postponed
according to a Republican briefed on the
plans courtesy of Nicholas fan dose Hill
reporter for The New York Times your
response to that news posted publicly
there mister fan doses posted on Twitter
and says the story is coming that
relates to what your colleagues on the
committee are scheduling of apparently a
hearing Monday sir
at the risk of repeating I strongly
believe that the FBI has to investigate
interview the witnesses assess the
records and documents if any exist go
back and do all the fact-finding there's
necessary if we fail to do it before the
hearing we're gonna be shooting in the
dark
we literally asking questions with
blindfold and stay with me senator I
want to bring in my Wiley and my I want
to look at the corroboration it's in the
Washington Post story which overlaps
with I think what the Senators point is
which is how do you go at adjudicating
the potential facts her husband said
look if you looked at judges to be the
arbiters of right and wrong if they
don't have a moral code of their own to
determine right from wrong that's a
problem Supreme Court nominees should be
held to a higher standard and I wonder
what you think about the way the Post
reported this story and how this relates
to figuring out the facts tamiya because
there is a concern in highly politicized
events with a lot hanging on the line
that any individual or anonymous
individual can theoretically say
anything and yet we are somewhere above
that in the probative process the
factual process because the post has the
husband and a therapist and the waving
of medical privilege corroborating that
long before Donald Trump was president
or judge Kavanaugh was headed towards
the court there is a corroboration of
this individuals at least accusation she
believed that she set it back then
walk us through your view of the facts
there and then any question you might
have for senator Blumenthal well first
of all I have to say
that it was already disturbing given the
fact that this would be a Supreme Court
justice someone who was going to Don the
black robe for a lifetime and take a
chair that was literally going to
empower him to make decisions that even
the president of the United States may
be able to do something or not do
something where the Congress can do
something or not do something it's an
extremely powerful position and this is
an alleged crime of power not of sex
it's an abuse of power crime so it's
critically important to understand one
of the things as an attorney I would say
is so in 2012 she tells her therapist
and her husband for the first time for
no other reason than to address some
emotional trauma that she has had that's
clearly playing out in her marriage
that's a huge fact in terms of
understanding credibility because at the
end of the day this is a credibility
right unless some other witness comes
forward that we don't know about it's
gonna be Brett Cavanaugh's word against
hers except that in her case for no
other reason for no personal gain years
before he was ever considered for the
Supreme Court she tells this story and
she names him to her husband that to me
says that this has a high degree of
credibility and that remember this is
not a court of law
this is not a case in which you have to
prove a crime this is just whether a man
is gonna be one of the most powerful
people in the country I can well let me
let me bring in our other actually let
me bring in our experts on that and
Senators stay with me Elise Hogue is the
president of NARAL pro-choice America
Attorney Nancy Erica Smith
representative gretchen carlson and her
sexual wesson lawsuit against Fox News
CEO Roger Ailes which was quite
influential and Fox's Liz plank who has
reported on many aspects of this and
Maya mentioned something that I want to
put forward to the entire panel which is
a point that actually can get lost in
these stories what is the best standard
to apply in fact finding the strictest
standard is in criminal trials where you
have proof of wrongdoing beyond a
reasonable doubt courts use a less
strict standard in civil cases the
government uses an even lower one in
vetting applicants for major jobs
because the question is whether to
choose someone for a powerful post not
deny them Liberty or take away job they
already
when you think about examples like david
petraeus and unlike some of the other me
two debates like whether to fire someone
appoint Maya just raised and we want to
dig into is today's debate is not about
removing Cavanaugh from his powerful
perch on the DC Circuit it's not about
charging him with a crime given the
statute of limitations a standard in
play would appear to only be whether
investigating these allegations should
impact a big decision to promote him to
a big job for life and so Nancy I put
that to you first what is the right
standard to think about this promotion I
think it's a very low bar if we have
questions about this man's integrity he
shouldn't be given a lifetime
appointment to the United States Supreme
Court listen we already know that he
disrespects women we know that he
doesn't think women can make their own
medical decisions and he doesn't think
we should control our own bodies also
telling is his lack of empathy we know
that he denied a young woman the right
her constitutional right to an abortion
and the entire panel of the third
circuit of the DC Circuit disagreed with
him and he said well waiting a month is
not a problem waiting more than a month
is not a problem so he has a lack of
empathy for women and he has a
disrespect for women if that's not
disqualifying enough now we have dr.
Ford's credible allegation she has
nothing to gain here and everything to
lose that he was a drunken almost rapist
it seems to me like that really should
be enough right there let me go to Elise
and then Liz yeah I mean I agree
absolutely with Nancy I think that the
Republicans are grasping at straws I
think that the only thing they had going
for them which was this inevitability
argument that of course he's going to be
confirmed is crumbling under the rage of
millions of women who've been saying at
every step of this process that he is
not qualified for the court for all the
reasons Nancy said and I think the spark
of rage that really lit the fire today
was Orrin Hatch's statement that oh this
woman might be mixed up which is
something we're all too familiar with
look our organization backed by two
million members as well as some others
called for him to withdraw his
nomination even before dr.
took what we believe was the unnecessary
of a very courageous step of coming
forward the receipts were there the
story is credible I don't think anyone
doesn't believe her and his nomination
should be withdrawn if for no other
reason then center Blumenthal's point
that a thorough investigation is going
to take time let him clear it up he can
reapply when there was a next vacancy
but right now he should be done yeah I
mean to put it bluntly I don't think
that a man accused of sexual sexual
assault should be nominating another man
accused of sexual assault for the
Supreme Court United States of America I
think this should be investigated
thoroughly I agree with senator
Blumenthal this should be investigated
by the FBI this isn't just about I mean
obviously we've been talking a lot about
I need a hill the things that she put on
the line and the things that she's done
for women in this country but the things
that are being as you know the crimes
that are being cited in this case and
the alleged crime that's that that's
cited in this case is an alleged rape
that's a big deal and that goes beyond
you know brick Cavanaugh's credibility
to be a Supreme Court judge this should
be investigated and you know this is
important for all of us to see justice
being served in this case especially
Nancy you're here in part because of
your representation of women in these
admittedly difficult scenarios even when
the facts are on their side take a
listen to what this boards attorney said
today about motive no one in the right
mind regardless of their motive would
want to inject themselves into this
process and face the kind of
annihilation that she will be subjected
to this is not a politically motivated
action Nancy does that ring true based
on your experience and then senator
Blumenthal
yeah because women who complain about
sexual abuse as sexual harassment are
either nuts or sluts hatch just said it
she must be crazy if she's accusing this
man of being a drunken almost rapist
she must be crazy also what's the rush
here why are the Republicans giving so
much power to a president who
was under investigation whose campaign
chair just pled guilty and he has
incredible Russia ties who's whose
lawyer personal lawyer just pled guilty
his NSA had Plus pled guilty we have 19
other indictments why are we given so
much power to somebody with such an
ethical cloud and as was pointed out he
brags about secondly assaulting women
and he supported a pedophile for Senate
senator absolutely right on all those
points especially on the motives here
she actually hesitated for weeks asked
that her name be kept confidential
declined to come forward she knew and
foresaw this nightmare of hostile
scrutiny but equally important the
impact on this United States Supreme
Court going forward with this nomination
will cast a shadow and stain on an
institution that depends for its power
on credibility and trust it has no
armies it has no police force it's
obeyed because of its credibility and
the American people's belief in its
integrity and this nomination would
forever stain in the Supreme Court in a
way that I think may well be irreparable
and before we go at least I want to give
you a final word on how you turn some of
the principles which I think have been
you know quite quite well laid out here
on this panel how do you turn them into
political organizing and action and
putting up on the screen some of the
individuals who have been accused of of
politically being on both sides of these
things you have open to a vote delay
senator flake corker and Murkowski and
the time since we've created this list
the vote has been delayed now at least
past next week for the hearing who want
testimony senator Collins and Graham I
wonder what you were telling your
members Elyse to do about someone like
Senator Collins who had said she was
pro-choice I told the voters she was
pro-choice but was moving forward on
appearing to support this nomination
after the hearings suggested he was very
open to other things and now you have
everything new
over the weekend what are you doing
politically on that yeah I mean look our
members have been holding vigils they've
been calling this is just going on over
dried we released today so many of those
Republican senators who claim to stand
with women have said so in the past
they've got to make their actions match
their word and I will tell you the one
thing re
often our members in red states say I'm
not calling because our senators don't
listen to us anyway our members in red
states are an overdrive right now this
transcends politics this is women
fighting for our lives for our integrity
and the rage will power us through these
hearings but also through November hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
