making news in our hour the Senate
Judiciary Committee Chairman Republican
Chuck Grassley has now formally released
his statement inviting both judge
Kavanaugh and his accuser Ms Ford to a
public hearing and you leave that if you
look on the screen it says public
herring it seems in their haste to get
this out they did not spell check or
catch that in the headline now it's not
clear what Democrats think of this we
heard from a senator on the Democratic
side of the kenai who said this is too
fast this is also however what some of
Miss Ford's allies have said should
happen a public reckoning under oath for
the accuser and the accused anything
that does happen this coming Monday or
later will of course have parallels to
Anita Hill and that brings us to a
question we want to probe tonight should
one allegation of sexual misconduct
prevent a promotion to the Supreme Court
that was part of the issue facing judge
Clarence Thomas in 1991 and eat a hill
facing off against the Senate Judiciary
Committee that we should note was made
exclusively of male senators and we're
about to hear from congresswoman Eleanor
Holmes Norton who helped ensure that
testimony and Nina Totenberg who broke
the story a little more background in
both cases the female accuser was
worried about the tremendous risk of
stepping forward today we are seeing
that risk played out in all kinds of
attacks there's also the questions about
whether the alleged underlying conduct
or the alleged lies in denying it cast
doubt on whether that person Thomas or
Cavanaugh should be held basically to a
position where they decide on the life
and death of other individuals now
tonight Cavanaugh's defenders insists
there are also contrasts Hill was
accusing Thomas of conduct that
allegedly occurred when he was a 33 year
old government attorney Cavanaugh faces
allegations regarding conduct that if
true would have occurred when he was
about 17 Hills allegations involves
repeat instances whereas at this hour
and the story is sure moving quickly
Cavanaugh's defenders are saying that he
has gone through a vetting and this is a
single accusation regarding a single
incident now those are the comparisons
of the two cases there's also no doubt
the environment we have today has
changed you're looking at footage from
1991 when eleanor holmes norton and
other women led the push so that anita
hill could even be heard
these seven Congress women were so
outraged by the Senate's handling of the
charges against Clarence Thomas that
they tried to storm the Senate they
didn't get in had there been a woman at
least a woman on the Judiciary Committee
I think this whole thing would have been
heated completely differently
we should note those women in Congress
were storming a Senate Judiciary
Committee that at the time was made as I
mentioned of all men today
there are women on the committee at
least on the Democratic side the
Republican members of this committee
that's gonna face off on Monday remain
today all men I'm now joined by as
mentioned Eleanor Holmes Norton and Nina
Totenberg congresswoman what do you
believe is the right process for
accusers to testify and what will be
important if this hearing goes forward
Monday all right I had no doubt that
that there would be a hearing because
the lessons of Anita Hill and Claire and
Thomas are not that far removed and
because it is pretty clear that if the
Senate has learned nothing it is the
refusal to hear an accusation
particularly a credible accusation this
one even more credible because there is
a lie detector test involved they are
there are credible evidence that the
trauma lasted for years there was no way
that they were going to deny this
hearing my objection Ari is that this if
we have this hearing on Monday it will
be a snap hearing with no preparation
and I tell you as a member of Congress
we have we could not have a hearing on
the simplest subject with as little
notice as we now are asked or the Senate
Congress woman we're getting into the
procedural baseball you are saying the
rush from the Republicans is fishy as
you know there are people who say as
Thurgood Marshall wants their justice
delayed is justice denied and they would
say let's get on with it and get them
both under oath well getting on with it
is isn't the only question everybody
agrees now nobody dare do not have the
right to be hearing to be heard the real
question is
can the Senate prepare for hearing with
every member prepared to ask the
appropriate questions in just a few days
look they have a 5-4 majority in the
court now re what is the matter what
what is the rush right the the the thing
here is that the lesson I think of the
Clarence Thomas Anita Hill hearings was
that they had hearings within three days
of cancelling a vote because they didn't
have certain votes and they went into a
hearing without facts without having
ascertained the facts and it turned into
a circus and I think that was to the
detriment of Anita Hill to the detriment
of Clarence Thomas and to the detriment
of the Supreme Court and the Senate of
the United States and if there's one
thing they ought to have learned it is
to let the FBI do the immediate
investigation to reopen it at the
request of the White House and do that
have the FBI do the immediate
investigation do what they do interview
witnesses see if there's corroboration
then the staff gets the second crack for
a short time and then be prepared for
hearings now that shouldn't take forever
well let's pause on the point you're
raising Nina you're saying if I
understand you you're saying amidst this
incredible intense passion and concern
on all sides you're saying if there is
one clear fair lesson it would be that
it would be better for both the judge
who stands accused at this moment and
miss Ford the accuser be better for both
of them in the process to not rush to
Monday but to have as the congresswoman
mentions a fuller fact-finding to set up
a better hearing I think that's probably
right I don't know whether you could do
this in a week or not I certainly think
you probably could do it in two it is no
reason on God's good earth that this
there has to be a vote on this nominee
before the first Monday in October when
the court reconvenes because he is not
going to be able to participate fully in
the courts work instantly that
take a few weeks before he gets his feet
on the ground and evil senator grassley
admitted that to me in an interview that
I did with him about a week ago so there
is no reason except that Republicans
want to get this done while they think
they can and they're worried about the
election I think it's a longshot that
the Republicans would lose control of
the Senate but they're worried what
might else come up if we prolong this if
we let this go on too long but if you
don't you there's there's a price to be
paid and the price is sometimes also at
the election the price was with the
elections after Anita Hill Anita Hill
when when Clarence Thomas was up he had
positives by the way Cavanaugh has maybe
four percent of people saying he should
be confirmed but Clarence Thomas who was
who was after all to replace another
african-american had even
african-americans for him so he went in
with that head start there was an
immediate turnaround and an immediate
regret and we saw it in the year of the
woman and the year of the woman produced
born women that had ever come to the
house or the Senate we already have the
year of the woman coming in upon us you
put this out there and I think you'll
gallop it into the next election and to
your point looking at what's coming down
the pike I want to play from 1991
multiple senators who were of course as
I mentioned and I think it's relevant
who we're all male in the way they used
their position to impugn an attack ms
Hill who's spoken out today and says she
hopes we don't have a replay of that at
this point in our history of this new
point take a look at these senators from
1991 she will be injured and destroyed
and belittled and hounded and harassed
real harassment different than the
sexual kind the good name of a good man
had been tarnished I do not believe
Judge Thomas is capable of the kind of
behavior
professor Hill described to this
committee and I do not believe that
Professor Hill is
telling the truth it just doesn't make
sense that she simply told her friends
or acquaintances that she was being
harassed at work and and that's it
that's it Nina that's of course the
younger senator grassley who now chairs
the committee will it be different this
time if they go forward Monday do you
think well I think it will be different
in one sense they accused Anita Hill
among other things of erotomania and all
kinds of other kuku things but we are in
the me2 era there are 23 women in the
Senate today not two as there were in
1991 and I think that as you see even
somebody managed to sit on the president
so he didn't even tweet about this today
so I think Republicans understand that
they can't just diss a an allegation
like this that they have to look into it
but if they if it's a fake looking into
it people will see through that and this
is a more serious allegation the
allegation here is not sexual harassment
with sexual assault
reserves which are which her lawyer has
emphasized and we're gonna keep
reporting on I'm supposed to fit in a
break I want to give a very special
thanks to two of you who were
trailblazers on this in your own ways in
the Congress and in journalism Nina
Totenberg and Congressman Eleanor Holmes
all right not there yet and I'm putting
it on air invite to both of you to join
our hearing coverage on Monday so
consider that a date to please hold a
busy day I think for many of us thank
you again
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
