to be or not to be let's play hardball
good evening I'm Chris Matthews up in
Philadelphia well the nomination of
Judge bread Cavanaugh plunges deeper
into danger tonight over now against of
sexual assault that leaves his
confirmation in mortal jeopardy
according to NBC News judge Cavanaugh
spent the majority of today in meetings
with White House legal counsel Dunn
McCain and others from the counsel's
office calling key members of Congress
in a direct effort at damage control
actually a desperate effort and here's
the breaking news tonight the Senate
Judiciary Committee announced it will
hold public hearings this coming Monday
with Cavanaugh and his accuser Christine
Blasi Ford they came after all ten
Democrats from that committee sent a
letter to chairman chuck Grassley
requesting a delay of the vote writing
quote there are serious questions about
Judge Cavanaugh's record truthfulness
and character a growing number of
Republican centers have also expressed
concern over the allegation and said
that the Senate needs to hear from the
accuser the White House said in a
statement tonight Judge Cavanaugh looks
forward to a hearing where he can clear
his name of this false allegation during
the day the president reaffirmed his
support for his nominee with the
reservation that he the president wanted
members of the Senate to be happy with
the process he's an outstanding
intellect and outstanding judge
respected by everybody never had even a
little blemish on his record I don't
know it depends on the process I'd like
to see a complete process I'd like
everybody to be very happy if it takes a
little delay it'll take a little delay
it shouldn't certainly be very much next
question what a ridiculous question
oh I think he's on track yeah I mean I
think he's very much on track if they
delayed a little bit just to make sure
everybody's happy they want to be happy
in an explosive on the record interview
for it accused Kavanaugh of attacking
her while they were both in high school
Ford said she decided to go public with
her story because she felt like her
civic responsibilities outweighed her
anguish and terror about retaliation she
had initially written a confidence
letter to our congresswoman ana su and
Senator Dianne Feinstein in July about
the allegation but declined to go public
for fear of retribution and an extensive
interview with The Washington Post for
now recounts in detail events that
happened roughly thirty years ago for it
alleged that while in high school
Cavanaugh and a friend both quote
stumbling drunk stumbling drunk
corralled her into a bedroom where she
said Cavanaugh pinned her to a bed and
groped her over her clothes clumsily
attempting to pull off her one-piece
bathing suit well she told the post as
she thought quote he might inadvertently
kill me but by the way he also put his
hand that she said his hand over her
mouth so she couldn't scream well Ford
said she told no one about the incident
and he didn't see him until 2012 that's
six years ago during couples therapy
with her husband she also told her
husband obviously at that time the
therapist provided notes to the
Washington Post in support of her claims
NBC News has not spoken to Ford nurse
seeing the letter she wrote this morning
her lawyer told NBC that she is willing
to testify under oath miss Katz is your
client willing to testify before the
Judiciary Committee publicly and tell
this story she is she's willing to do
whatever it takes to get her story forth
yes well she's already taken a
lie-detector test administered by a
former FBI agent red Cavanaugh refused
to answer on the other hand any
questions from reporters on his way to
the White House early today
well the White House did provide this
statement on behalf of Judge Cavanaugh
quote this is a completely false
allegation I have never done anything
like what the Yakuza describes to her or
anyone I am willing to talk to the
Senate Judiciary Committee in any way
the committee deems appropriate to
refute the this false allegation anyway
congressman and the SU from California
joins us right now congresswoman thank
you so much for joining us I've known
you a long time a lot of respect for you
tell us in detail if you can right now
how did you learn about this allegation
my constituent called my office and
asked to meet with me it was as simple
as that
and so an appointment was set up when I
returned from Washington that week I met
with her with dr. Ford for an extended
period of time I think about an hour and
a half the first thing that I thought
was important to tell her was that
everything that she spoke about with me
had complete privacy because these all
of my constituents receive that but I
thought it was very important that she
understand that she told me her story I
asked her many questions along the way
and I thought that it was important Kris
to tell her that I was not there to tell
her what to do that she was there with
me and that I would assist her in
whatever her choice was and so on the
heels of that I contacted senator
Feinstein because she is the ranking
member of the Senate Judiciary Committee
this is where the issue is and where it
lies and about ten days after that my
constituent wrote a letter to sent to
senator Feinstein we made sure that that
letter was communicated the very day the
date of that letter
I was struck by more than one thing she
my constituent is the professor next
door
she is soft-spoken very intelligent very
concerned about her family her privacy
but there was no question in my mind at
the end of our meeting that she had
imbued a lot and that she carried a lot
of pain because of what she was
subjected to do you believe her I told
her at the end of our conversation that
I believed her and you do I do
ok tell me about her passion her feeling
if you can you wonder a confidential
relationship with her at this point can
you tell us how how this experience that
she told about all these years ago
affected her life and the part that
grabbed me I think a lot of people were
struck by it's not just he went after
her in a sexual way it's not that he was
drunk and whatever he was but then he
held her hand over her mouth that so she
couldn't call for help that really
struck I think a lot of people talk to
you today well there is no doubt in my
mind when she shared the details of what
had taken place and in detail she had
detailed memory of it that it was it was
still with her she was still living with
this and over the years she she knew
because his name was in the newspapers
that he was served in a presidential
administration that he's name was placed
in nomination for a judgeship and that
you know that the succeeding chapters
were marked by the experience that she
had with him and it was very painful for
her so I think that she's tremendously
courageous it really takes courage to
have courage and I think that inside of
her she she examined what it meant to
remain private and also what it would
mean if she crossed over into the public
square and that takes a tremendous
amount of courage and weighing the
equities on both I think that she
decided obviously in the in the last
many hours that she wanted to tell her
story the truth to the American people
and not haven't mischaracterized by
anyone else did she think it's a matter
of current character did she think that
what he did to her that she said he did
to her those years ago reflect on who he
is today did you get that from her I
don't think those are the words that she
used but she was deeply violated by what
happened and like so many others that
are subjected to sexual abuse they end
up feeling guilty themselves they feel
ashamed of what happened they're afraid
if anyone learns about it what they will
think of them and that's why I think the
truth Chris and a democracy we're always
seeking the truth and so she's
courageous to tell the truth and that
should be honored and it and it she
should be not only that truth should be
honored by demonstrating respect for her
as she moves forward to give her
testimony
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
