two new developments regarding retired
Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day
O'Connor our NBC News justice
correspondent Pete Williams is joining
me live now from our Washington bureau
Pete what's going on well she has sent a
letter a public letter through the
Supreme Court saying basically that she
has dementia and explaining why she has
decided to withdraw from public life and
let me just share a couple of lines from
it with you Hallie she said some time
ago doctors diagnosed me with the
beginning stages of dementia probably
Alzheimer's disease as this condition
has progressed I'm no longer able to
participate in public life she says
people have been asking her about her
current activities in her health so she
said I wanted to share I wanted to be
open about these changes while I'm still
able share some personal thoughts she
Burkhart retired from the court twelve
years ago and of course the reason she
retired at the time is that her husband
of some 50 plus years John O'Connor had
developed Alzheimer's disease and she
wanted to be able to care for him
full-time he eventually shortly after
was in a medical facility and died about
four years later but she says she's
withdrawing from leading her program to
encourage public schools to develop more
civics education she says I can no
longer help lead this cause because of
my physical conditions but she says
she's surrounded by friends and family
and she says while the final chapter of
my life with dementia may be trying
nothing has diminished my gratitude and
deep appreciation for the countless
blessings in my life
Pete thank you for that update she may
be stepping back from public life but
our mission of civic engagement is
certainly still front and center
particularly now thank you for checking
out our youtube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
