is your client willing to testify before
the Judiciary Committee publicly and
tell this story she is she's willing to
do whatever it takes to get her story
forth yes yeah Wow that's the attorney
for Christine Ford moments ago telling
the Today Show that Judge Brett
Cavanaugh's accuser is willing to go to
Capitol Hill and tell her story publicly
joining us now senior member of the
Judiciary Committee Dennett Democratic
whip dick Durbin of Illinois and Joe
this is pretty important breaking news
given the position that Democrats and
Republicans are in right she's ready to
testify senator where should this
nomination go next well the first things
we've got to consider is there is a
scheduled vote on Thursday on this
nomination that needs to be stopped and
postponed until we get to the bottom of
this it was agreed to by the Republicans
only on a partisan partisan vote last
Thursday in the committee and I'll tell
you Joe what they did was for the first
time they basically backed away from the
requirement that the minority had to
agree to limit debate we did not agree
so that's the first thing the second
thing is to really discuss how we
approach this now we cannot ignore it it
is an important issue we need to have
fair hearing for both Judge Cavanaugh
and certainly for dr. Ford Jonathan
Turley was on earlier this morning he as
well as The Wall Street Journal
editorial page have questioned the
timing of this information coming out
Democrats had the information for two
months and held on to it until after the
hearings were all but over what would
you say to Jonathan Turley what would
you say to conservative critics who
suggest that Democrats held this
information for as long as they could
and then released it at the end of last
week to delay the vote I know a little
bit more about that than mr. Turley and
let me tell you what happened was
senator Feinstein received this letter
she received it from congresswoman issue
who passed it along
was a friend and certainly credible
person but she congresswoman issue did
not attest to its credibility or
accuracy and then the very next day
after senator Feinstein receive this
information she called dr. Ford and at
that point dr. Ford said I do not want
to go public with my own name on this
she branded this as confidential in the
conversation I should the communication
and so senator Feinstein was in a
dilemma she had important allegations
but she had a person who did not want to
become public with them she worked with
her continued to talk to her at one
point to her attorney trying to figure
out the right thing to do the fair thing
to do for this woman who alleges she was
a victim of this episode so I think
senator Feinstein did what she could
under the circumstances it has it
evolved dr. Ford stepped up and said I
want to come public and explain what
happened and to defend myself against my
critics so I don't think senator
Feinstein's culpable I think she did the
right thing with other questions
swirling around can you help us with the
timeline when did senator Feinstein
first get a hold of this letter and
learn of the allegations when did you
first learn of them well I first heard
about him about nine days ago but when I
got a call from another member of the
committee who had said that the word was
out there was a story involving these
allegations in terms of senator
Feinstein I don't think exactly which
states she received them because I'm not
a hundred percent certain but I do know
that she made the day after called dr.
Ford directly took them seriously but
also wanted to honor her request that it
be confidential
we'd of course I understand senator
Feinstein's position you don't want to
victimize dr. Ford in this process you
want to be fair with her and it took
time for her to reach a point where she
wanted to become public
this morning's statement that she's
willing to testify
I really think puts the burden on us to
get to the bottom of it and to really
show our respect for due process on the
Senate Judiciary Committee senator what
are your concerns about the political
ramifications of the situation like this
it's come up so late in the game
her story apparently you all were aware
of it for several months and you know
there's a lot of reasons Brett Kavanaugh
perhaps if you're a Democrat should not
be confirmed but this could become a
brutal situation where this woman her
life is torn apart
and Democrats will be blamed for playing
political games and can you see the
concern the risk there well let me see
making the bottom line is this we waited
on dr. Ford to reach this point where
she was willing to come forward I mean a
respectful as senator Feinstein was and
I'm glad she was for a request that be
confidential but now she has decided to
you know come forward to the American
people and explain her side of the story
in terms of the timing and why we're
slowing this down you know I mentioned
earlier in the show we do remember
Merrick garland we remember a Supreme
Court vacancy that's set for 400 days
because the Republicans refused to even
meet with Merrick garland let alone give
him a hearing this is a fast track
effort on Brett Kavanaugh remember they
held back hundreds of thousands of
documents related to his service in the
White House 35 months when he was staff
secretary to President George W Bush we
didn't receive document in that regard
they are trying to fast-track this to
get it done before the election and it's
obvious if we take another week or two
whatever to get this whole episode to
the point where we understand what
happened that is not going to be an
unusual or unacceptable delay as far as
I'm concerned Casey
Senator Durbin good to see you this
morning
there has been some early preliminary
discussion and Senator Graham alluded to
this in his statement that they could
potentially have dr. Ford testify as
soon as tomorrow to try and keep their
plan for Thursday vote on track what is
your take on that potential timeline do
you think it's possible that the
committee could hear testimony from her
on a timeline that was that fast there's
nothing sacred about this next Thursday
vote this was manufactured by the
Republicans to move
quickly I don't know if it takes a
matter of days or weeks to get this done
but certainly there are a limited number
of people who could be called in on this
matter let's do it the right way let's
not rush to either bury it or to reach
judgment on it without taking some time
to do it in a fair way this is the
Senate Judiciary Committee we're talking
about a lifetime appointment to the
highest court in the land of a Supreme
Court justice who could be the deciding
vote for a generation or more is it
worth an extra week or two for goodness
sakes of course it is you don't you
don't think there's any serious
significant chance that this that this
can is not just gonna point out over the
course of weeks right there's no chance
they're good this woman can be rushed to
Washington on short notice over the
course of the next couple days you just
on the minority and even and the
majority people don't want time to
prepare it's in the sub this becomes an
attenuated process even in the most even
the most concise version this process is
a weeks long process well the Senate is
in control of the Republicans Mitch
McConnell and Senator Grassley on the
committee right and if they look like
they're being unfair to dr. Ford at this
point it's going to head create a
backlash yeah we were talking earlier
about the Clarence Thomas Anita Hill
matter I was in the house not the Senate
at the time it became an amazing
emotional national story in a hurry the
question is the bottom line will the
Republicans treat this matter fairly you
you know Senator McConnell pretty well
he's done some pretty ruthless things
procedurally in the past including as
you pointed out on judge garland just
just you know just knowing his psyche
knowing the things that animate him is
there a chance that he just says I don't
care I'm gonna try to ram this thing
through I think it's a serious mistake
if he does not only in terms of fairness
and justice but the political
consequences would be grave so said I
know let's fast forward that there is
going to be this hearing how do you or
any of these men probe her poker
investigator without looking
dastardly without looking like you're
piling on a victim I don't know how even
there are we I don't know how they even
go about it if I am any if I'm any of
you guys at this point I just almost
wanted to go away because I wouldn't
have to do it well I think you're right
you've made that point earlier you know
how would you cross-examine doctor for
them of these circumstances but however
the hearing takes place there has to be
a feeling afterwards that we were fair
to her and fair to judge Cavanaugh at
the same time I mean that is what we're
striving for and certainly rushing it
through or ignoring it those are
unacceptable all right senator dick
durbin thank you very much thanks for
being on this morning and still ahead
Michael Cohen Michael Flynn and Paul
Manafort are all flipping on the
president turns out billionaire donors
are starting to flip on Trump too by
downing donating to Democrats over
Republicans they say money talks are
Republicans listening we'll be right
back thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up to date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
