all right joining us now reporter for
The Washington Post Emma Brown Emma
wrote The Washington Post report
revealing christine Blasi Ford as the
author of the confidential letter that
accuses Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual assault more than
three decades ago when they were both
high school students in Maryland welcome
to the show
Emma I guess first of all just give us
the background how did the interview
come about why did she decide to come
forward I understand she she called The
Washington Post tip line a few months
ago yes she sent a text to our tip line
in early July and she and I talked then
and she she even then really didn't want
to come forward she just really wanted
somebody to know what had happened to
her she said around that same time she
contacted a Congress person to and and
and told that person and and it wasn't
ready to come forward so over the summer
she struggled and and and tried to
figure out basically what she was gonna
do with this information she said she
had a civic duty to tell it but she also
understood that it was going to mean you
know if she came forward it was gonna
change her life and so why did she come
forward now she said you know as things
started to leak last week people the
intercept reported that there was a
secret document and then there were
further reports about what was in the
letter that she had written to find sign
reporters were starting to show up at
her door at her workplace she felt her
privacy was already being chipped away
at she said you know she said to me
these are the ills I was trying to avoid
anyway so now her calculation shifted
she said and she was ready to to to come
forward
okay Sehun Kacey Honda has a question
for you
okay see am i and I'm not sure if you
would have spoken to her yet about this
but it seems pretty clear that at least
on the Republican side the pressure is
going to increase for dr. Ford to
testify on Capitol Hill to appear in
public to tell the committee her story
is she willing to do that I don't know
the answer to that question I didn't ask
it to her when we were going through her
story and I still don't know the answer
to that question I mean as I I think
she's already made a very difficult
choice to come forward with her name but
I think it's another sort of hurdle to
come forward and be questioned publicly
so I don't know what I don't know what
her intention is at this was there a
conversation with her about the fact
that this would be likely I know she
clearly did a lot of preparation work
with her attorney Deborah Katz who's
very experienced in this field taking
the polygraph test me is it something
that she's grappled with at all the
possibility of this public testimony but
really the likelihood I'm sure I mean
she I'm sure her legal team has talked
to her about the implications of coming
forward you know that is not a
discussion that I had with her I was
there to talk with her about her story
and and trying to understand it so that
we could publish a story and a lot of
what is about to happen is going to be
veiled in the sort of you know
attempting to try and find out what
happened and how it applies to today
Benjamin witness I'd like to go back to
you on this point because you said
earlier that this is factually
impossible to resolve why do you say
that well so obviously impossible is is
probably a little bit of an
overstatement but but it's very
difficult to resolve so the allegations
are quite old
there are there is no contemporaneous
witness that
the that dr. Ford is supposedly told at
the time which is one of the things that
you use in order to you know assess
credibility
the earliest she appears to have told
anybody was in 2012
none of which means that what she's
saying isn't true of course it just
means that it's hard to validate and and
so I think what you're left with is oh
and then there are and - this is to her
credit she acknowledges that there's
kind of a lot she doesn't remember 35
years later and so you know even within
the four corners of her story somebody
who's disinclined to believe it has you
know a lot of questions to ask and so I
mean I guess I think that there's at the
end of the day it's going to be very
hard to put together a kind of
authoritative story of this either one
that says a person came forward made an
allegation and we studied it and it
lacks merit or one that says you know
hey this person was Brett Kavanaugh was
you know credibly and authoritative ly
accused of gross misconduct and that
means I think at the end of the day that
most senators or the you know senators
who aren't already decided are going to
have a kind of gut instinct call to make
about where they want to you know what
side they want to err on and that's a
you know that's a very unstable
situation for those senators and
ultimately and this will bring us back
to Emma but Benjamin this you know
people obviously at times look to the
law for parameters as to how to put
something into context and and there are
reasons correct me if I'm wrong for
statutes of limitations and and it's why
I asked you earlier if there are legal
implications here and you said no there
are none because she charged could he be
charged I don't think so could he
certainly not and you know the one
and one thing that you know statutes of
limitations however don't apply to is
the question of should you be elevated
from one you know lifetime appointment
on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals to a
lifetime appointment on the Supreme
Court and so you know the fact that
there are no possible legal consequences
here doesn't you know doesn't answer the
question of whether you should write a
senator should support his elevation
which is really a question that doesn't
have a legal answer it just has a you
know a kind of oath of office and
accountability to voters kind of answer
mm-hmm so John Emmett talked about the
concerns obviously that miss the doctor
Ford had about coming forward my gosh
well III what what are the consequences
for the Trump White House what are the
consequences for Republicans from being
seen going after her attacking this
woman who claims that she was attacked
and feared for her life 30-something
years ago it seems it does not seem like
a possibility even in the age of Trump
does it well there's been reporting that
suggests there Bob in the last 24 hours
some White House sources and various
publications that have suggested that
that's exactly what they're going to do
I will wait and see whether that happens
or not it would obviously be in the
current political climate not just I
don't mean just the in the context of
the me to move and everything that's
happened over the course of the last
year I mean in them in a moment where
the biggest political problem that this
White House and this Republican Party
have is with female voters broadly
speaking and with and with with the
suburban female women of both of both of
both white from suburban
college-educated females and also the
vast array of of non-white women who
make up such a big part of the
Democratic base further alienating them
would be a huge political problem I want
to ask Emma Brown this question though
Emma can just like talk a little bit
about Mark judge someone who is the
other according to the the alleged
victim here is some of the other person
who's in the room who's given us to add
a statement or a tenor of
at the end of the last week I don't
believe talked to you but you make some
what made were not to be very relevant
points about mark judges contemporaneous
experiences in the timeframe that we're
talking about yeah he he did not speak
to me or comment for my story but and
has has strongly denied that this
occurred he he's an author and a
filmmaker and one of the books he wrote
is called waisted tales of a Gen X drunk
and it's about his teenaged alcoholism
and recovery and in it he writes quite a
bit about the culture of partying at
Georgetown prep and about his own
drinking to the point of blacking out
and you know not knowing how he got to
where he woke up so you know I think
that is perhaps relevant if you you know
this story that Christine Ford has told
is that both Brett Kavanaugh and Mark
judge were stumbling drunk when this
episode occurred so I guess there's a
question about would would either of
them remember this incident if they were
that drunk Emma brown of the Washington
Post thank you very much for your
reporting this morning thanks Joe but
let's bring in Donny Deutsch Donny we've
talked about it before let's let's talk
about it some more because it seems to
me that this is the decision the these
are the factors that Mitch McConnell and
the Republican Party and Lisa Murkowski
and Susan Collins are going to have to
grapple with even if Benjamin witness is
correct and I think most would say he is
correct that finding the truth in this
instance is factually impossible to
resolve or close to it even if this were
a he-said she-said happening that
occurred over 30 years ago that Kavanagh
is denied that Ford has talked about
emphatically even if everything
factually
the way the Democrats waited the way
they held onto that all of the
procedural issues all of the factual
issues it seems to me if you were
advising a political party with the
Republican Party's problems right now I
mean I mean they're obviously there are
no really good options for them right
now
what would you tell them well there's
one option they can't walk away from you
know that this is where kind of us
culturally and politically that the
worlds are colliding you know in the me2
movement the subhead of the me2 movement
is it's time for men to listen so if the
Republicans are saying we're not even
gonna listen you know we don't we don't
even want to hear it out that is a that
is a suicidal mission to your point Joe
we nobody can know the facts although to
me when somebody brings up 25 years
later in a couples therapy session
something you kind of have to believe it
then it takes a polygraph test but that
aside I would hate to be any Republican
going forward in their career not just
in this election that will stand up and
say no we weren't weren't even willing
to listen that would be going against
entire societal wave that is happening
in our culture that is going against an
entire gender reboot of who we are and
once again into John's earlier point boy
if you look at that midterms women and
every poll is saying right now that
we're going to be coming out in droves
and I think this is the kind of thing
that also starts to not only the house
is gone we'll put the Senate in we a
wheel we oil play if the Republicans my
own death here it will be a death spiral
for them well and and Donnie this is I
say this goes even beyond the me2
movement if the me2 movement had never
happened Republicans would still be able
to read their poll numbers and see how
poorly they were doing with women
because of Donald Trump so again how
does Lisa Murkowski doesn't how does
Susan Collins how does any Republican
senator that hopes to get educated not
just not just college educated
any women who care about the issue of
choice how how do you cast that vote and
I hate to keep going back to it but this
is where we are right now Kevin they
would they will they will forever be
branded as casting their vote for a man
who has a cloud over his head no matter
how fair or unfair that is and that
Supreme Court nominee will be the
deciding vote on roe v wade the
consequences for Republicans long term
with women especially could be
devastating this is a moment in time Joe
use word branding it the Republicans the
cowardice of them if they're smart
they're gonna have to kind of pull up
their big boy or girl pants at this
point understand they will be branded
forever all of the chickens are gonna
come to roost and all of these people
who have been quiet who have stood by
they are gonna pay for it this is a
moment in time and if they hide at this
moment in time the rest of their
political careers will pay I hope there
are some Republicans listen this is not
a gray issue this is a black and white
at the very least you need to say no
we're not going to not hear evil we need
to listen it I believe Cavanaugh is dead
at this point I would be shocked if he's
ever Supreme Court justice me Kay you
know you can look at what some
Republicans said about Al Franken for
instance
ya know if they said about about
allegations that Al Franken denied and
you start adding that up and you compare
that to what's going on right now again
it seems to me they're in a very
difficult position and Mitch McConnell's
at some point he may have the votes but
at some point Mitch McConnell may have
to look at the numbers Brett Kavanaugh
was already a historically unpopular
pick yeah you'd have to go back quite
some time to find another one that was
unpopular as he was Mitch McConnell has
to start asking himself do we do we want
- stand by Brett Kavanaugh possibly lose
the Senate or do we just go to the
Federalist Society have them pick
another conservative jurist and put him
or her right or her mm-hmm wouldn't be a
bad idea
a her up for nominations is sprinkle
there are a lot of reasons perhaps not
to confirm Brett Kavanaugh but if the
Dems play really dirty on this I don't
think that's good for politics and for
both sides down it's what we're dealing
with in the White House
still ahead there are 50 days until the
midterms and new polling shows tight
Senate races in two states Donald Trump
won by double digits in 2016 we're
digging into those numbers as well as
new concerns for the Republican Party
next on Morning Joe thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
