my contract with the American voter my
contract my contract my contract with
the American voter begins with the plan
begins with a plan begins with a plan to
end government corruption when we when
we when we win on November 8 we're going
to Washington DC to drain the Swami
it will happen I'm really good at things
like that that was then candidate Donald
Trump delivering one of his signature
campaign lines just a few of his rallies
leading up to the election day in 2016
and it was a message that likely helped
him win over some voters but as Michael
Cohen and Paul Manafort joined the list
of former Trump advisors who have
pleaded guilty to crimes some
Republicans are growing increasingly
worried about the impact those scandals
and the President himself could have on
the midterms Republican Congressman Tom
Cole tells the New York Times quote this
is very much a referendum on the
president if we had to fight this
campaign on what we accomplished in
Congress in the state of the economy
I think we'd almost certainly keep the
majority congressman Cole joins me now
congressman thank you for being here
it's good to see you I want to pick up
on what we were just showing there
because and and Lisa Lera mentioned this
in one of our last blocks that a Keizer
poll that usually focuses on health care
learned that corruption was floating to
the top of some of voters minds and you
also told the New York Times about the
president's associates as we saw a
metaphor Michael Cohen you said quote
when there's smoke and there's a lot of
smoke there may well be fire anybody who
says this is not disturbing is not being
honest and you go on to say your advice
to any candidate would be keep your
powder dry don't rush to attack or
defend anybody because you just don't
know enough to have a reaction you can
still defend three months from now now
first of all I mean do you think that
there is corruption among the
president's inner circle okay well
you're talking about his inner circle
was president no I mean showing about
John Kelly and you're talking about
Kelly Anne you know kind of
no in terms of is it disturbing when a
former campaign chairman is convicted of
crimes now his case they were crimes to
predate his association with the
president yeah that's disturbing when
it's your personal lawyer that's pleaing
that's disturbing so I think in a
situation like that and this information
is unfolding and coming out I'd be very
careful as any kind of candidate to you
know take a firm position anyplace until
I had the information to make a
considered judgment and that's basically
the advice I give people how worried are
you about this idea as well that the
president is telling Republican base
voters everything's going to be fine
it's fake news that there's going to be
a blue wave
well I again I'm not worried about that
a lot quite frankly I look everybody's
had a bad midterm since 2002 didn't
matter who it was Republicans or
Democrats
so midterms are going to be tough
regardless but in in this case I think
most voters understand there's a lot at
stake here the there's no question the
Democratic base is highly energized it
has been frankly throughout the the last
18 months
I think our base gets more energized as
you approach the election so I actually
think both bases will actually turn out
pretty well do you think that the
numbers that you know we've seen these
poll the the poll numbers among
Republicans for the president are
extraordinarily high in the 80s
sometimes in the 90s do you think that
and there you can see it there 84% this
is our most recent numbers approve 84%
of Republicans 14% disapprove do you
think that there's still as many
Republicans as there were before I mean
how much damage is this president doing
our people are you seeing people leave
the party how much damage no I'm really
not actually and and frankly the
Democratic drift to the left and
sometimes it's more than a drift this is
Stampede in some districts has probably
helped Republicans because I don't think
they're much of an alternative to most
Republican voters which would worry
about as people stay at home and again I
think the stakes of the election are so
high that they won't I mean I think our
energy level I've seen a lot of polling
actually is about what it was in 2010
the big difference is democratic energy
is much higher than it was in 2010 or
even in you know elections like 2012
where they were successful so
we're not going to be able to dampen
down Democratic energy so you better
really work your own district in your
own voters hard make sure they come out
and vote I feel like I'm getting a
slightly different Tom Cole on TV than I
was reading in the New York I mean this
did look I think this election that no
question will lose seats there is a
question whether or not we'll lose the
majority and the Senate I feel pretty
good about where we're at in the house I
actually think we're the things we can
control we've done a pretty good job our
committees good we have good issues to
run on our candidates are good but again
nobody's had a good midterm in a long
times I told you when we were chatting
off-camera look Ronald Reagan lost 26
seats in the midterm he's pretty good
president so again I don't think we're
seeing something unusual and if anything
the fact that we got unemployment 23.9
with Ronald Reagan was ten point one
we've got something like a four percent
growth rate those things help a lot
do you think that President Trump is
damaging the Republican Party now I
think we've had two years that have been
very successful in terms of policy goals
so you know this president is a very
unorthodox very unusual president and
what his electorial impact will be on an
off year I don't think we really know
yet but in terms of the policy that he's
signed and could not have happened
without him look this has been pretty
successful two years so you don't have
any reservations about the wide range of
I mean the norms that he sort of seems
to kick aside his attacks on the Justice
Department and drop said oh I think I do
there are certainly areas where I would
use different language or would have a
different point of view than the
president but politically the reality is
you know cut taxes done deregulation
rebuilding the military a lot of things
frankly the Democrats agree with like
human trafficking opioids trying to do
something to help our veterans he's
actually got a pretty good record to run
on my biggest problem is we haven't been
able to run on the record he's compiled
you know some of these other things up
to that well I think some of these
things if you get a man afford or you
get a Cohen those kind of things
distract
I think tweets sometimes can distract so
I would just focus on the basic because
the basics for the president are better
than some of these extraneous issues but
again cutting through the clutter is a
challenge so you're perfectly
comfortable in the party of Charl I'll
never be perfectly comfortable in any
midterm of my parties in power I mean
our challenge is we got a tough election
in front of us but I think we positioned
ourselves about as well as we can we'll
see how we do all right
Congressman Tom Cole thank you thank you
your time tonight really read it hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
