happening now tropical depression
Florence downgraded but still drenching
the Carolinas and Virginia and flooding
remains a major concern in more than 50
towns and cities you've got record
rainfall in North Carolina up to 30
inches of rain in spots officials are
warning drivers to stay off the roads
because parts of i-40 and i-95 are now
cut off by those floodwaters I want to
show you some new video of flooding in
the city of Charlotte it got just under
five inches of rain but forecasters say
that could go up to 15 inches and more
than 13,000 military personnel are
actively involved in rescue efforts the
death toll from Florence has just gone
up to 14 NBC's Kerry Sanders and Matt
Bradley are covering the storm for us in
North Carolina first to Fayetteville
where a mandatory evacuation order is in
effect in Cary we were with you last
hour we could literally see and I know
you were watching those waters rise how
are things looking now well I thought
what we would do is set up an experiment
so we're not going to move the camera
because we've been rolling since I last
talked to you I'm going to step out of
the way and we'll adjust the focus here
and what we've done is we put the camera
here on this bridge to watch the water
rise and we're actually at a wide
portion of the river just to see how
quickly it comes up so when we first set
up about 38 5 42 minutes ago
we didn't really have much water really
coming on the bridge and the lower right
hand corner there you can see it's now
just beginning to come over this will be
sort of a calculation of how quickly the
water is rising and again we're in a
wide portion here I want to take you up
above with a drone right now as you take
a look at the drone pictures of
Fayetteville you can see portions of
downtown Fayetteville are flooded
that is why 2800 people have been told
or 2,800 residents
those are homes have been told that they
have to evacuate so there's going to be
quite a number more right here in the
county they've opened up seven shelters
and there's one private shelter that's
open two of those shelters will accept
pets people have gotten out by and large
police going since early this morning
knocking on doors with the fire
department on the bullhorns telling
people as you see some of the video of
the flooding here you get an
understanding of why they moved so
quickly fortunately this happened in the
daylight hours it would have been much
more difficult to happen at night and
Chris you asked me earlier about some of
the elderly people and some of the
people who just didn't have the ability
to get out I can tell you now that they
have some great assistance here
Cumberland County is doing a wonderful
job but thankfully they have support
from a swift water rescue team that is
helping evacuate people from Los Angeles
as well as from Nebraska and in both
cases they're not just here they've
already been deployed they've gone out
and they've helped people get out into
the areas and bring some people to
safety so again the the crisis is sort
of unfolding as we speak to give you an
idea were calculated right now to be at
about 35 feet above flood stage
it's expected to go to a record an
incredible 62 feet clearly where I am
will be well under water and we've done
a little bit of a calculation that the
flow of the water here is going at
somewhere around 6 to 8 miles per hour
so remember in that sort of water in 3
inches it can knock you down so you
don't want to go out actually into the
flow of the water Kerry Sanders stay
safe out there we will be checking back
in with you throughout the day thank you
so much for that incredible footage from
both on the ground and in the air I want
to go to NBC's Matt Bradley now he's in
Lumberton North Carolina what's going on
where you are Matt well Chris as you can
see the rain has really picked up
actually just before you came to me just
now it's been going on and off but as
you can see there's not a whole lot of
wind it's really not like the storm
conditions we've had in the past but I'm
standing in about ankle deep water right
here and that's the steps of overflow
from the lumber River which is on the
other side of i-95 I 95 as you can see
by this police car lights it's been shut
down for this entire length now it's not
such a big problem right now because all
of this has been evacuated but come
tomorrow Monday it's going to be hard to
bring this place back to normal the
concern for residents here in Lumberton
is that the lumber River levee will
breach and that the water will start
flowing over and flood this whole town
even more than it is now that's exactly
what happened in 2016 after Hurricane
Matthew it was a disaster here several
people were killed
residents were telling me that then the
water level rose from where it is now -
almost chest level and that was deadly
and it was very hard to recover because
remember Chris this is one of the
poorest regions in America this is
actually one of the poorest towns in
North Carolina and a lot of people here
just really they can't take another
disaster like hurricane Matthew from
2016 Chris yeah the rain really coming
down where you are hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
