my name is Anita F Hill and I am a
professor of law at the University of
Oklahoma it would have been more
comfortable to remain silent it took no
initiative to inform anyone I took no
initiative to inform anyone but when I
was asked by a representative of this
committee to report my experience I felt
that I had to tell the truth I could not
keep silent 27 years after Anita Hill
came forward to testify that then
Supreme Court justice nominee Clarence
Thomas had sexually harassed her and we
know how that turned out he was
confirmed anyway another Supreme Court
nominee is facing allegations of sexual
misconduct this time made anonymously in
a letter that landed on the desk of
United States Senator Dianne Feinstein a
woman alleged judge Brett Kavanaugh
tried to force himself on her while they
were in high school in the 1980s
according to the New York Times citing
three sources familiar with the letter
and the New Yorker both of whom
published reports on the allegations on
Friday Kavanaugh is denying the
allegation saying in a statement I
categorically and unequivocally deny
this allegation I did not do this back
in high school or at any time Elian
nyira back with me and joining me now is
Kareem jean-pierre of moveon.org and
Kareem there's a lot that strange here I
want to get into the delay in getting
this information senator Feinstein had
since July according to both the the
Ronan Farrow Jane Mayer story as well as
the New York Times story she had this
information she held this information
she said it was because she wanted to
protect the identity of this accuser and
protect her privacy but there it is it
strange to you that she did not disclose
even to the other Democratic members of
the Senate Judiciary Committee anything
about this or questioned him about it
even in closed session yes and that's
what I exactly what I was going to say I
can understand protecting women who come
forward and their identity and and
making sure that you know like I said
they're protected but she sat on this
for two months as you stated joy
and she didn't even bring it up behind
closed doors of the the sessions that
they had with Brett Kavanaugh she could
have brought it up there she didn't give
it to the FBI when she first heard it
and so it is it is troubling in that way
I think there's things that she could
have done a lot sooner before today but
at the end of the day it should be about
these allegations they're incredibly
troubling this process has been going
way too fast it was what's less than 60
days after his nomination he was he was
already starting a hearing and we should
slow this process down there sure
xiety at all and certainly not at the
highest court of our nation and we need
to slow this down and it should not be
about democrats it should not be about
when it came out it should be about
Brett Kavanaugh because this is a
lifetime appointment absolutely let me
be we started off playing Anita Hill who
was so brave to come forward there were
three other women who are willing to
stand by her but memorably Democratic
senators including former Vice President
Joe Biden did not call those other three
women who would have backed her up and
didn't allow them to be heard but in
this case Anita Hill who had to do it
all alone back then she released a
statement saying the reluctance of
someone to come forward demonstrates
that even in the me2 era it remains
incredibly difficult to report
harassment abuse or assault by people in
power given the seriousness of these
allegations the government needs to find
a fair and neutral way for complaints to
be investigated the Senate Judiciary
Committee should put in place a process
that enables anyone with a complaint of
this nature to be heard I have seen
firsthand what happens when such a
process is weaponized against an accuser
and no one should have to endure that
again and just to make it clear that
what this accuser is is alleging is
serious it was a long time ago but per
the this is the fair the Ronan Farrow
Jane Mayer version of the story from The
New Yorker and this is the description
it is disturbing
it says the allegation dates back to the
early 1980s when Kavanaugh was a high
school student and the woman attended a
nearby High School in the letter the
woman alleged that during an encounter
at a party Kavanagh held her down and
that he attempted to force himself on
her she claimed in the letter that
Kavanaugh and a classmate of his both of
whom had been drinking turned up music
that was then playing in the room to
conceal the sound of her protest and
that Cavanaugh covered her mouth with
his hand but that she was able to free
herself and I should note that you know
then DC hasn't confirmed any of this
reporting or seeing the letter but you
know they they date back to when he was
in high school I'll turn it over to you
now you're Hawk I mean it's not
surprising that this woman would not
want to subject herself to what Anita
Hill had to go through but is it
surprising to you that we're only
getting this allegation now after the
hearings are over
well I think that Kareem mentions a
great point there's so much information
about Kavanagh that's coming out well
after the hearings because the process
has been so rushed he's doing a job
interview for a lifetime appointment
when people take jobs for two years and
it takes them longer to interview in a
process with any of the big company
in the United States so it should be
slowed down not least because we are in
a very interesting political and moral
moment I mean the only reason we know
about the term sexual harassment is
because Anita Hill spoke up about it 20
20 years ago the only reason that we are
hearing about these allegations in a way
that is meaningful is because of that
moment that's been created by me too but
we need to have the opportunity to
understand and figure out what kind of
moral character and moral implication
this has meaning we all want to have
people on supporting on the Supreme
Court who are of high moral character
but we also want to make sure that women
have the opportunity to be heard and we
also want to make sure that nobody is
being held accountable for something
that was never a conviction that's gonna
take more than a minute and it should
not be rushed in a process where next
week we suddenly have to make a final
judgment on giving this guy a lifetime
appointment yeah and Elly I mean your
views on Kevin are very well known but
you know I want to go back and unpack
because this is a guy who's facing you
know a lot of other allegations
including there are senators there
saying they can't vote from you they
believe he lied to Congress before
there's all sorts of issues it's still
being jammed through fine my Diane
Feinstein to stay on this for a moment
she said on Thursday that the individual
who came forward strongly requested
confidentiality declined to come forward
and press the matter further she's
honored that decision says I have
however referred the matter to feather
investigative authority so she's in
she's referred to investigation she's
had it since July what do you make of
this she also said later in that
statement oh I also thought that it was
better to focus on the law and not this
personal stuff and that is where she is
wrong Cavanaugh on the law is Republican
just like Neel Gore s√©jour ray Catholic
or whoever else they want to drag up but
it's this character stuff Cavanaugh is
the most ethically challenged
Supreme Court nominee we've had since
Clarence Thomas he you don't have to
believe these allegations necessarily I
don't know the truthfulness of these
allegations but I know Brett Kavanaugh
isn't telling the truth oh how can he
defend himself he doesn't know who she
is even he knows who she is he remembers
the party I remember the I remember
every single girl I passed a note to in
chemistry class all right
he knows who she is and he's not telling
the truth about that he's not telling
the truth about his debts baseball
tickets
who believes that
not telling the truth about his gambling
he says he played a dice game for no
money who believes that if I roll with
my children we're playing for skittles
all right that's that's completely
untrue that he played a dice game for no
money it's completely untrue
that he he lied to Congress that's the
last thing I just got to in my list he
lied to Congress this process needs to
be stopped and any Republican any
Republican who cannot see their moral
way clear to say let's just get another
conservative they can pass them in the
lame duck yeah that's it some if
Cavanaugh succeeds it is a moral failing
of the process and the process has
included Kareem you know Republicans who
you know again this the only Diane
Feinstein knew about this letter
apparently since July she didn't even
tell other Democrats however quick fast
in a hurry to the point of whether or
not mr. Cavanaugh does know who this
woman is and is familiar with this
allegation very quickly a letter was
produced being signed by 65 women yeah
this guy new 65 women he went to an
all-boys high school when he knew 65
girls in high school who all produced
produced a letter saying for the entire
time we've known Brett Kavanaugh Esme
aver honorably treated with respect we
strongly believe it's important to
convey the information to me at this
time how did they come up with 65 women
that went to high school with him when
he went to an all-boys high school they
were quick they were ready joy they were
ready they knew about this and so they
had it at the ready and like you said
they dropped it just like that so they
knew about this accusation the sexual
accusation of sexual assault before the
New York
ready for it and they they'll release
that letter but here's a thing joy so we
know that Brett Kavanaugh lied right we
know he lied under oath
we know his extreme views on roe v wade
on affirmative action and now he's being
accused of sexual assault
what else do senators need to stop this
process what else do they need he
couldn't be more flawed and more just
ethically challenged and they just
refused to stop this and why do they
well let's think about it the midterms
are coming up they have nothing else to
sell right they have Gorsuch and that's
pretty much about it they can't run on
their awful tax cuts they're trying to
take health care away from any from
everybody and and SCOTUS pigs actually
move their base so that's one reason
there and they knows what the outcome of
the midterms might be for them yeah so
this is completely politics it's not
about the country it's about their party
it's about giving Donald Trump a win
yeah there's one more thing that
Cavanaugh has that the replacement level
arch-conservative doesn't right and that
is Cavanaugh's ridiculous theory that
everybody in the executive branch works
for the president and not the American
people that's the one thing that Gorsuch
doesn't have or catholics doesn't have
this belief that Trump cannot be charged
or subpoenaed or looked at askance I
think it's why he was nominated and that
yeah that's the case that's why he's
still here and that's why so and the
thing that nyira that's so incredible is
the lengths to which Republicans are
willing to go to give that to Donald
Trump to immunize him through the
Supreme Court essentially to put someone
on the court that is essentially you
know it's sort of it's sort of you know
seating the jury in a way and they don't
and they're not that none of this is
moving at Republicans at all this is
going forward no matter what it said
Republicans have been coming out giving
statements saying nope we're gonna
Thursday we're gonna have the hearing
we're voting on it it doesn't matter
what comes out and they're also using
this to turn it around on Dianne
Feinstein and make a claim much like
what happened in the Roy Moore case very
different obviously allegations in
Alabama the Senate case after
Feinstein's announcement a White House
spokesman in Cary ku Peck came out to
say about Cavanaugh not until the eve of
the confirmation that Senator Fiennes
and raised the specter of new
information about it calling in 11th
hour attempt unless confirmation um no
Diane Feinstein didn't drop this at the
11th hour the New York Times and The New
Yorker intrepid reporters did because it
had become an open secret in Washington
and that that's the the unfortunate part
of all of this is that I hope this
prompts women to come forward at the
time something happens and to be
reporting instances of sexual assault
and abuse because if we had a police
record here I think that would make this
an even stronger case open and shut but
the challenge with the people who are
actually doing the confirming right now
is that they are more interested in
executing their agenda extreme
conservative agenda of stacking the
judiciary of passing through health
kemon ating health care and passing
through tax cuts that help corporates
they are willing to accept morally
flawed candidates morally flawed
president and now a morally flawed
Supreme Court nominee just to execute
their agenda yeah and and we're running
out of time the Korean you know what
would it mean you know to have both
Kavanagh and Clarence Thomas you know on
the court I mean just what does that
symbolize for the country given the
allegations against them both it sends a
horrible message to women when you have
two people who have been accused of
sexual assault you know on the highest
court some of them of the land and it's
just really unfortunate and it should be
allowed it could be stopped the Senators
have the power to stop this and they can
there's no reason to move this as fast
as they are they need to stop this
process to move Karen's comments with
sexual harassment and with this case it
is an allegation of assault it's pretty
serious and there'll be two of them on
the court I thank you Elam is style
thank you and I are a hawk hearing we'll
be back in our next hour in our next
hour the walls are closing in on Donald
Trump we will also talk hurricane
politics ethnics
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
