one of the reasons I respect for man
afford so much is he went through that
trial you know they make up stories
people make up stories this whole thing
about flipping they call it I know all
about flipping for 30 40 years I've been
watching flippers are you considering
pardoning Paul Manafort I have great
respect for what he's done in terms of
what he's gone through I would say what
he did some of the charges they threw
against him every consultant every
lobbyist in Washington probably does
good morning and welcome to am joy well
it has been an action-packed news cycle
just in the last 24 hours
a tropical storm that's still dumping
heavy rain on the Carolinas and has
claimed seven lives we'll have a live
report on the storm a little later in
the show and what could turn out to be
Donald Trump's worst week ever though at
this point who can tell trumps Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh is facing
an allegation of sexual misconduct from
when he was in high school Vanity Fair
reports had people close to Trump's
former lawyer Michael Cohen say he's
talking to Special Counsel Robert
Muller's team and a development Donald
Trump did not seem to see coming in the
Russia investigation his former campaign
chair Paul Manafort is now cooperating
with Robert Muller
Manafort pleaded guilty yesterday the to
criminal charges filed in Washington DC
and admitted his guilt to ten charges in
his
Virginia case according to his plea
agreement man affort must cooperate
fully with the government in any and all
matters as to what the government deems
the cooperation relevant that means that
he has to meet with investigators
without a lawyer he has to turn over
documents testify in court and he won't
even be sentenced until Muller is
satisfied so Muller has nabbed what may
be his biggest fish yet because of what
Manticore Manta Ford could share on key
questions in the investigation did the
Trump campaign for instance get a heads
up about the Russian hack of Democrats
in the Clinton campaign did Trump know
about the infamous Trump Tower meeting
with a Russian lawyer which mana Ford
attended along with Trump's son and his
son-in-law and what do man affords other
ties to Russia and Ukraine have
to do with the period of time when he
ran the Trump campaign joining me now
MSNBC legal analyst Danny Cevallos le
myth style editor of above the law calm
former State Department senior advisor
nyira hawk and professor of law at
Georgetown Law School Paul Butler thank
you all for being here
Daniel come right to you on this for the
answers to some of those questions what
how significant is it because we were I
think producers and I have been sort of
going back and forth on which of these
two co-operators could be more
detrimental of Donald Trump between
Michael Cohen who's known the Trump
family a long time and Paul Manafort for
some reason Paul Manafort felt
especially significant this week is that
legitimate Paul Manafort is more
significant to the overall Russia
investigation that the Muller team is is
engaged in Michael Cohen is more
dangerous to Donald Trump because in
open court Michael Cohen
referenced essentially an unindicted
co-conspirator in the form of the
president and Michael Cohen's plea
answered the question does anybody
really care about campaign finance
crimes that my answer is yeah they
definitely do but Paul Manafort as it
relates to Russia right well metaphor is
and was mr. Russia so even if he doesn't
have information directly relevant to
the president yep he may equally have
information about Russians Ukrainians
anybody in Europe that Moeller cares
about and and anybody in your at the
mall cares when you said Russians and
Ukrainians one of the things we know
about Paul Manafort it's time when
running the Trump campaign is that he
was the campaign chairman at the time
that the Republican National Committee
took place and the platform the only
change it was requested by the Trump
side was to change that platform in the
Ukraine plank this actually cut six up
for my producer sorry I switched my my
plan here mana for joins the Trump
campaign in March by May he's promoted
to chairman and chief strategist mainly
to help with the with the convention in
June mana for Jared Kushner Donald Trump
and Don junior they they meet with this
Trump Lord with this Russian lawyer in
Trump Tower July mana fort then offers
private readings on this briefings on
the status of the election to a Russian
billionaire RNC platform change happens
in July Trump says Russia if you're
listening and then thereafter they're
hacking continues or the releases
continuing then he resigns in August
that period of time how much culpability
do you think that me
are we now at conspiracy yeah I mean I
think we need to call Clarissa because
we found another witch right look mana
forts significant exactly for why you
say we all know the kwid mana fort can
tell us the pro quo right
what did Russia want we know what Trump
wanted he wanted to be President he got
to be President yay what did watcher
want in exchange right was it enough for
them to just say just be racist and
incompetent and that'll be enough for us
and we'll call it even
maybe but maybe they wanted specific
things as you just laid out and manna
forts gonna be the one who knows exactly
what Russia wanted exactly what Russia
got and if he gave them stuff and Trump
knew that he was giving him stuff that
should that should be enough give me
enough that shouldn't make the
conspiracy we know what we know but
Trump wanted we know what Trump got we
know what Russia wanted we know what
rush Russia got that's the four-corners
we should be later yeah and now you're I
mean the point is is that man afford you
know he's had a lot of clients that were
bad guys I he's represented the Congo
when the the Democratic Republic of
Congo when the Mbutu was still in power
he's represented some pretty tough
customers but he was very much involved
in that change of government in Ukraine
to a more pro-russian government for a
while and a sort of very sketchy
election and so is that really in your
view where his uh the danger for him
lies it or the danger for Trump lies
that he is the guy that had these direct
ties to this pro-russian government in
Ukraine and that just so happens that
that Ukraine plant gets changed alright
so let's look about two years before we
all know that what happened at the
Democrat or the Republican National
Convention and the political season both
Donald Trump and Paul Manafort had
extensive ties to Russia but we don't
know necessarily what the money trail
connection is right with Paul Manafort
now we know was a lobbyist for the
Ukraine the government that essentially
allowed half of its country to be
invaded by Russia taken over by Russia
that was a huge international crisis
that Paul Manafort was on the wrong side
of we know that Donald Trump at that
time had been looking for money and
seeking money from Russian oligarchs
connected to Putin we don't know how
much or where or when so it's actually
the retroactive information of how Putin
and Donald Trump really connect to each
other through the campaign chairman I
mean this is not a small low level
fish in hid in Donald Trump's orbit
there is nobody higher in Donald Trump's
campaign than his campaign chairman who
ostensibly was guiding him with the same
values he used to guide the Russians to
victory in the Ukraine yeah and you know
Paul Butler it it does seem that Paul
Manafort was holding out for quite some
time right he's been through he has two
separate trials in one of them there
were a miss there was a mistrial on some
of the counts he's not had to plead say
I did all those things by the way even
the stuff that was that resulted in
mistral I did all of that he did to
plead to everything but it seemed that
what he was holding out for was a pardon
does it surprise you given the fact that
perhaps the dangerous words that could
come out of his mouth are Jared Kushner
DOM and Donald Trump jr. that he didn't
that Trump didn't pardon him you know
well what Trump said or Giuliani said on
behalf of Trump is that any pardons the
president issues will be after the
investigation and now it's too late
so Manta Ford had a tough choice to make
should he rely on the word of Trump the
presume word of from maybe he'll get a
pardon well people who rely on Trump's
were don't end up doing so well the
other concern was that if he went to
trial in the District of Columbia he
would all hundreds and hundreds of
thousands of dollars on top of the money
that he already owes so he's getting a
pretty good deal
he was looking if he was convicted in DC
as he will almost certainly would have
been at 20 years in prison
now if he offers substantial cooperation
he's likely to do about ten years maybe
less and for a 69 year old man that's a
big difference but George you're
absolutely right Manta fort was the big
get a lot of resources eleven months but
finally Muller broke man oh four yeah
and I mean the idea is I'm presuming I'm
away for some not a lawyer that you give
up somebody higher than yourself to get
these deals and the only people higher
up the food chain than Paul Manafort
we're Jared Kushner Donald Trump jr. and
Donald Trump so is it presumable these
already told man he didn't you have to
tell the court and tell the molar team
everything that he's got in advance of
getting the pardon
that is an absolute condition of any
plea agreement and cooperation agreement
is that when he came forward in the
proper he had to dazzle the prosecutors
enough to believe that the information
he had was reliable and that it went up
the chain of command but I caution
everybody yes it is very possible that
it's Trump Trump jr. Jared Kushner but
it's equally possible it's those other
folks that are part of the Russia
investigation Russians right so it could
relate to those people as well which
would be very interesting if metaphor
ultimately has information that isn't
damaging to the Americans that are above
him corrector @al that he really has
information damaging only to Russians
does he then still appear loyal to
President Trump and keep the possibility
open for a pardon I don't think we can
rule that out because if anybody knows
Russians Manta Ford knows Russians right
you know let's play Islanders with a
little bit I don't come back to on this
Alex I'm wondering what the value of a
pardon is at this point if he's already
told what he knows in whatever he's told
is already damaging enough that they
were willing to give him a deal this is
even Alan Dershowitz who's been very
defensive of Donald Trump throughout and
it didn't very protected well he says
he's not doing it to protect Donald
Trump but he's been very defensive
invisible Islanders with said on MSNBC
on Friday well of course they should be
there's nothing that he can testify to
that would probably lend weight to
impeachment because he didn't really
have close contact with President Trump
while he was president but he did have
contact during the campaign tough
question whether or not alleged crimes
committed to get somebody elected
president is an impeachable offense and
now we don't know the answer to that I
think he was perhaps hoping for a pardon
and then the question comes up did the
president act too late if he was gonna
party he'd have been much better off
pardoning early rather than waiting
until these are ready corporate feel
free to answer either of those questions
could you commit crimes to become
president it's not impeachable and is it
too late Department I can't believe that
the president has lost his free lawyer
Alan Dershowitz look Alan Dershowitz
doesn't know he doesn't know what naina
fort knows it him saying like well it's
probably not in peace he doesn't know
anything he's not there he wasn't there
all right so yes if mana fort knows that
again if mana fort knows that
gave Russians something in exchange for
their help to rig the election which we
now kind of know to be a fact that would
be an impeachable offense what is an
impeachable offense it's whatever the
Senate in conservation is not usable at
that so Hollander sorts saying there's
no that's that's just not credible yeah
now again how how whether or not
metaphor it has anything that's gonna
change the mind of Lindsey Graham now
who knows you know Paul Butler the track
record here right now from Bob Muller
it's pretty darn good let's put up his
track record could Paul Manafort
convicted Michael Flynn pleaded guilty
George papadopolis pleaded guilty Rick
gates pleaded guilty Alex vanderzwaan
PETA guilty very short sentence when
pleaded guilty Richard Pineda pleaded
guilty Constantin Kim kill Nick clinic
indicted 13 Russian nationals in diet at
12 Russia so you see that he's doing
he's doing pretty well and I he's a
relentless prosecutor joy as you noted
at the beginning there were 11 or 10
hung counts of the Virginia case that
the Virginia jury couldn't agree on that
case was kind of over but Muller
yesterday in court made man afford say
those two things that the jury can agree
on yeah I committed those crimes as well
he is a relentless prosecutor all he
does is win so now man affords floated
like like : before him I every one in
his sights mother gets and that cannot
be good news for the President of the
United States what is good on my air hog
news for the the people of the United
States is that Muller is also bringing
in the cash I mean he is now secured for
the United States something over 40
million dollars in assets for the due to
asset for Fassett forfeiture and seizure
that now goes right in the in the
coffers so Donald Trump has lost one of
his arguments that he's made which is
that the molar probe is costing too much
money well and actually that he's he's
brought in more with forfeiture than the
actual investigation even costs actually
it may even be more than double or
triple and what we're seeing a so glad
that you mentioned the money trail joy
because that's that's the piece that's
really been missing from public view
we know there's documents we know Donald
Trump has tax returns that the public
hasn't seen we know he has a lot
debt he's been bankrupt several times
and we know that Paul Manafort was
making money off of Russian election
meddling literally making money off of
the thing that the Russians have done to
the United States and attacked our
government and now Paul Manafort is uh
pled guilty to conspiracy against the
United States so you have a campaign
chairman who was indicating that the
president United States is directly
connected to a conspiracy against the
United States I want to pull the
attorneys on the panel and just go
around the horn I'm gonna start with you
Paul Butler on the question and a
Lenders what's raised when it's a
strange question where he said we don't
know whether committing whether crimes
someone committed to get elected
president are actually impeachable what
do you what do you what do you make of
that question do you have an answer to
that Paul yeah I I think my former
professor of criminal law Alan
Dershowitz is wrong what the
Constitution says is high crimes and
misdemeanors so if something came out
about a president let's say a worst case
scenario that he or she committed a
murder before she was in office and that
murder was uncovered could that really
be here relevant to the Congress should
that person remain in office of course
not high crimes and misdemeanors
whenever they occur our game for
impeachment Danny
not so fast Paul but exactly exactly
like a former federal prosecutor and you
know when you give the example of
someone who imagine a president
committed a murder before he was elected
well that happened Andrew Jackson killed
a man in a duel everybody knew about it
and yet he was unimpeachable it is still
an open question and it might not be the
case that an official is in P chable for
pre office activities there is scant
history of this and I will admit the
Accademia on it is could go either way
nazmal Minds could differ but it is not
a sure thing that somebody can be
impeached for pre office activities and
it's just an open question and the fact
that someone committed a crime as
egregious as murder does not
automatically qualify as an impeachable
offense because guess what it hasn't in
the past oh my god
Andrew Jackson did a lot of stuff that
he could not get away with in 2018 all
right so I don't think the Andrew
Jackson president is correct
it's murder yeah he's Andrew Jackson he
he was a genocide of maniac I don't
think you get elected in 28 murder back
then I don't think a dual is considered
murder it was let me consider the same
kind of crime as it would be exactly end
up killing which shows you how far we've
come but it was a crime that was known
to everybody at the time it was
committed yeah and like I said open
question if it's pre office activity
well how far we've come but we have now
a guy who reveres Andrew Jackson as
president I'll give you the last word
Ellie I think alan dershowitz a argument
is bollocks succinctly wrapped up by
panel stayed with me because they're all
so great and something we let them
debate some more coming up it's not just
mana Ford who's dumping Trump the man
who said he'd take a bullet for the
Donald is now singing like a bird that's
next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
