client ed holds that Bible hi puts it
down and then he like Donald is a bully
the man is utterly a more I think he's
crazy I honestly I think he's crazy this
man is a pathological liar a narcissist
at a level I don't think this country
has ever seen
he's choking like a dog because he's
losing so badly we have to put him away
tomorrow Donald you're a sniveling
coward and leave Heidi the hell alone
his father was with Lee Harvey Oswald
prior to Oswald being you know sad I've
been the whole thing is ridiculous what
what is this right prior to his being
shot and nobody even brings it up I bet
they don't even talk about that dad and
I get along very well very late into the
campaign and I said don't worry about it
it's only a question of time and then it
became very nasty and then it was over
I don't anything honestly it all worked
out very nicely I don't that's an
unhealthy rash I don't regret anything
at all let's see here let me see if I
check : let's the home check the list
never concede never admit fault or a
wrong all right welcome back tomorrow
Joe it is Tuesday October 23rd let me
clear here mica Donald Trump just said
he did not regret mm-hmm
saying that Ted Cruz's father had
anything to do with a JFK assassination
the president the United States
yesterday the 45th Birds the United
States before he was going down to taxes
there go campaign for a guy named lyin
Ted who was who's who's supposed to have
already won this race weeks ago
according to people that keep poking
bado
he goes down there and again I just want
to repeat it again you got to slow
things down a little bit in the age of
Trump president United States just said
again he does not regret his claim that
a United States Senator has a father who
helped assassinate John Kennedy right
the most shocking part of all of this is
of course Ted the senator whose father
was accused of assassinating JFK in
Dallas on November 22nd 1963 actually
welcomed him with open arms to campaign
I mean really I
how how lacking and pride can you can
you be to to allow somebody to attack
your wife attack your father and then
you embrace him like some conquering
hero it's boy that is a sad way to live
your life come on it confirms everything
people believe about Ted Cruz and about
politicians in general that it's cynical
its transactional
and that your ethics are situational if
you need to win an election and the guy
who accused your father of killing JFK
willing to give you a bump okay you'll
go along for the ride but Joe I think
you're right the quote yesterday from
the president I don't regret anything it
all worked out very nicely to me
captures Trump
that's the Trump doctrine which is that
the ends justify the means that includes
some of the lies we're gonna get into
this morning about Middle Easterners
being in the caravan if that scares
enough people to win some elections on
Election Day it was worth making up that
story the ends justify the means I don't
regret anything says the president
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
