after his conviction in Virginia last
month in an imminent second trial on
additional charges Paul Manafort struck
a deal today with Robert Muller's team a
deal that could have big implications
for the Russia probe the president's
former campaign chairman today pleading
guilty to two federal counts filed in
Washington DC and also admitting his
guilt on charges that a jury in Virginia
last month could not settle on the broad
terms of mana Ford's cooperation
agreement show that he is now obliged to
cooperate with prosecutors in full which
appears to include flipping against the
president potentially as the plea makes
clear mana fort must now cooperate quote
in any and all matters as to which the
government deems the cooperation
relevant in his first statement reacting
to today's development Trump lawyer Rudy
Giuliani saying quote once again an
investigation is concluded with a plea
having nothing to do with President
Trump or the Trump campaign the reason
the President did nothing wrong and Paul
Manafort will tell the truth
minutes later though Giuliani revised
that statement and removed the language
at the end that stated quote Paul
Manafort will tell the truth
of course one way to read that is it
that it could be an indication of the
Trump team is bracing for testimony from
manna for potentially detrimental to the
president manna Ford has now become the
fifth Trump campaign associate to
cooperate with the special counsel after
pleading guilty to criminal charges that
list includes former Trump attorney
Michael Cohen who has also been talking
to the Muller team according to a new
report from Vanity Fair out just late
today joining me now is Tom winter
investigators the investigations
reporter for NBC News Michael Schmidt
Washington correspondent the New York
Times Barbara McQuade a former US
attorney and Betsy Woodruff is a
political reporter at The Daily Beast
thank you all for being with us Tom let
me start with you so just in terms of
laying out the road forward for manna
forth the guilty plea and what sounds
like an open ended cooperation agreement
every question is on the table here he
can't say I don't want to answer
anything right no I mean the the
agreement is very clear if federal law
enforcement agents can speak to him
government attorneys can speak to him
they can have them in front of a grand
jury they can have them testify at trial
maybe for somebody else who might be
charged down the
so it's really open end and I think the
interesting thing here and it's towards
the bottom of the plea agreement that we
really get this kind of in writing so to
speak is that Paul Manafort has already
offered either he or his attorney has
already given them a written proffer
which means that Paul Manafort or his
attorney has already told the Millar
team hey guys you know this is kind of
the general sense of what I have here
that's typically what those written
proffer agreements brings so and that
was on Tuesday of this week there's also
some indications from the plea agreement
that they first started having some
discussions on Monday of this week so
this is not going to be a situation here
where Muller is coming into the office
on Monday as well what is what so
wouldn't you say proper to it do we know
do we have a sense what that information
might pertain to he's telling them hey I
have something that's useful to you
potentially in what specific area yes so
typically the way that these are laid
out they'll bill lay out at first hey
these are the general topics usually an
attorney will do that this is what Paul
Manafort might be able to speak to these
particular topics at that point
typically according to federal
prosecutors that I've talked to
typically then you would actually bring
in the defendant in this case you would
bring in Paul manna Ford and say okay we
understand you want to talk about this
tell us a little bit about what happened
on that day you want to kind of test
that person's knowledge and see how
they're going to talk with you and see
if they're going to come forward and
provide those details we don't have that
written proper agreement that's
something that's going to be under lock
and key and under Muller's team we would
love to have it because it'd be great to
know what Paul Manafort would be willing
to tell them but that's not something
that we're going to see in a public
space anytime soon well well we've got
the good fortune we can thank the
planning of our producers for this of
having a former federal prosecutor with
us maybe who can't answer this and shed
some light then on that next step so
Barbara you hear Tom McQuaid and Tom
Hartman McQueen excuse me Tom winter
outlining there this proffer so from the
prosecutor standpoint from the Muller
team standpoint then they've got this
cooperation agreement what next for them
yet typically what happens next is
they've been proffered sort of the
topics these are the things that Paul
Manafort knows about I would imagine
that what would happen next is a series
of meetings over the coming days and
weeks where they would spend
considerable amounts of time with Paul
Manafort going over every one of those
topics really drilling down in detail
showing him documents confronting him
with the testimony of other witnesses
to determine the veracity of what he has
to say because not only they want to
know the whole story they want to make
sure that it's all true and so they will
test it against other records other
witness testimony that they had it will
be an exhausting process the plea
agreement even says that some of these
may occur with the with their permission
without the presence of the defense
attorney so they may spend lots of hours
with Paul Manafort sitting down combing
through documents and really probing the
extent of all the things he knows so
that they can go forward and then they
may come back to him as they learn other
things as the investigation goes on yeah
in terms of what he may know what he may
be able to shed light on the usefulness
he may be able to provide to the Moller
team in this Russia investigation mana
for could potentially provide
information about any potential
conspiracy between the Trump campaign
and the Russian government that's
certainly something we know mowers been
looking at he was among those who were
the top campaign officials who attended
that June 2016 meeting with Russians at
Trump Tower that was arranged on the
promise of Kremlin dirt on Hillary
Clinton shortly after that Maina Ford
offered private briefings to a Russian
oligarch about the progress of the Trump
campaign main affort may also know about
the changes made to the 2016 Republican
convention platform which weakened the
language on US assistance to Ukraine
since he was among the earliest to deny
that the campaign was responsible
everybody on the platform committee had
said it came from the Trump campaign if
not you who know it absolutely did not
come to the Trump women campaign I don't
know who everybody is but I guarantee
you so there's nobody from the Trump
campaign wanted that change in the
platform no.10
a Republican delegate though later told
NPR that the Trump campaign was involved
in that platform change mana four also
offered an unconvincing denial when it
came to trumps potential business
relationships with Russian oligarchs an
area Muller is likely scrutinizing so to
be clear mr. Trump has no financial
relationships with any Russian oligarchs
that's what he said and that's what Isis
does
obviously what the position is while he
was serving as Trump's campaign chairman
manna fort was also in touch with a
business partner who according to court
filings maintain quote ties to a Russian
intelligence service throughout 2016 so
Michael just in terms of the potential
areas here and and we don't know yet
exactly what molar might be might be
looking at here but there's a broad
range of Russia related topics that the
main affort name comes up in yeah and
the biggest one being the 2016 Trump
Tower meaning and if you're Muller and
you want to someday finish this
investigation you really needed to speak
with man afford even if he doesn't have
anything that can lead to another
prosecution his testimony in knowing
everything that he knew is essential
because you have to turn over all of
these rocks to make sure that you've run
down every lead so just by simply
cooperating he helps move Muller along
is there Barbara that raises a question
that what Michael is saying from the
standpoint of Muller to agree to a deal
like this and then we can talk to it to
Tomic for a little bit more in the
details here but my understanding is
this doesn't look like a lot of prison
time in the future for Paul Manafort so
to agree to this kind of deal do you
have a high degree of likelihood not
only these gonna sit down and talk to
you but that you are going to get from
that actionable items items they're
going to be very helpful in a potential
case you're building yeah I think so
that's the reason for the proffer you
don't you know agree to this until you
know that the person has some
information that you think you might be
interested in but to Mike's point I
agree with him that we ordinarily think
of cooperation is providing what's known
as substantial assistance in the
investigation and prosecution of other
people you know a snitch to sort of get
somebody else but you can also get
cooperation credit if you provide
information that has intelligence value
so if you can provide information about
what Russia's gameplan was in reaching
out to the Trump campaign during the
election that also has value and so
depending on what those things are no
doubt whatever it is that Manta Ford and
his lawyers have suggested through the
proffer that is something that Robert
Miller has already assessed would have
value to him in in Betsy we know the
was at they're praising before today's
developments the president was at
they're praising Paul Manafort for not
buckling for not giving in to to Muller
to federal prosecutors for not cutting
any kind of deal when his former
business partner Rick gates cut that
deal earlier this year turned on Paul
Manafort mana Ford made a statement to
the effect of you know is he strongly
suggested it was not something he
himself found to be an honorable course
in terms of this twist then do we know
what was it that brought it about from
Muller standpoint what did mother say to
him to bring this about we don't know
for sure that conversation of course
would be extremely closely held but one
thing that we can safely assume could be
part of Paul Manafort calculus here is
just the financial strain of going
through this kind of protracted federal
investigation Manta fort was facing the
potential loss of a host of his property
as a host of money he has in bank
accounts so the automatic substantial
expenses there as well as the cost of
legal fees hiring attorneys to represent
you through protracted federal trials is
really really expensive and going as far
back as a year ago people in Manta forts
inner circle had been saying this entire
process of just being federally
prosecuted is extremely financially
onerous to him no one's gonna hire Bal
mana for to lobby for that many time in
the immediate future so it's hard to see
how he would get other sort of you know
financial resources and it's almost
certain that part of his calculation
certainly unlikely all of it but safe to
say a significant part of it was
probably just the financial burden of
having to pay for lawyers to represent
him through a second trial hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
