back to my colleague Craig Melvin down
in North Carolina and Craig I understand
you have some news to report
yes I think we've got some sad news to
report here in Wilmington hurricane
Florence has turned deadly word a short
time ago that the storm is responsible
for three deaths so far here in
Wilmington a mother was killed and her
infant was killed as well when a tree
fell on their house meanwhile in Pender
County North Carolina
we're told that another person died
another woman died when first responders
could not get to her in time as she was
having some sort of issue we don't know
as much about that particular case but
we can tell you right now that three
people have died so far as a result of
Hurricane Florence our live coverage
will continue from here in Wilmington
North Carolina
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
