Haley it's great talking to you so we
got obviously you know you and I have
grown up in the southeast we've always
heard about the new south of new south
some interesting things are happening
you got my cat SP here running that's in
a competitive race obviously Doug Jones
won and then the Georgia and Florida
races for governor our race is unlike
anything that we have seen try to put it
in perspective for us as a man who knows
more about southern politics than just
about anybody
well thank you by the way I can't see
you right now but I was looking while
ago and I do like your wardrobe you and
you and make it look very good you know
as you know Haley my dad lived we all
lived in Meridian Mississippi when
Archie Manning was quarterback so I'm I
he was my first hero along with Hank
Aaron so I figured I should wear this on
Friday before I go crimson red on
Saturday well he was a he was a he was
in school with me classmate of my whites
and while he was out on the field I was
up in the stands drinking bourbon like
most good old myths people politics in
the country has changed the Democratic
Party has moved very much to the left
the Republican Party hasn't moved so
much on policy but has become much more
purist if you will and and you're seeing
that developing in in the south Doug
Jones got to run against the only person
in Alabama he could have beat and and
and did in a very very close race when
the Republican candidate was somebody
that had some very very serious
accusations against him that many people
believe were accurate weren't going to
vote for him they didn't vote for Doug
Jones who voted against
more we'll see what happens in
Mississippi I saw you had Mike SP owned
he's from my hometown our families have
been friends for generations his
grandfather was a customer of the bank
my grandfather started but I think
Mississippi will continue to have two
Republican senators we've had two
Republican senators now for thirty
consecutive years and I think we'll
continue to do that over in Georgia and
Florida you got two very close
governor's races where the Democrats
have nominated african-american
candidates or when it will be getting a
lot a lot of outside support the
Democratic candidate in Georgia has had
announced or actually given more than 35
million dollars from very liberal donors
around the country I just saw where
Gilliam the the candidate in Florida
also is getting huge amounts of money
from liberal groups those are going to
be competitive races and it's consistent
with the Democratic Party's move to the
left nationally governor Jon Meacham
wondering what extent do you think this
how are you sir
wondering to what extent you think this
is a cultural shift and what role
economics plays in that because in my
home state we have our biggest
investments are Nissan and Volkswagen in
South Carolina of see BMW sure their
Mississippi examples it seems to me as
though we're in a the South is in a
global economy even though when it is
tracking toward Trump it tends to be
saying well actually we want to be more
protectionist at least rhetorically can
you unpack that for us well John I think
we're like Tennessee in the sense that
we've got Toyota about 50 miles from
where you are their newest US plant is
their Nissan Airbus we've got other big
erican injuries like Huntington Ingalls
is the largest private employer in our
state they build ships from the Navy and
the Coast Guard our agriculture is also
part of the global economy we export
most of our agricultural products you
know we were once the place where cotton
was king today of soybeans and corn in
and timber for that matter though that's
not exported as much so yeah we're part
of the global economy I do think a lot
of people in Mississippi particular
farmers understand that the Trump
administration's main focus is to try to
make the Chinese stop cheating the
Chinese have been in the dut World Trade
Organization since 2001 more or less and
they've cheated ever since and we've had
two administrations one Republican one
Democrat that's never tried really to do
anything about it and Trump is trying to
do something about it and it's never
going to be easier John because their
economy and China is growing and growing
and growing and for some of those years
it was very much approaching capitalism
under doubt done chopping and and
Johnson men today the Communist Party is
it's powerful almost as it was under Mao
and it's crunching down over on American
businesses in China and Trump rightly
wants to do something about it while we
still can
governor Barbour it's willie Geist it's
good to see it which you were here at
Oxford with us in your hometown show us
around a little bit in your home state
anyway I want to ask you about the race
you mentioned Mike s be a longtime
family friend of yours but the
Republicans in the in the race Cindy
hyde-smith and Senator Chris McDaniel
will be joining us shortly here on our
set are vowing for the support of Donald
Trump
Cindy hyde-smith has won the president's
endorsement the president was scheduled
actually to do an event for her down
here before the hurricane struck and he
decided to stay home what should they be
saying about Donald Trump in the state
where he is very popular
well let me just say I'm from Cindy
hyde-smith and so is President Trump as
you as you said he was coming to
Mississippi actually today to campaign
for her and and I'm sure that or believe
that will be rescheduled
and I think that is a plus for him Trump
is popular in Mississippi he carried
Mississippi by pretty good margin and I
think most Mississippians approve of its
policies that certainly prove the tax
bill and more importantly they approve
of the results of the tax bill where our
economy is now growing twice as fast as
it was during the Obama administration
and for a lot of the heartland including
a lot of Mississippi in the Obama quote
recovery on Main streets you couldn't
tell the difference between the recovery
of the recession because when the
national economy is going to point one
percent the economies of a lot of parts
of the heartland between the bicoastal
the two bicoastal granola Belt areas
they weren't going to you know for the
for the navigate economies going for
point two nationally you're seeing
growth out in the heartland and so
that's why Mississippians for the most
part support Trump's policies because he
says some things that that people don't
like to hear or don't agree with and and
and I'm a free trader myself though I do
recognize the correctness of his view
that if we're going to ever make China
stop cheating and abide by the rules
that they agreed to then it's never
going to be easier than today so I think
most Mississippians are like me in that
regard all right Haley Barbour thank you
so much it's always great talking to you
we really appreciate you being with us
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
