now it's time for the last word with
Lawrence O'Donnell good evening Rachel
we're gonna continue the hurricane
coverage but also fit in the dramatic
news about Paul Manafort possibly
reaching a plea bargain deal which we
may or may not discover is tomorrow's
news and then that kind of stunning hard
to describe news about Brett Kavanaugh
and about his nomination and Rachel I
can tell you that I actually was
informed about this letter on Friday and
so I have been aware of it since then I
have also been aware of the constraints
on it that indicated it might not become
public because the author of the letter
did not want to be identified and did
not want to come forward and so as of
Friday
both the congresswoman and senator
Feinstein had a situation in which the
person who'd given them information was
someone who did not want to be publicly
identified that which put her in the
identical posture of where Anita Hill
began with the Senate Judiciary
Committee she believed she had
information a Nita Hill did about
Clarence Thomas that the committee might
want to know but she did not want to
come forward publicly that presented a
challenge for the committee because they
were faced with the question of as Joe
Biden described it at the time could we
take secret information in effect about
a nominee and not and and would the
nominee never get a chance to confront
the accuser in effect by cross
testifying as they ultimately ended up
doing it the committee has this
challenge again tonight that question of
what do we do with someone who has
something that is negative information
about a nominee but that person doesn't
want to be it doesn't want to come
forward publicly Lawrence you said that
you knew about this letter as of Friday
afternoon and did you know do you know
about the content of the letter I know
one delegate I know more about the
content than has been publicly revealed
but it was it was in it it's all been in
this kind of box I would say that I
don't have that much more the
indication that I have on it is that it
occurred when both Brett Kavanaugh and
the complainants were miners that's
consistent with some of the reporting
that's out there tonight saying that
they were in high school or it occurred
when he was in high school but they're
there I do have an indication that there
was specifics in in this letter I think
there's a you'll notice in tonight's
reporting is a little bit of a conflict
going on in the in the public reporting
about how specific was this letter and
so and also that the people who were
staring at this letter some of the
important people staring at this letter
found it to be credible they found it to
be something that they simply had to
deal with and so I can completely
understand the legal kind of box that
Dianne Feinstein found herself in with
someone who does not want to come
forward but she's staring at a letter
that involves a possible violation of
law and and what does she do with that
and so this is where we are the FBI has
it now
now what's described in that letter does
not fall within the Criminal
Investigative jurisdiction of the FBI
it's not a federal crime it would be
state law involved but but their
relevance to this obviously is in the
background checking arena which is where
they are and and where they are with it
right now and the question of whether
the FBI might take this might treat this
seriously enough depending on what the
allegation is that they would go to
local state law enforcement authorities
to try to pursue this that of course
would depend on the seriousness the
allegation how credible the FBI found it
was and of course statute of limitations
depending on what the alleged behavior
was and then that of course would become
a matter for local or state law
enforcement wherever the alleged
infraction happened or wherever
jurisdiction would go and then there's
this factor in terms of Dianne Feinstein
this dilemma that you're describing I
mean some of what's been reported
tonight is that in the new york times is
that it was other Democratic senators
who told senator Feinstein if this
letter contains what you say it does
this is a matter for the FBI when the
other senator she would have been
talking with other Democratic senators
on the Judiciary Committee include a lot
of former prosecutors so if that was
their advice to her I mean it's it this
is this is a this is a mess and the idea
that the nomination the vote is we're
just gonna go through while all this
remains unsettled it's very hard to
imagine well this is one thing that the
delay is about and and that's why as
we've talked about it before every day
of delay in this particular instance
matters because the shape of this story
could be dramatically different tomorrow
I mean there was you know there was a
day in her life when Anita Hill firmly
believed that what she had to say about
Clarence Thomas was never going to
become public and the next day it was
and so and she didn't know when that was
going to happen and so sometimes these
things that the dynamics of this kind of
story can change and it is now in effect
in terms of what could be the next
public stage all up to the potential
accuser here as to whether or not or not
she wants to engage in this publicly now
the FBI absolutely has a mandate to try
to speak to this complainants they
absolutely and it isn't necessarily as a
matter of a criminal investigation but
they are still on the background
investigation of a Supreme Court nominee
they have information that they need to
know I am sure that the FBI will make an
effort to contact and speak to this
person but this person is under no
obligation to speak to the FBI yeah
Frankfort Litzy was just saying they're
just on our air that when he was part of
doing background investigations into
potential nominees that was the sort of
thing that would have to happen and in
case derogatory information came up you
have to talk to the complainant you have
to see if that person has you know as
exists in FBI files for some other
reason you have to assess the
seriousness of it and now this letter
having been held by Ana su and by
senator Feinstein and gone through this
kind of very difficult process that
you're describing we now know that that
letter has gone to the FBI it's gone
from the FBI to the White House we also
know it's gone to Senator Grassley and
presumably to his staff on the
Republican side of the Judiciary
Committee so this is now this is now
moving
and if the FBI needs to speak with the
complainant - this is a process that's
gonna kind of plod and forward in some
way or another I'd Rachel I have to tell
you that when I came upon this
information on Friday and stared at it
and discussed it and talked it through
with the source telling me about it I I
had the expectation at that point that
this would not become public that this
was a box that no one was going to be
able to penetrate because of the
complainants desire to remain not known
publicly and to not be revealed publicly
and that was the lock that was holding
this information and so the fact that
the senator and congresswoman issue
issued statements about it today and
took this step senator Feinstein took
the step to the FBI was what it is where
we are now and we do not know where
we're going to be tomorrow no this is I
mean we we overuse the word
unprecedented but for Supreme Court
nominations even with the Clarence
Thomas background this is absolutely
unprecedented our cabal thanks my
friends thank you right Clarence
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
