do you believe you'd be treated better
if you were state and you had an
electoral vote that maybe the president
might want to win in an election no
doubt and here's and this is the root
cause of the problem Chuck I mean I am
I'm very grateful that people have shown
interest in Puerto Rico I I really hope
that this interest spans just the
recovery we have to be mindful that
Puerto Ricans have been treated as
second-class citizens for over a hundred
years
Puerto Ricans are part of a colonial
territory this needs to end right now
Chuck so my challenge to all of the
leaders that are running in the midterm
elections to all presidents and aspiring
presidents is you need to have a clear
position here how can we as Americans
say that the United States is a standard
bear for democracy how can we go to Cuba
and Venezuela and preach that democracy
when we're not following suit in in our
own backyard
Puerto Ricans have chosen statehood
twice in the past six years it is the
right time the the American people in
the world has seen what a second-class
citizenship is and what the treatment
for that second-class citizenship is now
it's time to take action so I challenge
everybody it has taken a position on
Puerto Rico to not only do it as a
political good ball but if you really
want to do what's right
take a position on ending colonialism
it's time to put up or to shut up hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
