tami Lightner is in Myrtle Beach where
there is a mandatory evacuation order
and the storm surges there could be as
high as 13 feet Tammy what's the biggest
concern there right now and good morning
stuff the biggest concern here is
getting residents out only 60% of the
people in this county have evacuated
that means 40% of the people have chosen
to stay and for those people time is
running out I can tell you the owner of
this store Robert Mills he told me he
wants to evacuate but he has no choice
he is on a mission a mission to save
these adorable animals here now Robert
what are you doing here today
well we'll condensing everybody down
getting them to smaller cages for
traveling making sure we got plenty of
bedding for changing plenty of food and
everything they're gonna need while
we're going through this all you know
but where are you moving the animals to
they're all going in my house but in
last few days we've been blowing up
getting two generators rolling we've got
plenty of food and water there so that's
we're going to bunker down you've
already moved a hundred and fifty four
animals to your home and you're moving
how many more is about sixty here
between everything I think that's left
you really care about these animals yeah
we couldn't leave them what am I gonna
do I can't leave them and just hope for
the best that's you know that's we don't
do that to our animals you know so
you're going to have roughly 200 animals
at your house plus your four dogs your
three children your wife and your mother
correct that my brother Wow Wow thank
you Robert so stuff this area is still
under mandatory evacuation a curfew for
all the coastal towns and they're
telling people you know they still need
to get out even though this is only a
category two people need to take this
hurricane still very seriously stuff
indeed they do thanks Tammy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
