the president he took to Twitter
tweeting quote 3,000 people did not die
in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto
Rico when I left the island after the
storm had hit they hit anywhere from 6
to 18 deaths as time went by it did not
go up by much then a long time later
they started to report really large
numbers like 3,000 the president then
blamed Democrats who he said wanted to
quote make me look bad as possible when
I was successfully raising billions of
dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico if a
person died for any reason like old age
just add him on to that list bad
politics I love Puerto Rico we should
explain that that number came out after
researchers not politicians researchers
looked at the Puerto Rican population
before and after the storm using
historical models they accounted for
people that died of natural causes and
for people that fled the island that
left them with an estimated two thousand
nine hundred and seventy five deaths
that researchers now believe could have
been linked to the storm by the way the
report as I mentioned was not the work
of Democrats it was conducted by people
from George Washington University along
with researchers at the Puerto Rico
Graduate School of Public Health Robert
Costa is a national political reporter
for the Washington Post and moderator of
Washington week on PBS Bob this blows my
mind I was in Puerto Rico less than six
months ago what first of all when the
president says he's been raising
billions of dollars to rebuild Puerto
Rico to me and the work I've done that's
an outright lie do you know of any
evidence of President Trump raising
billions of dollars to rebuild Puerto
Rico there's no evidence of what
whatever he's saying on Twitter and I've
been asking people inside and outside of
the White House on Capitol Hill what is
this all about this Twitter storm this
morning and they say what's new that's
what they've been texting back and their
point is he's isolated there's the US
government and the buck stops with
President Trump no doubt about that
whether there is the US government right
now they tell me trying to handle this
storm and then there's a President of
the United States watching cable news
responding to it on Twitter and taking
positions that the government frankly
isn't taking anywhere else okay so
presidents aides just hiding under the
covers this morning I mean it's pure
ignorance to say the day after the storm
when I was there only six to 18 people
died not factoring in the region's
without power for weeks if not months
once you don't have water you have
people drinking water from contaminated
streams the president could tip his hat
saying well FEMA was handing out
thousands of meals a day when they
needed millions there is there are no
facts supporting what the president is
saying so who is watching him here and
saying right on brother
no one there's a resignation inside of
this West Wing in inside of the top
echelon to the Republican Party that no
one can actually push president Trump
toward the reality of what's happening
on the ground and that he only sees
things through the prism of himself how
does it affect his poll numbers how does
it affect his reputation and because of
that advisers have mostly given up and
trying to pull him back from these kind
of outbursts well president's base might
say who cares about Puerto Rico that
Island they're our neighbor I mean I
think of Rick Santorum yesterday calling
Puerto Rico a country when it's
laughable and humiliating for Rick
Santorum to even say it's a country
would we all know it's a US territory
but from up from a from a popularity
perspective besides his core base who's
saying well it doesn't help me or my
neighbors who on earth here's President
Trump say that and gets behind him we
know what happened even if you think
about the thousands of people who fled
Puerto Rico and moved to places like
Florida Texas in New York they might not
have been able to vote for the president
from Puerto Rico but they certainly can
when they live here they're Americans
they're also human beings and there is a
political cost here if you think about
the midterm elections just two months
away a government is evaluated an
administration is evaluated not just how
it handles a storm but how it handles
the message of during the storm is the
president showing empathy is he showing
assertiveness and handling the situation
you have a suburban voters across the
country watching this very closely the
storm may not be hitting their home but
they're watching the President of the
United States in his his approach his
leadership is going to be under scrutiny
you can put
of urban voters aside what about Puerto
Rican voters what about the Hispanic
vote who maybe didn't turn out to vote
last time who's going for somebody sorry
kids now live in Florida
Kiki swing state but the thing about
Puerto Rico too many people constantly
make the mistake that Puerto Rico is
somehow an island off off there and it's
not part of United State it is part of
the United States it is these are
Americans but beyond that these are
people and and the way they're kind of
talked about is units or is things that
are separate is just a very odd and
disturbing Frank to be honest they're
not your neighbor down the lane they're
our family and they're our
responsibility extraordinary I cannot
fathom why the president would say that
this morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
