well speaking at Atlanta yesterday
former President Jimmy Carter warned
Democrats not to veer too far left and
lose moderates here's what he said both
rose and I voted for Bernie Sanders in
the past so so he pretty well represents
a little slide but but I think that for
the Democrats this time is to appeal to
to the independence I noticed today on a
published polled I saw tonight as a
matter of fact only 33 percent of
independents are still in favor of Chung
and 37 percent of Americans are in favor
of Trump and 57 percent think he's done
a very poor job so we have a good chance
to get those independents and I think
that we should concentrate it I have its
own there's I don't think any Democrat
is going to vote against the Democratic
nominee when after we choose him but I
think a lot of independents need to know
that they can invest their vote in the
Democratic Party in 2020 there you go I
mean what do you think first of all I
just think he's amazing I love him but
that's that's the balance I look at
these poll numbers and we see potential
blue wave which we don't know what's
gonna happen but we have to then think
of after that and who represents a more
broad swath of whether it be a district
or the entire country well you know
Peter Baker that is a that is a debate
that the Democrats have been having
inside their party now for several years
if you look at the results from 2018 and
the primaries
it looks like the progressives have won
more often than not at least in the big
ticket on the big in the big ticket
races yeah there's some real momentum
right now for the the left and the side
that party you see some of these
incumbents coming down you see you know
the energy on the more liberal activist
side than you do from the center that's
for sure you heard that in this debate
within the party is really important
because this tension is unresolved you
heard President Obama former President
Barack Obama weigh-in last week during
his speech in Illinois
and he had a message for fellow
Democrats he basically was saying don't
let perfect be the enemy of the good you
know don't be so curious that you you
can't see that we can make things better
even if we don't make things perfect on
on policy and day one and it was a
really interesting speech on his part
the same time he also said something I
hadn't heard him say before which is
that you know the Democrats need to
offer new ideas and he cited is one of
them Medicare for all remember of course
when he was in office he didn't favor
that he favored a different kind of
health care plan that still came under
attack so he in fact was reflecting that
shift inside the party toward a more
liberal point of view for instance on
health care so let me just open up a
question to the table of who is the
Democrat on the national stage that's
thinking about running in 2020 that
occupies this base that Jimmy Carter and
Bill Clinton occupied Bill Clinton in
1992 when he ran which was a fairly
moderate almost conservative moderate to
conservative viewpoint is there a
Democrat on the national stage that
occupies that space well I think the key
question is on the national stage
there's a bunch of Democrats who embody
that who would like to be in the mix so
if you take for example Steve Bullock Oh
from Montana who's done a great job as a
Democrat in a red state both getting
elected and governing you see on the
national stage John Hickenlooper the
former governor of Colorado Michael
Bennett the senator from Colorado excuse
me Garcia Eric Garcetti of LA although
people Mitch Landrieu the former mayor
of New Orleans Duval Patrick the former
government or of messages she's not
she's not quite in that category box a
governor now you know I think the future
of the Democratic Party whether it stays
in some sort of semblance of power for
years to come will be decided in the
next 24 months based specifically on who
their national candidate for president
will be and the national candidate for
president and the Democratic Party it's
fairly simple you don't have to hold a
PhD in calculus to figure it out
you've got to be able to put someone out
there for the Democrats who actually
knows how real people live it can't be a
senator I don't think unless it's a
combination of you know someone like
sherrod Brown he sort of figures that I
would like but he I understand I
understand that he's way left I get that
so you come down you go through all of
them as Steve just did and you come out
with people like Mitch Landrieu you know
he's he knows how people live and that's
what it's got it it they've got to stop
this I mean we all admire to a certain
extent Camelot Harris I do I think she's
great
i she's so out I want a a couple quick
regional stories here first of all from
Boston Globe tell us the story that
you've got sizzle this is actually what
we're talking about in a certain way at
a much lower level this is a uniquely
American story it's an American story
about what can happen in America the
greatest country ever in God's earth and
it has to do with Sofia was ear and
she's running for state representative
in New Hampshire in Concord New
Hampshire she's running against a 66
year old former city council or dick
Patten who's the incumbent okay now
Sofia was here he's 27 years old
she has two children she is an Afghan
refugee oh my gosh and she beats him Wow
she beats him so people out there if you
are unaware that something is happening
out electorally
in this country and especially with
women as candidates pay attention to
this story it can only happen here in
the United States of America larita in
the globe that's in the globe yes it'll
give you chills
so let's hook one we've talked about
Democrats future Democrats there will be
life for Republicans after Donald Trump
most likely a name we never mention here
is a guy who has extraordinarily high
approval rating in Massachusetts who
happens to be the Republic Ollie Baker
yeah what life the Republican Party like
the Republican Party what's that guy's
approve
it's about 72% better through if the
Republican Party hadn't clearly lost its
mind over a period of years Charlie
Baker could be President of the United
States he could be President of the
United States he could be the top of the
Republican ticket he's enormous ly
likeable he's enormously sensible he's a
moderate he's in middle-of-the-road he's
got some positions you disagree with
some positions you'd agree with but he
knows how people live he ran a hospital
insurance company you know for years
quite well resurrected it rebuilt it but
the Republican Party has gone crazy and
if let's just say Donald Trump didn't
run for re-election it was an open
primary Baker would get killed because
he has been critical of the president he
would never survive that right primary
on the right never I remember back on
that democratic question all they have
to do is win back those 78,000 votes
that cost him the presidency across
three states so he's not conservative
but a guy like Joe Biden oh my god the
people who live and breathe that part of
the continuum from Ohio Youngstown
Democrat people who as Mike says
understand those people and can win the
back that's the kind of person they need
and not somebody who's going to dart for
a la ticket is Joe Biden Kamla Harris
okay go ahead thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
