the agreement they should have been done
years ago until people come to their
senses we have more money than anybody
else by far we'll build it up until they
come to their senses when they do then
we'll all be smart and we'll all stop
and we'll and by the way not only stop
we'll reduce which I would love to do
but right now they have not adhered to
the agreement well to sum it up hope
everybody is in the mood for an
expensive arms race with our former Cold
War adversaries on Saturday the
president announced the US intends to
pull out of the intermediate-range
nuclear forces treaty a 1987 arms
control agreement with the Soviets
signed by Ronald Reagan Trump's comments
came as National Security Advisor John
Bolton prepares to meet with Putin
tomorrow
they're also expected to talk about
Russia's interference in the 2016
election you'll want to hear this
speaking to a Russian radio station
today Bolton downplayed the impact of
that interference he said quote the
point I made to Russian colleagues today
was that I didn't think whatever they
had done in terms of meddling in the
2016 election that they had any effect
on it but what they have had but what
they have had effect on in the United
States is to so enormous distrust of
Russia a lot to talk about there I could
almost not talk about is still with us
Greg Miller and Jeremy bash Greg's
latest book by the way relevant to this
conversation The Apprentice Trump Russia
and the subversion of American democracy
so let me start with Jeremy with a dual
question and Jeremy it seems to me the
thesis of my question is the
old-fashioned nature of stewardship and
the presidency number one what about an
arms race
what about casting aside this treaty and
number two the feds just warned us last
week of Russian attempts to meddle in
our upcoming midterms where's the
stewardship over the American people and
their safety
well first Donald Trump loves nuclear
weapons he campaigned on building up our
nuclear arsenal he actually asked
defense secretary Jim mattis to build
some 30,000 nuclear weapons even though
we only maintain 2,000 and doing so
would not only bankrupt us be stabilize
the world other than that it was a great
idea Brian I was obviously rejected by
the Joint Chiefs and by the sec death
and here he is again walking away from
arms control and trying to trigger
another arms race because I think
honestly nuclear weapons makes Donald
Trump feel tough but in fact it won't
make us safer and there were other ways
to counter Russia's use of land-based
weapons and also to counter China's
stockpiling of intermediate-range
weapons on the issue about john bolton
i'll just say very quickly that of
course what he's doing is he's giving a
green light to the russians to continue
to meddle to attack our elections i
should say they're doing so in 2018 is
the Justice Department just indicted
somebody for and this is shameful
because it undermines not only our
intelligence but our our collective
defense Greg Miller none of this makes
sense if you know anything about bolton
and his history
he's a neocon he's a veteran hawk your
book about this period and this topic
reads like a novel you know what the
next chapter is gonna be because we all
lived it and yet you can't wait to get
there because of the pace and what you
learn so what do you think is up here
well I think that Bolton this book this
is just sort of the latest example of
the sort of contortion that you have to
go through as a national security
official and that sort of core beliefs
you have to set aside to be able to be
part of this administration and to work
with this president I mean Bolton's
entire history is as a Russia hawk and
yet here he has to even though he has to
make gestures toward Russia to be able
to work with Trump he's the one who sets
up the summit in Helsinki for Trump of
course his predecessor HR McMaster had
tried to put that off and avoid and try
to prevent that from happening
and now you know Bolton has to mouth
this argument that Russia's interference
really didn't hurt Hillary Clinton or
help Donald Trump's chances which is you
know the core belief of that you have to
have to work this closely into this
White House to this president and
everything we've learned suggests that
that's just not true
for one US intelligence agency
specifically did not look at that
question because it's not part of their
mission it's not part of their job but
the data that Facebook has looked
through and the Twitter has looked
through has shown that more than a
hundred and twenty five million
Americans were exposed to Russian
propaganda denigrating Hillary Clinton
and propping up Donald Trump in 2016 and
this is in a race where that came down a
fewer than 80,000 votes the math just
becomes overwhelming
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
