they're getting a little nervous in
Michigan Michigan is going to be the
Lynchburg key state unexpectedly is
Michigan on 11 9 2016 Michigan went for
Donald Trump a 10,000 vote margin for
Donald Trump in Michigan but the
majority of people here didn't vote at
all do you regret that voting tonight
Michael Moore is back and he's got a
brand new film which takes on Trump the
governor talks to the voters and new
candidates in the states that elected
Trump oh you who you are I'll fight you
in the damn straight right now okay all
to try an answer the greatest question
of our time how did this happen
tonight and all in American special
events
this is Michael Moore in Trump country
now here's Chris Haines coming to you
from the state that was at the epicenter
of Donald Trump slim but seismic victory
in 2016
almost no one expected Michigan to vote
for Donald Trump the state hadn't picked
a Republican for president in almost 30
years since 1988 heading into election
day Cole showed Hillary Clinton with a
fairly comfortable lead but in the end
Donald Trump won here by a margin of
less than a thousand votes that's the
equivalent of just two votes per
precinct the shock of Donald Trump's
victory has repeated itself almost every
day of his presidency the nation for the
past year and a half in a perpetual
state of crisis and upheaval but way
back before the election there was at
least one person who saw all this coming
filmmaker Michael Moore a flint native
who wrote in summer 2016 about the five
reasons he thought Donald Trump would
win starting with the president's appeal
in the industrial Midwest states like
Michigan and now he's got a new film
examining just how he got here and what
the stakes are this November please join
me in welcoming Michael Moore
thank you
that's a hometown welcome yes you you
got this new movie out it's it's really
a remarkable film in a lot of ways and
we were trying to sort of pick out the
best part of the trailer but we couldn't
so we're just gonna play a big chunk of
it because I wanna I want I want some
folks to sort of get a taste so take a
listen to a Fahrenheit 11 on because we
can whip your ass
how did this happen the American dream
is dead stop resisting
the President's powers here are beyond
question
ladies and gentlemen the last President
of the United States
you think that last president United
States it's possible you really think
that I think it's possible absolutely I
think that we have someone in the White
House who has no respect for the rule of
law who dislikes democracy by an
incredible degree which doesn't make
them really any that much different from
other billionaires or CEOs because their
businesses are not democracies they rule
by Fiat they decide they make the call
so they don't like having anybody else
having a say they also like to take home
the bulk of the money with them so so
this is putting somebody like that in
charge of a democracy is a very
dangerous thing especially it's more
dangerous with him because he has a
complete lack of ideology
he doesn't think it's more dangerous
because he doesn't believe in anything
absolutely people say to me well if we
impeach Trump we'll have pens I go great
at least he believes in something and
I'm not afraid of having the debate with
tense over whether or not Adam and Eve
wrote on dinosaurs 6,000 years ago you
know or in the record I don't think Mike
Pence believes that well what he
believed he believes that the Bible is
the word and that is the way in the
worth the earth is about 6,000 years old
he also believes that if you're gay you
can be converted into being straight I
can have that debate with him too I
believe the American public will agree
with me in that debate and we have a
better chance of beating back this
insanity with him than with who's
currently the White House because
Trump's only belief system his only
ideology is Donald J Trump that's what
he believes in
me myself and I that's a dangerous
person to have in charge of a country
you know I always had this conversation
with people about women you know where
we're at what's new what's different
that's like the big question the Trump
era and I was thinking about that
because the name of this film references
a previous film which I remember going
to see when I was 25 years old in 2004
Fahrenheit 9/11 and that the reference
of Fahrenheit 9/11 which is about the
Bush administration in the Iraq war and
post 9/11 was a reference to a dystopic
novel about a totalitarian future right
so what I mean what's different now you
thought the Bush administration was
ushering in the end of democracy maybe
right or have these sort of
authoritarian leanings like is it worse
now
is there something novel and distinct
about him compared back to those years
in the Bush years
yep yes again Bush believed in something
I didn't agree with him but he actually
had a belief system that's not what's
going on now and what's the difference
between 2004 and right now is that well
Fahrenheit 9/11 was a movie basically
about the Iraq war and and how we got
into it with someone who was not elected
by the people of the United States of
America we are now in a situation where
we have someone in the White House who
once again was not elected by the
American people but I don't mean the
loss of popular vote by three million
well that's the only way you can mean
it's not tennis sense you know quick
quick democracy lesson the person who
gets the most votes wins right yeah
that's it right and that's not the
system that we have because we have not
taken out of the Constitution one of the
last vestiges of the slave era the
electoral college which was created to
appease the slave states we haven't done
that the Democrats have not led the
fight since Gore won to get that out of
the Constitution or to support a
national popular vote referendum in
enough States so that we whoever gets
the popular vote would win there's some
kind it's interesting to think about
that continuity right 2000 the the the
shock of Bush v Gore in the fact that
the person who didn't get the most votes
still got to be President it happens
again right six out of the last seven
elections Democrats have won a majority
that's right the Republicans have only
won the popular vote once since daddy
Bush was elected in 1988 that's thirty
years that the American people other
than one time have said we don't want
the Republicans in charge we want the
Democrats in charge and yet the
Democrats hold no power not the White
House not the Senate not the Congress
not the Supreme Court our state capitals
50 state capitals the Democrats control
fully control eight of them so how can
this be and this is this is what's so
insane
if we call this a democracy the majority
of the people
want the Democrats and yet they can't
they can't find their way into the White
House even when they win but there's two
aspects of that I mean you talk about
this in the film one of them is who
shows up to both on Election Day right
so take aside the popular vote you think
about state elections think about Rick
Snyder here in this in this state here
in Michigan where we are in midterm
elections there's been very low turnout
in the 2016 election you've got this
crazy statistic in the film there were
80 7810 Michiganders right in 2016 right
who went through the trouble of going to
the polls stood in line for an hour to a
stunt line went to the polls when
election went in the voting booth and
didn't mark president right they voted
for every other office on the ballot all
the way down to the two lowest offices
we have in in our counties in Michigan
our Register of Deeds and Drain
Commission all right these people voted
for drain commissioner and left the top
box blank for president m and you look
at the ballots it's mostly they were
voting for Democrats so these are people
who generally would lean liberal lean to
the left and they went in there and
that's the way they wanted to make their
statement that they were not going to
vote for the person that they didn't
think was going to represent them and as
you said nearly 90,000 Michiganders did
that and that's amazing status in this
city I mean this is the site of one of
the perhaps the worst failures of
governance in America in recent memory
I mean Puerto Rico is up there right now
yes this city as you record in the film
is a place where you can't blame people
for feeling jaded and cynical and pretty
pissed off yeah about their government
right look let me put in a different way
this where you're sitting right now
Chris you're sitting in the city that
created the middle class before the
great sit-down strike of 1936-37 in
Flint Michigan there was no middle class
there was the rich and then everybody
else worked seven days a week including
their 12 and 14 year old children that's
what it was until this town said no more
and the workers took over the factories
for
forty-four days in the middle of winter
geom shut off the heat they shut off the
water they they brought in all these
they got the National Guard to come in
there were machine guns lining these
Street right outside this building here
and the people of flat would not give up
they would not relent at the end of 44
days they got the first major contract
ever for an industrial a corporation had
to recognize a union and because of that
because we got the Union in this town it
was like dominoes all over the country
everybody else started striking
everybody else got unions and by the
time of the next generation that the
children of these men and women they had
full and free health care no deductibles
no co-pays full and free dental care
they had they had two free eye classes
and vision right if you if you were a
member of the UAW you got a free lawyer
if you ever needed a lawyer you got a
free lawyer from the Union I mean they
got to send their kids to college
everybody got to buy a house if they
wanted to they had a couple cars they
had a cottage up north oh and with all
without with maybe not even a high
school education
they created the middle class of this
country right here in this town so
that's where we're sitting okay what
happened here was not the fault of the
governance of the people here in the
city these were elected mayors and
elected city councils in Flint Detroit
Pontiac Benton Harbor few others
majority black cities and the governor
this governor Snyder came in and said as
a person who doesn't like democracy is
about as much as Trump doesn't like it
said I'm taking over declared an
emergency and all of a sudden the mayors
and the City Council's were gone and he
installs his own cronies who don't have
to answer to the people whose City this
is the Democratic crisis that happens
here and the results people poison we're
going to talk about in just a bit
I think you argue convincingly in the
film is is a future that that America
faces if things don't change I want you
to stick around and I want to bring into
the conversation some people that that
political journalists never talk to ever
everyone's obsessed with Trump lers
we're gonna talk to some non voters yeah
I think it's like the first time ever on
TV yes
sticker
much more to come from Flint Michigan
including a look at the city's water
crisis we're doing approximately folks
that were decisive in the president's
victory here not the base top swing
voters non voters don't go anywhere
we're coming right back
had we had an inspiring candidate in
2010 I daresay we would have Rick Snyder
so if we can if we can make sure that we
have Canada to actually speak to people
we won't have to worry about a puppet
isn't it but but inspiring doesn't the
difference is whether people get
poisoned or not like who cares if
they're inspiring like like yes yeah no
I'm serious
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
