bad news recently for extreme right-wing
conspiracy theorists and bath salts
spokesmodel Alex Jones because it looks
like his website info war has just lost
their war on info Alex Jones is in
trouble and right now we have a special
report on why that matters and while it
may seem like people are getting away
with a lot of wrongs these days there
are some signs tonight this systems
actually working to hold him accountable
for his lies his frauds and his alleged
defamation now Jones is a media figure
known for conspiracy theories political
theatrics and his controversial website
it's called Infowars but he is not a
journalist which is important because he
impersonates one and tries to exploit
the framework and the access of the Free
Press for his theatrics and his lies so
Jones will for example ambush a press
availability for reporters as he did
last week on the hill with Senator Marco
Rubio in order to hijack it and try to
stoke a confrontation don't touch me
again man I'm asking you not to touch me
I'll just patted you nice I know but I
don't want to be fed on know who you are
it's not just gonna get arrested man oh
he'll beat me up you are like you are
literally a little gangster thug you can
see the obvious projection in trolling
there Jones trying to start a fight and
then accusing the senator of being a
thug now we are not airing that clip
tonight the way Jones would want to
stoke his own personal imagined fight
with senator Rubio we're airing it to do
some wider reporting and show why Jones
is a fraud and tonight to draw a clear
line about how to try to deal with him
now Jones show does not simply offer
extreme political views which of course
anyone has a right to hold it pedals
repeated lies and what clearly looks
like defamation about everyone from gay
Americans to Hillary Clinton you think I
go shocked by it some of they're bashing
it because I don't like gay people I
don't like them putting chemicals in the
water to turn the friggin frogs gay
as crap with hillary there's not even
the same universe I mean she is an
abject psychopathic demon from hell I
mean I was told people around her that
they think she's demon-possessed okay
I'm just gonna go ahead and say it now
Alex Jones matters politically because
that kind of rhetoric has actually maybe
surprisingly to some people found a big
home he's not a random voice with no
access to power his website drawing over
a million visits just last month his
show one stopped two million subscribers
on YouTube more on how that's changing
in a moment and his media empire is
earning millions of dollars in giving
him a direct audience with yes
president Trump Jones even claims Trump
personally called him after the election
to thank him for his help and Trump's
White House took the unprecedented step
of giving press credentials to Jones
outlet Infowars as recently as last year
a Washington Post columnist called that
move disgusting now as a candidate Trump
went directly to Alex Jones to appeal to
him and his audience
praising Jones amazing reputation
Associated Press and others are
reporting that it's a secret deal with
Turkey with the Germans with Merkel's of
the admitted socialists to bring in
millions of radical Islamists estate you
said months ago bomb the oil of Isis in
the mainstream media laugh and you're in
trouble for saying the sky is blue well
I was right about that I was right in
saying in a book that I wrote you
covered it really nicely I appreciate it
I just want to finish by saying your
reputation is amazing I will not let you
down you will be very very impressed I
hope and I think we'll be speaking a lot
a year into office you'll be saying wow
so Alex Jones matters because of that
political influence and the support from
the Trump White House and his operation
poses a challenge for institutions that
typically welcome more voices to the
table like the press or the tech
community we're reporting on this
tonight because there is progress in the
effort to hold Jones accountable for his
lies and in basically trying to deal
with his defamation it's important to
get this right in the media in our
society because it can prevent few
abuse now right now Jones is under
public legal and business pressure that
could constrain his empire and his
influence as the New York Times is
reporting this week there is of course a
right to speech in America but there is
no right to defame or defraud and
several of the grieving families in
Sandy Hook have been leading the way
arguing enough is enough they are suing
Jones for his alleged defamation and his
role in provoking public threats against
them they're asking courts to make him
stop and punish him for claims that he's
made that we are not going to dignify by
repeating tonight what we will repeat is
Veronica de la Rosa she lost her son six
year old Noah Pozner
who was killed in that shooting and
she's publicly calling for Jones
reckoning if there's a choice that's
made over a relentless period of years
to peddle falsehoods and to profit from
them then there has to be a day of
reckoning a court is giving the green
light for that reckoning that suit will
go forward and tech companies meanwhile
cracking down on Jones determining he's
more of a liar at an alleged Defamer
than a legitimate publisher so Twitter
just issued a permanent ban Apple
cutting his show from its lucrative App
Store and Google cutting him from
YouTube and Facebook also issuing a ban
the New York Times estimates Jones could
lose millions from those bans and Jones
is replied by asking Trump for help
mr. president America knows you're real
if you come out before the midterms and
make the censorship the big issue and
them trying to steal the election trying
to stop you and every American from
having their speech by defaming me lying
about what I've done
Soros financing fake lawsuits to give it
legitimacy and now deep platforming me
the part about deep platforming is true
and while Trump isn't citing Jones right
now he recently launched a big attack on
tech for yes how they treat conservative
voices that's a theme Don jr. just hit
on in a new interview you have Google
that controls ninety one and changed
percent of those searches if they're
only filtering content from one side and
they're not doing it on the other or
they're sort of pretending to do it on
the other and it's happening time and
time again and there's only one side
complaining about it happening experts
have not detected that kind of
deliberate bias in Google searches but
this crackdown is already hurting Jones
revenue he uses the Internet to sell
items ranging from conspiracy bumper
stickers to questionable health
supplements which he then touts in his
program this photo was taken a few days
ago and it wasn't just in my weight loss
accelerated my muscle mass increased my
stamina my energy levels exploded super
males as the key concentrated natural
compound that is a special key to Jones
Empire it generates over five million in
revenue over just one year back in 2014
if the public legal and financial
crackdown on Jones works what's
happening right now we'll all be able to
see in public if he sticks to his claim
politics or loses that appetite when
it's harder to sell his supplements now
there's nothing new of course about
liars and fakers trying to hustle the
American public trying to hustle all of
us while accusing everyone else of fake
news but we are dealing with some
troubling new dynamics here there's the
internet which can amplify those lies
and there's an administration in power
that's eager to support them which makes
it even more vital for all of us to
confront this and set standards now if
you watch this program regularly you may
know we try to take our journalistic
obligation seriously which includes
reporting and hearing from all sides in
the stories we cover
which is especially important to hear
from sides that may be very widely
opposed but that doesn't mean including
liars who are trying to habitually
exploit the system to defame innocent
people or torment grieving parents or
fraudulently posed as a kind of a
journalistic Trojan horse
- then come destroy reporting and facts
and dignity from the inside now the
Constitution puts the First Amendment
first because free speech is so
important it means we should always look
twice before we have the government or
courts punish speech and I think that
same spirit means that publishers and
business tech platforms should also look
twice before they just kick unpopular
people out but there are cases where you
can look twice you can look closer and
the closer you look the stronger the
case is this is one of those cases and
if it succeeds the public square' will
be better off for it hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
