plea deal negotiations with Bob Muller
for Paul Manafort have stalled and that
is because we are told Paul Manafort
won't agree to a deal that would include
cooperation this is breaking tonight and
it's days ahead of when man affords next
trial is supposed to begin now a key
part of this reporting you may remember
Bloomberg had pieces of this but the new
parts come tonight from ABC News which
is reporting that Muller wants to lock
man affort into cooperation for
information pertaining to yes Donald
Trump in the 2016 election but Manta for
is quote resisting now this is key when
you think about the logic here and how
we've been following all this of course
for months because Bob Miller probably
isn't just guessing that there's some
information that he wants from this very
high profile and now convicted defendant
there is a signal here that the Moller
team has some evidence foundation or
reason to believe that manna fort does
possess some kind of incriminating
information in his mind or somewhere
about what happened in 2016 and mana for
talking about a plea suggest that he
could be signaling something else
he's already convicted he is signaling a
plea without cooperation what does he
want well maybe a pardon and remember
this second trial for Manta fort is not
about the personal banking or the taxes
it's much more about Russia his team
trying to make this deal but the deal
with no cooperation related to Trump may
not be good enough and we're also
learning about a key moment that
involved Paul mana Ford of course who
was the top official at the Trump Tower
Russia meeting BuzzFeed today reporting
on a barrage of suspicious money
transfers that occurred 11 days after
that meeting there was an offshore
company controlled by the infamous
Russian billionaire Ross a gala of
wiring 20 million to his bank account in
New York and the very same day this was
just 11 days after the secret meeting
man of fort was taking over his Trump
campaign manager now those questions are
swirling as there is other breaking news
late today from the national security
prosecutors at the Department of Justice
yes breaking news right now late in the
day that there is a major Russian hacker
who's been claiming links to the Kremlin
even known as the kingpin of computers
spam tonight pleading guilty to
conspiracy wire fraud and other federal
charges now how did this happen and why
haven't you heard about it well if you
go back a ways Spanish authorities
actually NAB this hacker all the way
back in April and then sent him to the
u.s. to face these charges and the
Justice Department of course has faced
questions before why indict any of these
Russian hackers if they're hard to get
or there's no extradition treaty with
Putin's Russia well here is tonight this
breaking news an example why although
it's a case we should note that separate
from Muller now rod Rosen Stein hit on
this when he announced the very famous
indictment of those 12 Russian
intelligence officers earlier this year
we need to work together to hold the
perpetrators accountable and we need to
keep moving forward to preserve our
values protect against future
interference and defend America I'm
joined now by former federal prosecutor
a leone attorney and a democratic
strategist Michael Starr Hopkins has
worked on presidential campaigns for
Obama and Clinton and former counsel of
the mayor of New York City Maya Wiley
who's also worked in the Southern
District and is of course an MSNBC
analysts Elli I go to you on something
that people may just be digesting here
is a high profile Russian hacker who was
nabbed in Europe brought to the US and
the DOJ got him to plead guilty tonight
walk us through how this works and what
it says about whether those other
indicted Russians might be sleeping a
little worse tonight Brad Rosen seen
send it send it exactly right the fact
that someone may be hiding out in a
country where we do not have an
extradition treaty such as Russia does
not mean we just give up and let it
slide it's still important that DOJ
pursue these individuals first because
you need to have a record of what was
done of what happened
second of all you never know when
someone's gonna make a mistake and
travel to a country like Spain where we
do have the ability to arrest that
person and have them extradited through
the EM lat process so it's important
that these indictments get put in place
the 13 Russians who use social media
that that Muller indicted back in
February the 12 Russian hackers that
were indicted this
summer those are not purely academic
those are important indictments that
could yield fruit someday and Maya
although we take a lot with a grain of
salt in these cases and this espionage
this hackers wife did publicly boast
that she thought he helped Trump win
well this is the point is we are seeing
a pattern of indictments in terms of how
Russian government may be utilizing
criminal enterprises that know how to
hack and that's what the consistency is
between what we know those other
indictments are in this one so we don't
know what it will turn up it is possible
that there's some connections that will
be made that we don't know about but the
important thing I think is Elly said is
this is the way it's done it has
happened we know in 2016 we know that
it's a risk in the midterm elections as
well and we have to do a lot more to
protect against this kind of hacking and
then of course I want your view on molar
and mana for what does it tell you that
molars team according to ABC News which
picks up on other reporting is looking
for information on 2016 it tells me that
Donald Trump's witch hunt is Bob
Muller's treasure trove that's the way I
see it because really what's happening
here is we knew from the from Virginia
from the Virginia case against man
afford that
Robert Muller was making a connection
between mana fort and and Russian
interference in the 2016 election that
was very explicit and clear mana forts
team tried to make a big issue of the
fact that they had no quote-unquote
evidence of intercepted communications
and what we see here is if they are
asking for a cooperation agreement for
mana Ford in terms of information about
Donald Trump it's because there's
information they believe he has about
Donald Trump so you could say witch hunt
all you want but there is no reason to
ask for cooperation agreement where
there is no cooperation that would be
beneficial to the prosecution and look
just look at the timeline here he gets
hired by the campaign in March two weeks
later he's emailing
: Nick who is known to be Russian
military former Russian military
intelligence is also indicted and hiding
in Russia was his new who's his
co-defendant is my next child in the
next trial about whether he has shared
those emails with Russia and he uses the
initials of Oleg Deripaska who is
literally he is embedded - for millions
of dollars we know that he volunteered
to join the campaign when he was dead
broke
trying to live like a Kardashian well to
be fair he wasn't broke he was deeply in
debt okay deep broke broke would be much
richer than what he was okay fair point
so the point is that by April he's
actually looking to trade his position
in the Trump administration through
emails with the former Russian and
military intelligence person with a
Putin oligarch
who by the way was sanctioned for his
involvement in the 2016 campaign there
are too many facts of connection here
just by what we know publicly not to
believe that Paul Manafort does know
some right and you're making the key
point from a prosecutor perspective my
that's the floor not the ceiling that's
the floor what's known molar has more
than that and Michael is using that to
push for cooperation speak to the points
that Maya raises the the desperation
that vana Ford had in this situation
which is why he may have been trying to
make these money moves if you will and
whether you think this is a final public
bid for some kind of pardon messaging
you know Palmiter for right now he's
trying to save his life he's looking at
ten years on the original Virginia
charge and if you add in a District of
Columbia charge you know that's pretty
much a wrap for Paul manta for it so
he's got two options either he's gonna
cooperate with mana for with Muller
rather and tell him what he knows or
he's awaiting a pardon which i think is
the scarier prospect here because if he
doesn't participate and he just enters a
guilty plea then the president can
potentially pardon him and just as
someone who was on the ground during the
Hillary Clinton campaign I think that
one of the things we should also be
looking at is the way that they were
able to micro-target the Trump campaign
was able to micro target voters what we
saw was they didn't have infrastructure
on the ground but they were able to know
based on people's houses people's
addresses which person was vulnerable to
be a trump voter in ways that I have
never seen before and that is really the
scary thing we start to look at these
hackers and how they were able to
manipulate the election and whether they
had helped and you and you're saying now
that night were reporting on the DOJ
making its grinding progress forward on
another Russian hacker I want the panel
to stay and we're gonna bring in a
reporter who broke this other's story
these suspicious money transfers that
came right after the Trump Tower meeting
now you can look at the people who went
to that meeting you've probably seen the
list before tonight BuzzFeed reporting
that centers around one of them Ike
have a lot say and you may have never
heard of it but he's always been on on
that chart there on the on the meeting
list because he's reportedly at the
center of very shady financial business
now I mentioned earlier this 20 million
dollars that one Oleg Ark had
transferred to accounts in the US after
the meeting so the BuzzFeed report says
there's even more suspicious money
transfers that then came in after Trump
won the election that Oleg are that
billionaire I should say a gala of
sending 165 K from their bank account in
Russia to New Jersey which had an
account controlled by Herman a gallery
of the russian pop star and a couple of
his buddies and the next day they sent
107 thousand dollars to a company run by
another person that was also in the
meeting this guy we're telling you about
red flags popping up all over why did
these people working with a construction
empire get all this money moving around
in what many people say was suspicious
that's what it's called according to the
feds and bankers tasked with
investigating this found one more thing
that I Qabalah say previously was
investigated for yes money laundering in
fact the GAO reporting he created over
two thousand different corporations
which were suspected of money laundering
for Russian real estate moguls and I
want to be clear about what we don't
know none of this connects directly back
publicly to Donald Trump but it does
suggest a lot of questions that the
authorities are looking at and so I keep
our prosecutors in our panel but I bring
in Jason Leopold who worked on this
story for BuzzFeed what's the bottom
line the bottom line right now is that
obviously investigators and
congressional committees are trying to
figure out whether any of this money
that pass
through a number of different countries
into the US was in anyway used to fund
the interference the campaign the
interference campaign that took place in
2016 when you've a part of these
suspicious filings the SAR stars they're
often called this is a financial
operation what do you know about whether
Muller has this stuff or is interested
in it we definitely know that Muller has
it we have seen letters for example that
the Senate Intelligence Committee has
sent to Treasury requesting the exact
same documents and in those letters
they've actually said you know send it
to us before you send it to Muller so we
know that there is a sharing agreement
going on but it's also important to note
that you know where these suspicious
activity reports are actually housed
that the FBI also has access to that
database and can easily prop it it seems
to me the big question that authorities
need to get at is causality here
have you seen ozark by chance I'm sorry
have you seen the Netflix show ozark oh
I have not sorry
it depicts over two seasons in in lurid
detail what happens if you get too deep
in money laundering with all sorts of
foreign you know contraband and mafioso
types and one of the things that comes
through is if your money laundering all
the time it's very hard to get out from
under it and get away from it and so one
negative thing that could be positive
for Trump that I put to you and then our
prosecutors is what if these individuals
were doing suspicious stuff aka alleged
money laundering all the time and so
they did it before and after the Trump
Tower meeting because they're always
doing it but it doesn't link back to the
meeting it's an interesting question I
mean first you know let's note that the
attorney for I catalogs a-- and and the
aguillera
said that all of these trends attract
all of these transactions are wholly
aboveboard they're absolutely legitimate
he would not get into any details about
these transactions but that's
understandable
obviously if you have legitimate
aboveboard transactions in your honor
this kind of scrutiny you would withhold
all of them information that might do
Croy the suspicious that's normal but
you know to your to your other point I
mean you know like mana for these
individuals came under scrutiny largely
because of where they were at the time
you know like mana for he was under
investigation by the FBI and and the
Justice Department back in you know 2014
when when they were looking at
Yanukovych is money he didn't get back
into the crosshairs of federal law
enforcement until after he became you
know campaign manager and obviously you
know when the probe started and I think
it's you know the same goes for with
this you know the banks noted that when
they were sending this to law
enforcement that this is something that
they did they'll look back project let
me take that to Ellie yeah so
prosecutors build off of SAR suspicious
activity reports all the time it's very
common to things jump out at me here if
I'm looking at it from a prosecutor's
lens the timing first of all these
transactions happen on June 20th the
first set which is 11 days after the
Trump Tower meeting and which is the
very day mana fort gets named the
campaign chair this guy as Maya pointed
out with all this crushing debt to
Russian oligarchs that's suspicious
could it be coincidence prosecutors are
trained to be skeptical and then the
second batch happens right after the
election and now it's a feeding frenzy
and everyone's trying to get their
access but look at the structure to
legitimate payments are just a to be a
pays being why are they using shell
companies here why are they reactivating
dormant accounts why are they sending
money through jerseys a lovely place but
there's no reason to send your money but
you think this is a big story it could
be I think there's a lot of dots that
still need to be connected but those two
things would draw my attention on that
have drawn Muller's attention I agree I
gotta say 21 of those accounts dormant
for unused since 2015
all the sudden has tons of money passing
through it and you know in this
particular instance of fraud ain't free
so it had to get paid for somehow and
the fact that this is an instance in
which it demonstrates why Muller has to
investigate they have nothing else one
of the things that's so significant here
is you can't call it a witch-hunt when
you have these kinds of facts
doesn't mean we know what they'll prove
it means it's absolutely legitimate and
important that we understand what
transpired and I think it was Eliot Ness
who said I don't want no frauds hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
