you're up for reelection this year and
you know one thing I've noticed don't
say somebody John I yeah what I
appreciated I mean I John Kasich has
fine and I appreciate that he's stood up
for what he believes and our state will
always owe him a debt of gratitude
because he explained cuz he worked with
me and others on when health care and he
expanded Medicaid and 900,000 Ohioans
have insurance and John Kasich is part
of the reason for that so I always be
great one of the attractive things about
President Trump and then was he had a
couple of like no more stupid Wars the
other was for infrastructure and yet
he's taking 10 million bucks out of FEMA
and giving it the Board of Control I
mean it doesn't like he's really like
build up a preparation for these kind of
natural disasters coming yeah well more
than that he took what we thought was
gonna be a trillion dollar
infrastructure bill water sewer
community colleges medical research on
Alzheimer's all kinds of things and he
gave it away in a tax cut where 80% of
the benefits went to the richest 1% I
mean that was that was the the worse
there were so many reasons that tax cut
didn't make sense overwhelming to the
wealthy all the stock working-class
people a lot of them stick with him
because they would have benefited for
the jobs from the infrastructure they
have to go a long distances to work we
know that working people go a lot
further work that rich people do and
they need good roads and the mass
transit all kinds of stuff and yet the
money when all of the rich people and
you still have what 43% of your States
back in Trump right now yeah well it's
it's hard it's hard to know sometimes
it's hard to understand
I think we're people in Ohio you know a
lot of people don't think their kids are
gonna have a better material life than
they do a lot of I think people in Ohio
don't believe that people in Washington
respect them and respect the dignity of
work we talked in that show before
respect the dignity of retirement where
if you if you've worked hard all your
life you've contributed to society you
ought to have Medicare and Social
Security for sure there and and I think
they feel like politicians in Washington
and both parties aren't paying attention
and Trump was the alternative and that
will though we let that happen because
we didn't we didn't stand up in the
right way
well Democrats do face are very hopeful
about a blue wave this November I think
it's got a big wave coming still face a
challenge in Ohio its take the vote for
president Trump pres Obama rather in 208
and 12 then swung the Trump in 2016
here's a new political
public shows you hold a 16-point lead
over your opponent Renee see tell me
about this this race this entry how
close think is gonna be well there was a
poll a week ago that showed me up for so
polls are all over the place I don't
think people are paying attention yet
people don't know him well particularly
well yet I I mean the met the race is
going to be a contrast between between a
guy that wanted to do and that voted to
repeal the Affordable Care Act and I
stood with Governor Kasich and in
solidly for it but I think in the end my
concern about a race like this is every
time I've run the gun lobby pours
Millions and at the end oftentimes the
drug companies do and Wall Street does
and it will be a close race we Trump won
the state by eight points there's not
been a Democrat elected statewide no
high on the last ten years except my
2012 race and the state tends to lean a
little bit that way and we fight like
hell but that means the difference in
this race we're I'm usually out spin I
probably will be outspent the difference
is our grassroots efforts and my appeal
to people to come to sherrod Brown comm
and help us out help us by volunteering
because we win races in Ohio by working
harder than they remember a couple
members my family three have in fact you
voted for Trump and I got to deal with
them one just switched by the way now
that can't stand Trump so something's
going on right there
what do you say those people that voted
for Trump last up but you want to vote
for you this time and let him think
about the next election coming up when
that time comes because it's it's it's
whose side he on in the end I always
fight I'm always fight for the whether
you punch a clock whether you work in a
diner whether you're a salaried office
worker whether you're working in a
hospital you fight for people and have
their backs and it really is whose side
you on and enough voters in Ohio too
many voters in Ohio thought Trump was on
their side they have seen me fight for
them I will continue to whether it's
trade agreements or a tax policy that
helps them means companies move offshore
whether it's fighting for consumers and
I'll be there always good luck out there
senator thank you so much hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
