joining me now is Luis Rivera marine he
is the Secretary of State and Lieutenant
Governor of Puerto Rico and as you could
see there he just was spending some time
at the White House and mr. lieutenant
governor thanks for coming on and
spending some time with us let me just
start with with what you heard from the
president yesterday and whether you
could go back to Puerto Rico and say the
president's right
it's an unsung success there is nobody
that could have done a better job
cleaning up after Hurricane Maria then
the federal government led by President
Trump could you go back to Puerto Rico
and say that it's true first of all
thank you for having us Chuck in your
program and our prayers to our brothers
and sisters in the eastern seaboard
particularly north and south carolina
I know the feeling getting ready for the
strike of a major hurricane certainly
when you talk about Maria what you
talked about what we went through last
year and throughout last year it's the
the largest event the most dissenter
disaster with the highest monumental
effects in recent history and certainly
that took into local governor federal
government and also many many thousands
of volunteers a lot of work and facing
challenges and hurdles because of all
the conditions present in the island
we're talking about
we lost all our airports we lost all our
communications and this happen overnight
so we've been working
shoulder-to-shoulder with the federal
government today we had some very
productive meetings in what is almost
the anniversary where we are
commemorating one year from Maria we are
making sure that we build decent and and
and and we can relocate thousands of
family that before Maria we're living in
conditions that are not adequate so the
response what I can tell you is that
we're working and we've been working
since day one shoulder to shoulder with
our federal agencies in making sure the
Puerto Rico can move forward and start
recovering and
are building good jobs for Puerto Ricans
look I understand you've got to work
with the administration and I get that
let me ask you this do you think you
would be getting more resources more
help if you were a state certainly what
the history of Puerto Rico I've been
coming here for years claiming party and
equitable treatment in health care
funding in Puerto Rico we get probably
half of the funds that other states get
and we pay the same Medicare taxes in
terms of housing and other federal
programs Porto Rico because of its
territorial condition is discriminated
nevertheless Porto Ricans as US citizens
we don't have representation in Congress
we don't vote for the president so when
we come here we we do differently than
those brothers and sisters we have what
3.4 million US citizens that have no
representation in the island and that
certainly reflects in the resources that
we have I mean let's put we did the math
here today based on just population and
alone a state of Puerto Rico would be
America's thirtieth largest state bigger
than Iowa just just under Connecticut
which by my math would give you four
members of the US House in addition to
two US senators let me ask you this
lieutenant governor the island in my
professional life the island has always
been split into thirds it seems a third
want statehood a third want pure
independence and a third would just like
to improve the Commonwealth relationship
well hurricane Maria changed this do you
think there is now a majority that once
statehood what I'll tell you if those
sirs are not necessarily proportionate
they are three views as to what's the
political future of the of the island
independent statehood or stay as a
territory or a colony on the last place
beside that that was run in in the
island ninety-seven percent of the
people of Puerto Rico favored statehood
a few years ago back in 2012 was 61%
last year we had a decision 2016 and
sorry I must
correct the Supreme Court put it out
bluntly that we are on the de plenary
powers of Congress thereby thereby that
means that Congress and only Congress
dictates what happens in Puerto Rico
regarding programs we don't have that
representation nevertheless nevertheless
I'm not saying that the states in in in
all the agreements that we have in place
for collaboration have been supporting
Puerto Rico I must say that many many
members of Congress
Soha have helped sensibly too to take
care of the suffering in the island and
certainly the federal agencies and the
administration is working on a very bold
program to reconstruct reconstruct a
more resilient where where there is
dignified housing for our people but our
aspirations are to be as equal at the
end that's what that what what the
foundation of this nation is all about
that we are all created equal
that doesn't happen important wrinkle
it's a fair point lieutenant governor
I'm gonna have to let you go there
lieutenant governor and also serves as a
Secretary of State Luis Rivera marine
thank you sir for taking take your time
to talk with us I appreciate it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
