Pope Francis is calling for a summit at
the Vatican to meet with Archbishop's
from around the world to focus
specifically on preventing sex abuse by
clergy and protecting children the
meeting is believed to be the first of
its kind but it's not happening until
late February meanwhile top US church
leadership are heading to the Vatican
tomorrow to meet with Pope Francis
including the Archbishop of Washington
DC Cardinal Donald Wuerl remember world
formerly was the archbishop of
Pittsburgh and is planning to discuss
his possible regulate resignation with
Francis in the face of revelations that
he mismanaged past clerical abuse god
that makes it sound like it was just a
bad habit and we both know it's not
joining me now Mitchell Garabedian an
attorney representing 55 zero victims in
the Pennsylvania diocese including the
Archdiocese of Pittsburgh Michael let's
start with this the February summit the
Associated Press says that this quote
signals a realization at the highest
levels of the church that clergy sex
abuse is a global problem and not
restricted to the anglo-saxon world I
mean I don't know when I read that we're
not talking about nail biting or staying
up too late to say we're going to have a
summit yep that's a big deal but what
does it signal to you that they're not
having it until February
what could the Catholic Church possibly
be focused on between now and then
that's more important Stephanie what the
Catholic Church is focused on is
repolish Ingush they're trying to build
they're working with the optics here
they don't care about investigations to
reveal the truth of preventing clergy
sexual abuse between now and the meeting
in February these leaders will will talk
amongst themselves to try to determine
how can we refocus the in how can we
polish the image of the Catholic Church
because we're taking an awful hit here
right now they're in panic mode
how many of these leaders probably
participated in the cover-up over the
past decades if they weren't actual
abusers I
this is very its variance it's insincere
it lacks credibility and it's a slap in
the face to children to have such a such
a meeting not only in six months but to
have it at all why hasn't the Catholic
Church which has a long history of
covering up the criminality of sexual
abuse and allowing sexual abuse have a
plan in place now not talk dot words not
speeches but a plan in place right now
to allow an investigation to go forward
so the prevention can have a meaningful
prevention can be meaningfully
accomplished there it's just so smoke
and mirrors by the Catholic Church swift
action a full investigation with
transparency is the only route that the
Catholic Church could possibly take to
get out of this but to your point
they're not and I want to talk about
Archbishop Wuerl because you are
representing 50 victims 5-0 victims of
sex abuse in the Pennsylvania Catholic
Diocese one of those cases you settled
with the Pittsburgh diocese in 2016 for
a whole lot of money it involved an
abusive priests who served in Allegheny
County from 85 to 88 talk to us about
where Archbishop Wuerl was then and
where he was in the state of
Pennsylvania during this period of time
because again even if he's going to the
Vatican tomorrow to meet with the Pope
we know that cases have been settled
several years ago we know that this big
situation came out several months ago
and the Pope has done nothing Archbishop
Wuerl has been in hiding he's been in
protective mode he's been trying to
figure out like the rest of the leaders
in the Catholic Church how not to let
the truth out how how to prevent
transparency because through
transparency victims can heal and the
world will see the truth I mean it's an
absolute insult for Pope Francis and our
church world and all these other leaders
to say we now realize it's a global
problem
it's been a global problem for decades
for the past five years I've been
litigating in in federal court in
Connecticut 50 claims where children
were abused not by a priest but by a jet
the Jesuit run school a Fairfield
University run school and Order of Malta
run school and I've been representing
those clients and we've been litigating
for about five years and with co-counsel
Simmons Hanley at my side and we've been
doing this but the Catholic Church is
making believe that all of a sudden they
realize this is a global problem take
away their robes take away the religion
they're criminals they belong in jail
why are they opposing the statute of
limitations in every possible state in
the United States they're pouring tens
of millions of dollars into lobbying
groups in New York State and many other
states to oppose statue limitations so
that the truths cannot be revealed so
that justice cannot be obtained so that
victims cannot heal it's an absolute
insult by these criminals let that sink
in sex crimes against children for
decades imagine if it was just a group
of men in a club if they were not
Catholic priests if they did not get to
wear the robes imagine the outrage that
there would be imagine these people
would be arrested and still Archbishop
Wuerl stands there and represents the he
is the highest Catholic priest in the
United States he was the guy who ran
Pittsburgh please think about that hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
