good evening from the orc I'm Chris
Hayes we are now just 15 days from the
midterms and both sides are extremely
fired up 72% of Democrats telling NBC
News in The Wall Street Journal they
have a high interest in the midterms
with Republicans close behind at 68%
well nobody knows what's going to happen
50% of the likely voters say they prefer
Democrats to control Congress after the
midterms compared to 41% who want
Republicans to keep power the biggest
question now is who turns out to vote
appearing in Nevada today for our
president Obama warned of the
consequences of staying home the stakes
are high the consequences of anybody
here not turning out and doing
everything you can to get your friends
neighbors family to turn out that the
consequences of you staying home would
be profoundly dangerous to this country
to our democracy already more than 5
million earlier absentee votes have been
cast nationwide and in Texas today on
the first day of early voting the ton
turnout was in the words of the Houston
Chronicle downright shocking with
thousands in line before a key early
voting that even opened some very
enthusiastic beytagh or work supporters
even camped out overnight to cast the
early votes earning a visit from the
candidate himself for their trouble
Trump supporters were also camped out in
Texas last night ahead of his rally
tonight in Houston with Ted Cruz this is
a live shot of the rally one of the four
the Trump is holding this week alone and
while the president has been talking a
big game in public about the midterms in
private according to Politico he is
distancing himself from the potential
GOP thumping telling confidence that he
doesn't see the midterms as a referendum
on himself according to Carl Bernstein
he's also considering casting the
results as illegitimate if the GOP loses
I talked to people in the White House on
are in touch with the White House on
Friday who believe that if the
Congressional midterms are very close
and the Democrats were to win by 5 or 7
seats that Trump is already talking
about how to throw legal challenges into
the courts so confusion the
a victory actually and say that the
election has been illegitimate now
there's been a stark divide in the
closing arguments for the two major
parties Democrats have embraced their
record on health care which polls show
is the top issue for voters many
Republicans have responded by
misrepresenting their record like
candidates like Missouri's Josh Holley
falsely suggesting they fought to ensure
coverage for people with pre-existing
conditions when in fact they're on a
lawsuit that would end it if there was
any doubt where the GOP truly stands the
Trump administration itself put it
duress today releasing a new rule two
weeks before the midterms to allow
states to add plans which effectively do
not cover pre-existing conditions Trump
the GOP have also been working hard to
inflame the Republican base in part by
spotlighting a caravan of desperate
migrants traveling toward the US border
and falsely asserting it is full of
criminals and terrorists and trying to
infiltrate America with the support of
Democrats are you thinking that as we
watch this Caravan make its way through
Mexico is this going to be a winning
issue for your party I do think it's a
winning issue and I think the
president's handling it perfectly ah
there you go
quiet part loud a winning issue
amazingly as we get closer to the
election day the lies are only being
ratcheted up both in intensity and
frequency I mean Trump is taking the
claiming at rallies that Democrats want
to give free cars to unauthorized
immigrants fact-check Falls and with
polls showing the GOP tax cut for the
rich and corporations remains remarkably
unpopular the president has been
suggesting Congress will pass another
tax cut before the midterms even though
that's literally impossible since
Congress won't be back in session until
after the votes are cast
joining me now Democratic senator
sherrod Brown of Ohio currently running
for reelection that state and the
president inventing out of thin air a
ten percent tax cut for the middle class
between now and Election Day apparently
what what is what do you think of that
well I I just think he's talking and
making it up and nobody knows what he's
talking about but more to the point it
brings back to mind what McConnell and
Ryan did when they jammed through the
tax cut for the rich a year ago more
than three-quarters of all the benefits
go to the richest 1% and then McConnell
said just recently and that this is the
real key they're not only the tax could
go to richest people in the country but
McConnell they usually wait till after
the election to do this but now he's
saying what they're gonna do and that is
that they're going to cut Medicare cut a
raise their eligibility age for Medicare
and Social Security in order to pay for
the tax cuts so we cut taxes on the rich
and then we pay for it by the middle
class by the tab being stuffs not by the
cost being stuck on the middle class and
it's just what Republicans are doing now
what do you tell people to say well the
president says that's not gonna happen
don't listen to Mitch McConnell well I
think it's clear that the president's
already seen we got to make cuts we and
you know whether that's in my state cuts
to Lake Erie cleanup or whether it's
cuts in Medicaid I I was at saint
vincent charity today in cleveland a
hospital that does more to deal with
opioid addiction and then probably any
place in the state and they have told me
if medicaid is cut that people will die
at the number of people of people around
the table I was talking to said and if
in that they want to come back they want
to repeal the Affordable Care Act that
means cutting Medicaid they want to
raise the eligibility age to amount of
Medicare they want to cut Social
Security I mean it's the same game they
always play tax cuts for the rich come
back and stick into the middle class I
urge people to come to my website
sherrod Brown com sign a petition saying
no to these cuts from McConnell because
that's what they will try to do if they
win the house in the Senate next year in
Trump as he always does goes along with
the corporate Republic
an agenda every single time you you know
one of the one of the main issues in
this in this race has been health care
and it's been I think under covered at
the national level but every race you
look at your your opponent is a
incumbent congressman the Republican
Party and Republicans swear they want to
protect pre-existing conditions today
the the White House itself issued
guidance to states that will allow them
to essentially allow for plans that
skimp on coverage for pre-existing
conditions allow larger rates to be
charged those people what is your
feeling about how bedrock the Republican
commitment to protecting people with
pre-existing conditions actually is well
it's all talk I mean every incumbent
House member has voted if they've been
there more than two years I believe have
voted to repeal the Affordable Care Act
at least a dozen times and that means
they have voted to take away the
consumer protections for pre-existing
condition they're giving the insurance
companies the power to deny coverage if
there are incumbent senators they voted
the same way to deny to allow the
insurance companies to deny coverage
they can they can they can prattle all
they want now and say in all the
protestations of oh we're going to we're
going to preserve it no they aren't they
want to raise the eligibility age and
kado and Medicare and Social Security
and they want to go after a pre-existing
condition consumer protections they've
already tried we beat it back by one
vote in the Senate they will be back
with more tax cuts that go
overwhelmingly to the wealthy and again
more undercutting the safety net they
they don't like they don't like social
insurance Medicare Social Security
unemployment they live to do tax cuts
and they live to shred the social safety
net that's who they are as a party i I
don't I don't judge them morally well
maybe I do a little bit that is that is
their political strategy that's what
they've done for 20 years or 30 years or
40 years they really never loved
Medicare to begin with and so we know
that's their game plan you can count on
it that's why we fight back that's
that's why Democrats are going to be
successful in the midterms final
question here you're in a state that
Trump carried by quite a few points
seven eight points I think it just two
years ago I'm
incumbent Democrat you're polling ahead
right now I'm curious what is the issue
terrain you're hearing when you're
talking to voters or when you're engaged
in this race of the local level
well voters know that they know that
President Trump has followed the typical
Republican corporatists agenda except
one train and i'ts happened to agree
with them mostly although I wish he had
done it a little differently putting it
mildly
but on everything else he's followed the
corporate agenda more tax breaks for the
rich more bailout more gifts to Wall
Street more standing up and giving away
the system just everything pro drug
company Pro Wall Street that's this
whole agenda this probe this corporate
agenda look who they're I mean they're
Supreme Court nominees both of them put
a thumb on the scales of justice so that
corporations get corporations win over
workers and Wall Street wins over
consumers and insurance companies win
over patients that's who they are that's
what they stand for that that's what's
going to determine this election and
that's why Democrats are gonna win all
right senator sherrod Brown thanks for
being with me thanks hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
