Bob Woodward's explosive book on the
Trump White House is officially out in
stores it's a depiction of the White
House and Kaos aides removing documents
from Trump's desk that part's well-known
but some of the deeper themes are the
role of the military and its access to
the nuclear codes these people with so
much responsibility working to thwart
Trump but Woodward details is again and
again and again his military leaders
secretary mattis and others just being
alarmed by this president
some of them acting as mica said like
guardrails of democracy trying to save
the world maybe Jim mattis falls in that
category I can tell you here at the
White House and under the leadership of
general Kelly we're a team we're
ensuring that the president gets the
information that he needs to make
incredibly important decisions my next
guest has a unique perspective on this
relationship between the military in the
White House astrophysicist and director
of the Hayden Planetarium in New York
Neil deGrasse Tyson you could also
recognize him from cameos on shows like
the Big Bang Theory or maybe you've seen
his SNL impression by Kenan Thompson or
Tyson along with another science guy
Bill Nye posing with a presidential
selfie right there he's the author of 14
books including the new book accessory
to war which argues that throughout our
history military advances often go hand
in hand with wider scientific progress
for example at the height of the
Revolutionary War was George Washington
saying was absolutely necessary to get
the latest tech from Europe a telescope
and and one of the most famous paintings
showing Washington Crossing the Delaware
he is holding that telescope right there
in his hand
I am honored to be joined today by Neil
deGrasse Tyson thanks for being here
thank you thanks for having me we're
gonna get to this book but I'm curious
given your studies of the military what
you think about the leaks that generals
are trying to stop the president's worst
instincts what I can tell you is if you
walk the halls of the Pentagon there are
quotes everywhere
drawn from the documents of our freedom
and even though the president is the
commander-in-chief of the armed forces
they will repeat throughout the three
pentagon these quotes where they take an
oath
in the Armed Services of the United
States that oath is not to the president
whom the oath is to protect the
Constitution and it's a fascinating fact
that the president is the
commander-in-chief and they give the
orders but at the end of the day if the
order does not match what you judge to
be fulfilling the Constitution of the
United States the the edicts of the
constitutes in the United States you're
expected to disobey that order
the idea that you are protecting the
Constitution and the Constitution
defines the United States not any one
president or another now your book here
accessory to war probe some interesting
territory because we hear a lot about
business as an innovator and a job
creator and a disrupter but you say it
is government and explicitly government
through the military that has advanced a
technology that's good for all of us
well that's that's well known so for
example what businesses can do is they
can invest in some innovative technology
but there's the expectation that that's
going to be there's gonna be a return on
that investment during the quarter or in
the annual report all right most five
years hence governments however have
much longer baselines of investment and
expectations on the return on that
investment let me read from your book
about the u.s. example President
Eisenhower announcing the approval plans
for launching the small unmanned earth
circling satellites and it says
Eisenhower recognized no modern country
could be militarily preeminent without
also being scientifically eminent does
that have a policy implication for us
right now completely because there was
the day I mean he saw the transition
between we are mighty military because
we have this many troops on the border
and we are mighty military because we
have the science and technology to
render most of that even unnecessary
because you have intelligence that tells
you where you need to put troops and why
you need to put them where they are and
how to obtain the new high ground
high ground in the late 50s and early
60s with space space is something that
as you know the current administration
has talked about but it seems like we
might be experiencing a bit of a decline
in scientific literacy in the white
house I want to play for you for your
reaction a couple presidents over the
years take a look
faces they and we're going to climb it
and the moon and the planets are there
and New Hope's for knowledge and peace
of a all across this great land has a
stake in maintaining and improving
environmental quality
it's supposed to be seventy degrees
today it's freezing here
speaking of global warming where is we
need some global warming so if I take
hairspray and if I spray it in my
apartment which is all sealed and you're
telling me that affects the ozone layer
yes I say no way folks no way how are we
doing well if you have an elected
official at any level who is
scientifically illiterate or
scientifically under informed all that
simply says is that the electorate
was scientifically under informed
because they're representing a voting
base and so I as an educator I don't
generally spend time talking to
politicians unless they call me but fine
that's a courtesy you have that
conversation but as an educator I turn
to the electorate and I say if you think
earth is flat that will compromise your
ability to get jobs that depend on you
knowing that earth is round
okay you can still be the janitor you
could be the the
the maid you can do these things but
you're not gonna be head of NASA where
you shouldn't be
so we live in a free country people have
the right to think whatever they want
about whatever they want and I don't
have issues with that I just have issues
if you think the wrong things about
objective truths and then you rise to
power and influence legislation based on
it
that's the unraveling of an informed
democracy so that's the final question
given everything you're working on when
you look at the climate challenges that
we have when you look at extreme weather
when you look at the news today about
whether the government's making it
easier or harder to combat that what do
we as a citizenry do you think need to
do the most well I think it's it's I
hate to give this cliched answer but
it's about education it's about knowing
and understanding what science is and
how and why it works right now it's
taught in such a way that you're here's
a satchel of facts and you learn it and
then then we'd test you on that and then
you get a grade and then you're done and
you put the science class behind you now
you take history and literature and this
and that as though this no longer
matters to you once you took the test
when in fact this is the this matters
more than anything because it affects
the future of your nation your health
your wealth senior security as well as
the in some cases the future of
civilization itself and when it has to
do with climate with energy with global
warming with housing with health it
affects us all
yeah the book is accessory to war neil
degrasse tyson thank you for being here
thank you thanks for thank you very much
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
