on Friday just says the Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation hearings were winding down
slate.com published this little Tomahawk
missile the author argued that instead
of debating whether or not to confirm
Brett Kavanaugh at the Supreme Court
quote the better question is whether he
should be impeached from the federal
judiciary emails revealed in the
confirmation process for Cavanaugh show
that he appears to have repeatedly lied
under oath about having ever seen or
been sent memos letters and talking
points that were in fact stolen from
democratic staffers in a Senate scandal
during the Bush administration judge
Cavanaugh said under oath that he never
was aware of anything like that
even though we now know one of the
emails he received in the Bush White
House and forwarded to others literally
had as its subject line the word spying
and then the email contained a whole
raft of sensitive information from
Democrats about the Democrats approach
to Bush judicial nominees in the Senate
back to the peace and slate quote even
if Kavanaugh couldn't claim that he
didn't have any hint at the time he
received the emails that these documents
were of suspect provenance which I
personally find implausible quote there
is no reasonable way for him to assert
honestly that he had no idea what they
were after the revelation of the theft
quote any reasonable person would have
realized they had been stolen and
certainly someone as smart as Cavanaugh
would have - but he lied under oath he
should not be confirmed he should
clearly be impeached the author of that
indictment is Lisa graves she's a former
Senate lawyer who wrote some of those
stolen democratic documents the ones
that Brett Cavanaugh said he never
suspected could have been stolen joining
us now is Lisa graves miss graves thank
you very much for being with us tonight
it's nice to have you here thank you so
much so this story which you have
detailed to a degree that I think makes
it very understandable in Slate calm as
of last week it has really started to
catch on as maybe the key hang up the
key problem that emerged during the
Cavanaugh confirmation hearings do you
feel like the public discussion about
this now the political discussion of
this now accurately characterizes what
Cavanaugh did wrong well I think more
more people are learning about it as you
know the hearings have been rushed
rushed forward and so many documents
have not been seen in fact a hundred
thousand pagers or more have not been
seen but from the documents that have
been provided including documents that
came out just last week it's clear that
Manuel Miranda provided documents
talking points materials that were taken
from stolen from Democratic staff and he
gave them to him during this incredibly
intense fight over Bush's judicial
nominees and so one of the memos I know
personally contains page after page
paragraph after paragraph of my research
the research I prepared for senator
patrick leahy research on the most
intense fight we were having about the
nomination of Miguel Estrada which
involved the legal precedence the
historical precedents for the memos that
the Senate Democrats had requested and
what man Miranda provided to Brett
Kavanaugh alone in one of those emails
is chapter inverse of those strategic
pieces of research many of which have
never been published before until this
past week in connection with the Senate
Judiciary Committee hearing and so I am
convinced by that and the summit's and
the other documents that provided that
Breck haven't allied repeatedly
under oath the United States Senate
about these matters and it's a very
serious matter for the integrity of the
courts and also for the integrity of the
United States Senate itself now when
questioned about these matters
particularly with particularly from
Senator Leahy this past week one of the
defenses that Brett Kavanaugh raised was
that he wouldn't have recognized these
as stolen documents because there was an
atmosphere on the Judiciary Committee
and in the Senate at the time of of
nonpartisan bipartisan sharing of
information and so if he saw anything
that was marked as or it was indicated
that it had come from the Democratic
side he would have assumed that it would
have been voluntarily shared because it
was a more bipartisan time what's your
reaction to that from him that's an
utter falsehood when it came to judicial
nominations and in fact you can see from
the materials that have been provided
that have escaped the grasp in essence
of the administration which is trying to
keep these documents secret you can see
that the information
provided by Miranda to Cavanaugh relates
to this the most controversial most
heated battles over these nominees these
very controversial meetings including
nominees who had records of being
incredibly anti choice nominees but
leaving aside the substance of that
what's quite clear is that everyone who
was in those battles including Brett
Kavanaugh himself quite frankly
including the White House which was
fighting tooth and nail to try to to try
to break the filibuster of the Senate
Democrats to try to force us to move
forward with those nominees
this was not an atmosphere in which
people were sharing their strategic
research their talking points their whip
their whip counts their letters their
strategies with Manny Miranda or the
other Republicans in the in the Senate
it was enormous battle throughout that
year and his statements only underscored
how untruthful he's being in this
hearing and in his prior hearings Lisa
graves former Senate lawyer who wrote
some of the documents that were stolen
from Senate Democrats during the George
W Bush administration some of these
documents that Bret kavanah does appear
to have lied about under oh thank you
for helping us understand this story
tonight Lisa it's nice to meet you
thanks for being here thank you so much
all right we'll be right back stay with
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
