de $5.99 of the Trump administration and
veteran journalist and author Bob
Woodward who has written 18 books and
covered nine administrations is speaking
out and defending his latest work which
if you as you may have heard has to do
with this administration Woodward's new
book on Trump and his White House comes
out tomorrow ever since the first
anecdotes from this book were released a
week ago
Trump's been fighting back attacking the
author this morning on today on NBC what
word pushed back with a genuine warning
about this president there's a war on
truth by him and he says oh these are
unnamed sources but these are not
unnamed incidents well I've never seen a
instance when the president is so
detached from the reality of what's
going on this has not been treated
seriously enough and and the things some
of the things Trump did and does
jeopardize the real national security
that gets your attention the president
sent out these attacks almost all at the
same time as the Woodward interview was
airing on NBC quote the Woodward book is
a joke just another assault against me
in a barrage of assaults using now
disproven unnamed and anonymous sources
many have already come forward to say
the quotes by them like the book are
fiction Dems can't stand losing alright
the real book and the White House is a
smooth-running machine let's not forget
that one Woodward had this to say about
the denials of the accounts in his book
by some of the presidents top advisors
they are not telling the truth no but
look what's going on here and my old
boss at the Washington Post Ben Bradley
the great editor used to say the truth
emerges sometimes it takes time these
people these are political statements to
protect their jobs
totally understand
but this is as carefully done as you can
do an excavation of the reality of what
goes on while Trump was attacking
Woodward as press secretary focused her
outgoing fire on that anonymous op-ed in
The New York Times which of course still
wrinkles Sanders says no lie-detector
tests will be used to find the author
yet she did back the president's
assertion that the Justice Department
should get involved in uncovering
whoever wrote that opinion piece
certainly if there's an individual
whether or not since we don't know who
they are if that individual is in
meetings that we're national security is
being discussed or other important
topics and they are attempting to
undermine the executive branch that
would certainly be problematic and
something that the Department of Justice
should look into reporter Jonathan
Lemire who's standing by to join us is
the co-author of an AP piece posted
tonight about the latest tensions in the
White House and the concerns amid West
Wing staff quote there was fear among
some Trump advisors that if the
president felt that his staff or the
Justice Department was not carrying out
his order to find the leakers then he
could feel compelled to make changes
meanwhile former Trump aide Omarosa
Manigault Newman reemerged today with
her latest secret audiotape secret no
more from a White House communications
meeting in October of 2017 here is a
portion that was released during her
appearance on the view I think Hillary's
gonna you know in Russia the Russians
there is Hillary
somebody told me hope you Toby was nine
million dollars they spent on that
sending I know
you see nobody knows who's venting later
while appearing on this network
Omarosa said was asked about the
depiction of the White House that we
read about in Bob Woodward's book does
what you've heard from the author and
what you've read does it as a job with
your experience in the White House
absolutely what we're seeing are these
themes emerging you see these themes
about his mental stability about his
ability to comprehend complex policies
his ability to lead this hashtag you say
that you and other staffers use TFA what
does that stand for 25th amendment and
you would you guys would use it in the
context of what we used it as a way to
cope when Donald Trump would flip from
one moment to the next and back to the
legal battle the president has pitched
against the Russia investigation and the
open question about whether he and
Muller will sit down for an interview
today ken starr former independent
counsel and the clinton investigation
was asked if he thought Trump should
speak with the special counsel I think
as the president United States he should
but my perspective is the president has
an obligation to enforce and obey the
law
we should tell you Ken Starr will be
here in the studio with us on Wednesday
and we will no doubt hear more from him
on that front with that let's bring in
our leadoff panel on a back to work
Monday night Ashley Parker Pulitzer
Prize winning White House reporter for
The Washington Post
Jonathan Lanier White House reporter for
The Associated Press and Frankford Glu Z
former FBI assistant director for
Counter telogen hsihu in the past has
worked for among others one Robert
Muller welcome to you all and good
evening and Ashley take us inside this
West Wing inside this presidency the
mind of the president and those around
him what's your latest reporting so that
the president is deeply upset as you can
see from his public comment in his
public tweets are not that dissimilar
from the sense he was giving him
privately he's upset about the Woodward
book he's upset about this anonymous
op-ed in The New York Times and again he
feels that he has sort of been betrayed
by someone incredibly close to him so on
the one hand there is a
feeling of vindication the sense that he
couldn't trust anyone around him and now
he sort of believes he's correct but but
he also feels this is a president who
places himself at the center of every
issue and so it feels deeply personal to
him within the White House and though
within the president's orbit it's a
little more mixed there are people who
as Jonathan writes and his great piece
are worried that you know they may need
to curb the president in they need to
focus him on this coming hurricane they
want to curve his impulses this is also
a White House who is used to careening
from crisis to crisis and there is a
sense that this too shall pass
you remember the Woodward book when it
first came out it was only a one or two
day story because that anonymous op-ed
supplanted it so there's a sense that
they may weather this if simply because
another crises comes and pushes it out
of the news and Jonathan Ashley's
mention of the hurricane is actually
critical while things like this are huge
empathy challenges for an empathy
challenged president and administration
and while every move they make will be
correctly judged against Puerto Rico we
are kind of on the loose eve of a
natural disaster predicted in this
country and is there anyone in the White
House to turn and focus his attention to
prevent what we can all predict is a
week-long obsession on a book and an
op-ed otherwise right we've seen this it
began over the weekend as the president
is we write in the piece was still very
very angry with about the op-ed the
anonymous I've had and the times and
then as the Woodward book was start to
pick up steam again as the actual
release date approached that he was
observe obsessed with this the who who
were let's identify these leakers let's
get rid of them you know perhaps let's
get the Department of Justice involved
and certainly there's some around him
who suggested that would be
inappropriate doesn't seem to be this is
any sense that a actual crime was
committed or any sort of state secret
was revealed classified information
disclosed in the piece or in the
Woodward book so there are people around
him suggested to him then like let's
focus on something else let's focus on
let's focus on the midterms let's focus
on you know the economy let's talk about
some good things here and he didn't seem
willing to do that and in fact it's been
a struggle in the White House according
to our reporting even this morning to
get him on anything else note did the
tweets about
hurricane only came this afternoon right
after the White House briefing which
mind you began with the guest appearance
we've seen saris antigens before a lot
of reporters in the room thought it
would be about the hurricane instead it
was about the economy and it seemed like
a direct rebuttal to President Obama's
remarks over the weekend in which he
claimed credit for the economic recovery
when of course President Trump wants
that that glory if you will there are
people in there though who have they
feel like they've in the last day or so
maybe have managed to get the message
across the president this is a major
event coming as you said he has had
challenges before not just what the
hurricane but other moments he's not
necessarily grasped for that moment of
national unity that some of his
predecessors have have done when there
has been a tragedy hit some of the right
notes during the Las Vegas mass shooting
he hit some of the right notes when it
came to that Congressional baseball
practice shooting but let's remember
what he did with Charles don't and and
certainly the hurricane and in Puerto
Rico paper towel toss exactly right and
this is going to be a significant test
for him with everyone watching although
in the short term for the White House it
does change the subject hey Frank I know
you've been asked a lot about the op-ed
piece where we stand whether it amounts
to a national security crisis to take
mr. Woodward's point but tonight mr.
bannon went on Fox News and had this
comment for Laura Ingraham I'll get your
comment when we've seen it the
convergence of that book and the
anonymous column I mean it's quite
evident that President Trump there's a
coup what was said in that anonymous
letter was absolutely outrageous and I
think the president ought take immediate
and direct action I don't think there's
any one author I think it's probably six
to a dozen people so frank putting aside
his argument there is a coup actively
underway in this country let's take his
last point that it was somewhat of a
work of a committee so I will concede up
front Brian that I know just enough
about psycholinguistics and content
analysis to be dangerous but over 25
year career in the FBI investigating
everything from serial murder to
counterintelligence I've had tremendous
amount of exposure to this field and
experts in it and what I one of the
things they've taught me is to look at
the fact of different themes being
inserted in a written product different
writing styles to look at and so well
again I'm not the expert on this we
cannot rule out if you're investigating
this if I'm assigned this case to
investigate I'm going to keep in my on
my radar screen the possibility that
this has multiple authors so what do I
focus on in there we it's almost imagine
people a group of people sitting around
the room and somebody saying hey for me
it's all about morality so put something
in there about him being a moral for
another person is let's make sure that
people know that that he has done some
good that he's helped the military and
bulked up the resources and they armed
forces I want that in there and and
other people inserting other things and
and you know let them know we're trying
to do our best so it's quite possible
that this is the work of multiple people
but it goes right back to the cout
statement and and let's go to the
definition of coup by definition it
means that someone's trying to take over
power wrest power from someone in power
but what we're seeing here is quite the
opposite we have we have people saying
I'm here many of us are here to try and
keep this man in power and from hurting
others until he goes away that's not a
coup that's not a national security
threat and you've heard the president
say and suggest and I think he's gonna
get stronger in this at DOJ or FBI
should look at this as a national
security issue so I've asked myself are
you a national security threat if you
expose a national security threat and in
this case I would say no hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
