Donald Trump has officially in writing
surrendered to Michael avenatti one of
the presidents many lawyers put that
surrender in writing on Saturday in a
filing in federal court in California in
the case of Stephanie Clifford also
known as stormy Daniels versus Donald J
Trump also known as David Dennison the
president's high-priced lawyer in that
case Charles harder is finally doing
what I've always said he should have
done at the very beginning of the stormy
Daniels case and that is simply free
stormy Daniels from the non-disclosure
agreement that she signed legal hell has
rained down on Donald Trump and Michael
Cohen because they immediately tried
every trick they could think of to try
to stop stormy Daniels from going public
including Michael Cohen publicly
threatening to bankrupt stormy Daniels
with millions and millions of dollars in
penalties that Donald Trump and Michael
Cohen would visit upon her for violating
her confidentiality agreement Michael
Cohen is a convicted felon tonight and
Donald Trump is an unindicted
co-conspirator tonight because of the
way they chose to fight stormy Daniels a
fight they were so confident they were
going to win until they heard from
stormy Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti
in court and on this program and
elsewhere and they should have realized
as soon as they saw Michael avenatti
that they should drop this case and now
they are finally trying to drop the case
both Donald Trump and Michael Cohen
formerly going into court saying we
release drumming gals from the
non-disclosure agreement therefore the
case is closed
but Michael avenatti says not so fast
and Michael avenatti is joining us here
now and Michael I have to tell you when
I saw they were dropping the case I
thought okay they are slow learners but
that's the way out of a civil case
either side can get out of a civil case
simply by doing what the other side
wants and your case was we want stormy
journals to be able to speak so they
said okay forget it she can speak the
case is over and I thought that was it
that was the end of it until I started
reading your pleading today that turns
out
there's more to this case well there's a
lot more to this case Lawrence and you
know let's back up I've been saying for
a while that we've been playing chess
and they'd been playing tic-tac-toe and
that's been true now for the better part
of six months and it's true in the last
week in the last 72 hours as well if
you'll recall we filed a very basic
complaint to start this case in March
there was a reason for that we then made
an offer of settlement shortly
thereafter and we offered to return one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars and
there were some other parameters and we
gave Donald Trump and Michael Cohen a
set period of time to respond to that
offer they blew us off they refused to
accept the settlement offer which I
anticipated that they would do and
shortly thereafter we filed what's
called an amended complaint where we
amended our allegations and we made
those allegations much more detailed and
we asked for much more than we had in
the initial complaint and there was a
reason for that and the reason why we
did that Lawrence is because I
anticipated that someday I would be
sitting in a seat like this and we would
be where we are right now and the
problem is is that Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump are in too deep they waited
too long they didn't do what you thought
they should have done six months ago
they didn't do what I thought they
should have done frankly six months ago
and so now what they want to do is they
want to cancel the case they want to
call no glory they want to completely
surrender and we're not willing to
accept that surrender under the under
the terms that they want to offer what
are some of the claims in your case that
would not be satisfied if they were
allowed to drop out of this case now
well for instance we still have the
defamation cause of action or claim
against Michael cone we still have the
defamation claim against Donald Trump we
have another claim against Michael Cohen
relating to his conduct and conspiring
with Keith Davidson to hide information
and documents from my client and
furthermore as it relates to the NDA
we want a judicial finding a
determination that that NDA is not just
knowing void but that it was an illegal
contract that was proposed by Donald
Trump in an effort to violate campaign
finance law now obviously he's not you I
discovered today only today specified
this in your complaint that you want
this as a finding or which they could
then do as an admission they could just
write it out as an admission in there
filing and say okay yes it was and so
you've you've ended up asking for more
much more than just she'd be released
from the non-disclosure agreement
there's also an issue of attorneys fees
they they poured lawyers into this thing
which ran up the costs on the stormy day
on the side of the case on your side of
the case and now they're saying after
having done that well let's just
everyone go home well correct I mean we
put this this finding of illegality that
we sought in there for a reason
because we boxed in Donald Trump because
we knew that never in a million years
would he be in a position where he could
admit that because we're he to admit
that he would have a much bigger problem
that these do now have that admission on
record from the other party in this case
Michael colony he's on record in federal
court as saying exactly in effect what
you demanded here correct so we're
halfway to home yeah now we need the
other half which is we're going to get
an admission or a judicial finding by
way of competent evidence that Donald
Trump conspired with Michael Cohen to do
this to violate campaign finance law and
we're either gonna get that by way of an
admission which I don't think we're
gonna get or by cross-examination in a
deposition and ultimately a trial and
that is our goal and it's been my goal
for six months it's going to continue
it's possible here that you might get
all that from Michael Cohen in writing
because there's no damage to him at this
point and then that might leave you only
with Donald Trump as a defendant Cohen
might be able to work his way out of
this it is it is fascinating when will
the judge make a decision on whether
this case continues on the 24th of
September we have a hearing and we're
gonna get some guidance from the judge
and you know a number of things can
happen between now and then this is a
very dynamic situation and things happen
at a very quick pace but I just hope
they keep playing tic-tac-toe and I'm
confident they will so here's the thing
I'm gonna be right here on the 24th
September at 10:00 p.m. so come on and
we'll talk about how it turns out I'm
looking forward to thank you very much
you'll appreciate it thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
