the most dangerous thing that we have
seen President Trump do publicly is
threaten and taunt North Korea's
dictator Kim jong-un and that of course
was before the president then embraced
that very same dictator and started
saying more praiseful things about him
than he has ever said about America's
strongest allies but during that
dangerous period when it seemed that
Donald Trump was creeping toward war
with North Korea we always knew that it
wasn't going to happen tomorrow or that
week or the next week because one
necessary prerequisite to any American
military action on the Korean Peninsula
would be to remove all of the families
of American military personnel in South
Korea that's about 28,000 people some
experts told me that that would take
weeks to evacuate those people and it
would be impossible to do it secretly so
as long as we weren't evacuating anyone
Kim jong-un knew there was no immediate
threat of war but in Bob Woodward's new
book fear we discover that we might have
just been one tweet away from a war with
North Korea the book says that in
January of this year President Trump
wrote tweets declaring that he would
evacuate all family members of US troops
from South Korea wouldwould writes the
possible tweets scared the daylights out
of the Pentagon leadership mattes and
Dunford a declaration of intent to do so
from the US commander in chief on
Twitter was almost unthinkable the North
Koreans made it clear they would
consider that a sign that the United
States was preparing for war and then
what would North Korea do just sit there
and wait to be struck luckily for the
world as Bob Woodward reports the tweet
was never sent people who work for him
are worried that he will sign things or
give orders that threaten the national
security or the financial security of
the country or the world joining us now
Evan mcmartin former CIA operative and a
former independent presidential
candidate and Richard Clarke former
senior White House adviser to three
presidents on issues
from cybersecurity to counterterrorism
he is the host of the new podcast future
state which launched today featuring his
first guest President Bill Clinton thank
you both for joining us Richard Clark I
want to get your reaction to that report
and Bob Woodward's book about the tweet
that wasn't sent the tweet that would
have said to North Korea the president
is preparing to strike the Lawrence this
underscores the fact that having a
president being able to tweet and no one
to edit his tweets is a terrible way to
do diplomacy I once wrote a threatening
letter to the leaders of Iran but before
it was sent before the President signed
it scores of experts pored over it and
rewrote it that doesn't happen with
tweets so you have the risk of him doing
something where no one can stop him and
it being misunderstood and causing a
financial crisis a stock manipulation or
causing a military scare and this is one
of the tweets that other people got to
see before it went out but we certainly
have plenty of indications that there
are many many tweets that go out that no
one ever gets to see before they go out
and so luckily the people who saw this
tweet managed to prevent the president
from sending this tweet about evacuating
the families of military personnel in
North Korea yeah that's right so so you
start to wonder okay well in this
environment how long will these people
last in the service of the country under
President Trump I think President Trump
now is smarting about about the fact
that there are you know there's an op-ed
written about him in books a stream of
books and there will be more category or
cataloguing all the instances in which
his own staff think of him as a fool and
and is dangerous and stand in the way of
him doing what he wants to do and I
think at a certain point he's going to
say and he already has but increasingly
well why do I want these guys around I
should get rid of them and maybe have
people on my staff who are willing to do
what I want to do and and that's where I
get concerned especially with regard to
general mattis who I
does the country a tremendous service in
his capacity as as our defense secretary
but now we see reports that the
president is considering removing him
especially after Bob Woodward's
reporting in which mattis says allegedly
incredibly I think that President Trump
has the knowledge of a sixth or a fifth
grader on about the Korean Peninsula and
other issues perhaps general mattis
isn't going to be there be around too
much longer and and and that's
concerning to I want to listen to
something that Bob Woodward said on the
Today show this morning because it's a
little it's not so clear to us not
people who aren't professionals in the
intelligence community I'd like to get
your reaction to it let's listen what he
said here's the problem this has not
been treated seriously enough and and
the things some of the things Trump did
and does jeopardize the real national
security this country does some things
in the intelligence world which are so
important to protect the country they
are astonishing there is secret they are
called special access programs and he
jeopardizes them Richard Clarke a few
reporters know more about that
intelligence community than Bob Hoover
does well what was your interpretation
of what he was talking about there well
I'm not sure I want to talk about
special access programs but I think to
stop you there that is a particular
phrase referring to particular things
special access programs are things above
top-secret they are activities that go
on in the world that are restricted to a
very small handful of people the
knowledge of those activities
they're usually collection activities
and they're extremely sensitive which
means knowledge of them would mean that
they would end if they were exposed and
they are usually ways that we collect
very vital information often about
foreign leadership let me just stop it
at that I don't think the intelligence
community
is telling the president about them they
may be telling him some of the results
but they're certainly not telling him
how we collect it because who knows what
he would say to the Russians who knows
what he would say to the press he
doesn't know what not to say
and when not to say it and so there
probably is a wealth of information that
he doesn't get here and every Mon you
could see just in the way Bob Woodward
was talking about it he was doing it
with as much care as Richard Clarke
their knowing how sensitive this arena
is and it's just it's hard to conceive
of Donald Trump being around information
like that that's right and I think
Richard may be right about information
that at this point isn't getting to the
president which is is truly sad because
we need a leader who has this kind of
information and who can use it to make
wise decisions we need that for our own
security but the reality is there are
certain things that the intelligence
community that the Central Intelligence
Agency for example just simply can't do
without the president's signature and so
then the question becomes okay is that
are those things happening or are they
not happening in under president Trump's
leadership I think many of them are
happening which means the president
knows about them those are things that
are done in a secretive manner to
achieve our interests to protect our
security but that if they were known
could put people's lives at risk or
could put our security at risk could
trigger greater greater problems and so
so yes we have to be concerned about the
president's access to information but
what I'm more concerned about is what he
will do with his power will he it may be
the power to thumb 180 character tweet
that that triggers conflict or the
preparations for conflict it may be that
he authorizes a military action that is
then executed that was ill informed and
unwise that triggers a broader conflict
that's what I'm more worried about every
book Mullen thank you very much for
joining us Richard Clark thank you for
joining us can congrats on the new
podcast Richard Clark's new podcast
called future state thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below
Oh for more from the last word and the
rest of MSNBC
