now Michigan was one of the key
battlegrounds for 2016 for Donald Trump
narrowly won the state in part because
of people who didn't vote in the
presidential election or even vote at
all around Tremaine Lee talked to
someone who went from not voting two
years ago to being a candidate in a
local race this year if you put my name
up I've been a registered Democrat all
my life first time I voted was in 1992 I
was so excited to vote for Bill Clinton
because I was born in Arkansas as well I
think voting is important and your vote
is so important you just can't give it
away in 2016 you you didn't vote for a
presidential election I had such a bad
taste in my mouth about the whole entire
thing
I was literally disgusted and I'm not
gonna lie I was supporting Hillary two
years before she made the decision but
during the election they did come to
Flint and they may find a lot of
promises and the promises haven't been
fulfilled so Donald Trump wins during
the campaign I think he mentioned
planning talking about some
infrastructure plan help came safe link
he came for that one photo op and he has
a mention Flint he's had been in office
two years now
I think Flint should have been the
poster child for infrastructure people
in in light of the crisis been able to
organize politically in terms of
changing some of the dynamics that might
have led to the problem in the first
place most definitely we have to put
ourselves in these positions and seats
to speak for regular folk that have been
affected that know what it feels like to
be sick there knows what it feels like
to sit three hours in a line waiting for
water because you don't have a choice
because you don't even have a nickel in
your house this midterm especially for
the city of flint and Genesee County
is one of the most important midterms
we've had in decades I'm hoping that
with that being said that this can put
that fire back under not just the young
folk just spoken general are you
considering running or you're running or
I'm definitely running I am on the
ballot for November and yes it's way out
of my lane and lead position county
commissioners second district it's about
do you know your county and became
listening to what the people and folk in
business owners want and need and it may
not always benefit you personally but if
it benefits the masses I think you'll be
blessed the things a fall in place all
right we're back here with Jermaine Lee
who's been out in Michigan doing some
field reporting you know there's so much
attention on the Trump Obama voter on
the swing voter if you look at states
like Michigan folks that just didn't
vote who had been voting before are as
big a piece of the mathematical puzzle
that's why spending any time in Flint
obviously it's a special circumstance
but I heard of one of two things
consistently one is that they cannot
trust local politicians they don't
believe anything have to say the city
was poisoned they believe that
leadership covered it up the second was
that they feel abandoned by Democrats
and Republicans especially needs tough
working-class City they feel like
they've been abandoned over it but for
corporate interests right they put
profit over people I thought was really
interesting to what she was saying which
is that we know that there was a very
sort of cynical undertaking by the Trump
campaign to suppress the vote right I
mean essentially to send the message
being like it's all corrupt it's all
fixed and clearly that message didn't
work in some cases well it resonates
because in day to day life right people
feel left out by the tree and not Senate
especially a place where people were
poisoned and that footage was taken last
week there are still lines of cars that
wrap around the block and down the
highway simply for wood ER and canned
foods and no one was there to protect
them and now she though is decided to
run for county commissioner because she
feels like she's had a kind of political
awakening in the wake of that election I
hate to use the word resilience because
someone told me once that resilience is
not a natural state but the people of
Flint are so resilient they're
organizing around the vote and people
like Gina Leffler said you know what if
we want to be make a change we have to
be the change
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
