welcome back to harbor with just 57 days
till November Smid term elections were
focusing on the hardball 10 those are
the 10 key Senate races that will
determine the balance of power in the
Senate Democrats are trying to flip for
those seats currently held by
Republicans among the for the toughest
reach we all agree is Texas democratic
Heisman bet O'Rourke who stirred up
Democrats with his inspiring speeches so
far large social media following an
impressive fundraising is looking to
defeat incumbent senator there he is Ted
Cruz and it's that surprisingly close
battle that seems to have Republicans
worried right now the New York Times
reports that President trumps OMB
director Mick Mulvaney recently told
some party donors quote there's a very
real possibility we will win a race for
Senate in Florida and lose a race in
Texas for Senate okay I don't think it's
likely but it's a possibility
how likely is a candidate how likable is
a candidate that still counts that's
Mick Mulvaney the OMB director talking
to party people and political reports
that a collection of conservative groups
are launching a rescue effort right now
for senator Cruz the report notes that
the other Republican senator from Texas
John Cornyn said he had a simple direct
that the GOP contributors quote were not
bluffing this is real it's a serious
threat I'm joined now by Rick tower
Republican strategist and former
spokesman for Ted Cruz's presidential
campaign and victory DeFrancesco
professor at the elbe LBJ School of
Public Affairs at the University of
Texas in Austin thank you all let me go
to Rick about this thing Ted Cruz was
never likable that was never his selling
point he's an intellectual proud of it a
hard conservative how close is this
going to get because of his lack of
likability it's going to Mick Mulvaney
look he wasn't like a bowl of Washington
he's been trying to fix that now he's
not getting the benefit of that you've
had now you have Mitch McConnell in corn
and who people see as part of the
establishment remember Ted Cruz ran in
the Tea Party against establishment
they're now saying nice things about him
that's that's not good
he's also heard some at home I think so
and in and I
think Ted is likable enough in Texas but
remember he said some pretty dramatic
things about President Trump and Texas
is still a trump state he won by nine
points but Texas demographics are
changing so it really remains to be seen
the big unknown is who's going to show
up in November and is his race
emblematic of what's going on across the
country if it is the Republicans that
are real trouble or is it that beta or
Roarke has just from an incredible
campaign and raised a lot of money and
now it's a real race let's talk about
the Latino vote Victoria thank you for
joining us and I just about this
question so ironic you have one guy
named Rafael whose nickname is Ted the
other guy's real name is Robert but he
calls himself
Beto since he was a kid once going to a
Spanish nickname the other guy going
away from my Spanish name and yet it's
not like it's an open-and-shut case who
the Hispanic or the Latino votes going
to go for what do you think it looks
like now for the two of them how they
going to share that part of the
electorate
right so what we see is Bethel not
assuming that Latino Democrats are going
to turn out and vote for him so in the
primary he won the Latino vote by the
skin of his teeth by 51% so I think this
is a blessing in disguise for bet dork
because he has been spending the last
couple of weeks in the valley he is not
letting any Latino vote go untouched I
think that this is very good he's not
getting the Latino vote or making
inroads just because he's a Democrat or
just because he goes by Bethel but
because he is doing the work and lay on
top of that Chris that he is so likeable
he's charismatic I would say that he is
the male and Richards don't compare the
riches his harem to Ann Richards she
lost Richards
she lost him
and Richards lost the W but before she
lost her W she was our governor and she
had that Texas bravado that was what got
her into office in the first place do
you think the fact that bet though I
can't pronounce the Spanish way but Beto
do you think in fact he's about a foot
taller than Ted Cruz is going to help
him he's the tallest guy I think that's
ever ran for the Senate your thoughts
history would say that he probably would
there is a height advantage if you look
just at the data on that
but I would say that in addition to the
height it's the bigness of his
personality ted cruz is more of an
intellectual he is he's likable enough
as Rick Tyler said but Bethel has the
height the boyish good looks and then
you add on top of that that pounding
charisma he's got a winning combination
well Politico reports they quote Texas
lieutenant governor Dan Patrick the
former sports reporter showed up in
Washington on July 25th to deliver an
urgent plea to the White House officials
send President Donald Trump down there
well late last month Trump tweeted I
will be doing a major rally for Senator
Ted Cruz in October I'm picking the
biggest stadium in Texas we can find
isn't that gonna be a love match the two
of them he accused Cruz's father helping
to kill Kennedy are you kidding me well
that's true he wasn't look the thing
about that Ted Cruz has a lot more to
worry about it's not it's not just a
Hispanic vote what's interesting about
the Hispanic vote in in Texas is one in
three Hispanics in Texas are actually
too young to vote the future is Hispanic
in Texas and if the Republican Party is
losing Hispanics the way Donald Trump is
driving away that's the future what's
that about because W used to get a very
good Latino vote he did because he
understood the demographic said that the
the Latino community is a growing
community the same with
african-americans in Texas one in four
is too young to vote so our party has to
either appeal to Hispanics and Latinos
and Asian's or we're just gonna lose
we'll just be a minority party forever
everybody now knows that midterm
elections are a challenge for turnout
Victoria and the question I have to put
to you is how does bado get out the
Hispanic vote because it's down about
the last presidential likes it was 24%
about a quarter of the vote in Texas
that's actually a big powerful block of
votes but it has to be a larger
percentage of a block of votes for
better to win apparently your thoughts I
think it's a combination of turning out
that Hispanic vote and we know that
Hispanics are the least likely to turn
out so that's one challenge and young
people are the least likely to vote so
that's a double whammy and that's why we
see Bethel making so much use of social
media and just retail Paul
politics but I think the other part of
this is persuading independence Chamber
of Commerce Republicans to just not cast
a vote for Ted Cruz maybe not vote for
for Bentall but just don't pull the
lever for Ted Cruz you can vote for any
other Republican you want just don't
vote for him
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
