another uber powerful man in the
entertainment industry is out les
Moonves is stepping down as chair and
CEO of CBS facing new allegations of
sexual misconduct last month the New
Yorker reported accusations from a total
of six women who said Moonves sexually
harassed them from the 1980s to the
2000s late last night The New Yorker
published allegations from six more
women from the same time period ranging
from forced oral sex to exposing himself
even violence and retaliation NBC has
not confirmed this reporting in a
statement CBS says the network quote
takes these allegations very seriously
our board of directors is conducting a
thorough investigation of these matters
which is ongoing
Moonves denies the accusations saying
quote untrue allegations from decades
ago are now being made against me that
are not consistent with Who I am
I'm deeply saddened to be leaving the
company as part of his exit CBS says
Moonves and the network will donate 20
million bucks to organizations that
support the me2 movement and equality
for women CBS says it will come out of
any severance that may be due to Moonves
after the completion of an independent
investigation so let's take a look at
just how powerful this man was in
Hollywood in 1993 he became president of
Warner Brothers television where he
helped developed mega hits like ER and
Friends Moonves went to CBS in 1995 and
was named president and CEO of CBS
television in 98 over the next two
decades Moonves built CBS into a
powerhouse credited with launching some
of the network's biggest hits including
Everybody Loves Raymond survivor CSI Two
and a Half Men and the Big Bang Theory
the New York Times reports Moonves
annual pay package is worth almost
seventy million bucks
according to Forbes he's worth about 700
million
joining us now is William Cohan special
correspondent for Vanity Fair who's been
writing about this to the point that
Stephanie was just making about how much
money he makes and how much money he's
worth there had been talks that his
departure has been in negotiation for
weeks and that he was up for a potential
payout of somewhere between 120 and 200
million dollars what's happened
poof it's basically evaporated the
reason that you know don't forget when
the Ronan Farrow first allegations came
out he made clear that you know he was
told when he was told no he pulled back
and then a lot of these allegations
hadn't occurred when he was CEO of CBS
he had just recently signed a new like
80 page contract which very clearly
defined the reasons that he could be
fired for cause or alternatively if he
left for good reason if he was fired for
cause he gets nothing if he leaves for
quote good reason he gets you know one
eighty two hundred million dollars and
so until the last night
yesterday's bombshell which was even
more explicit plus he didn't mention my
which was of his own diabetes doctor
even worse and some would say I think
that has sort of sent everything into a
complete a sense of turmoil and chaos
that you're reporting between us and a
female doctor yes
unbeknownst by everybody les Moonves has
had diabetes I'm not sure that's
necessarily disclosable a requirement by
assisi rules
and in September 1999 when he was CEO of
CBS television he went to see her one
morning at 7:00 a.m. and she was told
his diabetes doctor this is his diabetes
doctor who was then at the UCLA Medical
Center woman dr. Anne Peters is a very
highly regarded diabetes doctor who's
now at USC and he made two unwanted
advances and in the subsequently she
wrote an article in a medical journal in
May where she didn't say his name but I
was told that it was of course him
that's basically been confirmed and she
said that he went beyond that after she
said no in a very sort of unpleasant way
that we don't want to talk about on
television and could she not say or do
anything at the time by HIPPA well two
things happened first of all she
reported at the time to the UCLA Medical
Center and they advised her according to
her own writing of this incident in the
May in May 2018 that they advised her to
not go to the police do not report this
criminal events that he had more
powerful lawyers he was a very powerful
guy and to just leave it alone she
wanted a note in his file to make sure
that he never did this to anybody again
it's not clear I asked UCLA is there a
note in the file about that they didn't
respond to those kinds of specific
questions there is a there was a
criminal complaint that was filed last
year and the positive while finding
incredible different one yes why finding
credible said the statute of limitations
had expired
does does Les Moonves have any criminal
exposure as far as you can tell well I'm
not I'm not a criminal attorney I don't
even play one on TV
so I don't really know what has he said
about your piece though well all he said
in in in in are he of course made a
statement to us he denied the sexual
allegation the the rather graphic sexual
allegation that was made he did say that
he made essentially these unwanted
passes and once he was rebuffed he
didn't pursue it any further so there's
a basic disagreement there he dr. Peters
also wrote in her article that he called
back the next day and apologized and
said he has a problem with women and
basically she said yes you sure do you
should never be alone with a woman again
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
