for the two competitors who played in
this final spot now I know you guys are
here rooting and I was rooting too but
let's make this the best moment we can
and we'll get through it but let's give
everyone the credit where credit's due
and let's not blue anymore we just we're
gonna we're gonna get through this and
let's G positive so
a week after Nike announced that
quarterback Colin Kaepernick would be
the face of the 30th anniversary of its
just do it ad campaign triggering
intense backlash from the right the
hashtag boycott Nike and people burning
their own shoes that they already paid
for another moment I rocked the sports
world on Saturday when Serena Williams
was penalized a game for calling the
chair umpire a thief during an extended
argument during the US Open women's
final with fans booing and played laid
before Naomi Osaka of Japan wrapped up a
6-2 6-4 victory for her very first Grand
Slam title the match was followed by a
trophy ceremony showing a visibly upset
Osaka the first Japanese woman to win a
Grand Slam singles title in a post match
news conference where Williams accused
umpire Carlos Ramos of sexism I've seen
other men call other umpires several
things and I'm here fighting for women's
rights and for women's equality and for
all kinds of stuff and for me to say
thief and for him to take a game it made
me feel like it was a sexist remark I
mean like how he's never took a game
from a man because I said feat I mean it
blows my mind joining me now is our Lena
Maxwell Sirius XM director of
progressive programming USA Today
contributor Curt bard Ella Jamil Smith
of Rolling Stone and brand consultant
Kwame Jackson thank you all for being
here so there's Lina you know I'm all in
my feelings about this thing is I didn't
see the match live because my cousins
were in town we were out and so I was
just hearing about it on Twitter and
then watching the clips later and was
really stunned yeah you know you and I
really even play tennis growing up you
know I was stunned by the way that this
line does this umpire was behaving that
the judge was behaving and it felt like
it marred what was otherwise an
incredible moment of brown and black
girl magic you have no sockos you know
half Japanese and half Haitian you had
two women of color in the final was this
amazing empowering thing that all kind
of fell apart
what do you thought yeah it was an
example of two women of color having
what should have been an amazing moment
from
no matter who won or lost yeah and it
was marred by a man's choice that
happens every single day in America and
I think that in this particular context
I've been watching tennis my entire life
I've never ever ever seen what happened
yesterday to Serena Williams happen in
tennis and I would say there were three
violations that this umpire decided and
chose to call against Serena Williams
two of them were arbitrary and I think
wrong yeah one she broke a racket that
happens all the time
that's a warning and again the third the
third violation he absolutely made the
wrong call he felt offended because she
called him a thief and demanded an
apology and as a blast woman you know
there are so many moments where you are
actually wrong where I feel like Serena
was wrong in this situation and wanted
an apology and you don't get it and that
makes you very upset joy right and so I
can relate to Serena in that particular
moment and he felt like a woman should
not talk to him in that tone that's what
happened yesterday
you know in Kurt you have a tweet that's
gone viral um you tweeted on Saturday
context for Serena Williams appropriate
reacts think about how male star
athletes are perceived when they react
to arrest call breaking bats knocking
over coolers throwing mouth guards for
fan of the laced tirades they are hailed
for their passion competitive spirit etc
expound on that please yeah you know I
just had a piece go up on usatoday.com
talking about this because when you look
at any pregame sports montage for any
championship type scenario there's
flashes of intense figures posing
gesturing draymond Green flexing and and
those athletes are celebrated and when
they do that it's called passion right
intensity competitive spirit they are
hailed and celebrated for that show of
emotion the idea that this referee felt
he was verbally abused because Serena
Williams in a very calm succinct
controlled manner pointed out that he
had robbed her of a game is absolutely
absurd how many times do we see athletes
superstars yell spit verbal tirades with
profanity laced that you can't even air
on TV not once the Serena Williams lose
can
trol not once did she lose her composure
not once can you say that anything that
she had said is anyway really
objectionable in tone or in rhetoric
what happened was a complete miscarriage
of justice and a ridiculous funny you
should mention male athletes of behaving
in ways that are you know outside the
box let's go to tennis you know I'm
certainly like gently 'no i have been
watching tennis since i was a kid i love
at tennis love the game watch watch
again and I'm old enough to remember I'm
not the only one on this panel old
enough to remember don't want Jimmy
Connors little Jimmy Connors in the 1991
US Open is from CBS Sports here's Connor
screaming in an umpire named David
Littlefield
here it is in case you didn't understand
what he said he said you are an abortion
exclamation point and it's this is a
little bit of context for him from the
Guardian it soon became clear that
Connors had perhaps gotten a little
carried away with his own underdog story
I'm out here playing my butt off at 39
years old and you're doing that get your
ass out of the chair your ass off the
chair you're a bum near a bum remarkably
Connors was not sanctioned for the abuse
which included Littlefield being called
an abortion among other things the
reason the umpire chose not to report
him one more exhibit let's give Exhibit
B and that would be also left remember
one John McEnroe who was famous for his
outburst him possibly in your wildest
dreams think that ball was in
I mean this is a double standard of epic
proportions I'll go to Kwame first and
then Jamil you know it's interesting joy
on this is that you showed the connors
clip you showed the mcenroe clip we also
know andre agassi carried on in this
fashion and there is a double standard
you know there's wider latitude given to
typically two white males within the
sports community and given them the
ability to basically say what they want
and not be sanctioned I know as a black
male you know I have to modulate you
know the base of my voice or how I
approach a situation or move into a room
just based on my size and my color and I
know that that's something that I can
definitely emulate and feel the pain
that I see that sarena has in trying to
address these issues I know that serena
has been an advocate for female pay
equity she has been an advocate for you
know making sure that women and working
moms are recognized and so I continue to
stand behind her and support her and
realize that we are in this you know
double standard conundrum that you know
we really have to work through know
absolutely in Jameel not only now but
this particular guy mr. Ramos Carlos
Ramos has been down this road before
back in 2016 and this is according to
Larry Brown sports in May of 2016 at the
French Open Ramos asked Venus Williams
to tell her coach to stop giving her
hand signals Venus defended herself and
said she wasn't cheating or looking at
her coach the video of that looks almost
remarkably like what happened to her
sister yesterday right and I'm just
trying to imagine during the Superbowl
Tom Brady being penalized for yelling at
a ref and having the the ref then put
three points on the board for the other
team
that's essentially what happened here
okay you'd see in the one of the best
player potentially best player in the
history of tennis being treated as
though she as though she is you know
somebody who's you know out of control I
saw the headlines that said she melted
down lots of and
that is a complete misunderstanding not
only just a black anger but black
woman's anger specifically and I really
wonder if we're not allowed to express
ourselves in the field of battle so to
speak in on the court on the sidelines
it where in fact can we be angry and
that's the question that comes out of
this situation for me and this is
broader I mean women in general right I
mean you know we were having this
conversation about Elizabeth Warren in
the in the green room I mean in the
makeup room is that you know people will
chemically New York aren't even heard
she's like a mom like this is a grey
right but any kind of expression of
anything other than dainty femininity
Serena Williams was told she couldn't
wear her cat suit even though he's
wearing it because she has pulmonary
embolism you have to put on a pretty
dress and be freely you're playing a
power sport in which men are allowed to
emote but women are supposed to be
dainty this is a woman who's been called
a gorilla there's been demean for a body
force by Jason Blair to a horse who's
been you know ashamed for her body what
hasn't happened buton right well she
boycotted for years I had the n-word so
she has a lot of reasons to be angry but
I thought she was quite control she
curse at him right she should threaten
him right she well she expressed herself
she stood up for her in a way that so
many black women have to do every day
and that's why you get emotional I
viscerally felt that moment because I've
been in that exact situation where
something happens to you that is wrong
you try to stand up for yourself and in
the moment you get a little emotional
because you're trying to keep your
emotions in check so it actually makes
you more emotional in at the moment as
we saw with Serena yesterday and again
joy it's not just women in the context
of sports it's women generally when
you're walking down the street and a man
tells you to smile because a smiling
woman makes everyone feel comfortable we
can't actually just have no expression
on our face I'm told all the time to
smile or that I look mad if I'm not
smiling but maybe I'm just thinking
about something that's not happy right
um how do you know that I mean I think
there's a double standard for women
where we have to be ladylike in every
situation even when we're in the highest
levels of competitive sports and also in
our regular and ordinary lives right and
I think that that has to stop
particularly when it comes to black
women because often times were deemed
angry
we're not even raising our voices yeah
I've been called hostile when I haven't
even raised my voice yeah and so I think
that you know there is a racist and an
ugly history of to this but in this
particular moment in 2018 we have to
call it out name it just like Sarina did
yesterday and say that hopefully the
next woman does not have to go through
the same thing yep Kwame you're trying
to get in and yes early and I would add
to what you say an entire corollary into
the current Supreme Court hearings I
know senator Kamala Harris yes judge
Cavanaugh the question you know can you
think of a single instance where you
know the federal government has the
power to regulate a male a man's body
and the the judge responded I cannot
think of a law like that so if you think
of the same situation within sports
within business you know we're not
regulating the way men behave we're not
regulating the way they they conduct
themselves and so why is this you know
different from a Supreme Court justice
or any other venue we have to figure out
a way to level the playing field so that
everyone is judged and allowed to bring
their passion and their full selves to
work and by the way can I just say that
this judge also ruined the moment from
is Osaka this young girl's got one two
years old playing her idol very quickly
I'll let you bellacourt get back in on
that because it was ruined for her as
well well and it was remarkable that you
know in these moments facing potentially
a record achievement Serena Williams had
the presence of mind to still go out of
her way to try to make that moment as
special as she could for Osaka having
that restraint having that presence of
mine I can't imagine any male athlete in
that situation having the presence of
mind to do that they would have stormed
out knocked over Gatorades they would
have been breaking bats over hitting
things in the locker room and she stood
there poised generous a true champion
and tried to do everything she could for
Osaka and for the sport that she belongs
to
she knew the scrutiny that was gonna
befall her she knew she was going to be
the subject of unfair sexist comparisons
and she kept it together and embodied
exactly what you would want from a
champion she did herself and it was just
amazing I can't believe she had that
composure yeah that moment between them
I mean I thought it was it was really
wonderful sort of a moment of women's
solidarity that was that was really
lovely of Jebel yes I mean I think so
often women especially black women are
coached to apologize in moments when
they
been wronged and so I think that that
actually seemed like the most natural
moment you know of course Sarina was
going to be gracious so often women are
forced to or compelled to be gracious in
moments in which they have actually you
know been the offended party so I think
that what she did for that young woman
was she saw the future of her sport last
night on the court opposite her and she
wanted to make sure that she did not you
know stoop as low as the umpire did and
violate the spirit of that sport yeah
and and I wonder even as far as the
rules you know I don't know if anybody
in the panel knows this whether or not
because there have been previous I've
really rafael nadal had problems with
this same guy you know if there's some
way that it can be prevented from
officiating it they're matched before
well you know I'm gonna do in this
segment I'm gonna and I'm gonna give the
woman the last word yes I'm gonna give
their Lena the last word on this because
I do think that you know we're talking a
lot about sweida there's bit twitter has
been pretty vicious to her right and
it's been interesting how it's broken
down along some racial lines and gender
lines about the way that she behaved
right but I'm wondering if there's
anything sort of teachable moment I hate
to use that don't sort of try TV terms
yeah but is there some teachable moment
we look at the language use being too
being too used to describe her behavior
she melted down she lashed out it's
always about the very aggressive
behavior of the black woman and not the
behavior umpire additionally though I
think there are a lot of white men
majority of white men in my mentions
right now saying well she broke the
rules this is the perfect example of how
rules are arbitrarily applied depending
upon the person to which you are
applying them to we see this in criminal
justice all the time
there are rules and the umpire chose to
apply them in a different way to Serena
Williams because he felt hurt because
she demanded an apology and a woman she
shouldn't do that so he needed to put
her back into her place and that's why
this was a moment that was sexist
because he would not have done that if
she was a man
what's that Billie Jean King get the
ultimate last word that was the
penultimate Lascaux get Billie thinking
the actual last word when a woman is
emotional she's hysterical Billie Jean
King the legend the goat tweeted and
she's penalized for it when a man does
the same he's outspoken and there are no
repercussions Thank You Serena Williams
for calling out this double standard
more
voices are needed to do the same and you
can add a codicil on that you're not
supposed to know the name of the umpire
they're supposed to be quiet and silent
and not make themselves the story you
did that so looking at Curt to bill be
back with us Kwame Jackson we'll see you
again thank you very much and now up
coming up next Trump's favorite news
network is falling down on the job its
job of protecting him from bad news and
make him feel awesome more on that next
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
