have you discussed Muller or his
investigation with anyone at Casa wits
Benson and Torres the law firm founded
by mark castle its president Trump's
personal lawyer be sure about your
answer sir well I'm not remembering but
if you have something you want to are
you certain you've not had a
conversation I got anyone at that law
firm has witness Benson yes or no I need
to know the I'm not sure I know everyone
who works at that law firm Casa wits but
Cavanaugh's responses to questions about
the Muller investigation are very
important considering that if confirmed
he could soon be weighing in on
decisions about say whether the
president has to respond to a subpoena
from mr. Muller and yet those answers
are pretty hard to come by on Wednesday
Kavanaugh couldn't or wouldn't answer
senator Harris senator Harris's very
simple question about whether he
discussed the Muller probe with anyone
at the law firm founded by Mark Kazu
it's a lawyer who represented Trump for
more than 15 years by the next day
Cavanaugh remembered that he does know a
Kazu 'it's Keswick scales with attorney
partner ed McNally but still flatly
denied discussing Muller with anyone at
the firm Katyn is back with me and join
me now Jill wine banks former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor and MSNBC
contributor Malcolm nads a little bit on
this point there's a great piece by
John's store at the editorial board on
Friday that says the following this has
come through for my producers it says it
looks like Cavanaugh did not want to say
under oath that he has a close
friendship with an attorney working for
the firm representing the man who'd
given him a one-in-a-million chance to
rise to the summit of law because saying
that he had a close relationship with an
attorney working for the firm
representing the man who'd given him a
one-in-a-million chance to rise to the
summit of law would look bad well
speaking of look bad let's go to cut one
crime producers and this was on Thursday
the moment when Cavanaugh finally
answered this very simple question did
you ever talk to anyone in this firm
here it is it's simple yesterday no
what's the file about his investigation
and are you referring to a specific
person I'm referring to a specific
subject and the specific person I'm
referring to is you now the who was the
conversation with you said you had
information that is not the subject of
the question sir the subject of the
question is you and whether you were
part of a conversation
writing special counsel Muller's
investigation the answer is no chill
wine banks what did you make of the
struggle that Cavanaugh had for two days
to answer that question obviously it's
very suspicious and it does not look
good for him as a lawyer I would love to
see the evidence that Kamala Harris has
and confront him with it
and make him answer it in light of the
evidence that way you really have a
provable case against him I think there
are a number of clues that have been
provided throughout these hearings by
Cory Booker by Senator Harris by many
others and just by his writings and
other issues about which he has had to
testify and his opinion to me on
executive powers is of the most concern
based on my background in Watergate yeah
absolutely let me listen let me let you
all listen to Senator Kamala Harris
talking to reporters on Thursday about
these exchanges with Brett cab and I'll
take a listen do you know of a
conversation that Brett Kavanaugh had
with the Kazakhs law firm they have good
reason to believe it was a conversation
are you basing what are you basing that
on
information that I received is pretty
reliable I asked him a clear question
and he couldn't give a clear answer so
Malcolm danced a comely heresy they
prosecutor and obviously a pretty good
one she so it was it was interesting
listen to her the way that she
questioned him she seemed to be trying
to get him to be equivocal about whether
he had this conversation and again it's
important because that law firm is
representing the president in a case
that could come before the Supreme Court
so is there now a genuine concern that
what we're seeing here is Donald Trump
attempting to seat his own jury
essentially on the Supreme Court as a
prelude to defying a subpoena knowing
that he put a man in place who will
defend him on that matter and on the
Supreme Court
I think rushing the the Cavanaugh
hearings is a good example of Donald
Trump trying to rig the system to be
quite honest and I find it fascinating
Senator Harris's questions as Jill noted
just a moment ago she has something in
her pocket she is very very well aware
of some sort of conversation so people
who have that sort of intelligence they
don't even bother to ask the question
unless they already know the answer
right
that's fundamentals of law 101 but I
think she also knows what the stakes are
and the stakes are as Donald Trump is
trying to create a Supreme Court that
will get him off and he's always
operated this way and so rigging this
system you know packing the Supreme
Court with someone who won't recuse
himself if the question of Trump and
Russia comes up that's absolutely
fascinating and the worst part is it is
the beginning of the destruction of the
third branch of government we've already
seen the executive has already been
corrupted the the Congress has been
corrupted and now if the Supreme Court
has done we're just the third world you
know potentate and and I should correct
that the cabin of a firm the Catholics
from represented Trump doesn't represent
him now but I went to that very point
Katyn here is Senator Booker making
another point that kind of amplifies
what you've just heard from Malcolm
dance which is when Brett Kavanaugh got
on Donald Trump's the Supreme Court list
in May of 2016 then candidate Trump put
out his first list of potential Supreme
Court nominees you weren't on that list
then in May 2017
something incredible happened Robert
Miller Muller was appointed by the
special counsel to investigate any links
and coordination between the Russian
government and the Trump campaign and
then President Trump what's our third
list of nominees and your name is on
that list does it trouble you that it at
least the appearance of it - John stores
point Katyn the appearance is that
Donald Trump is trying to stack the
court in such a way as to ensure that he
cannot be held accountable if Robert
Muller finds him guilty or finds him
finds that there's evidence that he
colluded with Russia or committed
obstruction of justice I'm not sure joy
that certainly Cavanaugh judge Cavanaugh
was gonna be confirmed and we have the
numbers there there I'm not sure that
two justices are going to be able to
control the supreme court that have been
appointed by Donald Trump about five I
mean you can assume we've always been
able to guess most of most of the time
how four of the justices would vote
right the only swing vote was Kennedy
you know how you you can assume what's
gonna happen on a lot of the time the
court has become quite partisan and so
that you can make the assumption that if
you've got four that are already
probably gonna go Donald Trump's way he
only needs one more and that's Cavanaugh
isn't that a logical assumption I can't
make that assumption I mean I've got to
give the Supreme Court justices some of
their due I mean they are justices you
take them at their words certainly maybe
it seems partisan and as Republicans we
we we are all in favor of these nominees
especially judge Cavanaugh
I mean so if Hillary Clinton were
president we might be having the same
conversation on the other side but wait
one second before you finish that Kaine
I'm gonna let you finish but if Hillary
Clinton were president members of your
party I want to say maybe including
Lindsey Graham said they would hold a
Senate Supreme Court seat open
indefinitely to prevent her from ever
being able to see the Justice so we
don't have the same thing happening on
the other side when President Obama was
still in office within about a year left
to go on his term Mitch McConnell said
he's not allowed to see the Supreme
Court justice will we even talk to
Merrick garland Republicans have not
applied the same standard they have
decided they seat the justices and
Democrats may not well I agree with that
point we did hold up that nomination
election
was looming and I agree with that but I
also have to tell you that that both
Kagan and Sotomayor got Republican votes
look and especially my Senator Lindsey
Graham who really drew five or six
qualified a primary people to run
against him because of his statement
that he could not vote against them
because they were qualified and he went
that way certainly he didn't agree
politically with them but if we're gonna
talk about stacking the Supreme Court
President Obama put two pretty pretty
solid liberals on there also so I mean
let's let's let's let's do a wide brush
across what the Supreme Court looks like
now where these nominees or where these
justices are coming from well you know
Jill wine bags I think a lot of people
are very concerned about Cavanaugh
because there is some indication that he
might not have always been truthful in
previous Minoo hearings before Congress
this is from Senator Patrick Leahy
Patrick Leahy
this is from the Washington Post on
Friday so the Kavanagh was not truthful
about democratic documents Leahy said
Friday that Cavanaugh was not truthful
when he denied knowing that he had
received documents and Leahy said had
been stolen from him and other Democrats
Leahy said that emails disclosed during
Cavanaugh's nomination hearing this week
buttress the case that Cavanaugh knew or
should have known that he had received
documents at Republican staffers took
from a computer jointly shared with
Democrats there were numerous emails
sent to him they made it very clear that
this was stolen information including a
draft letter from me said Leahy mr.
Cavanaugh denied previously that he
believed that roe v wade was settled law
then he says on the stop you know
testifying this week today yes it is
settled ah why shouldn't the American
public conclude that the Supreme Court
is just a super Congress now it's just
partisans it's Republicans we're gonna
always vote are and Democrats are always
going to vote deep and why should they
trust a Cavanaugh is any different well
they might be able to draw that
conclusion but we should stop them from
having the power to allow that to happen
because first of all we do not have
Supreme Court justices who have lied or
dissembled and that is what this looks
like here also his refusal to recuse
himself if a case comes before him
on the subject of Russia gate or Trump
gate and he should recuse himself not
only because he was appointed by the
president but because he has expressed
opinions on it and if Kamala Harris is
correct then he has also had
conversations with the president's
lawyers about it and all of those are
grounds for him to have to recuse
himself so that is really a problem and
the discussion you had about whether it
would be a 5-4 vote is actually it's
important but it's important if we just
have one vote against because in the
Nixon case it was a unanimous decision
and it is widely believed that one of
the only reasons the president obeyed
the order of the court to turn over the
tapes was because it was unanimous so if
it wasn't a unanimous decision
if Cavanaugh were the single vote
against it the president now might use
that as an excuse not to comply with any
Supreme Court decision and that is a
danger and give us in your view Malcolm
on what is the danger here if in fact
Donald Trump the endgame here is that he
is not gonna comply with subpoenas in
his mind at least believing that
Cavanaugh will back him up you know it's
just terrifying to ponder I mean I'm
sitting here in Philadelphia where all
of this started where all of these
systems were put into place and the
belief that we are a nation of laws and
that no man is above the law and now we
have to consider whether a President of
the United States is putting in a
Supreme Court justice in order to fix
this system it's just impossible and if
this is the case then we may have to
consider that we might have a Supreme
Court where justices in the future who
work for a corrupt president might have
to be impeached but let's a coke to God
we never go there Caitlin and Jill are
gonna stick with us Malcolm Anse thank
you very much appreciate your time this
morning and up next a showdown over
documents at Kavanagh's confirmation
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
