it did not start with Donald Trump he is
a symptom not because he's just
capitalizing on resentments that
politicians have been Fanning for years
these are extraordinary times and
they're dangerous times
but here's the good news in two months
we had the chance not the certainty but
the chance to restore some semblance of
sanity to our politics good morning and
welcome to am joy well he's back on
Friday President Barack Obama delivered
the moment Democrats and let's face it
many in the world writ large have been
clamoring for coming off the sidelines
to take on his successor by name Donald
Trump the man who rose to political
prominence with a racist lie about
Obama's birth the man who has made it
his mission to dismantle every policy
President Obama put in place including
your health care and a man who is seen
as so unstable so erratic and so even
dangerous members of his own
administration are secretly working
against him the man who in every word
indeed is the diametric opposite of the
44th president here's a bit more of
President Obama's speech I complained
plenty about Fox News but you never
heard me threaten to shut him down or
call them enemies of the people it
shouldn't be democratic or republican to
say we don't target certain groups of
people based on what they look like or
how they pray we are Americans
we're supposed to stand up to bullies
not follow them
we're supposed to stand up to
discrimination and we're sure as heck
supposed to stand up clearly and
unequivocally to Nazi sympathizers
how hard can that be saying that Nazis
are bad
just minutes after that speech Trump
offered this response I'm sorry I
watched it but I fell asleep I found
he's very good very good for sleeping
around tip is set for later today when
President Obama hits the campaign trail
in California the battle as they say is
on
joining me now Dean Obeidallah host of
the eponymous Dean Obeidallah show on
Sirius XM Tara Dowdell business and
political marketing consultant
Republican strategist Katyn Dawson and
Kerry's Jean Pierre I love saying it
like this don't fear senior advisor from
moveon.org thank you all for being here
friends okay well great panel to discuss
this I'm gonna start here at the table
Tara I think for a lot of people was
just cathartic to see President Obama
and hear President Obama but it also
seemed to almost be a seminar and how to
be president he was laying out things
that should not be controversial
you should condemn Nazis one shouldn't
say the media is the enemy of the people
these are things that but for Donald
Trump would not even be controversial
exactly Obama is the hero that Gotham
needs right now and Donald Trump is
literally and this I'm not the first
person to make this observation
he's like Bane in the Dark Knight Rises
he's like Bane dividing people pitting
people against one one another so there
is no starker contrast between a person
to contrast with Donald Trump than
President Barack Obama there's no better
contrast and I think that that contrast
is what is going to be make him most
potent because I think people may have
forgotten that we had a president who
was centered who was a balance to was
rational
there was sane who appealed to our
higher and better morals yeah and so I
think that that was important the other
important from just a purely campaign
perspective a purely political
perspective is that President Obama has
the ability to command the news cycle
yeah and Democrats needed a voice that
could command the news cycle that could
deliver a clear and concise message drew
that could cut through the noise that
goes at the choice that people have in
2018 and President Obama was the right
messenger for
yeah absolutely Annette and since Bain
has been invoked Dean I have to start by
saying welcome to your liberation now
moving on let's play President Obama
talking about the kind of paranoia and
resentment in the country and I'm gonna
get your thoughts on the other side the
politics of division and resentment and
paranoia has unfortunately found a home
in the Republican Party none of this is
conservative it's not conservative it
sure isn't normal it's radical it's a
vision that says the protection of our
power and those who back us is all that
matters even when it hurts the country
this was a campaign speech it was
designed to lash Donald Trump to the
Republican Party who let's face it they
want to be tied to him they follow him
absolutely no matter what he does but
this was a speech intended to tell
people hey if you have a problem with
Trump you better look at that whole
party can I just first say watching
President Obama brought my blood
pressure down like 20 points it was
calming it was a lot of my happy place
of contrast Trump where he's aging me
look at me I'm 23 so the contrast is but
there's another contrast to not just
that but the day before Donald Trump
gives a speech in Montana and tells his
supporters why you should vote there why
because if you don't vote I'm gonna get
impeaching about him President Obama
yesterday said our democracy depends on
you voting and went through a litany of
issues from criminal justice reform to
gun safety to the me to movement that
what a great contrast between Donald
Trump it's all about him even why you
should vote to President Obama yeah and
there's no doubt that Donald Trump is
the GOP and the GOP is Donald Trump and
I love the fact that President Obama
laid out those key issues plus the
economy yeah which is such the big thing
that right runs on he goes what economic
miracle there's been 96 months in a row
of job growth and just quickly two quick
stats with unemployment's come down
about six points in the last ten years
ten years five under President Obama
right an african-american unemployment
with Trump loves to claim responsibility
it's come down 10 points in the last ten
years nine of that 90% under President
Obama one point under trumpet he wants
to claim the responsibility and that all
the accomplishments of the black
president we try to do legite o mais and
demonizes for years he wants to
so opted President Obama's economic
legacy Kareem but at the same time
demonized the man I mean that's kind of
been his MO right it's almost like sort
of his you know his first lady who's you
know it's a brilliant line at the at the
Republican convention was Michelle
Obama's line right and they're sort of
co-opting Obama's it do you think that
this kind of a speech during the Obama
presidency particularly on that issue
did Dean just mention on the economy
touting the economic comeback might do
you do you wish that uh President Obama
had done that then so that people in
their minds would always be crediting
him rather than Donald Trump being able
to sell them on the idea that that ten
points of you know unemployment coming
down he gets credit for all ten rather
than one right well I let me just first
say it was nice to see a president who
can give a speech using complete
sentences and not lie every third word
it was nice to be reminded by that
watching President Obama and the other
part to when you were talking about
Donald Trump saying or showing that clip
that Donald Trump didn't pay attention
to the speech or fell asleep whatever it
is that he was saying I mean he's
obsessed
Donald Trump is obsessed with Obama
everything that he does or has done as a
president has been to undo what Bhama
has done and it's because Obama is a
complete direct rebuke of trump and
trumpism look yeah do I wish that you
know we would have talked about the
economy a lot more during his presidency
sure but he actually did I remember very
early on in the presidency we talked
about where we were with the economy and
what Obama was able to do with the
stimulus package and how we were trying
to move the economy forward but that's
not what what folks wanted to talk about
remember what Republicans were doing
they were blocking everything trying to
obstruct there was the tea party and so
that really all of that was what was
being put out there and so now he's able
to come back and do something that is
abnormal right no president normally no
president does this talks about their
predecessor in this way but but
President Obama's
say something and the symbolism between
behind what we saw yesterday 60 days to
the election he's in University of Iowa
at University Iowa hundred miles where
he announced 10 years ago and he was
receiving an ethics and government award
it couldn't be any more of a contrast to
a president Donald Trump who who bear
hugs of dictators and wants to have
authoritarianism part of his part of his
administration yeah to that very point
because it is true and President Obama's
an institutionalist this isn't I was
surprised that he did it in a way
because he is the person who does
believe in the institution so for a
former president to come out swinging
against the current president it is
pretty unprecedented but we're talking
about your party cadence I want to let
you in here and Karine just made the
point about hugging dictators which
President Obama made made that very
point in his speech let's listen to a
little bit of that that's cut three
they're undermining our alliances
cozying up to Russia what happened to
the Republican Party it's central
organizing principle in foreign policy
was the fight against communism and now
they're closing up to the former head of
the KGB actively blocking legislation
that would defend our elections from
Russian attack what happened you want to
answer that question Kate well I
certainly let the president answer most
of those questions but what I'll tell
you is that the president Trump ran
against 15 pretty qualified Republican
contesters for the presidency and what
the Republican base and we understand
our bases wanted was somebody who wasn't
a politician and that's what we got and
he won the majority of the counties in
America and now he's governing with the
president coming off the bench it's
interesting for us I'm fairly thrilled
about it especially in red states where
we've got some seats that we could lose
president Trump is will be a motivator
for the Republican Party and the
President Obama will be a motivator for
the Republican Party to come out much
like the Democrat Party has already
energized Democratic fries and they're
gonna and they're going to vote against
Donald Trump so right now to have
president come out and do what he's
doing and talk about his legacy he's
leaving that ten trillion dollars worth
of debt he left when he left president
which that's what Republicans are just
put a trillion dollars in tax cut debt
on the books but wait before we go any
further you said something in answer to
the question what happens a Republican
Party well Donald Trump one isn't that
kind of a it's kind of damning right and
Republicans are elected as leaders in
theory so you're having congressional
leaders you have leaders in the house
that said it so what you're saying is
that when a certain person wins the
presidency right even if that person is
extreme and doesn't follow any of the
mantras that the party supposedly
believes in they're supposed to just
dutifully fall in line that sounds to me
like what you're saying is what happened
is all of the elected Republicans are
simply quislings because Trump won so we
need to just follow him dutifully yes
sir yes sir yes sir that doesn't sound
like leadership so why should people
vote for Republicans if they're just
followers well well the difference is I
wouldn't say just followers when the
when eight when anybody wins the
presidency they do get the apparatus
Joey they get the Republic of the
executive branch not of the legislature
branch is a co-equal branch of
government what you're saying
essentially is that they must act as if
they are employees of Trump because he
watered why can't they they are they
have the right to govern in their own
right right they do in a lot of them are
my senior Senator Lindsey Lindsey grant
Lindsey Graham does what he can to help
the president when he can and and there
that there you'll never find the
Republican Party all get along much like
the Democratic Party is not going to get
along in the present progressive wings
not Google long with the moderate wing
but at these times I mean there is there
is so much going on there's so much news
we've got a very important election
coming up we've got all the
investigations and all the confusion so
you know now that Obama is coming out
certainly he's a fresh face that the
Democrats need to see because they have
been leaderless I mean in and if and if
they follow Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth
Warren down the progressive trail that
they're going with some of these
nominations I mean if I was a Democrat
I'd be really happy to see the president
out there delivering a pretty feisty
message and that's what he's doing let
me come back to the table just a minute
I'm gonna play
what President Obama said about the
Department of Justice and have a
question on the other side for the table
point it should not be a partisan issue
to say that we do not pressure the
Attorney General or the FBI to use the
criminal justice system as a cudgel to
punish our political opponents or to
explicitly call on the Attorney General
to protect members of our own party from
persecution a prosecution you know Dean
I heard on another network Donald
Trump's it did desire to use the
Department of Justice to go after his
political enemies are on another network
described as as if he thinks he has his
own KGB right and you have people like
Lindsey Graham who was invoked by my
friend Kate and Dawson who do absolutely
nothing who say well you know if he
wants to fire the Attorney General I
guess he wants to I am confused as to
how it is that because Donald Trump who
is new trade for any politician we've
ever had because he is president why the
co-equal branch of government the
Congress must then fall on their knees
and become and put on butler uniforms
and begin to serve him tea I don't
understand it and and you shouldn't
understand it and no one should because
it's wrong it's not political it's not
normal it's wrong Congress is mandated
by the Constitution to be a check on the
president they're not you know what the
answer is 59 days from today it's
Judgment Day for our nation judgment day
that's what election day is if you want
a congress that's gonna do their jobs
gonna be a check on Donald Trump not his
worst instincts like a few people on the
White House but on his policies there's
only one thing to do let's vote
Democratic on November 6 get out there
win the house so we can have a check we
kind of hearings for hit impeachment we
have congressional chairs so can have
hearing after hearing into self-dealing
into corruption into abuse of power by
this president and if we get the Senate
that ends any more nominees that Donald
Trump and the right might want for the
Supreme Court so there's only one way
get out and vote as President Obama said
yesterday battle my Dean's latest op-ed
is about the fact that the Senate used
to be they didn't used to be an elected
right they use did not be in the
position of having to bow to whatever
the base of the party is like I say or
now basically just the house service I
mean ain't no with in a sense Kate and
dogs have just made the point that they
are essentially just the house they're
just whatever Trump wants yes sir yes
sir yes sir it's a y vote then keep him
there the first branch of government why
vote for them but I think the the other
issue is that the Republicans in many
ways are
lockstep with Donald Trump the the
race-baiting that's gone on that didn't
start as President Obama laid out
there's not start with Donald Trump
there was race-baiting way before Donald
Trump Donald Trump tapped into it
because he saw it as a pathway for
himself to leverage the other thing is
breaking the back and set of Obamacare
of the Affordable Care Act sabotaging it
taking away health care from people
taking away people's ability to not be
discriminated against because they have
a pre-existing condition like being
pregnant all of those things the
Republicans want giving tax cuts
disproportionately in massive numbers to
wealthy Americans are things that
Republicans want so I think that a lot
of what Donald Trump is doing is
actually in conflict to what he
campaigned on he campaigned on being for
the workers and the only people that
have benefited under this administration
are wealthy people and Donald Trump and
his family and Republican donors and
maybe then what he's exposed at the end
of the day is that the the Republican
Party and he are an absolute lockstep so
that if you do like Donald Trump it the
members of the House and Senate he's not
doing anything they don't like would
have a no matter what you feel manner
they don't like his manners yeah but
they like well more than that the abuse
of power there okay we're keeping the
whole panel the can't be whole panel
will join me again later in the show up
next the Supreme Court confirmation
hearing with interruption twist
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
