it did not start with Donald Trump he is
a symptom not because he's just
capitalizing on resentments that
politicians have been Fanning for years
a fear and anger that's rooted in our
past but it's also borne out of the
enormous upheavals that have taken place
in your brief lifetimes Democrats have
been saying they need him the left has
been saying they need to hear from him
and so today they did within the 60-day
window until the midterm elections today
the last president reappeared and came
out swinging in his attack of the
current president and what we call the
new normal it happened during an
hour-long speech at the University of
Illinois I complained plenty about Fox
News but you never heard me threaten to
shut him down or call them enemies of
the people it shouldn't be democratic or
republican to say we don't target
certain groups of people based on what
they look like or how they pray we are
Americans we're supposed to stand up to
bullies
not follow them
which we're supposed to stand up to
discrimination and we're sure as heck
supposed to stand up clearly and
unequivocally to Nazi sympathizers
how hard can that be saying that Nazis
are bad
President Obama also offered stinging
criticism of what's become of the
Republican Party they're undermining our
alliances cozying up to Russia what
happened to the Republican Party its
central organizing principle in foreign
policy was the fight against communism
and now they're closing up to the former
head of the KGB actively blocking
legislation that would defend our
elections from Russian attack what
happened on cue President Trump
responded to Obama's speech today during
his own remarks in Fargo I'm sorry I
watched it but I fell asleep I found
he's very good very good for sleeping
with us tonight to talk about all of it
Lonnie Chen a senior advisor to the
National Republican Senatorial Committee
also happens to be research fellow at
the Hoover Institute and former
presidential campaign adviser to both
Marco Rubio and Mitt Romney among others
and Jonathan Allen veteran journalist
and author currently our own NBC News
national political reporter Jonathan you
get to go first only because I want to
ask you based on your experience
he went after Trump by name were you
surprised
I was a little surprised usually former
presidents aren't willing to give up the
halo effect of being out of office to
essentially risk their popularity the
memory of their presidency by getting
back into fights with with the current
president it's deeply unusual but we
live in unusual times and as you
mentioned before President Obama has
been getting a lot of pressure from his
left to engage in this fight I think
it's important to remember that Donald
Trump won the presidency by beating
Hillary Clinton in a lot of counties in
swing states that Barack Obama had won
he has better standing in a lot of those
places than any other Democrat right now
so there's a lot of pressure on him to
speak up and I think some of the things
he said look
he put it it shouldn't be that hard to
say Nazis are bad I'll even take that
you know that really brave step and say
Nazis are bad I hope I don't get any
blowback people criticizing me for
making an opinion there but I think we
live in sort of deeply unusual times and
obviously he felt he wanted to stand up
and say something now you're gonna see
him on the campaign trail it'll be
interesting to see two presidents at the
same time on the campaign trail because
we haven't seen that at least in terms
of the most recent president campaigning
during while they well the current one
is Lonnie we should say something here
and that is when forty four got elected
forty three did the usual classy
president thing and said I'm gonna keep
my silence and hang back and enjoy
retirement I'm quite certain that forty
four in criticizing forty five it was
not an easy decision for him what else
did you find notable today well it could
not have been an easy decision because
it was clearly not something it was a
break with tradition I thought the other
thing that was interesting was how
aggressively President Obama tied what
President Trump has done to the
Republican Party and this is really an
effort to aimed squarely at some of
these voters that are moderate
Republicans or maybe convince' belen
dependence the theory being that those
individuals are the ones that are going
to are going to swing this election in
November now the challenge with that
theory of course is that midterm
election electorates traditionally have
been base electorates it's about getting
out the Republican base of the
Democratic base and this appeal really
is something that I think will energize
Democrats yes but also Republicans again
of the ideas they can get enough
independent support maybe they can win
in some of these marginal districts hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
