what a week it's been but now it's time
to fall back I am joined by alia Shawkat
the actress and artist known for her
comedic role as maybe in the popular
Netflix sitcom Arrested Development
you're allowed to have a couple hours
off you don't see me nervous about being
on my third Virgin Mary why would you be
nervous there's no alcohol in a Virgin
Mary
there is it this is unbelievable can I
get a virgin pi√±a colada when you get
chance now I will get things started
she's now showing another side starring
in the movie blaze directed by Ethan
Hawke gonna be a big country star and
also with us boxes Liz plank nice to see
you guys who needs to fall back who
needs to fall back I think that the
attention around these new avatar kind
of computer generated models on
Instagram that I've been noticing lately
there's something wrong with it it's an
art project that they've designed these
computer generated models and millions
of people mainly younger people follow
them and I think it's messing with some
form of reality
you think it's messing with our minds
yeah lots of things are these days but
there's something about it that people
believe it too much in the know Millar
defending it more than you know having
real conversations this is a fallback
but this is also I think news because
some of our viewers are gonna say wait
okay if you're a parent at home your
kids are using these social media sites
like Instagram and they're following
accounts they think are people that are
actually just like BOTS right and then
they think the bots have you know I
don't I don't know if they are actually
looking at something and believing it to
be a real person but they defend this
person and would do you know would
follow whatever this person's instincts
are or what they would tell them to buy
or what they would tell them to do so
then they become like the you know
people are looking up to these these
robots it's like yeah who do you have
for a fallback well you know what needs
to fall back toxic masculinity so
there's a
new ad that I keep seeing all around New
York City and I'm sure it's in other
cities across the country it features
Michael Phelps therapy helped change his
life exactly and we just we don't talk
about the gender therapy gap which is
real thing women are much more likely to
actually seek therapy than men and we
often talk about the fact that women
have more mental health issues but women
talk about their mental health issues
more than men but men certainly
experience a hold
Wow wide range of you know mental health
problems and for someone like Michael
Phelps an accomplished athlete
what is he six foot ten you know super
tall very quote/unquote masculine
traditionally you know with those
standards for him to open up and say
that he you know help that therapy it
changed his life and it really helped
him I think is a really great message
for men to hear I have a fallback as
well and I think it's an important one
and it's Senator Susan Collins who runs
as a pro-choice candidate who told
voters that's what she is and then you
see as this abortion fight plays out in
Donald Trump's nominee to be on the
Supreme Court she suddenly changes her
tune and says oh well maybe basically
I'm okay with this and by the way if you
run as being pro-life and you support
that then you're being honest with
voters but if you run as being
pro-choice and we're learning just this
week late in the week the judge
Cavanaugh was privately telling the Bush
administration well roe v-- wade is not
that settled and could be overturned it
seems to me like she needs to fall back
from claiming she's really pro-choice if
she's gonna cast a vote if she's gonna
make her career about this kind of this
kind of choice Liz right my favorite
thing was comma Harris just you know
asking during the hearings can you think
of a single law that regulates the male
body and you know him it just happened
on not being able to name a single a lot
why do we have laws it's so simple right
why do we have laws that regulate or you
know sort of control women's bodies when
we don't would never do the same thing
for men they don't want to control them
no because they want to control women
right yes and also the fact that it's
still a conversation is so upsetting
especially in our country but I mean the
fact that also a woman herself can be
changing
her tune on something that's so strong
as if it's just yeah some kind of law
that that involves like taxes or
something we're talking about our actual
bodies here right and you're talking
about something that is for many people
a very significant choice that again the
Supreme Court had said is their choice
so if you're going to change that yeah
let's be honest about it under oath and
in our politics Oh Liz thank you for a
very special fallback Friday hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
