who's on the moment front tonight George
papadopolis the first Trump campaign
advisor to be arrested in the
investigation is now heading to jail but
late this afternoon a federal judge
sends the former campaign adviser to
what 14 days
who gets 14 days for anything aboard Air
Force One president Trump sought to
distance himself from him let's listen
se Papadopoulos today he's gonna be I
don't know Papadopoulos I don't know him
right so I'm sitting in one picture at a
table with me that's that's the only
thing I know I don't know I don't know
nothin anyway Papadopoulos pled guilty
to repeatedly lying two FBI agents and
since the Special Counsel investigation
was actually launched mower has indicted
or secured guilty pleas now from 32
people and three companies that that's
332 people indicted so far for more I'm
joined by Julia Ainsley
NBC News national security and justice
reporter and Greg Brower former rub us
start both of you know this story put
this just give me a sense show against
up in County I needed to do this how
does it pepper topless guys this young
guy 29 years old with his pictures him
at that meeting then the firm says had
never met him an area said at the
meeting house he fit into the Russian
whole thing so he really fits into what
kicked this off in the first place we
understand that he had some kind of like
drunken conversation with an Australian
diplomat and that could be one of the
critical things that kicked off the
investigation into this possible yes
this in particular because he was
offered dirt from this professor and US
and the UK myth sued for dirt on Hillary
Clinton and he apparently went and spoke
to the Trump campaign not only did he
offer that but he also offered a meeting
perhaps between Trump and Putin so he
was definitely someone who was trying to
use these connections as a young person
to get ahead in the Trump campaign but
what is not clear is who took the bait
who actually decided to go forward she
one day I don't know if anyone at all
sessions was apparently the one who
seemed interested in what Papadopoulos
was proposing in terms of a hook up with
the Russians and he's
also the guy who later recused himself
and that's why Trump so furious at him
he was the one who wanted it stuck his
nose into it and he's also anyway on his
way to North Dakota today president
Trump once again denied any contact with
Russia let's listen to the president
I did that meeting
Gregg let me ask you about this sentence
I guess most people wonder about an
eight well let me look at this first
however last week Papadopoulos lawyers
said Donald Trump had approved of
efforts to set up a meeting between
Trump and Russian President Putin during
the campaign according to a sentencing
memo the lawyers wrote eager to show his
value to the campaign George announced
at the meeting that he had connections
that could facilitate the foreign policy
meeting between mr. Trump and President
Putin while some in the room rebuffed
George's offer mr. Trump nodded with
approval and deferred to mr. sessions
who appeared to like the idea of a
hook-up and stated that the campaign
should look into it this is pretty close
to the bone here well that's a sensing
memorandum in which Papadopoulos as
lawyers were trying to hopefully get a
lighter sentence for him which they
managed to achieve in large part there's
no transcript of that meeting the
Attorney General has denied that that's
the way it happened
there's no quantity get Perdue sense why
do you only get two weeks well I think
it's twofold I think the special counsel
one with respect to the sentencing
because they were asking for some jail
time and they got it I think
Papadopoulos one in some respects
because he didn't get very much jail
time but I think in large part the judge
felt that Papadopoulos was remorseful
and also probably didn't completely buy
into the government argument that
Papadopoulos has missed statements were
attended to significantly undermine the
investigation I think that's key here
it's not that it was cooperation and any
piece in fact they cancelled the
cooperation interview with Papadopoulos
because they found out he was talking to
reporters but it seems that the judge
thought he was very remorseful he said
he wanted a second chance and really the
government only asked her 30 days here
that was the sentencing given to
Alexander vanderzwaan
the lawyer who was also indicted for
lying to the FBI in the Moller probe so
they got about half of that I know it
seems like a lot less when we're talking
about Paul manna for looking at 10 years
but the charges here are very discreet
and then a lot of times a judge says
someone wouldn't even go to jail then
you may know this more for lying unless
they had a criminal back but did his
lying to the ages allow this agent to
escape they were going to try to grab
the the professor
yeah and it looked from a former
prosecutors perspective I think
everybody who's ever prosecuted a case
would like to see someone who lies to
agents get more time than 14 days but
again he did get some time so that's a
win for the mother team the judge just
apparently thought that he didn't
deserve more time than that but he gave
must have given him something what are
you giving no I don't think that's
necessarily the case I don't think we
know that I think that he was actually
someone who it seems that the sentencing
is not reflective of any cooperation and
the Moller team actually got pretty
frustrated what they have from
Papadopoulos is tons of emails and texts
they know exactly who bit on that date
that he was offering they don't need
Papadopoulos cooperation to get those
answers and I would also say Chris that
if pop adopts Papadopoulos his
cooperation was significant and ongoing
you would not have seen a sentencing
today it would have been postponed as
the Flynn sentencing hasn't aged thank
you very much nuance here I thought
we're two weeks meant nothing but
apparently it means two weeks
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
