right now Susan page Washington bureau
chief for the USA Today sure Michael
Singleton's a Republican political
consultant
Omarosa Manigault Newman is of course
former White House staffer an author of
unhinged a huge bestseller and insiders
account of the Trump White House by the
way congratulations because you've
turned out to be the first whistleblower
you were a head of Bob what we're doing
ahead of this person by the way who do
you think wrote the op-ed I think it's
somebody other Pence's office and I
suspect it might be Nick Ayers
why would somebody write an op-ed piece
do they want the 25th amendment to take
effect
that's an office well they're in the
position of benefit if in fact the 25th
amendment is enacted and if Trump is
removed from office the clues are in the
op-ed and which are trees when it sends
a word wage falling if he leaves however
indicating whether it's by impeachment
or by the investigation or if he's not
reelect it so you don't believe that by
the vice president he denies
responsibility for this I actually
believe the vice president he denies it
but the style of the writing reminds me
of minerals and documents and emails
that came out of the Vice but do you
think you still think it's one of his
staffers absolutely Thank You Susan you
talked about I just want to get to
something really big because you you've
got so much simplice you write the top
of the poem USA Today the one newspaper
read all over the country and you see in
you having an analysis piece in today
which basically says this president's
got a real reckoning coming to him right
now I think there is a sense of storm
gathering you know just during the past
week the McCain funeral the op-ed in The
New York Times and the Woodward book
together paint a very consistent picture
for the president and lays the
groundwork for what I think is the big
event to come which is the molar report
and what robert molars you have any tiny
sense on that yet I don't I mean we've
we've all believed that he would try not
to interfere in the midterm election
which means develop that report either
relatively soon or months away day after
the election sure Michael what do you
make of the president using the New York
Times and the writer this article and
then the airing times of being a traitor
I'd ready to go to the country all he
said was what does it mean and I don't
think the president knows the definition
of treason to be quite honest with you
because if he does I would ask the
president where's the treasonous act
where did the treasonous act
but what I do think is very telling
about this is that it's very obvious
that whatever is going on internally
within the administration is all because
of Donald Trump he's the leader he has
set the tone and it's very telling that
those individuals who he selected to
work with him on behalf of him and the
people who voted for him don't trust the
president but I do think those
individuals need to have enough courage
to come out and say who they are because
not I'm worried about the price I want
to get back to the president here and I
want to embrace I wouldn't ask you about
this the fact that the president thinks
upon a person who doesn't like him as a
traitor to the country how's that
mentality developed what's that mean to
say about Trump he's already had this
extreme level of paranoia and I'm
telling you this is the state he this is
triggering all of his worst fears and
it's going to make him go around and
hunt down this person in the White House
in the agencies and it's not a good
precedent do you think something that
Susan you think there's a hundred a man
hunt or a woman hunt or whatever they're
looking for the guy that ate this frozen
strawberries er yes I think I think the
president is pretty determined to try to
to find out who the author is
that doesn't mean he'll be be able to
because for one thing I don't think you
can necessarily believe that just
because someone denied they were their
author that they were not in fact the
author and if you think it's possible
we'll find out pretty soon but you think
about back to deep throat it took a
couple decades before we were certain
who deep throat was although they turned
out to be a pretty boring guy you know a
wasn't somebody as exciting as a White
House staffer but this was very much
like primary colors when I served in the
Clinton administration there was
something very similar to this they were
trying to figure out who wrote primary
colors and they found out by doing a
writing analysis so I think you know he
told me didn't write it he told
everybody didn't write then he wrote
anyway it appears that behind the closed
doors of the West Wing itself the
presence unable to distinguish friend
from foe right now according to the
Washington Post White House officials
are not only disavowing the op ED
they're attempting to prove their
loyalty to the president√≠s in Oval
Office Huddle's yesterday nicely
Thursday White House chief of staff John
Kelly national security adviser John
Bolton press
there is Sarah Huckabee Sanders and
senior advisor and son-in-law Jared
Kushner among other aides tried to
convince the president that he could
trust them and others in his inner
circle they argued that the author was
probably a lower level employee
according to a senior official you're
laughing over there but I don't like the
unit big-time journalists like you are
you out there trying to figure this
person is and and you say the
president's trying to find out who it is
are you guys track by the way new york
times reports these tough guys like
Michael Schmidt and the rest of them I
assume they are keep going I think well
I think we would like to know who it is
and I I think one other thing I think it
is a brilliant move by this White House
that we are worrying about who it is and
not what this person said but I thought
they're trying to change the subject
they don't like no Sir Michael they say
the president somebody put out a
statement yesterday saying don't think
about who did it I think it's hard to be
Sanders didn't you know like I do think
to Susan's point is far more important
what's actually written in that article
and there's a line in there or the
individual rights that they're trying to
help the country if you will by making
sure the president doesn't commit
disastrous acts well I wonder and I
would argue that what we've seen so far
has been pretty disastrous so if there
are other things like whatever President
Barack Obama says what you guys in the
White House defending us against 10% of
this crap when 90% of it's happening
thanks to you guys in his first campaign
remarks of 2018 former President Barack
Obama today warned voters not to take
comfort in the sentiments expressed in
that Times op-ed here he goes the claim
that everything will turn out okay
because they're people inside the White
House who secretly aren't following the
president's orders
that is not a check I'm being serious
here that's not how our democracy is
supposed to work these people are
elected they're not accountable they're
not doing us a service by actively
promoting 90 percent of the crazy stuff
that's coming out of this White House
and then saying don't worry we're
preventing the other 10% number s is
that true that the people in the White
House feel morally superior because
they're keeping Trump from doing a tenth
of the damage worse than he is doing
well the president throughout ten
percent I would have to venture and say
that there was more just in the time
that I serve damage control absolutely
in the time that I served he would have
these dangerous impulses and the op-ed
said his most dangerous impulses just
they were not just ignoring any order
the president's giving but when he says
let's blow up this country because he
doesn't like something that the leader
of that country said then of course the
staffers are going to push back and they
should
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
