it's becoming increasingly clear that
Democrats do have a realistic path to
retaking the Senate in November it's
still a narrow one Democrats are
defending nearly three times as many
seats as Republicans but it could happen
there are eight toss-up Senate seats
this year according to our friends at
the cook political port three are held
by Republicans Arizona Nevada in
Tennessee
Barbara held by Democrats Florida
Indiana Missouri North Dakota in West
Virginia to win control of the Senate
Democrats will need to win seven of
these eight races go ahead and add Texas
if you want as another Senate seat in
Republican hands that we're keeping an
eye and it certainly going to be
competitive polling averages show
Democrats are either ahead in these
states or keeping the races very tight
the biggest Republican margin here is
just four points and that's Ted Cruz in
Texas by the way if Democrats did win
Texas they're clearly winning control of
the Senate now flipping the Senate would
have a much bigger impact on president
Trump 2020 the future of the Republican
Party
then just flipped in the house that
would really show Republicans that they
even lost in places that President o
Trump easily won two years earlier
join now by Charlie cook editor of the
cook Political Report and an NBC News
political analyst you know charlie it
the calendar changed to September a lot
of news organizations like ours also
said hey we're gonna go in the field
check where things out we've all come
out of the field this week there have
been probably public numbers in five or
six states private numbers you and I
have heard about it's competitive
it's amazing you look at the map and you
say Republicans ought to be picking up X
number of seats but then you look at the
political in my environment the
atmospherics and you say gosh this is a
wave and and as I don't actually I don't
want to cheat because you've got a chart
coming up but these toss ups don't split
down the middle
I mean you have close races and wherever
that last gust of wind they tend that
the dominoes tend to go one let me put
this up one party tends to win most of
the toss-up seats you guys have done a
lot of this analysis 2016 in the GOP
five of the last seven toss ups 71% to
the GOP we have in 2014
Republicans won eight of the nine toss
ups so that was an 89% rate 2012 eight
of ten you keep going down each and
every time it's an 80% 70 to 90% so we
get
the same way and it doesn't matter
whether it's a wave or non wave here
right right right right and it's just
wherever whatever the last of the events
of the last few days or whoever it's got
a little bit more energy and so they
don't split down the middle and that's
what that's what makes me so nervous if
it was just the geography it was just
the map sure it'd be simple
I always you're your Senate editor
Jennifer Duffy and I had this riddle
where like if the Democrats win 40-plus
House seats how do they not win the
Senate right we've been struggling with
that with that and yet you look at the
geography is that it like can you
imagine a scenario where Democrats won
40 House seats in Italy and didn't win
the Senate this map I mean you'd think
but the thing about it is it's like
we're having the house in the Senate are
happening in two different countries or
two different years and just completely
different dynamics but having said that
you know let's say if Ted Cruz is only
winning by a point or two or loses then
you're talking about congressional seats
you're talking about state legislature
that Republican turnout right is through
the floor and Democrats are going way up
and and to me the difference between a
bad night for Republicans and a really
really bad night is if the Republicans
who are not tea party and who are not
white evangelicals if the ones that
aren't those two groups just don't show
up boom that's where the bottom falls I
own did some quick run through some some
Senate seats we did three polls this
week and some of the key red states I
first I want to go to Indiana we showed
a six-point lead for Donnelly this was a
pretty Republican poll overall it showed
a generic ballot and I was waiting for
the pushback from Republicans I didn't
get any there's a lot of concern about
micron in there well the thing is
Republicans weren't sure who they wanted
in the primary they kind of didn't want
but once they got him they it was like
well this guy ran a pretty good primary
they figured the Cain's not from
Washington and he had you know so they
were actually fairly happy with it but
they miss it money are they just
surprised he's lacking punch what do
they thinks missing here I I think it's
the atmospherics that that actually be
interesting if you kind of looked adults
register net you know and just start see
if the more likely you get the know
that's what we've noticed and some of
these Republican states the likely or
the voter is suddenly leaning left that
that's something we have found out here
Missouri not a surprise this is dead
even I guess my question to you we have
at forty seven forty seven is that her
ceiling I mean that's the open question
here right what is Claire McCaskill
ceiling and a red state like mister
probably the thing is early on there was
a lot of disappointment on the
Republican side about Josh Holly there
was this feeling that he was an
underperformer and Republicans would
push back a little bit and say well no
it was great ensues Greitens at night
they were glad it sounded like they were
using that as an excuse this was the
governor that ended up having to he was
that probably was the case and that
probably was holding them back and once
that kind of got out of the way this
race tightened on not Tennessee you were
on Tennessee earlier than most you
thought build Phil Bredesen had not lost
his juice some Republicans had been
saying no no no Tennessee's no longer
competitive even with Phil Bredesen
he has held up and held up strong the
amazing thing in our poll it's his
personal favorable rating that's
propping him up yeah and the thing is
what politicians are that popular still
60-plus yeah Nashville when he was
Nashville's a great story and he was
mayor of Nashville Tennessee is fiscally
pretty right but half the people there
weren't there when he was gone I mean
though the thing is it's you know a lot
of that area has grown so much with new
people but it's it's the memory or I
mean a and also I I think Marsha
Blackburn is I mean she is going to be
an underperformer a Republican ought to
get here she's gonna get here a Radisson
will get above what a Democrat close
enough right and this is my larger
question here if when we're looking at
the Senate playing field and you look at
the Republican recruiting and you look
at the Democratic recruiting it seems as
if in almost everywhere
the Republicans got their second or
third choice and in almost every race
Democrats got their first choice yeah
maybe yeah maybe oh yeah I mean they I
always feel like they fit like they
could have done better in West Virginia
they feel like they could have done
better in North Dakota they feel like
they could have done better in Tennessee
but I think that it reflected a
nervousness about president Trump and a
nervousness about how's this gonna go I
mean like to get out there and put
yourself forward in a political
environment where your guts telling you
this may not end well so I I'm not sure
I would blame the recruiters as much as
at the end of the day it's Trump's
environment yeah yeah I mean the these
things they're referendum presidents and
I mean it's that's the beginning in the
end of it and I was just gonna and this
one's a referendum ahead on steroids you
know no Charlie cook take care very much
always fun to do some Senate races
everyone so well in the Trump era we
actually get to do campaign pause hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
