a little bit about running a West Wing
with Bill Daley who was a White House
chief of staff under President Obama mr.
Daley good to see you sir nice to you
chuck so I want to talk to you as an
executive not as a Democrat or a
Republican but as an executive you've
you've been a CEO and a of a major
fortune 500 company and a White House
chief of staff first of all why does
John Kelly still have a job I mean it
because this tax has gone rogue yeah
well but the president's role from
everybody else so look at those chiefs
of staff senior staff all reflect the
president and this president seems enjoy
not only chaos confusion and outright
sort of craziness and it starts with him
so why is anyone surprised that there
may be an indication of disloyalty or
confusion or chaos in this White House
it's it's kind of after almost two years
we ought to understand that this is who
he is no no no that I get but I guess at
this point if they're to me our doubts
of who's in charge does the president
need who's in charge
I don't well don't don't you think he
needs to figure out a way to make sure
people know he is know because if you
look at his career I mean he's in charge
in his little world of the White House
in the Oval Office and in the Twitter
he's in charge of Twitter his Twitter
account and then in his world that's the
most important part of his job is sort
of his personality and how he projects
himself and not the results of whatever
the government's doing or policies or
strategies so it's a look at this is all
very kind of sounding crazy because this
is a very unconventional and a very
different sort of operation starting
with the president all right let me let
me just gotta get used to role know that
I hear you I mean I trust me it's it
every and every anecdote only seems to
confirm a previous anecdote right but do
you if you were in this position would
you feel that
was a must to find out who wrote this
op-ed if you were having a White House
down do you feel like you need to find
that out absolutely I think you look at
I have no insight at all it would seem
to me sure New York Times would not do
this without the confidence of knowing
this is a very senior if that cabinet
level very very senior person in the
White House not some you know third
level down or whatever and I'd want to
know it and I think there's a real
reason to know who this person is for if
you are the chief of staff the White
House for sure there's been some talk I
guess Rand Paul who I thought used to be
a libertarian calling for lie-detector
tests and the president thinking about
it and the last time lie-detector tests
were were brought up I think was during
the Reagan administration right I know
it sounds crazy but I understand the
paranoia if I were the President on this
so would i but I do think lie detector
test is it extreme it George Shultz who
was the Secretary of State at the time
said he'd quit if somebody thought he
was going to take a lie-detector test
but look at it just highlights the sort
of extreme nature of this sort of revolt
by someone who must be awfully senior in
this administration and but more
importantly what they're saying in that
op-ed and if it's reflected with other
people other than one maybe disgruntled
learn unhappy senior person if it truly
is representative of a number of people
who are in this administration and in
the government charged with and not only
implementing the government presidents
programs but implementing on behalf of
the American people that is a terrible
damnation of this administration and
this president one of my favorite Haley
Barbour quotes is good gets better and
bad gets worse morale wise I got to
assume that the morale in this West Wing
obviously is a mess nobody's going to
trust each other what would you do as a
leader to try to restore at least some
trust among staff with each other
look at I think you'd I mean this you're
right this is an extremely difficult
situation I would try to obviously build
a esprit de corps but if you're the
chief of staff and the president can't
build that there's no way that chief of
staff can and I think part of this is I
don't think the president even though he
ran a business that he said was a major
institution it wasn't it was a one-man
operation basically what he said went
well that's not what the government is
that's not even what the White House is
so that's got to start with the
president and I don't think he's any
reason to believe he's going to change
and John Kelly's got an almost
impossible task or whoever else whether
it's Jared Kushner Ivanka Kushner
Kirchner whoever it is trying to instill
loyalty of a group of people who right
now are questioning each other at the
most senior level of our government look
it's pretty clear to me that John Kelly
doesn't have the full confidence of the
President
if you didn't have the full confidence
of the president would you walk yes so
it is yeah I get I get the story that
you know he's there to save America or
whatever but come on let the president
have let's say that's the president I
have someone who flexes now if John
Kelly is agreeable with all this
craziness then he ought to embrace it
and and I'd love it and defend it and go
further with it all right final question
before I let you go
your last name's Daly you're the only
one that hasn't been mayor of Chicago
with the last name Daly what do you
think I got two other I got two other
brothers and three sisters so thank you
a lot of you huh there's a lot of us
what would convince you to run what
would convince you to run the the Bears
beat the Packers Sunday night all right
so there is it done deal if the Bears
Bears beat the Packers you're running
for mayor I didn't say that I thought be
a big factor in this all right Chuck
take care of so Wow
suddenly someone wants the interview and
the interview a little bit early
former White House chief of staff Bill
Daley good to talk to you good to see
you and let's go Packers like to use all
right hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more beat the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
