President Trump now reportedly hell-bent
on uncovering that anonymous senior
administration official working for him
but against him the president again
going after the author of that
extraordinary New York Times op-ed in a
Fox News interview that aired this
morning folks here may have seen an
anonymous column written in The New York
Times
on you as an attack on the people that
voted for you who did it and what should
be done if you find out who did it well
number one the time she'd never done
that because really what they've done is
virtually you know it's treason you can
call it a lot of things but to think
that you have somebody in all of the
cabinet's so many people as you know
they came forward they're writing
editorials they're all saying you know
it's got to be at a fairly low level
because so many people today I was just
coming out and I see all the people that
are saying such great things we have a
lot of love in the administration and
the White House is truly can I just say
one thing to you
that premise that an attack on you mr.
president is an attack on the people who
voted for you not what was in the the
letter is just the opposite somebody who
feels they're working on behalf of the
American people and the institution of
the presidency 100% and that person is
saying the person who you voted for
is not serving you the American vote
it's good press to say that an attack on
me is an attack on you that's just not
the case here know what the president's
great yeah no he's good at the
well-oiled machine by the way and the
White House continues its hunt for the
anonymous author the New York Times
reports White House officials have been
directly asking cabinet secretaries if
they are responsible the president made
a reference that and outside adviser
tells The Times they've come up with a
list of 12 suspects by our count more
than 20 cabinet officials have come
forward to say it wasn't me
two people notably not on that list
chief of staff John Kelly who hasn't
responded to requests for comments and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions who
referred NBC News to the official White
House statement calling the writer a
coward just because they said it wasn't
me doesn't mean we're telling the truth
and Sarah Sanders went on yesterday on
Twitter giving the phone number of the
New York Times saying the media was
obsessed with the identity of who penned
this op-ed the media is very interested
but Sarah please share that phone number
with your boss
regardless Elyon Conway by the way just
come out and said it wasn't her
regardless of did
her husband trolls the president a lot
if it were her husband he would probably
admit it the White House is discussing
every option now as you just heard the
president referred to to root out the
author according to The Times Republican
Senator Rand Paul suggested forcing all
Trump administration officials to take a
lie-detector test people close to the
president have also talked about forcing
senior officials to sign a sworn
affidavit that could be used in court if
necessary
now the op-ed only added insult to
injury this week because new excerpts of
Bob Woodward's upcoming book fear told
largely the same story of a president
who's ill-equipped for the job and as a
result the Washington Post reports quote
Trump's mood this week has varied from
volcanic anger to disappointment and
it's showing on his Twitter feed this
morning indeed it is the president
tweeting the Woodward book is a scam I
don't talk that way I don't talk that
way the way I'm quoted if I did I would
not have been elected president these
quotes were made up the author uses
every trick in the book to demean and
belittle I wish the people could see the
real facts and our country is doing
great
let's bring in Jeff Mason White House
correspondent for Reuters and net price
former spokesman for the National
Security Council and an MSNBC national
security analyst net I want to start
with you because the president has
implied that this is treason the the the
op-ed the anonymous op-ed and he's also
suggested that it's a national security
issue and that the New York Times needs
to turn over the author immediately
because of that talk to me about this I
we don't know who the person is we don't
know how much they know but the op-ed in
and of itself
I've spoken to experts who say that's
First Amendment protected it's not
treason
well absolutely Ally I mean the treason
charge is really laughable on its face
treason has a very specific legal
definition that remains punishable by
death
in this country I think this is what
Trump consistently does every time he
wants to get his way and it's an uphill
battle any other way he'll cite national
security just look what he did to John
Brennan revoking his clearance look at
how he justified the Muslim ban look at
how he has justified the transgender ban
look at how he has even bailed out the
coal industry every
citing national security and that's
precisely because the president under
his article to authorities granted by
the Constitution has tremendous leeway
when it comes to national security much
more so than when it comes to domestic
policy but you look at this op-ed and
you actually read the substance the only
national the only time national security
or foreign policy is implicated is when
this author is actually praising
praising the Trump administration's
response to Russia making the point that
yes Trump might say these crazy things
but you actually look at our record and
were pretty tough on Russia so I think
Donald Trump despite what he has said
has a very uphill battle to make a
national security case out of this okay
Jeff I want to go through if this really
matters if it matters to the GOP if it
matters in terms of midterms and votes
because President Trump's policies are
great for corporate America and the rich
a group that didn't support President
Trump to begin with the same group that
behind closed doors or even publicly
says yes he acts like a buffoon ignore
his tweets and what President Trump does
with his base is stoke culture Wars and
that's what gets them excited and his
base believes that all of this is
nonsense so while we say this is so
massively important from a getting
reelected standpoint from a midterm
standpoint from a should Mitch McConnell
care standpoint does it matter
well I think it's a fair question and I
think it probably doesn't matter in
terms of how it will affect the base and
how it will affect people who get out to
vote in fact it could potentially drive
people to the polls if people are who
are supporters of President Trump listen
to what he said last night which was
basically an admonition that if you
don't get out and vote in November then
it would be that failure to do so that
could lead to my impeachment so you know
it's it's hard to say that any of the
the sort of major developments that
continually happen with president
Trump's presidency that cast him from
from critics point of view in a negative
light that that that will ever have a
massive impact on the people who voted
for him and continue to support him
because for the same reasons that you
were just articulating a lot of the
policies that he has been able to get
through with
helped in Congress such as the tax
reform as such as the Supreme Court
we're seeing Brett Kavanaugh hearings
this week are things that his base wants
and that's not going away Jeff I want to
ask you about something at Omarosa
Manigault Newman tweeted this morning
she speculated actually she didn't tweet
but she speculated about what she put on
Twitter let's listen I put up some names
on my Twitter not not to be coy or
anything but I suspect it
I put Johnny to staff know up I also put
up bill Stepien
who is the political director for the
Trump White House and then I put up Nick
Aires and I put a poll on my my Twitter
and everybody chose Nick Aires who is
out of vice president Pence's office I
went back through some of my emails and
some of the documents that came out of
the vice president's office and I have
to tell you that this op-ed is very
similar to the style and the
communication that comes out of his shop
ok these names are not household names
interesting how she points the vice
president's office though some have
speculated on that because of the word
loadstar that was used something that
the vice president uses you think
there's any merit to that today that was
the first time we saw Mike Pence break
with the president he never does in his
support of Jeff Sessions right you know
I I think it's interesting that amorosa
was with speculating but it is just
speculation and I think it also bears
mentioning and she's sort of referring
to that and you did to by the fact that
these are not household names the use of
the term senior administration official
can apply to a whole host of people in
this administration and in previous
administrations you might imagine that
it's somebody in that the cabinet level
or a senior adviser but in the
journalism community we and and if
frankly in the administration they use
that term and we use that term to refer
to people who aren't necessarily who you
would consider to be super super senior
so this could be any sort of individual
with obviously some access to the West
Wing and to the President and to the
people who are around him but it's
impossible to tell without getting a
little bit more information how senior
this senior administration this senior
administration official is
net thanks to both of you for joining us
this morning and of course you know
Omarosa is almost as good at the
president getting pressed so I think she
knows there's a moment in which she can
offer up some information or tease
everybody a little bit so she's using it
that's what they do
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
