I don't know about you but the judges
that Lisa judges that I spent my 20s and
30s around you ask him a question about
a case like that and if they're me they
would know did you ever talk about the
Mahler investigation the most important
investigation going on in America judge
with a lawyer in a law firm that
represents the president of United
States every judge I've ever known would
say this would be the answer no of
course I wouldn't I what even the
question is an insult to the integrity
of most judges and yet Brett Kavanaugh
and I'm not you know I I'm just dating
what every lawyer knows Brett Kavanaugh
takes in two days to figure out whether
he had an extraordinarily inappropriate
conversation with somebody in the
president's firm lawyers are very very
careful about their contacts with judges
and vice versa
judges are extraordinarily circumspect
and they are equally careful in talking
to lawyers and in my questions to him
yesterday he acknowledged knowing only
one lawyer at that firm at McNally
but equally important he was ambiguous
and evasive and equivocal in stating
whether he discussed the special counsel
with anyone in the White House and I
asked him specifically about his
potential conversations on the special
counsel he said I never had an
inappropriate conversation but he
wouldn't be more specific about what he
has discussed on the special counsel it
likewise he evaded questions about
whether he pardon the president he
refused to say that he recused himself
even though he's been nominated by a
president who obviously is in an
unindicted co-conspirator I asked him to
say that he would not sit on issues
involving the president's personal
criminal or civil liability he refused
to say that he would take himself off
those cases
he refused to say that he would enforce
the subpoena against the president which
is more and more timely in light of the
president's increasing resistance to
this investigation senator it's willie
Geist so I know you have concerns about
judge Cavanaugh's views on presidential
power but this specific question here
about whether or not he spoke to an
attorney at the castle its law firm
about the mauler probe could loom large
depending on what happens with the
Muller investigation what the outcome is
whether it comes from for the Supreme
Court in some shape or form do you think
this is a question worth pursuing
further in other words would you look to
get documents from the Cavs with firm
and see if there was an email or a phone
call that was made at some point we need
those documents if they exist and we
need to search for them to make sure
that we find them and they are probably
among documents that have been withheld
from us if they do exist and we need to
pursue them I am doing so through a
funeral Information Act request that
I've filed we may need to go to a court
to enforce it next week and certainly it
ought to be pursued and you're
absolutely right the mark Casto it's
firm is front and center in this
investigation senator before we let you
go quickly want to ask you about what
Rudy Giuliani has been saying over the
last day or so with regards to the
Muller investigation whether or not the
president will submit to an interview
whether he'll do it through written
questions whether he'll allow a
follow-up interview after the written
questions do you believe as you watch
all this that the President and Bob
Mahler in some shape or form will sit
down with one another or at least talk
through the written word Rudy Giuliani
has moved the goalposts repeatedly
saying what the conditions are what the
time and circumstances are in setting
for any potential conversation more and
more I'm of the view that there needs to
be a subpoena that would have to be
enforced and that's why this nominees
views on presidential power and his
doubling down on the idea that the
president can refuse to enforce the law
nullify it in effect even
unconstitutional even after it's upheld
by the courts and refused to obey a
subpoena
more and more alarming at a time when we
face this impending constitutional
crisis because of a president who is a
moral and on board but you think Muller
will talk to the president at some point
he has to talk to the President to
credibly complete this investigation
there's no question about it
all right Senator Richard Blumenthal as
always thank you so much for being with
us Thank You senator a lot of concern
right now among Democrats in the Senate
that Cavanaugh would vote against Robert
and all are being able to compel the
president to testify I'm gonna say I
find it hard to believe though that John
Roberts a man who who believes his duty
his responsibilities to protect the
institution of the Supreme Court would
yield so much power to the executive
branch and you wouldn't have John
Roberts and perhaps one other Republican
appointed judge compelled the president
testify under oath when when he's a
witness subpoenas delivered to him well
Joe I don't want to scandalize your
knowledge of Washington yeah but I think
the Moller part of these hearings that I
was down there for a couple days has a
lot more of the politics than the law
the roe v wade conversation has a lot
more of the law than politics in that
what this hearing has a earth is that
you have someone who was giving private
very pro-life advice to a pro-life
administration which underscores that he
might be a pro-life judge and people can
decide whether that's good or bad that's
why we have a democracy and vetting on
the Moller part there is far less
evidence that he would be radical in the
way in that way because there just isn't
much evidence at all there's a lot of
you article that's fascinating there's
evidence that I think of some
partisanship shocking that a political
judge who is appointed by the term
administration has some partisanship but
to your point we just don't know and I
think we have to be fair about that and
then you look at the balance on the
court I think that if you had a Clinton
like situation that went with a grand
jury subpoena to the court it would be a
big case but I think there's a lot of
reasons why the court might want to rule
backing up US v Nixon that no press
it's above the law I find it hard to
believe they would not write what
Kavanagh will act upon of course we
don't know but certainly I could tell
you that the Trump team the Giuliani
camp believes they're very confident in
this their sort of they have said
repeatedly and again it's another effort
to sort of perhaps even taunt and all
there they're looking for that subpoena
there there that's a fight they of
Giuliani has told me that they would
welcome that they believed that they
would win on legal merits and that
predated the Cavanaugh pick and
certainly they've only grown more
confident since well despite the fact
though David Ignatius said it was Rudy
Giuliani himself who said during the
Clinton impeachment that no man is above
the law and if you were subpoenaed you
have to answer that subpoena and testify
you know the the the way in which
Giuliani says has played this almost
defying the the Muller and the courts I
think it has to offend Chief Justice
Roberts everything we know about him
shows that he takes the court of the
courts role seriously I must say in all
the Cavanaugh hearings the thing that's
bothered me most was his refusal to
criticize Donald Trump's remarks in
particular about about Justice Ruth
Bader Ginsburg where he says in a tweet
a couple years ago our mind is shot we
remember that neil bortz during his
confirmation hearings very specifically
said he thought trump's comments about
the judiciary were disheartening yes he
did couldn't have been more specific and
that's what has not done and that bugs
me well it actually it's it's like
watching Paul Ryan or some of the
Republicans on Capitol Hill where
they're pretending that something isn't
happening when you get a question Susan
that is so obviously connected to
today's events and can the part of
President pardoned himself obviously
obviously Cavanaugh knows what he's
being asked about and it's it's
frustrating to watch him dodge and I
worry about a loyalty oath I mean I
can't imagine but I wonder I will say in
the age of Trump you can't actually put
anything out of your mind and I
certainly think there's merit to that
but I also think when we look at this
hearing it really seemed like it was
certain senators looking for their
Spartacus moment yeah
was politicized there were centers who
wouldn't meet with Cavanaugh and I
certainly can understand why they have
problems with him but that at the same
time this just seemed like a political
exercise more than ever before even more
than yoga it was it was a political
circus and I I do want to follow up on
something that David said where he said
couldn't believe that John Roberts
wouldn't be offended right by what
Donald Trump is said over the past year
and a half about you know so-called
judges and questioning the authority of
federal judges you know I've talked to
federal judges I've talked to family
members of federal judges who have said
conservative federal judges Federalist
Society type federal judges have been
deeply offended by Donald Trump's
attacks on the in on the Independence of
the judiciary mm-hmm I'll say it again
today
Rudy Giuliani does not want to challenge
the Supreme Court on this subpoena
because he will lose and I don't think
it'll be closed yeah I remember thank
you we'll see you thank you for having
me back in New York yeah all right still
ahead the midterm races are all locked
up in several states that President
Trump won by double digits in the 2016
election we'll dig into the new numbers
next on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
