sket two more news now the White House
continues the hunt for the anonymous
administration official behind that skin
being New York tile it's bad what we've
done it
what did Donald Trump say last night
when he was looking for the anonymous
op-ed writer oh my god you know Jackie
Gleason
I just wow you're so bitching softball
right then I whipped on that one reports
that White House officials have been
calling around asking cabinet
secretaries if they're responsible
really do you guys have maybe better
things to do I'm just asking but it does
help build up the big reveal that is
taking Donald Trump at his own game so
far kept one cabinet official has issued
a denial everyone
hat with the exception of chief of staff
John Kelly and Attorney General Jeff
Sessions referred to NBC refered NBC
News to the statement from Sarah Sanders
that calls the anonymous official a
coward Sanders also denies reports that
aides are printing out and delivering
the denials to the president directly my
god she posted the phone number to the
New York Times opinion desk and urge
people to call in and demand the paper
to reveal the writer Senator Rand Paul
reportedly recommended members of the
administration be subjected to
lie-detector tests and by the way by the
by the way Rand Paul missed mister civil
libertarian we and a principle all them
down as a man of principle and strap
them in and Wow okay there was at least
some discussion about that among the
president's advisors as well they also
reportedly discussed asking senior
officials to sign sworn affidavits that
could be used in court if necessary one
outside adviser tells the paper the
White House has a list of about 12 let's
talk about that so if I mean well are we
talking to this yes I mean if you're the
New York Times yeah and you're the
editor and somebody comes to you with
something like this it's this
significant
it can't be an assistant Tunis
distant right at the national council I
mean he's gonna get to be the vice
president or it's got to be Nikki hailey
or it's got to be the sector for
Secretary of I mean there's only seven
or eight officials that the New York
Times should ever great right can we
expect that if it's not I mean they're
not going down I know Linda McMahon
denied it yesterday but they're not yeah
I mean they're they're you would hope
the times would say it's either maddis
or Kelly or you know that keep it pretty
tight well the term they used again was
senior official in the Trump
administration not senior White House
official so that sort of broadens it out
more than the people you're talking
about who are that close to the
president on a daily basis but yeah I
think you know if they're gonna try to
go find this person and they feel like
they haven't found them yet when you
look at that list of 27 people it starts
to look like if you believe all these
denials it may not be one of those
headliners that we're talking about so
then you wonder and the the editors of
the New York Times were asked on their
own podcast the daily yesterday they
could narrow it down you know what does
it mean to call someone a senior
official and they wouldn't do that
because they thought it would be too
revealing so I guess the answer John is
that we may not know for a very long
time who this person is well I I'm with
Joe about this I think it could be you
there's a key element to this right the
the piece of reporting that's new in
this in this piece the assertion which
is that at an early stage in the
administration that cabinet officials
were discussing invoking the 25th
amendment so any cabinet secretary would
hat would be in a position to know about
that I think you're right that the times
because of the gravity of this would
probably not extend anonymity to a
junior official and nor would a junior
official be in a position to reliably
report in a story like this which is
what that is reporting that that there
had been discussions of that kind so I
think you're talking about logically
someone who's a principal whether that's
a cabinet secretary or a senior White
House official someone who was I mean
I'm not casting the casting suspicion on
someone like I had to the NEC right had
the NSC but you'd have to
for the times to extend I would think
logically they would have to be someone
that senior and it would comport with
the notion it would have to be someone
that ciri that senior to reliably assert
those kinds of discussions had taken
place in the administration that
wouldn't be a junior division what the
Veterans Affairs Department would be
would be no position to know about this
you you would certainly hope not you
would hope it would be one of eight or
nine top officials David heard quite a
few people saying so far that the real
news of this isn't who wrote it exactly
but the fact that a thousand people in
the administration could have wrote it
if you have been in Washington DC like
you know you have and we have a good bit
since Donald Trump was sworn into office
this sort of talk bring very loosely in
elite circles of policy leaders and
officials and journalists from day one I
think that's really the one message is
that all the way we have this list of
denials the very fact though that it's
known that there are many I'd say a half
dozen or more people who have been doing
what this op-ed describes have been
trying to steer policy in a way that it
wouldn't be damaged by the whims and
impulsive decisions of the president
that tells us that the phenomenon in the
piece whatever the controversy about who
wrote it is real yeah and I think that
that in that sense it underlines
something we sort of knew but it just
drives it home Trump said rage at this
is in part the rage against the
government that he has understood I
think for months that he doesn't fully
control yeah and the I think the
question is how much damage this crazy
period Bob Woodward's book quoted
somebody's calling it crazy town you
know living in crazy town after a while
it gets exhausting and disorienting and
that's what Washington has felt like
this weekend you know when he will go
outside you but to play tennis last
night somebody screaming who wrote the
piece you know it's like people are
obsessed with this game if people are
making bets with bookies one online
bookie said he
more than like five thousand dollars
wagered on the names of who might have
written this op-ed piece I mean what up
what a crazy situation crazy and the
question is how we gonna get out of that
by the way that bookie also reports that
Mike Pence is the favorite the odds on
pence who talked about the president's
extraordinary leadership yesterday and
it's just kind of hard to watch I just
say one last thing which is which is to
Willie's point about you made that
you've made this inside the conditional
if these denials are to be believed I
think we all know that denials of this
kind in Washington are utterly worthless
I mean we have watched well how many how
many people have said that we've seen
our careers I am not running for
president I will never run for president
I will serve out my term and then
they're running for president two weeks
later in this White House in particular
in this administration which has been
more promiscuous with the truth than any
administration we've covered I just
don't take any of these denials
seriously not a single on their utterly
me but I actually think these denials
are incredibly important because if you
look at that can we put them up again
the list of denials that have been
issued already whether they were
compelled by the president or
voluntarily put out look at this now
David writes in The Washington Post a
piece about surviving crazytown how to
stay sane in crazy town but quite
frankly if you look at that long list of
denials David it's probably very
possible that the president is looking
at that list and is extremely
disoriented himself because those are
all the people that felt they had to
issue a denial so those are all the
people who it could have been which
means this entire White House basically
doesn't believe in him
thinks he's crazy does not think that
he's able to do his job and now the
president himself knows it because they
had to issue tonight well and David the
president saying that he can only trust
his children now where are they in the
list the and what about Melania really
you know it's just it's a it's an
amazing situation that the president I'm
sure is gonna brew
food stew and the fact that all of those
people basically the entire top ranked
it was of his administration felt
compelled to issue a statement what me I
didn't do it just shows you an
administration in in some disarray now
that the way in which business has been
managed it kind of you know wait until
after the tweet wait for the actual
order you know don't rush into doing
things just because the president made a
comment now that that's been outed yep
what's going to happen and I have a
feeling that you'll see just as in
people rushing to put their names on a
list people rushing to show any whim of
the president yes sir got it right on
that and and that could change the
character of the way the government
works not for that not for the better I
agree yeah and I think that's really
gonna be interesting question going
forward well you know David it's
interesting though that the first bit of
foreign policy news we get after these
revelations is that actually the
president is going to do what everybody
in the foreign policy community believes
he needs to do and he's going to commit
to keeping our limited number of troops
and our presence in Syria as a bulwark
against Iran against Russia against
Assad's regime against Isis
you've been out there let's let's talk
about what an important move that is so
Joey it this really is important our
military in Syria has has been I don't
want to say pleading when the military
doesn't it doesn't plead but they have
believed deeply that we would give up
hard-won strategic advantage by pulling
these troops out every presidential
statement now what do we need this as
has distressed the our special special
forces in particular who were in Syria
and there is now a new policy and it
does have some clarity they chose one of
the most respected diplomats the last
15-20 years Jim Jeffrey to run it
career State Department officer
are sending very clear signals to the
Russians that Turks the Saudis the
Iranians maybe most important the United
States is going to play its hand
differently and this period of kind of
let's get out of Dodge this doesn't
matter that seems to be over at least
for now so there's an example of good
policy being made being made by a group
contrary to the president's initial
instincts he didn't want to do it but he
was talked into doing it and your
official saying Jim Jeffrey said
specifically this morning the Washington
Post I'm confident that this policy has
the support of the president United
States all right let's take a look at
some of the other stories making
headlines this morning defense secretary
Jim mattis is in Afghanistan on an
unannounced visit mattis along with
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
General Joseph Dunford our meeting with
Army General Scott Miller who took over
as commander of NATO troops in
Afghanistan on Sunday president Trump
has yet to visit troops fighting in
Afghanistan nor has he visited any
soldiers in a combat zone ever also
making news this November Americans
could elect more than 100 women to the
house for the first time in history a
race by race analysis shows between 30
and 40 new women are poised to enter the
house next January that would shatter
the previous record of 24 set in 1992 s
year of the woman
currently there are 61 female Democrats
and 23 female Republicans serving in the
House also another big story officials
in five states are investigating
decade's worth of sexual abuse claims in
the Catholic Church attorneys general in
Illinois Missouri Nebraska New Mexico
and New York have asked local diocese
for their records in an effort to
unearth cases that were potentially
covered up by the church the move
follows an explosive Pennsylvania grand
jury report that detailed more than
1,000 victims
accusing priests of abuse we will follow
that and still ahead on Morning Joe Rudy
Giuliani confuses the conversation about
whether or not the president will answer
Bob Muller's questions we'll get to that
plus Cory Booker looks for a moment
during yesterday's Supreme Court
confirmation hearings what was that this
is about the closest all
probably ever have in my life - an I am
Spartacus moment yeah hatch wave in
tweeting quote you know I knew Spartacus
no you know he was he was doing the
whole Spartacus thing will he's saying I
don't care if I get kicked out of the
Senate I am going yeah we're gonna get
this information out it's against all
the rules you got the information out
and then they're like you know we us can
have a to it last night and we released
it the documents were cleared Wednesday
night we're clear day night clear all
right thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
