hi friends so I asked for your questions
about writing on Instagram and I got a
whole bunch of different responses you
wanted to know things like how do you
decide if an idea is good or worth
exploring do you have a write in
fragments and how do you make them all
make sense together
how do you choose what to write from
different types of writing how do you
develop a line of dialogue or an image
into something more and a bonus from
Twitter do you ever think why not even
write this because somebody else has
already written it before and probably
better these may seem like very
different questions but like most things
on this channel they fit together as
part of a larger story but before we get
answering your questions I want to thank
Skillshare for sponsoring this video
Skillshare is an online learning
community with thousands of classes
about things like writing design video
editing I'm pretty sure I saw one about
how to make a grilled cheese so pretty
much everything worth knowing and with
Skillshare premium you get unlimited
access to classes from expert creative
people so you can become an expert
creative person yourself if you want to
give Skillshare a try there is a link in
the description where you can sign up
for two months free of premium
membership so go do that
and thanks Koecher I actually just
finished Roxane gay is Skillshare class
about writing creative nonfiction and
I'm gonna paraphrase her to answer the
whole question about like who gives you
the right to tell a story when other
people might be doing the same thing or
something better you give either right
like there's no reason to not tell a
story that matters to you if you feel
like you want to tell it so here's your
permission slip go but I'm also not a
person who gets in my own head about
whether I deserve to tell my story at
all so maybe it'll help if I talked
about how I decide that something's not
going anywhere or is not worth telling
and what I do instead when you write
about your own personal identities
like I do you'll realize really quickly
that a lot of these things feel really
political and people have really strong
feelings about them and when people have
strong feelings they click on your stuff
yeah you might get hate but it also
comes with hate clicks and on the other
side you have people calling me brave
for mining your personal trauma for
entertainment or talking about existing
outside of the norm in some way and when
you get all that positive feedback you
might feel like you should do it more
and I've done that for sure but it turns
out that trying to find new ways to talk
about like systemic racism every week is
exhausting it's a pretty predictable
media cycle now where a story happens
and then there's immediately the Twitter
threads and the thing pieces and then
the pink pieces flashing back at the
original thing pieces and back and forth
until we all have to have our own hot
take and I realized that when I was
trying to add my take onto this Human
Centipede of content I started just
recycling and repeating other threads
and articles that I'd already read I
realized over time that it's okay to sit
out a timely topic of conversation you
might not get all the likes and retweets
but your stories will always be better
if they're the ones that you feel like
you need and want to tell and not just
the ones that you think you should tell
so here's what I do instead I start with
something that's already lingering in my
head maybe it's something that happened
to me last week or something that
happened when I was a kid or a
conversation that I had or a piece of
art I saw and I think about that moment
or that memory and I stay with it for
awhile I spend some time writing about
it in present tense like it's happening
to me right now I think that makes it
feel more real to me and I tend to
remember more details about it than if I
were trying to like reach back from the
future once I've spent some time inside
that story from whenever it was it
starts to become clear to me why it
still matters to me today and then I
start to build out that context so what
does it mean for my life now what does
it mean
in the current social and political wind
scape that I live in what could it mean
for you often I end up making a
different argument than if I just
started from the context of media
Twitter talking points which also makes
it feel a lot more worth sharing because
an opinion is different from a story a
tape is different from a story and it's
okay to not have an opinion or a tape
but I promise you you have a story and I
hope you tell it so in comments tell me
if you are a creative person how do you
decide when to weigh in or to stay out
of something with your art you can also
leave me more questions about how I make
things and I will try to answer as many
of them as I can
and use that link in the description to
get to three months of Skillshare
premium and also help support the
channel I'll see you soon bye
