hi friends so recently one of our
presidential hopefuls here in the US got
himself into a bit of hot water for
suggesting that psychology majors the
most popular major in u.s. colleges
should go in to their studies just
knowing that they probably have a
fast-food job to look forward to and
that's silly
it also reminds me of a time from last
VidCon I was attending a panel about
education and it was a panel of science
educators it's always science educators
but I forgive you big time and someone
asks a question in the panel about what
motivates them to educate about the hard
sciences knowing that softer sciences or
god forbid English majors are so much
more popular she actually said that like
God forbid English majors with just the
most aggressive eye roll and she their
credit the panel started with like no
we're not okay with you like thinking
you're above the other disciplines like
we don't start it there but comics like
these always scorch my toast and it's
not just because I happen to have been
an English major it's just because I
think they'll be wrong as I see it
people tend to make two really faulty
assumptions when they talk about what
people study when is that what you do
for a job will be directly related to
what you study in school now it's the
illogical that if you study nursing
they'll probably become a nurse and if
you study mechanical engineering you'll
become a mechanical engineer but I think
for most of us it's really not that
simple when I was double majoring in
English and Spanish people used to ask
me if I was going to teach maybe if I
was gonna translate but in the few short
years of my career I've gotten paid to
do a lot of different things writing
editing fundraising marketing strategy
art direction for whatever reason
videography and graphic design and I'm
definitely gonna do like at least a
dozen more things with my career right
most of us do we do far more than one
thing on our career paths evolved an
entirely unforeseen ways I have a
marketing job but I wasn't a marketing
major I worked with people who started
in the sciences and then moved into the
arts and vice
and I know that it comes from a place of
extreme privilege to be able to say
something like study what you love
instead of worrying about what kind of
job it might get you but I also think
that thinking of college is just an
extended job training that thinking that
your your college major has or has to
have any direct relationship with your
subsequent career is also foolish the
other assumption I think we get wrong is
just the general cultural idea that STEM
fields provide inherently more value to
the world than other fields but I'm
someone who used to get paid to help
people write their engineering project
proposals and their nursing
dissertations and help figure out how to
explain these really complex concepts
that they're so deeply entrenched in to
us humanities plebs who want to fund
that work so I know that this binary of
disciplines that we think exists isn't
real science can't get done without
clear concise written communication
there is no art without an understanding
of the natural world there's no
discipline that exists in a vacuum
there's just this beautiful interwoven
spectrum of human knowledge that for
some reason somewhere along the line we
just decided that those things that tend
to attract more women and more people of
color are less important or less valid
or a softer in some way and that just
seems a little suspect to me like I
definitely think we need to get more
people in stem especially women and
people of color but let's stop
pretending that it requires more
strength than mind in any way or that
stem studies are in some fundamental way
different than the humanities because
they're not really so I want to know
what you think why is it that stem tends
to have more weight for some reason in
the professional world were you ever
made to feel less valuable for the
subjects that you chose to pursue is the
thing that you do professionally even
anywhere close to what you studied at
school and of course if you liked this
video you can consider subscribing if
you're so inclined you can also
find me on social medias in the links
book see you next week bye
