hi friend so I feel like every week I'm
trying to slide into my blog like
anything's new place just do your best
yeah but I tried anything again I went
to to dance classes this week too and I
did try my best and I'm not sorry about
it trying to do things and meet new
people when you live in a new city and
work from home is kind of tough so I
found a studio in my neighborhood and I
signed up I went to a West African dance
class which was dope it was the most fun
and they like drummers and I somehow got
invited to a funeral so i think i'm in i
also went to a ballet class which was
like seventy percent more intimidating
and i also somehow i'm like twenty two
percent or sat ballet even though i used
to teach it to children but but I
survived my favorite thing in college
now stay with me what's to go running in
the evenings or the early mornings and
watch for bunnies it should have
surprised me I guess to see all these
rabbits inhabiting this one large patch
of green space in the middle of downtown
Milwaukee but it always did it wasn't so
much that they were there but how they
were there bunnies have kind of a
presence you know you can see the moment
where they hear your foot falls coming
towards them and every little muscle and
their tiny bodies just see this up but
even as you move towards them the
rabbits never moved it look you right in
the eye with equal measures terror and
defiance and just wait for you to pass
them to resume just running around i
guess that same semester that I started
noticing rabbits I was taking a
statistics class for people who don't
math and our merciful professor being a
fan of other disciplines as well would
allow students to perform a talent in
front of the class for extra credit
points I know it was pretty weird but
the weirdest part was that after you did
your talent everybody in the class got
to vote on whether you got one two or
three extra percentage points on your
next test that was around the time
as practicing guitar a ton plus
statistics for me was difficult AF so
some extra point seemed pretty
attractive and I signed up for the next
two weeks I practiced my song over and
over every day but I never played for
anyone before and suddenly my first
public performance was going to be in
front of a hundred of my most not having
it peers on a Wednesday afternoon at two
thirty the night before my hands were
shaking so much I could barely hold the
strings down it's not like performing
dance dance is easy because the house
lights are down so you can't see anybody
there you quite literally dance like no
one is watching but all I could think
about was lifting my head up and seeing
just rows upon amphitheater rows of
these north face jacket and 19 year olds
under fluorescent lights just judging so
I took a post to him and i doodled a
little rabbit and glued it to the back
of my guitar I thought to myself just
focus right there and you won't even
have to acknowledge that there's anyone
else in the room and on the day I
performed for the class I just stared at
that little blue rabbit with equal
measures terror and defiance and
squeaked out my little song a zero
memory of how it actually went down just
sitting in that plastic chair and then
after it was over my professor saying I
think we can all agree that that
deserves three points no need to vote
which I didn't even end up needing by
the way because well how do you know but
I got an A in statistics without the
points but new things new places try
your best I would really love if you
told me a story of a time where you felt
the footfalls of a scary thing coming
towards you and you stay there and you
let it pass or you can tell me about
something that you're still too afraid
to do yet and if at all you enjoyed this
video you can consider subscribing if
you're so inclined
also find me on the social medias in the
links below I will see you next week
goodbye
