hi guys so I try not to make a video of
every single instance of racial justice
because be the same video over and over
and I just don't have the strength for
that but after the week we've had I feel
like I have to take a second to remember
the lives of the nine people who were
murdered in Boston by a racist in their
place of worship
truth is I have a hard time filming when
you talk about these kinds of things
because when I do inevitably there will
be some comment on the video about like
why are you talking about black issues
when you're a lot of which by the way
super offensive term do not use it but
yeah this week we also had a bizarre
white lady pretending to be black and
making it harder for all of us who don't
look as black as people think we should
and being biracial is a weird space to
inhabit growing up with a white parent
in a very white City in a very white
school you could say they don't have a
pretty good experience
I went to private school I didn't suffer
from the poverty or the lack of access
to education or the annual application
of justice that overwhelmingly affects
black people there's privilege in that
and I also understand that the way that
I talk and Roy's an air Groves
and the fact that I'm a lighter shade of
brown also make me less threatening to
why
people I'm a safe black person
there's privilege in that too and it's
privilege that oddly enough often makes
me feel rejected from black circles at
the same time I also experience racism
it's not fake hate mail it's not
gunshots but it is racial slurs in my
comments section and it's all those
microaggressions of what are you or are
you half offended or I bet you just got
this job because she's black or getting
called number six in high school because
that's how many people have caught in
their words
I'm idiot number that's all it's a weird
space to be in kind of both engine
either but I often speak from a black
perspective because with everything
going on right now I just don't have the
white privilege of being able to ignore
it asks about a tumblr ask to speak from
someone who grew up with a white mom but
never knew their father in a couple of
pictures they have he looks Brown and
the Oscar looks brown but they're not
really sure whether they're biracial or
not and they don't know how to explore
their heritage without being
appropriated honestly I don't really
know the answer for that I wish there
were a larger and more vocal biracial
slash multi racial splash I don't really
know community that but the asker and
myself could attach ourselves to but the
thing is that racial identity is just so
in
being biracial shape me in a different
way than the only black or elderly white
would have and I think it's totally okay
to have a racial identity that complex
and difficult to explain as long as
you're not claiming somebody else's
struggles
I mean people of color in general share
a lot of the same challenges but there
are nuances depending on which
particular flavor of brown you are to my
asker I'm tumblr it's possible that you
may not have faced some of the
challenges that the black community
faces but just the fact that you
struggle to understand your identity and
find out who you are is a struggle that
a lot of people of color don't face
either your identity is unique and it's
okay for you to take a while to just
kind of live in that space and feel it
out and hopefully come solid in it so
obviously there's a lot to unpack here I
won't know in comments how you worked
with and dealt with complexities of your
own racial identities do you know who
you are
do you love who you are you struggle to
get to either of those places do you
find it difficult to relate to people
whose experiences are different than
yours if you liked this video I hope you
will join in in the discussion below but
you can also consider subscribing or
following me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram in the links below be kind to
each other and I will see you next week
bye
