hi guys when I was a kid my dad used to
keep a little scrapbook paper and his
top dresser drawer right in there with
his change jar and it stamps and
handkerchiefs he showed it to me once
before I was really old enough to
understand it it said Taylor let your
voice be heard I know he saw in me a
really shy nervous kid who mostly kept
her mouth shut out of fear and his wish
for me was that someday I would find it
within me to speak up so fast forward 20
odd years this week I have been shooting
video for this local arts nonprofit at
their annual exhibition and it's got me
so excited because the theme of the show
is courage I've gotten to read and see
and hear stories of people's courage
that they have or that they wish they
had big big running into burning
buildings kind of stuff or just quiet
getting up and facing another day and
everything along the spectrum quitting
your job and starting your own business
coming out leaving home sharing your art
with someone and it's really cool feels
like a gift to have been part of it I
was talking to the woman who runs the
whole thing and she was telling me that
she doesn't think courage always has to
be a big brave act courage can just be
continuing to move forward regardless of
what the future may have in store or
what the past may have taught you and
also just being unbothered by how much
you do or don't know about what's in
store just picking up and care
and I think that's beautiful because and
all of my carrying on I've grown into a
pretty confident human without even
really noticing it I'm a person who can
hold her own business meeting or quit
videos up on the internet I know what
I'm about and I believe in my own ideas
and when I don't I can at least fake it
I don't even know how it happened but I
like to believe that there's a little
bit of magic in a decades-old scrap of
paper that my dad probably forgot he
ever showed me so that's courage from me
to let my voice be heard tell me what
courage means to you in the comments you
can also tell me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram you can subscribe if you're so
inclined and I will see you next week
bye
