hey guys I need to make a budget man
here's why I don't want to do it math I
have to confront the reality that I am
spending entirely too much money on
Korea sheet messed sometimes doing adult
things makes me feel itchy and the only
way to solve it is to buy something
youthful like a skateboard or a silver
Lemay's snapback oh my god
I am that chip of Steve Buscemi from 30
rock because I work really hard and then
I earn money and I feel compelled to
spend that money because treat yourself
how do you do fellow kids really though
I'm pretty good at living within my
means but I still have some work to do
on the concept of delayed gratification
you know when you can put some time and
distance between wanting the thing and
getting it and that's even harder when
hey you have the money for the new
iPhone in your bank account right now so
why bother saving for it over a couple
of months because there will be a new
iPhone by then Taylor and you need to
slow your down so what I'm doing
right now before I said any kind of
categories or limits or anything
remotely budget II is just to track
what's going on right now I will tell
you there is nothing like going in your
bank account and adding up all of your
Sephora purchases in the last six months
to put the fear of God into you spirit
wasn't that much also do you know how
many parking tickets I've gotten in 2015
cuz I wish I did not all this is making
me sound super irresponsible I'm very
responsible I'm trying okay but yeah
actually making myself look at where my
money is going makes me realize that
it's going to a lot of places that I
kind of forgotten about or repressed in
some way so now I am taking the guilt
and shame route to financial
responsibility but if you are good at
this kind of thing help a girl out I
want to know in comments how you managed
to stick to a budget because I could use
a few tricks hey if you like this please
consider subscribing if you're so
inclined you can also find me in Twitter
Tumblr and Instagram and I will see you
next week bye
