hi friends I'm coming to you from in
front of my bookshelf today because a
number of you have asked me to talk
about books that I am reading or books
that I enjoy and here's my embarrassing
secret I have not been a good reader
lately for many years in my life I was a
book a week type of person but then I
got out of school
and things just got busy and if nothing
I consciously make time to read I don't
end up doing it and in the fall and
winter of last year I did at least make
time to read two to three books a month
but this year has been a little
embarrassing in fact I went to log on to
my library account to see what books I
had checked out this year and I realized
that I have lost my library card which
probably counts for a little of that but
I have been making a conscious effort
this year for the books I do read to
specifically seek out books either by
women or by people of color or both it's
not that I like hate white dudes it's
just that there are a lot of them on
this shelf already and there's whole
years of my life where I have just read
books by white male authors so I'm just
trying to swing the balance in the
opposite direction a little bit I also
realize that I've been gravitating a lot
towards nonfiction lately my favorite
books of this year so far have been me
both widely celebrated yes please by Amy
Poehler which I quote on here a lot and
bad feminist
Roxane gay this I have read twice and
consult frequently it just gets me it's
incredibly motivating it's my book that
I always look to when I need a little
bit of a kick in pants
bad feminist ended up being a lot more
academic than I think I was expecting
going in just because it was so widely
celebrated but still the entire time I
was reading it I was like thank God for
a black woman writing about feminism
because honestly I am like super tired
of feminism that only accounts for or
recognizes or celebrates white women you
need a palate cleanser from the whole
equal pay day thing where everybody was
like yeah we only get 78 cents on a
dollar that's so terrible
the women of color and trans women are
over here like yo we don't even get that
much though but at the same time you
like really care about being pretty and
you jam up some kind of problematic
songs bad feminist not a nonfiction I
think I talked about this in a video
last year my sister-in-law got this for
me for Christmas it's called brain on
fire by Susannah Halen in the New York
Times Magazine they have this column I
think it's called diagnosis where it
like talks about Oh so-and-so comes into
the hospital with this mysterious
medical issue that nobody can figure out
how do they figure out what's wrong with
that person and treat them you know I
cannot get enough of that column I am
NOT like super Sayan see medically
knowledgeable
any of that but it is super fascinating
and this book is like that for 247 pages
so if you're a fan of that column and
you also support women authors this
but other than that I can't really
remember what I read this year which is
so embarrassing because it's April I
know there's been other books I just
can't they're just gone so in the
comments please tell me what your
favorite books have been that you've
read so far this year especially if they
were written by people of color or women
or non cisgender hetero
any combination thereof because I am
just trying to broaden my horizons and
yeah I'm gonna use you guys to get you
back on the reading train if you like
this video please consider subscribing
so we came up with funds a Twitter
Tumblr and Instagram er below and I'll
see you tomorrow bye
