hi friends so yesterday Nicole made a
video about how certain sense for her
are tied to specific memory the incense
that her office neighbor burns reminds
her of mosquito coils from when she was
studying abroad I love your point about
how she might never think of or remember
mosquito coils normally but the smell of
something not quite that but almost that
brought it right back for her it got me
thinking about the sense that trigger
memories for me for example whenever I
walked by a laundromat especially when
it has like vents that blow up from the
dryers it instantly pings me back to
when I started dating my husband and I
was 15 and sitting in his 98th toyota
corolla on the way to my friends soccer
game i always have a hard time with
summer because it just reminds me of
being really isolated when I was a kid I
spent almost entire summer it's not
really hanging out with anybody or
seeing anybody and just being more or
less by myself for the better part of
three months and so the smell of
humidity for me and I do believe it has
a smell its damp obviously I'm kind of
woody makes me feel really lonely old
dirty dish sponges and the smell of
water after you've cooked pasta in it
both remind me of pulling the mattress
onto the floor and watching planet earth
dvds in my very first apartment it
wasn't as you could probably gather a
particularly pleasant smelling place but
it was also one of the happiest years of
my life I do wonder what sort of scent
will ping back this part of my life for
me in the future maybe it'll be the
smell of curry powder and paprika maybe
it'll be like wet plastered peeling off
the walls maybe it's peppermint oil from
the time that my apartment was overrun
with spiders and I learned that
peppermint oil repels them it's probably
unknowable until it strikes me however
many years down the road so I want to
know what sense trigger memories for you
and thank you nicole for the prompt i
will see you all tomorrow bye
