if you wanna be an easter egg you gotta
be hard oil hi guys its feet a day five
and it's Easter the day that we
celebrate Jesus hatching from a colorful
eggs laid by a chocolate rabbit it's
okay guys I grew up Catholic so here's
the thing that song that I was just
singing in the intro that's a real thing
when i was a kid for some reason my
music teacher just had a gift for
finding like the strangest songs that
she would have a singing class so
someone is like 1998 catalog of like
sing-alongs for kids she finds a song
that's gonna be like so fun for easter
you guys called hard-boiled egg with
such masterful lyrics ads are boiled egg
hi boiled a hard-boiled egg hard-boiled
egg like I swear to you I'm gonna like
the Sun below because you have to hear
you have to the thing that I love about
it so much is that somebody out there
was like all right I gotta write this
Jam these little like white Catholic
third graders to sing genre hmm
definitely rap subject let's go of
Easter eggs and thing they're all like
wait we gotta make it ng though these
sites are hard-boiled he said so hot
these heads don't mess around man Easter
eggs this is a thing that actually
exists in the world so here's what I
think we should get k cuz we respect to
whoever was on that like private school
music class Greg and brought this into
the world we're gonna start replacing
anywhere we use the word like hard or
hardcore and just say hard-boiled
instead right because that's how we're
going to know each other in the wild
like you I'm about to go in on this
falafel sandwich hard boil up
him yeah I broke up with him turns out
he was like this hard world drug user
well it can you stop because like I hard
both gotta pee right now try it and in
the comments tell me if you do Easter do
you have any fun stories did you do
baghdad kids with a little wired dippy
things did you get sick off of
starbursts liver jellybeans in church if
you like this video please consider
subscribing so you can hang out be
friends twitter tumblr Instagram and i
will see you tomorrow bye
