hi friends it is feeded day 3 and today
I want to talk about comfort suits I was
noticing the other day as I was eating
some pizza that no matter what kind of
day you've had pizza always manages to
take away the bad feels in fact it's so
effective that we have a rule in my
house that we only eat pizza once a week
because otherwise I could and would eat
pizza like every other day another
comfort food of mine and probably the
weirdest one is plain white rice when I
got sick as a kid my mom always used to
make me white race maybe with a little
salt and a little bit of butter you give
that to sick kids not because it tastes
great but because it's easy to keep down
but I guess I just associate white rice
with being comforted and taken care of
because still to this day
anytime I'm sick any kind of sickness
all I want is plain white rice favorite
comfort food of all time though is
grilled cheese my dad used to make those
for me and nobody can grow a cheese like
my dad can grow a cheese you take the
thick bread and butter it up first and
then like copious amounts of cheddar and
it's even better alongside a cut-up
Apple or a cut-up pear something about
somebody else cutting up your fruit for
you feels just like the ultimate form of
being cared for just grilled cheese with
the cut-up pear makes me feel all warm
and fuzzy inside so please tell me in
the comments what your favorite comfort
food is and why if you like this video
please consider subscribing so that we
can hang out new friends my Twitter
Tumblr Instagram are linked below and
I'll see you tomorrow bye
