hi friends so it's black history month
here in these United States so I thought
I'd be remiss if I didn't make at least
one video to celebrate it which is funny
because I always hated Black History
Month growing up because there is this
thing of wear and I went to this super
white Catholic school right so the
teacher would say all right guys we're
going to learn about all these people
because today is the start of Black
History Month and like all the other
kids and claps like low-key just like
turn and stare at you you guys trust me
this was not my idea but you know you
learn about Martin Luther King and
Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks like every
boy in class does their Black History
Month reporter Jackie Robinson and it's
over and you're like okay there are five
cool black people they're all dead
that's why I've been loving be Black
History you didn't learn in school
hashtag because there's so many stories
of black heroes and black pioneers that
just get buried by Washington's and
Columbus's and whatever you learn in
school these days I want to talk about
one of those people today vel Phillips
and just to show you how buried this is
a big huge moment and her story takes
place on the sixteenth Street bridge in
Milwaukee and I live for four years on
fifteenth Street in a neighborhood where
I can only live because of her work and
I never heard of her until like two
weeks ago val was a remarkable woman she
was the first black person and the first
woman to serve on the Milwaukee City
Council in 1971 she became the first
female judge in Milwaukee and the first
black judge in all of Wisconsin in 1971
choose the first woman and the first
person of color to be elected
Wisconsin's Secretary of State in 19th
and she was the first black member of
democratic national convention where she
kind of forced the party's hand to
include civil rights and racial justice
as an official part of john f kennedy's
presidential platform holy Val who
was born valvoline Rogers was an
accomplished lawyer but she was also
black and a woman which are pretty
considerable barriers to be elected to
Common Council in 1956 when she ran she
canvassed the black neighborhoods with
flyers with information and her photo on
there the white neighborhoods white
volunteers canvas and I had the same
flyer with no picture and her name was
shortened to Val which is reasonably
gender-neutral she even found out she
was pregnant while she was running and
didn't tell anybody until after she was
elected because she knew that she could
get people to stop being so hung up on
her other pneus she had good enough
ideas to win as soon as she was left at
Alderman she got to work Milwaukee was
and is notoriously one of the most
segregated cities in the US and her time
people of color could not buy houses in
white neighborhoods but we're talking
like burn crosses on the lawn type
hatred if you do so Bell introduced an
open housing ordinance in 1962 to remove
those racial barriers to where you could
live of course the council unanimously
rejected it but she continued to bring
it up four more times and over here the
black community wonky was like
understandably one hundred percent done
being ignored so they organized a march
across the sixteenth Street bridge into
the exclusively white neighborhood of
baby though was not in the crowd of the
first night but she soon joined these
marches even though everybody advised
her not to because it would look bad for
her politically but she had to do what
she felt was right so she continued with
these nightly marches that went for 200
days now if you watch footage of these
marches it looks just like footage out
of Selma or out of Ferguson like cops
riot hair white spectators hurling
racial slurs and rocks and like bodily
fluids at the marchers protesters are
getting clogged and beaten and
cast there was Val she was brave she
didn't care if she was screamed at or
attacked or rested these marches just
like the ones in salma and throughout
the south drew this national attention
that eventually convinced LBJ to pass
the Fair Housing Act and well finally
got what she fought so hard for the
legal reinforcements to start breaking
down the segregated neighborhoods in
Milwaukee she continued to fight for
civil rights for the rest of her
political career and continues to do so
today at 91 years old what she's such an
inspiration to me and I just wish that I
learned about her sooner so that's your
dose of black history didn't learn in
school for the day if you want to learn
more about Val Phillips Wisconsin Public
Television just produced a documentary
on the life it's an hour long you can
wash it completely online I will link it
below if you like this video please
consider subscribing so that we can hang
out new friends in the comments tell me
more examples about black history didn't
learn in school that I should go read up
on or if you don't have any I really
encourage you to check out the hashtag
on twitter and tumblr so many cool
things never stop learning I social
media links are below and that's all for
me today guys bye
you
