hi guys so in an effort to be more
responsible this year I just set up
automatic monthly contributions to my
Roth IRA but I kind of hate that I'm the
kind of person who thinks about my Roth
IRA because saving for your retirement
is so not punk rock not that it's not
important because my account is making
that coin right now but sometimes being
responsible kind of makes me feel itchy
all over and so in order to cleanse my
system I need to tell you about some of
the stupidest i have ever spent
money on first was a metallic silver
snap back I've put it on as a joke an
American Apparel but then I thought hey
maybe I'm the kind of person who can
rock this so I bought it and every time
I saw it in my apartment I thought only
that time that I looked so freaking cool
then I put it on my head and I realized
no i am not that cool in any way
whatsoever ward outside exactly zero
times in like the two years i had it
before it took it to Goodwill another
example when I was trying to build a
website recently got so panicked about
it that I made a multitude of stupid
decisions with my money the domain name
I wanted wasn't available but there's
like nothing on the page it's just blank
so I found the service but said that
they would try and track down the owners
and buy it for me i'm pretty sure i paid
90 bucks for an automatic email to come
to me every week for two months saying
nothing had happened though for all I
know they never even tried here's
another one then the big picture was
really minor but it still matters to me
because of how utterly gem it was once i
was in sephora and i decided to treat
myself to a $12 lip balm twelve dollars
not a lot of money but lip balm is
something that you can get literally for
like a dollar fifty and his lip balm
totally blew that wasn't the dumb part
though
the real ideas he came when like six
months later I saw the lip balm again
and I thought man maybe I was wrong
about it I mean the packaging is so cute
so it must be good right and i bought it
again and it was still terrible sparrows
148 dollars that it will never have back
but thank God because if that's the most
I have to regret I guess I'm pretty
lucky if you like this video please
consider subscribing so we can hang out
in your friends find me on Twitter
Tumblr and Instagram and Long's below
tell me in comments about the most
financially irresponsible thing that
you've ever done for the dumbest thing
you ever bought so that we can clumsily
strain against the inevitable grasp of
adulthood together I'll see you next
week bye
