hi friends so I'm here with Asante oh
this is gonna be another episode in my
series about personal mythologies the
stories that shape who we are so
Asante I feel like really has a sense of
who she is at least sup the sense that I
get because like your branding is so
strong you're like it's in your name
your Asante the artists like goddess and
that's definitely a personal mythology
if I've ever heard one
I have always thought of myself as a
creative I've just been very artistic
ever since I was young when I was four
years old when I was in preschool I was
like I think doing some sort of drawing
and my teacher said that I was so
creative and then I came home and
announced my mom that I want to be a
creative so I was like okay cool and
started putting me in art classes and
dance classes and all sorts of different
ways of creative expression primarily my
thing was drawing and painting and went
to an arts magnet program in high school
so I spent half the day for four-year
it's just drawing and painting yeah I
just naturally have a ton of different
interest I was honest into math and
science and was looking to marry the two
like in college I went to college
originally for engineering
under-underground yeah yeah like
mechanical engineering thinking that on
the graduate level would be architecture
masters and you have a masters anyway so
I was like well I'll do the engineering
to have a mathematical foundation and
then build on that and then discovered
more about user interaction design and I
was like oh that's a good marriage of
the artistic and the technical so all
major in computer science and
no masters in life UX so I switched my
major from engineering to computer
science and then my senior year of
college I switched to film does math
feel creative to you mad I like because
it's problem-solving and that's why I
like engineering as well
feels creative because you're tinkering
you're making things and then if you can
make something that lights up in a
certain way or like you know lights the
room in a certain way like lighting
design like that super marriage of
visual artistic and electrical
engineering staff thinking of myself as
a creative it's still so broad like
there's still so many things you can
create there's so many modes of creation
so that story that I tell myself really
leaves it up and leaves it open and I'm
someone who could also be happy doing a
lot of different things there's this
something really nice and sexy about
having a really focused streamline thing
that you are a master of mm-hmm right
and so that requires kind of paring down
and focused and like being known for one
thing but I have so many different
interests and they all fall under the
umbrella of being creative yeah so it's
always been tough I always feel like I
will make a decision and then like not
stick it out you know and like switch to
something else and so I'm really trying
to now just kind of pick a direction and
yes something that does kind of guide
the decisions that I make is something
being you know creative and expressive
and also something making the world a
better place
ultimately working towards social good
ultimately helping people think more
creatively and consciously about the
world around them about how they
interact with the people right that's
what I want to be lending my creative
talents to thank you so much for sharing
your story I want to know in the
comments if you had to kind of brand
yourself what are the main things that
would be part of your story
is creativity part of it is social good
part of it is something entirely
different part of it let me know and you
can also find a sláinte
where can they find you they can find me
at Asante be all over the internet and a
santé the artist on YouTube well if you
liked this video you can subscribe you
can check out a Sundays channel and I'll
see you next week bye
