hi guys happy vlogmas day 8 so today I
appeared in a video on lexis channel i
will put that link if you've not yet
seen it right down below me you should
definitely go watch the video but then
also check out the comments because if
you need to restore your faith in
humanity actors all of this terrible
news you can go and see people uplifting
each other and educating each other and
examining their own privilege it's a
pretty cool and I think a pretty rare
thing I also want to thank Chloe and
coral and the other women that appeared
in that video with me for sharing their
stories and let's for giving us your
platform to do so that was some a plus
plus a lying right there you'll see more
from me relating to that topic on Friday
but for now hello you found me through
Lexus channel or Evelyn's channel or
blog miss or Vita or just tumbling
through a series of tubes thank you for
being here I'm super excited that we get
to be internet friends right now I'm
obviously doing vlogmas so pull up a
chair grab yourself some tea or some hot
cocoa and let's talk how are you feeling
today I am feeling really proud and
excited and hopeful a little tired
things are so busy at my day job but I'm
really glad that I'm doing vlogmas
because it allows me to spend more time
doing this other thing that I love which
is hanging out with you so in lieu up a
longer video today I want to learn a
little more about you so get down in the
comments introduce yourself tell me
something that I should know about you
so that we can keep this a nice little
family thing all right I'll see you
tomorrow for some more vlogging to see
fun in the meantime you can find me on
Twitter Tumblr and Instagram and links
below as well as in the comments of this
video alright I will see you tomorrow
bye
