so I don't really do the Christmas tree
thing anymore when we were kids we used
to go out to this kind of farm in the
country and like saw down our own
Christmas tree and it was super cool I
was so inspired that for a couple years
I would tell people that I wanted to be
a Christmas tree farmer when I grow up
but then we got older and started
getting busy and we stopped doing the
whole cut your own tree thing and
started picking him up from the parking
lot of a butcher shop and now I live in
a 400 square foot apartment and I'm lazy
so i can't see you Christmas tree
happening for me for a while have masked
a few ornaments so let me show you those
we live in an old ass apartment building
so there's random just nails hanging out
of the walls and that's ruining our
Christmas ornaments this one is the
great state of Wisconsin I got that from
my brother and his wife for loop in my
way this one I can't remember who it's
from it's also a wedding present but
it's a bicycle and luke and I are pretty
big into like trans portation this one's
not an ornament it's a cowbell but I
bought when my dad ran a marathon helped
your mom I don't know why but it's there
this one is just a picture of luke and I
our wedding photographer sent us this
which I thought was really sweet of her
thanks Amelia and of course I don't have
them here but I had a couple favorite
ornaments as a kid too one was a little
porcelain Val that had the characters
from a Charlie Brown Christmas on it and
one was a little glass star that was cut
like a prism so light would hit it and
it would make these little rainbowy
reflections I think that was always my
favorite I wouldn't let anybody else put
it on the tree because
things all right in the comments tell me
about your favorite Christmas tree or
your favorite Christmas tournament you
don't do that whole thing entirely sorry
I guess I don't do that either anymore
if you like this video please consider
subscribing so that we can hang out and
be friends I'll see you tomorrow bye
