it's dark today I would like to discuss
with you some libraries that I have
loved my very first library was only a
bike ride away from my house and it was
there that I got my summer reading cards
stamped and I checked out baby-sitters
Club books and occasionally I got a
molasses cookie from a bakery next door
my second library was at my grade school
mrs. lafave our librarian would help me
check out books by using those really
old school card catalogs I always
checked out comic books or stories about
detectives or spies they have little
cars in the book where you write your
name down and then you stamp it with the
date that it's due when I was in high
school ditch one my very first library
down and built a new one in its place I
spend a lot of time in that library
completing practice tests for my AP
calculus exam and putting hold on their
entire catalogue of f scott fitzgerald
novels kurt cobain biographies and
fashion magazines then i went off to
college right hung out in the rain or
and memorial libraries at Marquette
University but I was much more dedicated
to scrolling through online journals
than browsing these here stacks was in
the Memorial Library at Marquette where
I pulled my very first all-nighters
writing my very last essay for college
ever I procrastinated on procrastinating
so down the street from my cat was the
Milwaukee Public Library and it was
grand and ornate and super old like a
library should be on my bike ride home
for my internship everyone said I
wouldn't stop and pick up a new book and
they always had the next thing on my
to-read list waiting on the hotel for me
and not too far from where I live now
just open a brand new library and looks
like the inside of an iPad they've got
all these cool collaborative spaces and
all this new software and green streams
and the first time I went there there
was a cheese making class going on in
the library cheese in the library so I
think I probably peaked so these are the
libraries I I love tell me about your
favorite library down in the comments
bonus question what's next book i should
add to my to-read list and of course if
you like this video you should consider
subscribing so we can hang out with new
friends you can find me on twitter
tumblr Instagram in the links below
we'll see you next week goodbye
