oh you need to so many people are going
back to college this week and if you are
one of them I envy you for reasons that
I've explained in this video right here
side note though i bought these
sunglasses today at gap and as i was
checking out and making small talk with
the scales woman i brought up somehow
that I used to work for old navy which
is owned by the same companies gap and
she was like oh have you ever thought of
working for the company again because
I'm always looking for good people and I
was like extra know so i guess side
benefit of being out of college is that
I don't work in retail anymore but today
I actually want to talk about the best
job that I ever had in college which was
working in the Writing Center being a
writing intensive English major I got to
take a class which actually trained me
how to do this job so every time I work
to shift I would meet with writers for
either half hour or one hour increments
to just talk about their writing it
wasn't a correction or critique it was a
conversation so I would have the writer
read their paper out loud to me and I
would sit and take notes not actually
looking at it the cool thing about
reading your papers out loud is that you
catch so many of your grammar mistakes
and awkward word choices yourself as you
read it but after the reading was all
over we would talk together about some
of the big picture concepts so how was
your papers structure and transitions
and are you explaining your evidence
well do you even have it in and are you
writing in writer based or reader based
prose writer based prose one of my
favorite concepts ever basically when
you're writing you've been in class and
you've been researching for so long that
you've got all these ideas formed in
your head and as you're writing your
paper you're laying out all these points
so you got point A over here point I
over there and quite see over here and
just because you've been studying this
thing for so long point b and point d
are super obvious to you so why would
you actually have to
Wayne them in your paper but I as an
objective reader don't know all that
stuff so I need you to spell it out for
me and when you do that's reader base
pros that's like when people talk about
that mysterious concept of flow and
writing like just my paper flow well a
big chunk of that is using reader based
writing is your writing center tip of
the day but I think the best part of my
job is that I got to learn so much stuff
because I was working with all kinds of
people yeah a lot of the people are
consulted with four freshmen in their
first-year composition classes but I
also met with a lot of international
students who are writing this really
dense academic material in a second
language like I for whatever reason saw
a ton of nursing dissertations oh and
personal statements for grad school
which were my absolute favorite and then
a bunch of my fellow English majors
often my co-workers at the writing sign
here in college right now is a total
myth that you only go to the Writing
Center if you're a bad writer first of
all no such thing and second of all
everybody benefits from this I would
take my own stuff there because it's
always helpful to have somebody talk
through ideas like in college instead of
writing essays or even worse taking
essay tests I always wish that I could
just sit down with the professor and
talk about what I learned so instead I
just went and talked it out with a tutor
until my ideas got clarified enough that
they were like that yes what you just
said now just write that down I so you
complete and when I didn't have somebody
in for an appointment I just got to hang
out with some of the coolest smartest
people ever and a ton of us made art
projects that just cover the walls in
place in fact I have a time-lapse video
from link way throwback it's radish time
now you can find right here and made
like a triptych of like writing verbs
what's the last job you had that let you
do that so if you're in college let me
know what you're most excited for this
year and if you're not let me know what
you miss the most probably the writings
that are right
right just me okay oh and if you like
this video please consider subscribing
but we can hang out and be friends
sometimes I'd make videos that are not
about school say hello down comments and
I will see you next week bye
