hey guys one of these days I'm gonna
make a bond that's not all like serious
life lessons but today is not that day
but here's a corgi though it's the least
I could do hashtag pandering hashtag
pandering so I have a hard time saying
no to things in addition to working my
full-time job I was also teaching three
dance classes doing a bunch of freelance
writing also trying to like work out
regularly and make a bunch of videos
neither which happened and at the same
time of course trying to maintain my
regular friendships my relationship and
my own mental health so as it happens a
lot of that fell off because I'm pretty
confident you can do a bunch of things
crapoly or a few things really well and
I know I have a similar one of hours in
the day as Beyonce but I am also not a
demigod so every time I looked at my
to-do list and it's just too long and I
knew that I wasn't gonna get something
done for somebody I pretty quickly
realized that the easiest person to
disappoint is yourself
but then you know it becomes a thing
where you're just disappointing yourself
over and over for a year or two or the
rest of your life so I just got asked to
teach dance again this next year and you
know I've been dancing my whole life it
was a really fun way to stay connected
to it and I had a freaking blast kids
were great dancing was fun but I said no
look I want to be doing a lot more of
this and more of some super-secret
projects the thing about later and you
tell yourself fit it all in and you'll
get better and you'll do it later but
really these are the things that I've
been saying no to for a long time just
not out loud so what I realized with a
little help and all the time is that now
I'm just saying yes to some really
exciting things
just shifting the no elsewhere I mean it
felt says it still feels salad and it
will feel sad for a while but I think
eventually I will come to realize that
it was worth it it is really hard to say
no to other people but hear yourself a
chance to think about whether or not
it's worth saying no to yourself
so tell me down in the comments about
something that you're having a hard time
saying no to or that you want to or that
you have said no to and why I will see
you next week if you're new here and you
enjoyed this video please consider
subscribing so we can hang out and be
friends you can find me on Twitter
Tumblr and Instagram now the links below
thank you for watching this video guys I
really like you
alright I'll see you on the flip by
