hi guys welcome to week three of my
52-week vlog project thank you to all of
you who supported and watched and
commented my last video which if you
haven't seen yet you can click right
here also hello and welcome to all the
new people who found me through that
video thanks for coming over and I hope
you'll stick around I went to Marquette
University where we used to have a
really awesome basketball coach named
buzz williams and even though he
abandoned us for Virginia Tech I still
kinda admire the guy because all of the
weird outfits dancing around and jumping
up and down aside the links right here
he said some pretty wise stuff I
remember once we are on this great
winning streak and merging awesome and
feeling good and the reporter kind of
invited him to just bask in his success
but pretty much he just refused to do it
he said the hardest thing to get is
momentum and the hardest thing to keep
is momentum basically we know it's hard
to get on a roll doing the things but
once again there that's not enough it's
constant work to keep succeeding and
keep getting better and I really took
that to heart because my friends I am
notoriously bad at finishing what I
start now I think I'm lucky in that I
get all sorts of great ideas and I come
up with really cool project but as soon
as the execution part starts getting
hard oh no which probably the most
productive thing to you because then I
have to keep starting over and over and
wanting to get where I want to be but
just being frustrated that I have to
start from square one every time which
is like just do it dude like don't be so
lazy and I think that's why I like so
many other people love
love every day April or goes don't break
the chain kind of things because you
just commit yourself I'm gonna do this
every day I'm going to get me some
momentum I mean it's definitely not easy
like I felt super accomplished after i
finished vita then once you have the
moment I'm you got to keep it and that's
where I fail because it's so much easier
to not do things and to do things I feel
like I made three videos in a row about
one time and now I'm like other blog
ideas for the rest of my life look am I
just saying the same things over I works
I feel like I'm saying the same things
over and over but anyway momentum so now
I've committed to a 52 weeks pageant
it's a lot more of a manager schedule
but I still gotta remember that if you
want something you gotta work for it
every single day so I'm gonna do it
every day by to get a little more
momentum it's not pretty easy but buzz
did not call it the hardest thing for
nothing we'll just take it one day one
week at a time so next week i'll let you
know how i did at getting a little
better at making videos every single day
and you can do it too so tell me down in
the comments what you want to work on
every day this week to start building
moment have fun and I'll see you next
week ie
