hi guys so yesterday I was planning to
put up a second video of my 52 weeks
project but I have decided to scrap it
because I can't look at it and can't
edit it I can't focus on anything
because I'm just too upset and too sad
since you are an Internet person
watching this I'm sure you have already
heard and read about a UC Santa Barbara
shooting and you've probably been
looking at the yes all women tag on
Twitter and Tumblr across the internet
so I'm not going to go into that in too
much detail but the gist of it is that
we live in a world where while not all
men harass or commit sexual violence
against women all women experience
harassment and/or sexual violence we
repeatedly constantly it's the fear that
accompanies going out with your friends
and having a drink or two or walking
home by yourself or taking public
transit or existing as a woman in the
world in general when you as a woman
start telling your friends a story about
some creepy guy who harassed you or
followed you or made you feel unsafe
they invariably have stories of their
own to tell and I say I've been sexually
harassed every single women out there is
thinking me too so while not all men
feel entitled to our attention or our
affection or our physical bodies and
that not all men obviously feel that
going on a killing spree is a logical
response to sexual frustration all women
live in some kind of fear to sound agree
that that could
and offs if you track that tag on the
social media of your choice you will
find thousands of better and more
thorough responses so I just want to
offer you this one challenge if you've
never done anything to hurt or
intimidate or harass commit violence
against a woman that's fantastic but
please take a moment and think about
what you're doing to stop it because we
haven't been able to stop at ourselves
it and there are too many people out
there still perpetuating this violent
and entitled bullshit idea that refuses
to even see women as human so please
think about what you can do to make sure
that women are respected and that
they're safe because our pain and here
is too much to shoulder alone anymore
I'll see you next week
