hello friends it is day 30 of vita so at
the end I can't believe that I'm like
finally here and I did it let's take a
rewind for a second and look at where I
was 30 days ago it's April so like many
youtubers I have decided to vlog every
day probably more like every weekday
maybe six days a week I think it's
hilarious that I thought I would do like
five days maybe six a week and here i am
and I've done every single day and I
spent a lot of nights up until one or
two or three am trying to upload but if
you upload it before you fall asleep it
still counts and I'm pretty proud of
myself because like with my other
parallel accomplishment of running my
race last weekend I just got really good
at practicing the art of not quitting
and not giving up so this has been
really fun and a great way to get back
into making videos and get excited and
watch you guys stuff have you guys watch
my stuff we can all talk about it and it
was really cool I think the most
important thing that I will take from
this year and carry over when I try this
again next year is planning ahead I made
this list of different topics i could
use before the month started just in
case I ever ran out of ideas and that
list was like exhausted by maybe a third
to half of a month through so next year
I plan even more and I might make a
format for certain days like I try to
silence sunday maybe I'll
that every time next year if I do this
again I will also be a lot better at
watching and commenting and interacting
with other people's videos because I
didn't feel like I had time to do that
much this year but it makes the
experience so much better to have that
connection for people who are in the
same boat I also want to know like how
the hell you're supposed to pronounce
this savita is it beta is it betta i
don't know i think i learned how to say
interesting thing bone serious topics
and also how to not take myself so
seriously overall I think I've grown a
lot as a content creator come up with
more ideas I've gained a lot more
confidence and also just more technical
skills and you know creativity is like a
muscle the more you use it the stronger
it gets so what's next for me i think i
am going to take like a breather for a
week or two and come back maybe around
my birthday which is May fifteenth
instead of 52 weeks product to document
my 23rd year of life I will also be
heading to VidCon this summer so if
you're going to be there let me know and
maybe we should meet up but my biggest
takeaway from this crazy ride is that if
you want to make things you got to make
things you got to make them often you've
got to try new things that scare you and
can't give up if you did Vita tell me
how that whole experience was for you
down there in those comments and like
watching me if you want to see where
life takes me next you can hit that
subscribe button I don't know it made me
happy alright that is v2 2014 in a
nutshell it's been realized ie
