oh hey guys so it is the penultimate day
of Vita and I promise promise this is
not a cop out video I wanted to make
this the entire time I want to do a
blooper reel we got a new a blooper reel
because I've made all these like serious
videos but in between there's a lot of
weirdness going on and I want to give it
to you all now let's tag blogging and
driving I'm vlogging me go away for five
minutes I don't really know what my
favorites are like the only thing that
I've done besides trying to get vlogs up
this month is go to work oh shit hail it
is hailing like a motherfucker look at
this yes hello people this is my word
pair is one of the boobie
the shoes oh nothing about it close um
shoes on my feet up
fuck my favorite meal is but my favorite
veggie meal is probably uh oh my godness
camp opposite okay oh dear now if you're
doing Vita I know you have some of these
two so upload them let's see him now i
got to go think real hard about what i'm
going to do for my last day of Veda to
make it worthwhile so make sure you say
hello down there in the comments and you
know maybe if you want to subscribe
think that's the first time I've said
that all Vita so you know if you've been
around if you liked watching hit that
subscribe button and i will continue
seeing you for years to come i will see
you tomorrow for the last and final day
a blog every day in april 2014 ie
