guys so today I want to make a video
talking a little bit about kind of my
weird relationship to my online identity
and maybe see if any of you guys feel
the same way and I apologize it's kind
of storming here so gives you your
thunder that's what that is
so I'm obviously a big fan of online
communities I spend a lot of time here
on YouTube as well as tumblr Twitter I'm
on Facebook and I also have a somewhat
book presence freelance writing for a
beauty website called XL Viacom but amid
all of that I still feel like for me the
Internet is a fairly anonymous place
aside from Facebook I'm not really using
any of my social media to interact with
people that I know in real life internet
friends that's fine
but it kind of horrifies me anytime I
find out that somebody that I know IRL
has been watching my youtube videos or
they follow my Twitter or when they read
my articles I don't know if that's
because I feel like there's like a
disconnect between those two parts of me
like I know definitely with my writing
that persona that I take on and I write
is very different from real life Taylor
and though I feel like YouTube Taylor is
really authentic it's just a part of me
that I don't show most people I know in
real life it's weird I'm more
comfortable sharing really personal
parts of me with strangers than with
people I actually know then there's this
weird issue of attention like I get
really Swift out when my parents see my
stuff because then they want to talk
about it and often they praise me which
is great but I just feel like once I put
something out there like it's done it's
released for me and I don't like
revisiting it and talking about it and
feeling self-conscious about what other
people are thinking
okay I'm gonna say hi hello and yet
another where is that it's just scary to
show people things that you make I think
when you make something especially when
it's personal to you it's really easy to
want to keep it close to the chest and
not show anybody because once you do
there's the risk that they won't like it
it's kind of just a measure of
self-protection like I care about this
thing and I don't want to let you break
it I mean I don't think that's always a
bad thing especially if there's
something that you're passionate about
that's a little out there sometimes it's
best to kind of just keep it on the DL
until you have something to show for it
that makes people believe in you
you can get far enough into it before
anybody has a chance to make you fearful
about starting still once you've made
the thing you got to show the thing
otherwise what's the point I mean of
course the whole creative process is
great in it it may do something for you
but if you put it out into the world
other people can connect to it too which
I know as a creative person is something
that I just crave so much that I can put
something out into the world and have
just at least one person see it and go
yes my life is better for having
experience with this do you have the
same thing especially where you are cool
with showing stuff to strangers but not
the people who know you best but high
five to the strangers that are watching
this Thanks
Tommy Hahn is for you in the comments
and I will see you tomorrow but hey you
guys we are closing in on the end of
Vita there's like three days left not
coming today if you're also doing Vita
please let me know it out in the
comments so that I can go binge watch
all your videos and catch up before it's
over
alright that's them for real this time
eyyy
