hey y'all welcome back and happy Friday
so I know I have done my fair share on
this channel of ruminating and whining
about how hard it is to be an adult and
figure out your life and find your own
way but I guess I must be adjusting
because now that I am stable employed
and doing my thing I have realized that
some parts of being an adult are kinda
awesome so today I'm gonna tell you my
top 5 things that I love about being a
grown-ass woman
number one weekend's so nice in school I
had a bunch of free time during my
weekdays but on the weekends that was my
time usually to write papers and do
major project and catch up on reading so
I was really quite busy but now weekends
are just totally my time of course I
have to do some adulthood things like
running errands or doing chores but I
can also just kind of sit around and do
nothing if I want to which is awesome
number two disposable income there's
this great thing about having a job if
you have one which I guess I realize not
all 20-somethings do but there's this
thing where you trade a time and in
return you get money so after I pay all
my bills and adult things I have still
this like money left over that I can do
things with and not worry about being
broke which is pretty cool number three
you can buy things like candy literally
whenever you want I'm frankly shocked
that I haven't eaten gummy bears
literally every day
since I graduated before traveling
traveling
or with a partner or by yourself is a
world apart from traveling with your
family first of all get to pick where
you go second of all no bickering or
fighting because you're with people too
close and too long and you get to figure
out your own kind of traveling style my
parents were great about getting us to
travel a lot but they're the kind of
people who want to like write it on the
tour bus and like book everything
through a travel agent
where I would much rather go on
TripAdvisor and find the cool
neighborhoods and just kind of like
wander around and pop into a cafe and
just kind of explore number five being
independent so even when I was in
college my parents were helping their
tuition and rent and things like that
and now I am totally 100% on my own pay
my own bills buy my own food
I'm not the clothes I'm wearing
I have my own health insurance car
insurance and kind of I just answer to
nobody and that's pretty freaking cool
so adulthood it's pretty cool so don't
pee right so I am off to go $2 grilled
cheese day so I will see you on the
flippety-flip bye
