hey guys I'm trying a little bit of a
new set up today so i can stand by the
window and get some natural light but
that also means i am standing up so
hello and welcome to my apartment and
let's blog if you watched my letter from
the past video you may have gathered
that it was not the hugest fan of high
school I don't think anybody is really
so today I'm going to tell you about
what I think the coolest parts of being
in college now that I'm out of it and if
you are in college or university right
now pay attention and take notes take
advantage of these things because you
will miss them once you are you graduate
so what I think is the coolest part
about being in college or university is
that you really have the chance to
foster absolutely any passion you want
to anything that you care a lot about
and want to know more about you have the
opportunity to do whether that's through
your classes you know you can major in
something that really excites you by the
way I was an English major and a Spanish
major if you are either of those things
don't let anybody tell you that you will
never find a job because you can any
will and you will be so much happier
that you spent those four years studying
something that you liked but it also
doesn't have to be your major I think
some of the coolest classes I took had
nothing to do with my Chris of study it
took a psychology class on how we try to
understand and categorize human
personality it took a physics class
focused on environmental issues
especially clean energy I took a class
on the philosophy of art about how we
understand art how do we know what is
art and what isn't and how art is
affected by
art buyers and the art world and i wrote
my term paper on graffiti and street art
and it was the coolest but it was also
probably the hardest class I took in
school so study broadly take things that
challenge you and study what you love
another cool thing about college is you
are not at all limited to what you learn
in the classroom there is nowhere where
you will find such a wealth of clubs and
student organizations and internships
and volunteer opportunities that give
you the chance to devote time to
literally anything that you like in
college I was in a dance group and an
environmentalist club and a society for
spanish speakers but you can also be in
clubs for things like political causes
or sports or books or movies or
unicycling and if it doesn't exist
chances are you can probably start that
group and find other people that are
interested in the same thing and there
is nothing cooler than being part of a
group of people who are passionate about
the same things you are passionate about
you can learn so much you can accomplish
amazing things now that I am officially
an adult I missed these things I miss
them for real in college it feels like
you can't swing a dead cat without
finding new bestie as an adult it feels
kind of isolating it's hard to find
people that you like to hang out with at
all much less people who share your
interests so deeply if you're like me
and you have a hard time making friends
all those groups aren't easy in you
immediately have a reason to connect and
you don't have to try and make small
talk and build a relationship slowly
that way oh and by the way if you're
still having a hard time don't be afraid
to seek help I actually met some of my
best friends in college in a group
therapy session and now that I'm in this
big old real world
so wish that I had assembled a group of
like-minded YouTube fans and aspiring
cinematographers when I have the ability
to do it like that so if you are in
school or you are going to be in school
don't take it for granted it is one of
the coolest times in your life so go
learn lots for me and I'll see you
tomorrow
