hey guys today is vlog everyday in April
day seven which is pretty amazing we've
made it a whole week so I want to talk a
little bit about something I've learned
as I've watched everybody's videos this
week I've been checking out all sorts of
channels of other people who are doing
vita and i've been thinking about how
great their thoughts are how funny they
are however great its editing but when
it comes to my own videos it seems like
the main thing i think about is my
appearance when i sit there and watch
myself i'm thinking things like oh my
god what is wrong with my hair i need to
figure that out or i really should have
put more makeup on for that video i look
terrible
or maybe i should stop making certain
facial expressions because they make my
chin look weird all in the grand scheme
of things really insignificant stuff but
the things i think we all think and feel
at some point especially us ladies aside
from the fact that we shouldn't be
comparing ourselves to others and being
overly critical anyway because that's
human nature shouldn't we at least be
doing that about important things it's
power I'm taking away from myself to
think about things like what kind of
topics I should talk about or what I
make different editing choices we're
just focusing on all the cool ideas that
this project has been bringing up for me
because by forcing myself to sit in
friends camera all sudden they have all
these cool like deep thoughts and I
should be using that cuz it's awesome
but instead of like god I should have
put some lipstick on I look terrible so
this week my intention is to spend more
time analyzing how I think and what I
make in less time analyzing how I look
because at the end of the day having
straighter hair or better clothes or
prettier makeup is not gonna make me a
better person it's not going to fulfill
the constant desire in my heart to
create something that can be proud of I
need to remind myself that I'm not here
just to be decoration down in the
comments tell me what your number one
hang-up has been so far
walking or even if you're not vlogging
what insecurity is holding you back from
achieving what you really want to
achieve we all have something and can
probably all use each other's help to
overcome it up forward to continuing
this conversation I'll see you tomorrow
bye
