hi friends it was kind of beautiful and
poetic that the subway ads on my way to
the movie theater were for Lion King the
musical if you don't know how I feel
about Lion King the musical seeing it
was the first time I was like wow
black people are talented and beautiful
I was sixteen and I wish for passed me
that it could have happened sooner I
wish that I had a wrinkle in time when I
was younger when I was in sixth and
seventh grade I looked a lot like storm
reads meg Marie I had the same glasses
curly hair good grades and low
self-esteem I desperately wanted to be
liked and to be liked
I needed a flat iron and lighter skin
and brand-name clothes and definitely
contact lenses but I didn't have those
things so I felt ugly
I actually remember my mom letting me
blow-dry my hair out straight for my
seventh grade school picture and I was
so excited to look more normal I was
going for this kind of cool flippy
mary-kate and Ashley look but it turned
out more of a mushroom bubble because my
hair was like no I don't think you
understand
wheat curl but that's what Meg wants to
she wants her family to look like a more
normal family she wants to look like
what she thinks is a more normal girl
but for most of the movie when people
tell her she's beautiful she doesn't buy
it not even from Oprah giant there's no
such thing as the wrong size Oprah God
Oprah and why would she in every teen
movie we grew up on we start with this
protagonist who's got problems usually
boy problems or find problems or both
and the way that she overcomes this
central conflict and becomes the hero we
always knew she could be is by
straightening her hair and getting rid
of her glasses becoming beautiful and
mild spoilers ahead in the wrinkle in
time movie meg is offered exactly that
she sees this vision of herself with
long straight hair no glasses and the
kind of perfect and be able outfit you
don't get by wearing hand-me-downs or
shopping at Kohl's her enemy that it
says look at
she's perfect I can make you perfect but
she doesn't take it that's not the
resolution of her problems in this movie
her becoming this version of beautiful
she's always wanted to be that's not how
she makes bends forgets the guy who
saves the universe it's the opposite of
that she wins by accepting her fault and
also by knowing which parts of her
weren't faults in the first place and I
wished in seeing that that I could test
her back to 2004 and just knock the flat
iron out of my hand
because when I saw that perfect version
of myself I didn't kick her off the
cliff I begged for contact as soon as I
could get them and I spent all my
babysitting money on lip gloss and
Abercrombie t-shirts and I straightened
my hair every day until college I only
stopped putting chemicals in my hair to
make my curls smoother and looser a year
ago it's been a lot of work to undo what
all those movie makeover scenes made me
believe that I was ugly and that I
wasn't enough and I just think about how
much money and burnt hair and
self-loathing I could have saved if I'd
seen wrinkle in time in sixth grade and
heard you're beautiful but also who
cares go save the universe in comments
tell me have you seen the movie what did
you think about it or tell me about a
time where you were able to see your
faults for the gift that they are if you
liked this video you can subscribe you
can find me anywhere on the internet at
its radish time if you want to support
me with your coin you can do that on
patreon and I will see you next week bye
