hi guys it is day two of log every day
in April and it was gonna blog just like
sitting normally on the couch
and then I realize just really hungry
but losing light so I'm just gonna blog
well alright start making my dinner I
hope that's cool so I'm not quite sure
exactly what I'm making the most is I'm
just gonna eat egg well rice and
vegetables of some sort and it's simple
special or anything but it keeps me
happy and I'm gonna throw some chickpeas
in because I've entertained protein
actually it's like me waiting it your
protein any plant food has protein and
if you eat enough of it throughout the
day like it basically if you're not real
nourish you're gonna get enough protein
and so it's a ridiculous question
stop asking it to people it's just kind
of my personal thing like I don't want
to
animals and that's fine and if you want
to that's fine
leave me alone and I'll leave you alone
everybody can make their own choices and
but this is gonna be loud so I actually
I was a freshman in high school so that
was nine years ago no and people always
ask me why but I kind of have an exact
reason I felt bad about eating gross
health reasons and it's later on the
environment and all that good stuff but
honestly a big part of me just doesn't
like me and that's okay
not even bacon actually which people
always ask me but like I'm not
interested in it at all
I remember my last piece of meat that I
ate was like we used to get these
sausage sticks from
and I don't know I used to think they
were really good but as far as meat goes
sausage is probably one of the most
disturbing kinds of me but I was eating
half way through I was just like you
know what I'm done and then I just never
ate meat again is it weird that I'm like
waving around the knife as I talk my if
I see you if you had tons of friends
asked me how to do it over the years is
to start learning about different kinds
of cultural issues that are different
from yours Indian food is actually a
really great one because a lot of those
dishes are just naturally vegetarian and
so you will find a lot of good stuff to
eat if you have no interest whatsoever
and becoming a vegetarian still like try
and learning how to do some meat free
meals because there's a lot out there
that is really awesome and you should
try it
but I am NOT here to tell you how to
live your life away per minute to cook
and it got all dark
got some kale and some chickpeas and
some rice in a bowl and I'm gonna eat it
it's gonna be great so tell me what you
had for dinner tonight or what you like
to eat or what your favorite meal is and
I will see you tomorrow bye
