hi guys my name is Taylor and welcome to
my channel
it is April so like many youtubers I
have decided to vlog every day not
exactly every day probably more like
every weekday or maybe six days a week
cuz I've got a lot of other stuff going
on but I will be here a lot so I think
it's probably a good place to start to
tell you a little bit about Who I am my
name is Taylor I said that already I
live in Wisconsin and I am 22 years old
my favorite food is falafel my favorite
color is forest green
I like gummy bears and I like reading my
favorite author is Kurt Vonnegut I've
got a big swath of shelf right over
there for him and in college I double
majored in English and Spanish I was a
writing tutor in the library it was
probably the best job I've ever had in
my life
so if you're in college right now your
school probably has a Writing Center and
you should probably go visit it because
they are freakin best got dog his name
is Winston he looks like a list I like
to travel up I've been to a whole
smattering of countries probably more
countries than states so maybe that's on
my list to do this here things that I do
for a living
my day job is in marketing for a
non-profit I also teach dance on the
side I have been a dancer since I was
three years old I also do some freelance
work in writing and videography and so I
keep very busy I have horrible horrible
vision I can play a guitar possibly I'm
married to this guy right here we met in
high school
so we've been together for seven years
now and it's been awesome another thing
about me is that I am very fond of
internet friends since I was a kid I
always had kind of trouble making
friends because I'm really introverted
but since like the early days of the
internet in like the late 90s I have
been parts of various online communities
I was always on message boards in high
school and stuff in and the people that
I've met online have been some of the
best and most influential people in my
entire life because like where else can
you find people that are so aligned with
your interests and also like so averse
to going outside so with that said hi
let's be friends let me know down there
if you're watching and I'll come say hi
to you as well and it'll be great all
right see you tomorrow bye
