hi friends small YouTube is really
important to me not just because I am a
small youtuber but because the small
YouTube space has been so formative for
me when I started watching YouTube a lot
in college it was this great space for
weirdos making weird things it was a
refuge from my everyday life where I
could finally fit in it was a place to
be experimental and creative and explore
ideas that were unprofitable and
ill-conceived and super cool and for the
most part this wild-west of weirdos
sensibility is stuck around in the small
YouTube community it's where I made most
of my art and most of my friends since
2011 and I think now more than ever a
small YouTube needs a celebration so
you'll want to point out to you some of
my favorite creators who have under
10,000 subscribers but are making really
awesome stuff first is oh hey it's
Dominator I first came across Diamond
here one time stories which was this
awesome storytelling project by another
great small youtuber lovelyz asus that
shaped a lot of what I'm making today
she's just like a really fun storyteller
like if you like Evelyn from the
Internet's you'll like Diamond and she
just came back to YouTube from a long
hiatus so it's a perfect time to
subscribe so feed room is just precious
and must be protected at all costs she
makes these really clever earnest
self-deprecating videos that I'm just
obsessed with it feels like talking to a
kind friend I may be biased on this one
but Santoro is a channel about climate
change environment
the vism that quickly became my favorite
educational YouTube channel even before
we ever met in real life they're easy to
understand they're beautifully edited
and they're super important right now
here's another one I'm by a song because
Nicole is a wonderful friend of mine and
so many of my videos with millions buy
our videos and vice versa so this never
ending content loop of admiration going
on but Sweeney says is one of the most
interesting people I know I love hearing
her stories and her insights and my only
wish is that she would make them more
and now for a couple of white dudes Mike
Egan
of Egan works is a very sponsored video
editor super woody and also a vocal
advocate for net neutrality which is
important we need more of those John
Aitken of John Bevere
as the most absurd sense of humor it's
like if 2012 tumblr came to life in
human form I'm obsessed with it I have
never understood when he did not have a
literal million subscribers okay white
dudes over but I bet you didn't think
that I watched Caucasian men talk on the
Internet you were wrong soozee of HIDA
life I found through a comment on a
video that I made about language where
she was talking about how she's learning
the Haida language to reconnect with her
native heritage on her channel she talks
a lot about native culture and I've
learned so much from her my name is
marinas is one of the few booktubers
that I regularly watch but I will click
on her reviews of books that I've never
read or even plan to read which speaks
to how thoughtful and engaging her
videos are Nirali a firewood sparkler
makes these really lovely well
considered video essays about media and
about her various identities and how all
of that shapes how she navigates
and finally Alexandra Taylor I can't
believe that she's even on this list
because to me she's just like such a
pillar of the YouTube community she was
instrumental inserting the women on
YouTube community and bringing this
shine theory and practice to a whole
collective of FEM identified creators
she also makes videos about disability
and you can tell that she's a teacher
from just the natural patience and
kindness that just radiates from her
videos so please go check all those
creators out I'll leave a playlist of
some of my favorite videos of theirs in
the endcard and in the description and
in comments tell me who some of your
favorite small creators are if you like
this video you can subscribe you can
find me anywhere in the Internet at its
radish time if you want to help support
my work you can do that on patreon and
I'll see you next week bye
