hi friends I remember being about six or
seven and my parents were trying to get
me over my case of world shrinking
shyness I was standing outside the
cinderblock concession stand at my
brother's little league filled with $3
crumpled up in my fists you can have a
cotton candy my parents said but you
have to go ask for it really all I had
to do was walk up to the window flatten
out my $3 and say cotton candy
can I have a cotton candy please if I
was feeling extra brave I stood at a
distance far enough away to not seem
like I was trying to order but close
enough to see those lined up tubs of
sugar the late summer humidity was
choking me just asked for it and I also
know that the moisture in the air meant
that the cotton candy would be kind of
like melted and crystallized so that you
could press it into a little cube and
eat it just walk up and ask for the
cotton candy but I couldn't do it
I felt so frustrated that my mom or dad
wouldn't just order it for me and put me
out of my misery but even with the
imminent promise of delicious pink and
blue cotton candy cubes I was too scared
to talk and thinking about my plans and
goals for 2018 I've been wondering a lot
about all the cotton candy I never got
what other things have I wanted so much
but couldn't have because I was too
scared to open my mouth I'll be honest
I'm often jealous when my friends get
opportunities that I'm not getting even
if I think that I'm working just as hard
or my stuff is just as valuable I kind
of imagined that the powers that be are
like watching my videos and watching
their videos and they're like well
Taylor is clearly not good enough let's
exclude her purposely from all the
things when in reality they probably
have no idea I exist why would they I've
never talked to them still I'm always
like I also want to work with that
person I also want to speak at that
event I also think that my stuff is a
great fit for that project why can't I
have the things I want to have okay well
you can't always get what you want but
sometimes you can
the last couple of years have taught me
anything it's that maybe it's not enough
to just work hard and hope someone will
notice you it's not even enough to have
the requisite number of dollars in your
hand you also have to walk up to the
counter and ask for it
so that's what I want to do this year I
want to stop worrying that I'm gonna
seem bossy or entitled and stop thinking
that I'm gonna come off like I want it
too much stop being afraid to spit it
out and ask for what I want so I'll
start now I'd really like my videos to
reach more people this year so if you
like them if you can think of one that's
maybe your favorite will you share it
with someone who you think might like it
that would really mean a lot to me
thanks in the comments tell me about a
time that you asked for what you wanted
or if you're more like me what's
something that you want to ask for now
if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can find me anywhere in
the internet at its radish time if you
want to support me with your coins you
can do so on patreon and I'll see you
next week bye
