my friends the last March I get a text
in my group chat it's four of my former
co-workers in me and one of them
announces that she just got a new job
offer I want to be happy for her but
ever since we all became on and put at
the exact same moment in November one by
one they've all been getting new jobs I
on the other hand have been sitting in
bed all morning reading product reviews
for a face wash that I already own I
think I'll get out of bed in the next 15
minutes but I've been telling myself
that every 15 minutes since I woke up
and it's already past noon I don't know
why I can't seem to get out of bed write
more cover letters or eat regular meals
but I've been sitting in bed so long now
that my legs feel like they're stuffed
with cotton like my body is not my body
and I can't get it to move and I'm the
last one without a job now and I'm stuck
there are a whole lot of philosophers
who have written about how our thoughts
ourselves I think therefore I am and all
that they like to write about how much
better things would be if we could just
free our think eNOS from these lumpy and
convenient flesh prisons and assume our
true form does luminous perfect thought
orbs just philosophy isn't around but I
don't know maybe it was all the ballet
classes or the tinge of recurring
depression that I know that I'm
definitely in my body and I certainly
hope that I'm not all of my thoughts cuz
when I felt most stuck like I did
getting those texts in March I would try
to think my way out of it if only my
brain would brain better I could get
myself out of this situation and get
some kind of momentum I could move on I
could make progress but I've started to
realize that my body does its own kind
of thinking like I won't realize that
I'm on the old block of my old office
until my heart starts speaking up in my
breath gets shallow or how when you get
off the plane in another country in the
clock that you read with your brains
this morning but you're growling the
stomach and heavy eyelids say it's night
or how I'm breathing without telling
myself to breathe so when I get stuck I
start moving start moving in any
direction reach out your arms wiggle
your toes start vibrating your vocal
folds maybe your body is smarter than
you
let it teach you something the writer
and artist Austin Kleon wrote recently
about intelligence in your fingers
afraid that he nicked from Pamela Olsen
medical professional who was talking
about feeling your way around drawing
blood
he said that feeling this is important
as thinking so I've been trying to feel
my way unstuck lately if I want to write
I let my hands do the writing
start with spirals or shapes until words
starts to happen is my mind moving fast
enough can my hands move faster and
often the physical act of writing turns
into the mental act of writing just like
walking and cooking and eating and
packing turned into feeling a little bit
better and moving a little bit more into
moving into my own apartment and getting
my own job it was just a bit of movement
that it took to get unstuck in the
comments tell me about a kind of
intelligence that your body has if you
liked this video you can subscribe you
can also find me anywhere on the
Internet at its Bradish time make sure
you check out my latest creators for
change video and I will see you next
week bye
