hi friends so a couple of months ago I
got an email in my inbox inviting me to
be a YouTube creators for change fellow
what like I love what we do on this
channel telling stories about how we see
the world and how we want to make it
better but do we you and me here in
these videos really create change well
yeah actually here's the thing since the
last election here in the US a lot of
people myself included are seeing how
things like hate speech and extremism
and xenophobia are showing up in our
everyday lives
the effect is personally they're really
scary and if they don't you feel like
maybe I don't have any power to fix this
I want to create change but I'm just me
I'm not strong enough to do it by myself
that's why I talked to one of the
strongest women I know Jess Morales
Ricardo is a friend a mentor and an
incredible activists stuff things like
up to luck President Obama she's fought
for workers to get fair wages she's
fought for immigrant rights she's helped
organize the protest that happened in
airports across the US in the wake of
the ban on people from Muslim countries
entering the u.s. if anyone knows how to
make things change its Jess let's go
meet her hi I'm Jessica and I like to
say that I'm a digital community
organizer which is a fancy way of saying
that I help recruit and connect people
to causes that they care about and I
mostly do it online if I'd never heard
of organizing before what is organizing
I think that right now like in 2017 from
era it can feel sort of like people I
always hear from people like I really
want to do something and then organizing
is the answer to what you would deal
yeah people are like I want to help like
what they really mean is I want to
organize they just don't know about
organizing yet and part of what we do in
organizing is try to figure out how to
change the things that we don't like or
maybe it's not even about not liking
them it's just like I know that things
could be better and organizing is saying
I'm gonna accept responsibility to make
things better
alright I'm familiar with this feeling
because when I was a kid I thought I was
gonna make things better just all the
things the whole thing to start I was
going to become a president and just
immediately and all Wars divert military
spending towards education and food and
housing for the poor things better so to
get ready in eighth grade I decided to
run in my school's mock election
I made a blog about my experiences and I
prepped for the debates and I quickly
figured out that it's a lot more
complicated than that like our
government is complicated and that's at
the federal level but it also it's
exciting sometimes especially
complicated when it gets down to like
something in my town and it seems not
right or my school wasn't for me it
means okay I have to find a solution to
the problem and to I think it means I
have to enlist other people to be part
of fixing it so I think that in school
folks make you feel like Rosa Parks like
went to the back of the bus and then she
never liked and that was it that's a lie
I mean she was amazing and courageous
and like all power to Rosa she was part
of a strategy that was about the
Montgomery bus boycott so there was her
and then there was a lot of other people
who were taking lots of different types
of action so it isn't like one person
there's always somebody behind that one
person there's usually a lot of
somebody's behind that one person so
that's why you have to enlist people you
have to say like come on all right
that feeling that you're just one person
well yeah you are just one person of
course you can't fix everything by
yourself that's why I couldn't even win
an eighth grade election on my own but
just explain to me that that's what
organizing is for it's so that you don't
have to do everything by yourself you
don't even have to do everything
maybe you just start with one small
achievable thing if you're like our age
if I'm used to like my food coming when
I order it yeah my groceries coming when
I in two hours after I order them I
didn't have to leave my house
I think that it's hard to be like yeah
in five years we might make some kind of
incremental progress that maybe you
never see so I also think it's really
important to think about what is the
impact that you want to make as a person
so as Taylor as just as whoever's
watching this like what's the thing that
you want to change
maybe you should be slightly more
realistic than full equality for women
look it takes a lot of people to do that
one person can't do that on their own
so maybe the answer is just like at your
school or at your job you like want
dudes to stop interrupting you like if a
dude heard that like you can't be
interrupted and then he stopped doing
that like that actually is progress what
I didn't understand was that even a
small fight isn't one that you take on
alone to change your office culture you
might need to talk to all the women in
your office to win a school election you
might need to gather up all your friends
even just turn to her friends who turned
to their friends who turn to thousands
of people protesting in airports
nationwide I recently organized helped
organize Airport protests all around the
country so when there was a Muslim
travel ban and people went to the
airport to protest it I helped meet
those happen it was amazing and people I
was like doing it over Twitter I know
people would DM me and knew like how do
I start a protest and the first thing I
said to them was go pick up some friends
your car and go to your friend's house I
just think like you know I like doing
most things with my friends I like going
to eat ice cream with my friends I like
binge watching TV shows with my friends
like and I also like weird amazing with
my friends it's easier to do when you're
alone there's more people to do the work
yeah but they're also like sort of two
heads are better than one
like they were trying to figure out a
solution for probably a fairly complex
problem you probably need some other
folks with you cool cool stronger
together safety in numbers let's just
gather up a bunch of people and we'll
win mmm not exactly true
see the thing that just taught me about
organizing is that it's also a game
stamina it's not quite patience its
perseverance you're going to lose some
battles in the fight for progress so
you've got to be ready to organize for
the long haul it takes a long time I
think about this in relation to women's
equality so your people always are like
oh like the 60s people burn their bras
but like actually no like in the early
1900s like sort of state versus fight
started and not even like even before
that like the progress that we have as
women has happened because people have
been fighting for literally 100 years or
more so I think when they put in the
context of a century I'm like okay so
there's like room to go but we have like
come a really long way and especially as
a woman of color I think about that a
lot like I'm latina and my grandfather
worked as a migrant farmer and my
grandmother worked at home because there
really wasn't another job for her except
maybe being a maid and oh my god my
other side my grandmother was a maid
and now I've worked for you know a
president yeah the first black president
you know and one of America's like
premier seats woman who ran for to try
to be the first woman president twice
that was in two generations so that
feels like a short amount of time to me
cuz like I know my grandfather yeah
right and so then I think about like
okay in two more generations
so my daughter's daughter look what
could that be like well she could
probably be the president it's gonna
take a long time to create big big
change and what's even more frustrating
is that not everyone's gonna be on your
team
one of my blog entries after that
eighth-grade debate was this one of the
girls on the other side kept telling all
the other kids that all minorities are
poor and they're not educated enough to
vote being a minority a mostly white
school I was really upset
and this girl doesn't even seem to
understand why that was my first taste
of realizing that when you want to make
change not everyone's going to like you
they may not always agree with you and
that's they may disagree really loudly
they may say terrible things or even get
violent
but according to just that's reason
enough to keep going those folks to me
are people that we just like haven't
persuaded yet we haven't like activated
yet I believe that 100% of people can be
a part of whatever you're trying to
change and so I use them like a little
bit of a temperature check like oh okay
well we're not done yet
in particular I think about this woman
Dolores Huerta who is the founder of
United farmworkers and she always says
like you know you can't be a good girl
that like when we're growing up people
tell us don't get your dress dirty and
linked be nice and like sugar and spice
type stuff yeah and like that and I
think that that has really helped me
when I'm a little bit discouraged like
there's a woman who worked in the fields
like picking your food in the fields and
she organized people and she's been
doing this since she was my age and
she's still doing it at like 80 maybe
maybe even she like gets up every
morning and like fights for equality the
things she's been getting up every
morning and doing for a long time and
like has been discouraged and just like
have them look out stop her we're not
gonna let it stop us either and here's
why I asked just to tell me the story of
a time when all the work all the losses
all the disappointments
were worth it a time when she got to
actually see the thing that she had been
working for happened I was coming home
from brunch when I saw that the first
air pro protest had happened at JFK
Airport and if you're not in New York
art it's like probably hard to
understand like nobody goes to JFK like
you could avoid JFK like at all costs so
the idea that New Yorkers would just
spontaneously go to JFK Airport was like
oh god an email from a friend who was
like hey we think there are protests and
other police' issues at the JFK Peart
she said that we think there are
participant on her places can someone
look on Twitter and see like if there
are other protests and I was like
looking at that on my phone and I was
like well I hope somebody does that and
then I was like on somebody it's me yeah
I should do it so then I started looking
and I couldn't believe it because it
couldn't find any other protest I
started searching new search terms on
Twitter I started like looking at my
friends who I knew were like likely
protesters and none of them had started
anything so then I Wikipedia what are
the 20 airports that are the most get
the most international flights every day
and I found that top 20 airports and I
was like okay that's our targets and
then I started calling friends who are
live in those places and then I started
tagging them on Facebook and tweeting at
them and then they started tagging their
friends and tweeting at them and you
know it kind of took on a life of its
own and then some group started planning
their own protoss as there is a
schoolteacher in st. Louis and she
Twitter DM me and she was like well I've
never played a protest but I really care
about this like what do I do and I sent
her that was like okay what's your email
and I sent her an email that was like
one get in a car and pick up some
friends to like then go some chants and
some songs to sing while you're in the
car on the way to the airport like three
when you get there don't leave like
they're gonna try to make you leave
don't leave it was something so big
right like and it wasn't just meet her
so many people who went to airport who
tweeted about it who planned it who made
signs who stayed there there were
hundreds of thousands of people that had
come out and I started kind of switching
into trying to show people what the
protests were like and I found a video
of the Dulles Airport and there were a
huge number of protesters and at the
Dulles Airport there's a big hallway and
there's the doors and on one side of the
doors was this woman she was in a full
covering and she was a Muslim woman on
the other side of those doors is
hundreds of people and they're super
diverse so and then we're holding
American flags some of them are holding
black lives matters
and they're like singing and there's
music and there's kids colouring and she
makes it through the other side and she
was clearly like a woman who had been
you know would have been affected by the
travel ban and she looked like when she
comes over like just the room just like
erupts and cheers again she at first she
like obviously what's a little scared
and bewildered which makes sense to me I
think I would kill I don't think she
knew that on the others I were all these
people who were trying to help make sure
that she could get through those doors
and then she gets excited too she might
interrupt and I had just I never seen
I've never seen people do that for a
Muslim woman I've never seen people do
that in the Dulles Airport and yeah I
just never seen and so many people do
that for immigrants and I had kind of
given up hope after November that that's
there were people like that and there
were there all over the world and they
stayed and they made it like so amazing
and I realized that I had to keep
answering the call I hope somebody does
not like about somebody is me and it's
them and it's that woman and I had
believed that I've told a story a couple
of different places and like every time
I'm like let me get it through it
without crying I was just one person
I was just one person in my small
apartment with my dogs
and I was tweeting yeah and it took a
lot of us doing that and it took us
going to airports and it took us making
signs and it took us being like I'm
tired after work but I'm still gonna go
mm-hmm and I think like that's what we
got to keep doing yeah all right okay
you've got me I want to be that somebody
I want to find something that's not
right and use organizing to make it
better but where do I even start
you should have a house party so okay a
house party and organizing is like the
very first step mm-hmm you call your
friends and you get together and you
could have some wine or some food and
you kind of figure out like what's the
thing that we want to change and
sometimes that can be big and sometimes
it can be small so I've been at a house
meeting where we decided that what we
wanted to change was and we wanted to
run a candidate for Congress and we
didn't have any money it's but we had to
go out on like research and figure that
out so I would say the thing that you
should do is you should get you and like
your best your best girls just glide
together and figure out what you want to
change and it's gonna take a little bit
of research and it's also gonna take you
kind of looking around and seeing who's
already trying to change it could you
partner up with them and then you should
try to do one thing right now I'm
helping some friends who are trying to
organize care packages for trans
servicemembers it could be like
volunteering for a candidate because
there's a really important election
coming up
or it could be going to a protest and
but I think like that's step one because
once you do at one time I mean I think
you'll do it another time
it feels really good it's like I say
that I say that organizing is the same
as exercising it can be a little bit
hard to get started but then once it
gets started you're like that glow you
can even like you can Google like how to
have a house meeting and there's tons of
resources online to help you do that
it's like something people have been
doing for many many many years lots of
your your favorite social movement BAE's
got their start like having a house
meeting with their friends um and I
suspect that after you do that one time
video you'll kind of see what you should
do next after that that is
I think a really good challenge because
it's you know I've done organizing in
different ways before but that is
something that I've never done so this
will be a new experience for me
yeah we can all do it together so great
okay so quick recap if you're playing
along at home first we're gonna decide
to be this somebody to fix a problem did
you do it did you decide great alright
we're already part of the way there
second we're going to pick something
smaller specific to start and third
we're gonna ask our friends to help us
I'm gonna ask my friends here in New
York for some help by throwing an
organizing house party but I'm also
gonna ask you my internet friends to
help me too I want us to all do this
together so if you want to also host a
house party for your own kind of
organizing there's gonna be a link in
the description to sign up to do that if
you host a house party and you do it by
October 14th I want to put you in a
future video and this creators for
Change series until then tell me in
comments about a thing in your state or
your city or your school or your job
that you want to change and I will see
you soon bye
