friends coming to you from my new
apartment this week where you're getting
like this really dramatic lighting
because everything over there is boxes
and they're going to get a little
Christmas in July to sleep on to
Catholic school in the US which means we
hit the Christmas and school thing and
it wasn't just like one craft project
before winter break it was look on one's
long men around December 6 or 7 and kids
in my school story time at this pre
event event called st. Nick's days where
you leave your shoes at night and st.
next publicize you have leads you
present in them and the kids who st.
Nick had visited the night before
couldn't agree what he brings because we
got monies and I got candy one kid got
one of those like sub LV and to have so
we're all sitting there wondering out
loud boys intense up cousins in Compton
and the teachers frantically explain
that some kids get their present on the
morning of December salads and some
we've issues up on the night of December
7th because obviously it takes a lot of
time to get all those houses and then
another one quick to add that of course
they make doesn't goes with everybody's
family because some people want
Christmas to just be extra special but I
wanted above the cent hat and since
we're already in full holiday prep in my
school making Advent candles with sheets
of B+ and hair dryers and memorizing
Facebook's gospel the second chapter 8
through the 17th verse has I'm not good
staticky feeling in my chest couldn't
understand why some kids could have
early mini Christmas and I couldn't so
on the right hands in school my brother
and I mentioned that we heard we're
supposed to first she's out and my mom
asked what we're supposed to get in then
I mentioned that I'm really hoping that
I get it into hat and my brother said
that he wants to get the same then I'll
pull the garage lots into the house and
ever so dramatically wait I need to run
to the bank and my brother and I are
used to her running after click errands
but if we hear her car pull out of the
driveway and the garage door go down we
look at each other just devilishly and
say 6:00 p.m. the bank's already closed
they were sent to half their shoes next
morning nobody ever told me when I was
little but Santa wasn't you know there
was no big revelation or realization
what's even that I just slowly came to
understand from noticing all the little
inconsistency no story
it just felt like it was real for some
time and their leader crouched in a
chair take my parent's garage it is what
I've been thinking about my beliefs
completely the ones more strongly held
the ones that I still have and I wonder
how I arrived at them some of it for
reading scholarly articles or learning
evidence was it by calculating some
logical equivalences how fast one man
would need to get in and out of every
chimney festering in time zone to reach
every child in one night probably not
most those things that I believe just
started with a feeling something that
made sense to me that felt right to me
and then only later did I find the facts
and evidence to back it up I'm thankful
and fine with that I don't really
appreciate this idea of objective reason
being elevated as a value over those
elites
feminine feeling especially because
those people who claim to form their
belief systems from complete unemotional
rationality crash a little bit below the
surface and there's plenty of feeling
there too involving messy complicated
and screw double emotions in our
decision making is you know messy
complicated and inscrutable but I don't
think it's always a bad thing
compassion is appealing and 50 is a
feeling hell outrageous of feeling and I
think sometimes that's soluble too you
can be based with the objective fact
that Santa isn't
the jingling of sleigh bells was just
car penis those reindeer whose were just
the clicking of your mom's high heels
but he believed that she loves you and
wants to give you a nice memory and
because of that you believed the other
things that she teaches you to be brave
and be kind to treat other people like
they mattered to believe that you
mattered not in shape how you see the
entire world facts matter now more than
ever of course but if you really think
that nothing that you believe is shaped
by feelings when you should try leaving
your shoes out overnight tell me in
comments how you came to believe
something they believed if you liked
this video you can subscribe to find me
pretty much anywhere on the internet at
its radish time and it will see you next
week bye
