hi friends so I just got back from the
YouTube creators for change social
impact Camden London the trip that
started with me missing my flights I've
always had this thing I called plane
magic which is that no matter what
things always work out for me and
therefore no delays no lost luggage get
stuck in traffic and roll ups disc a
forty minutes before your flight departs
turns out there's no line in security
and you can just stroll right there's
even a cool seven minutes
plane mat but what had happened was I
got back from VidCon late at night did
laundry pass by which point it was like
- am i needed see at the airport at
finish but a sleepy brain decided that
the time set my alarm to wake up and get
ready and summon a lift
during rush hour traffic get on an
international flight
so no more plane magic but they rebuff
me for later that night on the same
flight Prez Evelyn I slept most of the
trip on a fancy British airplane when
they can be things like champagne and
indeed booze and the leg wing there was
a car waiting for me at the airport
that's holding my name and it's fine and
true they drive on the other side of the
road got to my hotel but for three hours
later that night at drinks with the
other Creators to change hello someone
asked for my name and apologize but you
haven't like studied up on the website
enough yet know who everybody was and I
said it's cool usually it's easy to
remember me because
we Brown purchase up like look at that
and i gestured to a roomful of mostly
people of color from absolutely all over
all making good all in this room
clan magic may be over but I think I've
stumbled on a different kind of magic
now he spent two days learning about
using our platforms to create change a
little from the fun ways but YouTube all
of them the task of ambassadors they
told us that we're on our way to
becoming and a lot from each other about
30 people from 11 countries who all
cared about them deeply and wanted to
make them better
despite frequently being on the outside
of their systems of politics and house I
learned about reducing and budget and
accountability and in blocking politics
with the Brits by Germans to Indonesians
and again we need that things are pretty
much this scary everywhere this was
comforting some oh right because video
between drinking champagne and a rooftop
in London and falling asleep on an
indoor ostrich herb garden and having
cartoons drawn on our faces we work on
video projects that are meant to make
the world a little kinder and better and
safer I can't wait to see them and share
them with you I like back and forth
between letting it all go to my head and
feeling like I did not in any way
deserve it at all because it's not every
day that doing small good things a
little overtime gets recognized and
validated free youtube slide that's not
what I was its explorer of course we're
doing the things spite all its for
progress that we may never even lived in
see if we're not throwing merry and
doing good because in due time you will
reap if we do not give up but it's nice
to know that people like to small quiet
thing that we make here together may see
its potentials make change and it's nice
to Goldie for people who are trying to
do the same cleaning on the
double-decker bus in a giant ball of jet
lag and joy you're not there we read and
you
good commune friends help with that
foreign French frys glasses help with
that staying up till 3:00 a.m. making
plans helps with that so I'm excited
about my import project and the creators
for change community and making the
small quiet thing a bit louder more on
that soon for now in the comments tell
me what kind of magic is in your life
lately if you like to show you can
subscribe if you want to you can find me
pretty much anywhere on the internet at
its the radish time you can check my
Twitter Instagram if you want to see a
little bit more about what London look
like and I will see you next week bye
