okay so you know when you're traveling
here just kind of waking up and feel
like before you open your eyes that
you're in the place that you just came
from rather than a place that you are
this morning I'm just sliding into
consciousness and I thought oh I should
go downstairs a little dogs for a little
while because I'm going to be moving
today what you will see that and then I
was like wait no I already moved that
live in New York City now and then I got
sad if you've been around this channel
for any amount of time you probably see
me do this before I've looked at four
different tape this past year and I
don't cross country moves the past two
and I'm a person who doesn't handle
change the best be here having an
emotional crisis props it isn't here
having an emotional crisis about
feathers covering and here having an
emotional crisis about Earl Grey it's
kind of big of my amount to move and
panic and thought about it and this
morning I was getting bad and I thought
like your content is getting a little
too sale so instead I'm going to talk
about when I make fake life - what helps
me deal with it better probably the best
thing to do is call your mom you can sub
in like a good friend or another family
member but let me have a good
relationship with your parents I think
they're a little more powerful than
anything else
they'll be K comforting if your mom is
anything like mine she'll think that
between your DNA and typical and degrees
from us mid-tier private Midwestern
college you have the ability to
literally form celestial bodies with
your hands I'm not as good as my Mustang
fan but it helps to hear saying I'm not
using that I feel like music is getting
a library card I like you not first but
get a library card and above tops and
Metro car bike share membership sign up
to loyalty program I purchase or order
something online and get that email
address sit down at least two traveling
the route it also helps to be critical
of nostalgia and you can be helpful
look at old photos and think about all
the good things that you left behind but
I've been keeping a journal appearance
that's helping me to realize when the
felt is just inaccurate I like a dozen
entries about how all I'm going to do is
divide my apartment in Seattle and move
out of my parents house in Wisconsin and
now I'm doing it and I think about other
people within it like my friend Nicole
he wasn't around for more than I have
and I think she perhaps my most
interesting friend she's got so many big
how many stories and now I get to be the
person goes
a story I wanted to and it doesn't make
it any opportunity right away but a
dozen time I wanted to do this and now
I'm giving it and I wasn't I'd be
wishing I know what I also think what
people commented by 20 million places to
get out and explore the final any places
that you like and I think that spot is
giving out advice before but I've
discovered that the opposite is also
true if you move to any place you listen
you've got time I don't have to see all
of your city and weekend I can't really
feel that ever it can feel just as
grounding to just go up with some
scatter punch books of the show just be
like hey I'm having a normal night at
home home don't have to be so much at
once
so anyway I'm here working this weekend
which is great so far my job has been
great and I didn't even make a freaking
out about building blocks tell me in
comments what makes you feel if you as a
city subscribe I make these every Sunday
you don't find me pretty much anywhere
in the internet at its hottest time and
I will see you next week bye
