- so here's the story likes to tell as a
pressure in high school and you know how
you have to run the mile in gym class
and we're at once to fall and once in
the spring I'm flow so my fault mile
time was pretty miserable and in the
spring semester of this desperate not to
be lost I was really determined so I
gave it everything that I had and as
soon as I crossed the finish line my gym
teacher ones onto the track and says
Taylor you have improved but actually I
joined the track team
I got assigned run hurdles and I
practiced for hours hours every single
day until I actually was improving of
getting faster until a week before the
first track meet I go to practice I
stretch I warm up I run up to my first
hurdle and stop suddenly I'm terrified
of clipping it and falling on my face
like I can't get my body to lift up off
the ground I just run up and stop run up
and stop and I figure it'll be better
than I expected but it wasn't in fact I
cut just running and stopping all week
my coach actually asked me if she should
pull me from the right I done so many
times before that I knew that I could do
it if I could just get out of my head so
race day comes and in the starting block
the gun goes off I run up to the first
hurdle and sail over it and the next one
and the next one until halfway through
the race I look up just ecstatic that
I'm clearing these hurdles to see that
everybody else in the race has already
crossed the finish line well that story
by the way as he answers the question
tell me about a time you failed not like
in a job people just seem to be really
interested in those kind of stories
lately let's talk about failure let's
take away its power like have you ever
watched a TED talk we love to hear about
white guy tech CEOs who dropped out of
college
white guy tech CEOs lost a bunch of
money on one project and then came back
to be super successful and why context
EEOC
you get the pattern I think this idea is
particularly prevalent in start-up
culture where the whole idea of move
fast and break things become really kind
of glorified the only kind of way to get
better and succeed sure learning from
failure is good and important it teaches
us to be better professionals and
creators and people some people manage
to pick up from their failures and
really bounce back from it and some
people manage to kind of fail their way
up to the next level based on assume
learning whether it happened or not but
I want to talk about the people who
aren't that lucky you might be familiar
with this concept from the movie
industry is video exactly say don't
blood by women or people of color just
don't make us money and if we take a
chance and make one and it's not the
biggest hit we've ever had well we're
not going to make another one for a long
time meanwhile we got like an endless
parade of shitty superheroes careening
into infinity but it's not just movies
this phenomenon exists in every kind of
job including the presidency some people
are able to fail their way forward into
greatness but other people when you look
a certain way sometimes failure means
you don't get a second can and not just
you it might mean that people with power
or budgets or platforms or take a chance
on anybody like you there's enormous
pressure on your shoulders not to fail
you already have the expectation that
you have to be twice as good to get half
as far and that's not exactly congruent
with the whole idea of like move fast
and break things buddy let's just be
resist and get back out there and I
don't think it's entirely a coincidence
that this idea is prevalent in the same
types of industries that say like we
would hire more diversity but we just
can't find anybody qualified well what
assumptions go into your definition of
qualified are you celebrating the
failure one kind of person but taking it
as a sign of like deep personal
inadequacy in another if your company or
your startup or even your side project
claimed that failure is part of making
your work better if you value and even
pursue failure as a way to learn and you
damn well better also value and pursuit
of
voices and input some of those people
that these cultures of positive failure
tend to leave out the most and if you
yourself have succeeded on the heels of
failure be grateful for that privilege
and acknowledge all of the people that
helped you bounce back I think it's good
to learn from when you fail and open and
self-aware and tell those stories to
taste the way that fear that we all have
of coming up short but let me tell these
stories let's start including the times
we failed to clear our mental and
cultural hurdles in the way of being
inclusive let's talk about the times
that we've fallen behind and doing the
right things because that's how we can
learn to do better and succeed in the
comments tell me how you feel about
failure if you liked this video you can
subscribe I make videos every Sunday you
can also find me anywhere in the
Internet pretty much at its radish time
and I will see you next week bye
