hi friends these last few weeks have
been a lot Kevin thing how are you doing
you doing okay I'm feeling kind of worn
down as you might be too and it's left
me not knowing really how to create or
what to create so I was just sitting in
about the other night doing that thing
where you cycle through Twitter and
YouTube and Instagram and then you close
the table for YouTube and then you open
up a new tab and you type in youtube.com
without even thinking about it but this
time I'm glad I did because it just
happened that police shout out to police
was hosting a casual Q&A livestream so
if you don't already know who he is
she is putting out like two or three
really beautiful like cinematic
thoughtful vlogs every week so I jumped
in the livestream and I asked her how
like how and this time were everybody on
YouTube has burnout and the news got us
burnout and we're all just drained just
empty like how when the state of the
world is so ugly do you keep making
beautiful things she told me that she
just falls back on other kinds of
content like if you really burn out on
one thing try another format that you
know you're not burn out on yet or that
at least you know you can produce so
when I'm not telling stories or asking
you to participate in democracy I like
to talk about creative processes so here
we are the other advice that at least
gave me is that she likes to take in art
like making a point to go to museums or
just going outside and taking stills
with their camera just finding
inspiration in the art of other people
and that really resonated with me
because while ideas are not a finite
resource they don't come from nowhere
like never have I been sitting with my
notebook and just have like a magic bolt
of inspiration strike me from some magic
art angel in the sky I need to feed it
something which means I need to put at
least as much into my brain as I am
trying to get out of it that means if I
want to write I need to read if I
playing music I need to listen to it if
I want to make videos I need to watch
other people's videos I also make a
point to consume different kinds of art
than the ones that I'm making like if
I'm writing a story about my past one
thing that I really like to do is make a
playlist of you know what was the music
I was listening to at that time or what
evokes the same kinds of feelings which
is the background to that story sound
like even just experiencing something
really dope that someone else made at
least gets me in the spirit of making
something so I like to read books about
making I hear a couple of my favorites
or if I'm really in a rut I will start
with like a graphic novel or a book of
poetry because they're usually pretty
quick to get through but they're so
packed with story and feeling that I'm
like man I wish I'd made that wait let
me try to make that and that's where you
turn creative input into creative output
like if there's something that you
really like in the way that someone else
edited a video or illustrated a picture
instead of looking up a tutorial or
texting them to ask how they did it just
try to do it yourself I've been doing
this a lot over the past several months
like you could go through my last six
months the videos and be like oh this is
the video where Taylor is trying to copy
this other creator like go take guesses
in the comments cuz if you're right I
will be thrilled because that means like
kinda did it but only kind of cuz
inevitably I'll mess something up or
I'll change a technique just slightly or
parts of my writing style which i think
is kind of the closest to my signature
thing at this point will change how it
all comes across to you you have the
place that you're trying to get to and
where you are and you end up in this
third really interesting place the trick
is you've got to do it with a lot of
different people otherwise you never get
to that third place you just end up in
the genre of people who are trying to
copy the exact style of whatever is hot
right now like if you really want to
vlog like Casey Neistat fine he's not a
bad guy to learn from just pick like for
other people please because then you get
to try on all these different styles
and techniques and collect the parts you
like and dish the ones you don't and
suddenly you're your own thing just like
everybody else that you admire and look
up to that you think is super unique
they're all just a product of the
environment that they create for
themselves and that environment can be
filled with Twitter notifications and
despair or it can be filled with hope a
little rage and a whole lot of art in
the comments tell me who or what
inspires you to create or you can tell
me whose style you'd like me to take a
stab at next if you like this video you
can subscribe you can share it with
someone who you think might like it you
can also support me on patreon because
we're really really close to getting to
my goal of starting a monthly live
stream where we can workshop products
together and I'll answer your questions
and give you advice about writing so
it's like this but interactive so if you
want that there's a link to my patreon
and I will see you so soon bye
