hi friends so about ten years ago when I
was about a junior in high school my
parents told me that we were getting a
dog so naturally what I did was locked
myself in my room and cry and everyone
with pets bigger than hamster so I
wasn't used to dogs for one I'm not a
large person so a medium to large dog
who was really excited to see a stranger
would have not so difficult a time
knocking me off my feet - I'm allergic
to the shitty kind and three every so
often I'd go to a friend's house who had
a dog and they'd be playing fetch and
encourage me to throw the tennis ball
tennis ball covering with dogs but the
cold dog spit from an animal that I
wasn't too fond of I did not want a dog
but my brother was going off to college
and somebody would have to replace him
so my parents brought home Winston
it was maybe half as big at the time
about four times as much fluff but I
approached him with a lot of suspicion
because I never asked for dogs but I'm
going to have to let him outside every
day when I came home through school
and I'm the one whose belly shoes he
decided to eat the two of but every day
I'd come on from school and have a
couple hours of this little guy over for
my parents got home so cautiously we
started to find some common ground
it started with casually incorporating
them into my myspace photo shoots
because everybody knows small dogs equal
big likes and expanded into us
discovering our shared love for cheese
and me occasionally sneaking him nibbles
of cheddar and eventually it grew to me
carrying my little 10 pound ball of
blood with me everywhere I went by the
time we got him a year I caught up my
bedroom every morning and sit right here
and paddle the steps and Winston would
come bounding up the staircase for some
a snuggle tag when I went off to college
I cried the most at leaving Winston's
and I'd come home for breaks my parents
would joke that I was there to visit
Winston first and then second in that
order the ten years later when average
from the top of the stairs once channels
still come running the little buddy's
pretty sick these days he's got cancer
and doesn't always have the energy to
run up the steps when I call I don't
know how much longer we happen things
like I want more time I want this dog
and I'm glad he changed my mind
so in the comments tell me about an
animal he blogged and I will see you
next week I
alright where's my girl
