hi friends so about a week ago I went to
a live storytelling event in Seattle
it's something that I wanted to do for a
long time inspired by friends like
Sweeney and Leslie who have done the
thing in real life and I had a story
that I've been writing in my head and on
various bits of paper for about a year
that I wanted to finally tell so I walk
into the coffee shop 15 minutes early
and already every seat in the place is
full I have to squeeze through rows and
step over bags and ankles to get to the
front of room to put my name in the
mythical coffee pot of power and
attention they alternated between
regulars people who come to be mint all
the time and always tell a story and
newbies like me so every time another
name was called I got this fizzy feeling
in my chest both hoping that it was me
and dreading that I would have to go out
there and then just go look so about
eight stories later the host came up
with one more name as hand in announce
that he would be the final newbie of the
night and then I felt this little drop
of disappointment until he closed it out
with please welcome
Taylor gender-neutral names they'll get
you tell him a story out loud is not the
hard part I've already done that a good
330 times for the first couple of
minutes I was mostly focused on making
sure my mouth was close enough to the
mic and then I got to a line that was I
mean particularly funny and loud I
reacted as if a cat to a cucumber see
I'd been nervous about the people so I
knew they were there but I wasn't used
to people reacting to my talking and I
didn't know what to do do I pause and
wait for them to stop do I just keep
going I landed accidentally somewhere
kind of between the two and just laughed
at my own jokes but I'm pretty sure was
the wrong but it's different than what I
make videos because I don't have to deal
with the reaction when I'm talking to no
one kind of Nicole Sweeney same Sweeney
from earlier just made this video about
something called context collapse and
her video gives like a way more smart
and academic
definition so go watch hers but the best
way I can think to describe it is the
feeling of when you're talking to
everyone and no one
all at once been trying to reconcile
that in your head she talks about how up
until now she's always imagined herself
talking to her friends because in a way
she always has been but for me that's
been quite the opposite I always kind of
imagined myself talking to no one but
context collapse that's not exactly true
because the reason that I was coming to
a storytelling event in the first place
was that it was a story that I didn't
feel like telling here for all of the
internet and anyone to see forever like
I know I have family members who watch
these but I have to pretend that they
don't otherwise it get to in my head
about what they think to write because I
talk differently to you than I would to
my mom unless of course the you here is
my mom it's like a philosophical version
of the thing where you're talking to
somebody on the phone and there's an
echo and pretty quickly your brain kind
of just short-circuits itself and you
can't talk at all I'm just much more
comfortable talking to strangers and
maybe that's because or it's someone who
puts all her thoughts on the internet
I'm a pretty private person in the
physical world and maybe it's because
when you know someone in person you form
patterns and rules and ways of talking
that can conflict with the way that you
talk to somebody else and if both of
those people are watching the same video
you have all these specific context
collapsing on top of each other but you
can't code switch your way out of a
youtube video you can't make anything
for everyone so when I'm speaking to the
camera I'm speaking to someone I've
never met somebody for whom I have no
context at all so tell me in the
comments when you talk in the internet
who are you talking to if you like this
video you can subscribe if you're so
inclined you can also find me on all my
social medias in the links below and I
will see you next week bye
you
