hi friends so stuff is not great I've
been struggling over the past week with
what I can do to stop the u.s. from
becoming the Thunderdome and maybe
you've been wondering the same thing
and a couple of weeks ago my friend
Rowan tweeted wondering what if we could
make activism blow up on YouTube like
tag videos a cinnamon challenge for
democracy if you will
my boyfriend calls my senator so in that
spirit I'm gonna tell you five ways that
you can fight back against hate bigotry
and fear in the US or whatever your home
country may be and they're all things
that take less than five minutes their
first steps for sure but if you don't
know where to start
start here challenge one save the phone
numbers of your elected officials in the
u.s. start with your two senators and
one representative in Canada or the UK
that's your MP calling your
representatives is one of the best ways
to affect legislative change and yeah
it's a little bit scary
I get major cry boys every time that I
try to call one of them and I have to
like throw my phone across the room
after but you can start psyching
yourself up to call them by knowing how
to reach them all you have to do is who
they are if you don't know yet all of
their offices phone numbers are public
and just save them in your contacts I
keep them in my favorites so it's
literally like mom dad senator patty
Murray we're like best friends challenge
to set up a recurring donation there are
a ton of great organizations already
working to protect civil rights
immigrant rights LGBT rights
reproductive rights basically everything
that our current administration is
trying to dismantle and you can keep
them going by donating time or money but
if you donate money try to set up a
monthly recurring donation those are the
ones that help organizations budget for
all those times when there's not a big
news hit that brings in a ton of cash
like you can only got no money right now
but I just set up a $5 a month donation
to the ACLU that's one bath bomb that's
a singular falafel but for justice
challenge three find a protest so maybe
like me and you were just chillin on
snapped
today and then all of a sudden you're
like wait why is everybody at the
airport
why don't anybody tell me and I number
right there and I already sing tonight
and I feel like my protest sign slogan
needs like a little more workshopping
before I'm ready to take it out again
stop that
just go to facebook-dot-com you click on
the events tab you type in the name of
your city and protest look now you know
what's happening pick one
sign up also put some links below two
sites that are aggregating protest
information but if that's the best way
that I found to do it so far but if you
have a better one by all means make a
video and teach the people challenge
before run for office okay so that takes
like way longer than five minutes but if
you've ever thought for a second thing
even you'd make a better president than
cheeto Leaney over here then you should
really think about representing your
folks at a local level so here's what
you can do in the next five minutes go
to run for something net they're a group
that helps young people run for office
and sign up for their email list to
either learn more about how to run or
how to support other young people who do
challenge 5 this is the last one and I
think the most fun listen the garbage
fire of America burns on dumpsters and
dumpsters of fear it's easy to whip up a
bunch of hatred and animosity for a
group of people if you don't know any of
the people so take time to listen to
people who are different from you you
know what their lives are like what they
care about what they need from you in
their own words if you want to advocate
for them I mean you're off to a good
start because you're watching a video
made by queer brown lady but leave your
recommendations and comments for
youtubers who are immigrants or disabled
or Muslim or trans or any group that's
under attack right now then take a look
at the other comments find someone
you've never heard of before and
subscribe so now it's your turn so if
you're ready to start doing the activism
thing just set a timer for 5 minutes see
how many of these things you can get
done before it goes off and then tag 5
of your friends to do the same of course
if you do them all you win the tears of
a bald eagle a Twitter follower from
Lady Justice and like a general
superiority so get together I'm gonna
tag Asante Rowan akela rosianna and
Riley but if you also make a video
please tweet it to me at its radish time
so I can share it and I will see you
next week bye
