hi friends so my first job was at Bed
Bath & Beyond I was 16 and my parents
mandated that I had to work over the
summer but never having had a job before
I wasn't having a lot of luck the Bed
Bath & Beyond had a perpetual now hiring
banner over there automatic doors so my
dad drove me out to the strip mall to
put in an application so I filled out an
application in the store and as soon as
I turn it in they asked to interview me
me in my t-shirt and cutoff shorts while
my dad waited in the parking lot
pretty much every interview question was
a variation on will you steal for months
and because I said no they hired me on
the spot so on my first day after
watching training videos in the locker
room and being told that my jelly shoes
would not be work appropriate Footwear I
get assigned to the register and it
didn't take me long to get it down to
his silence I could run through a
backed-up line like nothing I perfected
my tipper customer service voice
sometimes even got assigned to work the
gift-wrapping station or refold the
towel wall which honestly were the best
assignments because you didn't have to
talk to anyone and after about two
months of working there they hired
another girl who was about my age she
was tall and blond and had a slight
southern accent and her name was Tyler
she was also a cashier so we never
really worked the same shift so I'll
never know if she could process a price
match quite as quickly or hold at all
quite as well as I could but I do know
that one evening I was going around
heading things off after store closing
and the manager like the top manager of
the whole store came by and said hey
Tyler can you run a vacuum through here
Tyler but I have graduated to the
customer service desk now how do you not
know what my name is and then the deluge
every day I'd show up to work and
there'd be another one Tyler can you
fold these towels Tyler this woman needs
to process a return you can go on your
lunch now Tyler but I was here first
also what girls do you know mean Tyler
you should be getting her name wrong not
mine is what I said
head butt out loud I didn't say anything
ever not for the next two months that I
worked there's more and more people call
me by the wrong name
I just process the returns and bolted
the towels as Tyler until I went back to
school these days that's definitely not
something I'd let slide but I think that
as young girls were taught
however implicitly that it's rude to
correct someone that it's unladylike to
assert yourself that saying hey that's
not my name well somehow detract from
your excellent towel folding abilities
so it took me a long time to get
confident enough that I could stand up
for myself
even in a little way last week at work
someone knew someone who is still
learning names said hey Tori and I said
it's Taylor and everyone survived so in
the comments I want to know about a time
that someone got something wrong about
you did you speak up if you liked this a
you can subscribe to face online you can
also find me on all my social medias in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
