hi friends so every year about this time
my parents would take me to this little
shoe store and the mostly abandoned old
waiting mall near my house I've got to
figure out a new pair of shoes usually
running shoes because they'd last me the
whole year and you walk into the store
and there's just this wall of just the
left shoe of a bunch of white sneakers
some have a metallic blue stripe on them
or some have purple embroidered
butterflies and I hate all of them this
older white guy kind of balding comes up
and makes me stand on that little metal
plate you know the one they use to
measure your feet and I'm a three or a
four whatever it is before you graduate
into the adult sizes so I point to a
couple of pairs on the wall that I would
be willing to try on and Baldy guys goes
into the back to get some boxes when he
comes back he tells me and my mom that
some of the parents that I picked
weren't in stock in my size so he just
brought a couple of other options I
unveiled on my summer sandals and slide
on those gross little nylon hoody things
while shoe store guy opens up boxes that
smell like fresh cardboard and unstuff
s-- the shoes of their tissue paper and
those little packets of silica we will
do not eat he laces up pair after pair
of tennis shoes and presses on my toe
with his thumb to make sure that they
fit I have to pace around the crowded
store to make sure that I find them
comfortable but I super don't care I'll
settle on one of them eventually but in
one of the boxes however it got there is
something entirely different it's a pair
of black platform Mary Janes
and the strap actually buckles the soles
are thick and rubbery and the closest
I've ever come to a high heel when he
presses the toe with his thumb they fit
and I get to take them home they were
supposed to be my dress shoes for
wedding to church and on the first day
of school
but I start wearing them
everywhere with my nice dresses but also
with like white athletic socks and flare
jeans they start to take on a distinct
gray dust from the gravel on the
playground and there's still my favorite
thing until one day in my after-school
program I bend down to reap uncle my
shoes and the strap rips right off as I
held it in my hand I knew my parents
weren't gonna replace them and I'd have
to go back to white tennis shoes with
embroidered daisies and I started crying
and then I thought about how only babies
cry and babies don't get black platform
Mary Jane's with real buckles and I
started crying even harder my after
school teacher sat with me as my legs
dangled off of the ledge that surrounded
the playground and tried to explain to
me that I'd get another pair and that it
would be okay but by the time my dad
picked me up she given up entirely
because she'd never understand that to
me these were a lot more than just shoes
so in the comments I want to know what
was the first thing that made you feel
grown-up and what makes you feel that
way now if you like this video you can
subscribe if you're so inclined you can
also find me on all my social medias in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
