hi friends so by now you may know about
my fondness for compost but do you know
how it started
honestly I don't really either because
it was always this background part of my
life like brushing my teeth or going to
the grocery store I remember finding
worms in my backyard and tossing them
into the compost pile long before I had
grown out of thinking worms were cute I
didn't notice compost at all because who
would until it was gone my first year of
college was rough I spent most of it in
and out of the Counseling Center just
trying to untangle that ball of anxiety
that sat just below my throat and while
I managed to make it to year 2 things
weren't feeling much better my roommate
was a girl from my therapy group and I
hadn't really managed to make my own
friends yet instead I fixated on this
collection of little things that felt
strange and uncomfortable to me little
things like not having my own bedroom
door to shut little things like not
having my dog to jump up in excitement
when I came home
little things like peeling my carrots
into the trash bin instead of the
compost I was home for Christmas break
complaining to my dad while tossing
carrot shavings into the compost bucket
and he was just like well fix it you
nerd isn't there's someone you can email
tell them that you want to compost and I
brushed him up but I was already
googling for a contact it wasn't long
before I discovered that my school had
an Office of Sustainability and emailed
that office and been invited by that
office to a meeting the purpose of which
was to tell me you know there were a lot
of reasons they couldn't compost they
said but to me it just sounded like a
lot of really friendly excuses it would
be too expensive and we don't really
have anywhere to put it and the volume
would just be too much
I felt entirely deflated but
I suggested that I channel some of my
energy into joining the student
environmentalists Club I've never really
considered myself an environmentalist
before where I grew up the things that
my family did weren't eco-friendly they
were just normal
we've load up my dad's old truck with
soda cans and newspapers to take them to
the recycling center before a single
stream or curbside recycling was ever a
thing and on the way home we'd stopped
to weed and water our plot at the local
community garden I'd stuff my pockets
full of fresh green beans and eat sugar
snap peas straight off the vine and once
I got home the tops of the pea pods
would go straight into the compost bin
so maybe I was kind of an
environmentalist at the
environmentalists club meeting when we
went around the circle to talk about why
we were there I talked about my compost
mission - just a bunch of nodding heads
nobody thought I was weird for
being so singularly obsessed with
compost together we did some research
and made a plan and I reached out to a
local nonprofit we found that collected
food scraps from restaurants and turned
them into compost for local community
gardens maybe they'd be willing to do
something on a larger scale
turns out they were super jazzed and we
were super jealous and we just had to
get the office of sustainability jazzed
we tried to get a meeting and then try
it again and try it again
until months into my quest I was across
the table from the same people who had
brushed me off before and the director
of this nonprofit and me anxious make no
friends who was totally unprepared for
the possibility of success it was
entirely improbable that I would get
this far but here I was pitching
campus-wide composting because some
months ago I was bitching about carrot
peels by the end of the meeting we had
worked out a plan to start with just one
dining hall in the fall semester
and expand from there it was less than
what I wanted but at least it was a
start and I was still soaring because at
least I had a start now - a little piece
of purpose a little circle of people who
thought I was all right a little tiny
feeling that I could make a thing happen
we could start small and expand from
there so in the comments tell me about a
time that you found your place or your
purpose or your people even if you're
still figuring it out and if you liked
this video you can subscribe if you're
so inclined you can also find me on all
my social medias in the links below and
I will see you next week bye
