hi friends so traveling is a huge
privilege it's definitely not something
that everyone gets to do it's not
something that my parents got to do when
they were younger so once they had the
means to travel when they were older
they went all out they got guide books
they saw travel agents they booked tours
they traveled with the understanding
that hey this may be the only time I get
to be in this place in my life so I
don't want to miss anything important
but ever the ungrateful child that I am
I always found that style a little too
mainstream once when I was 17 sulking on
the top of a double-decker tour bus in
New York City Nirvana in my ear buds I
vowed to do things differently I didn't
want to be looking down on everything I
wanted to be in it so when I visited in
city I don't do all too much planning in
advance I like to visit a place as if I
live there I'll get food at a grocery
store and eat it in a park I try to find
an art museum and a bookstore I just
wander it's a really lovely way to exist
in a place and I almost start to feel
like a local in every way except that if
I were actually a local I would be
sitting in my own apartment not doing
anything which is what after living in
my third new city in less than a year I
catch myself doing more often than not I
will going to play so tourist-oriented
that when I tell people where I am I'm
often met with wait people live there
but I myself don't get out much so I
thought that because I like to travel
like a local that when I'm actually
local I should try living like a tourist
my current residents
a definite expiration date I'm only
going to live here once so why not act
like it I've tried in the moments that
I've been able to to check out some
monuments and landmarks that I thought I
would never see a couple weeks ago I
went up in this massive ferris wheel
they have here and from way up there I
could see all the things that I find so
strange about this place there's this
concentrated burst of every kind of
glittering light in the universe and
then suddenly seemingly nothing who
would have thought that I'd find myself
here and that I think is a different
kind of wandering so in the comments
tell me the way that you like to travel
and if you liked this video you can
subscribe if you're so inclined you can
also find me on all my social medias in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
