my friends so a year ago at VidCon a
bunch of women gathered up in a room and
talked to each other about how we could
community better it was heartwarming and
wonderful and branched out into a
Facebook group and femtube on the first
Monday of every month and bi-weekly
femtube chats so many of you are part of
that community too and it's been
wonderful to watch us all shine together
so Rhiannon and Ally part of the femtube
coven started the tag to celebrate where
it all began it's called YouTube girls
and it's all of us showing our creative
process y'all know how I love a creative
process so it's time to pull back the
curtain this is where I would
dramatically like pull back a curtain if
I had one but I don't so I start with an
idea of the kind of story I want to tell
I keep a running list and this here
notebook and if I don't have one in mind
I will start mining some books about
writing for an idea or I'll do this
thing that I learned from Linda berry
where I write down every letter at the
alphabet and then I come up with a word
that starts with every letter and then I
just doodle for a while until one of
those words turns into a story from
there I script out my entire video
usually almost word-for-word so to all
of you who say such lovely things that
when I speak it sounds like slam poetry
I don't actually talk like that it's
just that my writing style is kind of
lyrical you can blame all of the emo
music I've adjusted over the years I
usually shoot in the mornings before I
go to work I try to do it on a day that
I've washed my hair so that my hair
looks nice and I will finish up my
scripts while I wait for my hair to dry
usually when I film I do a little more
makeup than usual like a cat eye or
bright lipstick because I like the way
that it looks and I think it's one of
the only things that visually
differentiates one video to the next I
have the tiniest of apartments right now
so I stand in front of my wall of
instagrams and I put my tripod at the
foot of my bed and make sure that my
battery is charged and that my mic goes
on usually I do thing where's
lightly to myself first to figure out
how I wanted to come out of my mouth and
then I say it out loud usually I do a
thing where I recite a line quietly to
myself first to figure out how I want it
to come out of my mouth and then I say
it out loud once I finished filming I
will import ten to fifteen minutes of
video into Final Cut Pro I have Adobe
Premiere on my computer I should be
using Adobe Premiere I'm not using Adobe
Premiere I cut it up and go through it
again to make it more precise add music
and an end screen if I'm doing any kind
of fancy sushi graphics I will export it
and bring that into After Effects
usually I'm frantically texting my
friend Miriam who does this kind of
thing professionally to talk me down
every time I mess up I export I upload I
make a little thumbnail the colors don't
mean anything I just picked them based
on whatever I'm feeling that day I don't
really do a good job of SEO things I'm
like horrible at titling videos usually
it's something from a song lyric or a
line from a book that's been stuck in my
head since I started writing it I try to
find like a dip abit for when I want to
tweet the video so now I have a lot of
gifs of my face and that's okay I love
watching all of y'all's comments roll in
and I try to respond to them definitely
the first day but usually after that I
will forget or not have time to come
back and I'm sorry but that's my
favorite part because usually the whole
time I'm making a thing that I think
it's trite or boring or useless and then
you guys sort of prove me otherwise
and I remember there's this thing that
we made here all genders but honestly
mostly women and we help each other out
and lift each other up so that we keep
making things so tell me about how you
make things in the comments below or if
you make a video I will be trying to
watch as many of those as I can I'll
also link the playlist and I will see
you next week bye
