hi guys I'm here with Rowan her channel
is Rowan Ellis Rowan makes these really
amazing videos that are like media
critiques through a queer feminist lens
yes without be an accurate description
yes so I thought while I have her here
we would talk about YouTube's very
favorite topic
feminism how did you become or decide
that you were a feminist I don't think
it was like her like here is my decision
this is who I am now kind of moment so I
went to no girls school so I feel like
there was kind of trickles of it it was
always taught like when we were doing
work in English we would have a focus on
female writers especially for our last
year so it was kind of something that
was just always assumed to be on our
minds but I don't actually know that the
word feminism was used the word or the
label feminism was and kind of stories
unnecessarily controversial I was an
advertising major at first we would like
deconstruct ads and look into what they
were using to appeal to their target and
I was like this is not great
being a woman who really loves to
consume like fashion and beauty and
things I was sort of like oh they are
trying to hurt me to get me to do these
things I know that so much of it even
still relies on like sexism and misogyny
as well as like various other kinds of
stereotypes and damaging attitudes so
yeah I totally get the whole kind of
advertising being one of those gateways
and like realizing how most up stuff is
know how do you think your understanding
of it has changed or your your practice
of it I guess has changed so I feel like
my understanding of intersectionality is
probably the biggest thing that's
developed when I got it a little bit
more settled and started to dig a bit
deeper into it it became something that
was like intrinsically linked to my
feminism and like I couldn't
practice it without having that kind of
thought process going on at the same
time with intersectionality like I come
out it from different angles so like
myself being a queer woman means that
like my identity feeds into that but
also knowing so at university I was the
president of the LGBT Society and so I
had a responsibility to look out for
like every member of that community as
well are there people that you ban from
coming and speaking of University
because you feel like their views on
particularly productive and a big one
who has been banned is basically people
who are trans exclusionary radical
feminists I wasn't I didn't even
contemplate that this was a thing that
people would think but it was a huge
part of a particular wave of feminism I
feel like learning more about the
history and the academia feminism has
often isolated myself like isolated me
from that label and from that identity
because it feels like so much of it when
it was developing seeds very rudimentary
even though it was like very complex
academic text it doesn't feel like it
has the kind of understanding that I
often find from like Tumblr posts from
people who have experiences and have
thoughts and have a community of people
around them who are also influencing
those thoughts and making them more
complex and personal that to me is where
I feel more comfortable I think my
feminism has gotten a lot more
intersectional over the years too I had
a lot more internalized racism than I
had internalized misogyny so it just
took longer to break down and it took a
lot of really really awful sad events
for me to start kind of rallying around
my community that way my feminism has
never been academic yeah I I have the
Tumblr feminism the Beyonce feminism
that's kind of my thing it just feels
very exclusionary in a lot of ways I
think I've served much better by just
like talking to women and hearing their
experiences the academic stuff
especially is that it's like in a bubble
right like someone write something and
it was true to their experience then and
sometimes they write that in fancy
language with fancy words but it is like
a crystallization of that moment and I
feel like so much stuff is changing and
shifting around society around the
treatment of gender in society but our
awareness that to hold on to those
things that happened in a different time
and place when you're discussing
something that's
about people's lived experiences it
makes like no sense to me even if it
wasn't elitist and everyone had access
to these texts it just wouldn't make any
sense better for me to listen to what
people exactly said listen builds
experiences and get your thoughts from
empathy we rather than from academia I
think the other kind of problem with
academic feminism is you often don't
reach it until you're of an age where
there's already so much to undo yeah you
see like younger women like early teens
even middle school age coming up in a
space where like they don't necessarily
have to be afraid of like claiming that
label or they're very critical of things
like advertising like from the jump
before they've already been damaged
enough by it it's just really exciting
to see like this like group of teens
come up where they're like no I believe
in gender equality and like I am really
happy with my the color of my skin
and like I'm queer and it's awesome like
so early yeah our generation and
generations before us it took us so much
longer to find that place in the
comments I want to know do you claim the
title of feminism how did you find it
and how has it changed cool
go subscribe you're on if you're not
already I'll put all of her links below
yeah see you next week bye yay
