heavens thank you so much for your
lovely poetry suggestions last week I
along to read / to watch lists but I'm
working through so don't be surprised if
they show up his themes of future vlogs
so at age 14 I was brand new to contact
lenses skinny jeans and a very
unflattering set of side bangs my best
friend and I was sustaining a crush on
the same person which happened
frequently and they usually picked her
but this time I was going to win which
meant that I actually had to talk to the
dude so one day after school you're
loitering in the cafeteria my bestie ni
and she of blond hair and blue eyes and
the power of casual direct conversation
sets her target so I tagged along I see
her talking to him him talking to her me
saying something I can't quite remember
falling out of my mouth like cotton
balls until my brains which is back on
halfway through the Sailor Moon theme
song so I used to teach ballet to middle
schoolers and I've seen them do that
same kind of thing a thousand times so I
always have had a certain affection for
humans at that age who are just so
hungry for attention and approval that
they're always talking with a slight
exaggeration always just drink a little
too wildly always trying just oh so very
hard to be loved and sometimes you can
see the dull panic crossed their eyes
when they realize that they've maybe
gone a little too far and now they're
singing a theme song and they made it
weird
the thing is it doesn't just live in my
first year of high school or theirs it
doesn't go away maybe we get a little
bit better at stopping ourselves or we
just burrow so deeply into ourselves
that we don't speak at all because we're
just afraid of feeling like we're not in
control still more than a decade after
the hot dread in my throat in the cafe
tyria I still catch myself talking too
loud sometimes I get overexcited shoot
off at the mouth well into a dolphin so
many of us find ourselves mr. krabs
meaning in slow motion whenever we say a
thing just utterly powerless to stop it
but goddamnit if it isn't because we
just want to be loved so bad that our
voices straining just above our normal
register are at the same time shouting
oh don't do it and please just please be
my friend
so in the comments I want to hear a
story about a time where you were just a
little extra did you live through an
adolescent Sailor Moon serenade did you
blather on for just a little too long
last weekend did you survive if you like
this video you can consider subscribing
if you are so inclined you can also find
me in all my social medias in the links
below and I will see you next week bye
