hi friends so it's May today which means
I just missed National Poetry Month but
let's talk about poetry anyway
SEO be damned I hadn't read poetry like
properly read poetry in a long time not
since grade school spouting memorized
lines of stopping by woods on the snowy
evening that we'd have miles to go
before we understood I dealt only in
prose until a friend sent me this a gift
entirely unexpected and well loved with
the corners bent to mark her favorites
or maybe just the ones that she thought
I am most needed to see and I inhaled
the words once and then a second time
the poems were so short and yet they
felt like they were my skin and about a
third of the way through ninety pages in
I read the fix getting yourself together
what about undoing yourself and God do I
have so much to undo I thought about how
each time we learned about poetry in
school it felt like hitting a metal pole
with a stick
it was just lines of rhyming or
just simple formulas of lines and
syllables with no more artistic value
than completing a crossword puzzle we
wrote haikus as five seven fives sonnets
as three quatrains of alternating my
minute couplet we tried sometimes to
sound deep or even a little dark but we
were just solving math problems at best
we read a few words so painstakingly
arranged wrestled into place so
carefully that by the time
and stanzas all the life had been choked
out of them just a stack of nice sounds
but in my triumphant return to poetry
here I found no unbearable descriptions
of raindrops or flowers just page after
page of an almost conversation getting
read right down to my skeleton in the
softest of all possible ways getting
yourself together here I found each bed
page corner a mile marker to remind me
that once you finish unraveling
there will be hands to reconstruct you
and what a gift it is to be done done in
the comments please tell me about your
favorite poem or your experience with
poetry in general lyrics count and if
you like this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me on all my social media
that looks below and I will see you next
week bye
