hi friends so usually what we do here is
I tell you a story but last week I got a
chance to talk to Hank green and he has
a particular kind of story that he likes
to ask people when he first meets them
that's really interesting so I'll let
him tell it
Hank I hear you have a a theory that
talking to people about a bridge that is
important to them yeah a good way of
getting to know persons I don't know
it's it's not a theory yeah just a thing
I do one time I was at a party and we
were playing this game and the game was
you have to go talk to a person you
don't know and you have to get them to
say a word and somebody was like you
have to get this person to go say to say
bridge and then I got them talking about
a bridge in their town and I was like
this is really interesting and I feel
like I'm not just hearing about like oh
like where'd you grow up it's a question
and like well Orlando but like what does
that say about me but if you ask me like
what my favorite bridge in Orlando it
would be like the bridge where where I
did my science project my dad when I was
growing up and we like studied like the
lifecycle of clams it's never like a big
like revelatory story which is kind of a
nice thing yes usually people tell you
stories and you're like this is the
funniest thing that ever happened listen
to this crazy thing that you wouldn't
believe but instead you're getting a
story that's like this is just a little
little teeny bit of my life but I
wouldn't normally tell anyone at a party
lower stakes yeah like what are the
questions we asked when we first meet
people you asked where you're from what
you do pretty much it and then you hope
you hope to god you find something you
can comment with this person during
those first two questions and and I
think that like there's so much more to
us than that yeah my question is what is
the last animal we saw in
that's not butterfly just now oh my
favorite bridge is the California Street
pedestrian bridge of Missoula
there's a really really terrible bridge
because there's a sidewalk but there's
no railing and the traffic is very fast
and it's like bat-like whole bridge
bounces and so they built the California
Street pedestrian bridge in the meantime
while they're like figuring out how to
replace this very vital bridge in
Missoula and it's got like a little
street graffiti culture that'll be kind
of like to see the same people like
biking or welcome to work it feels very
comfortable and it's a pretty bridge
because it doesn't it's totally
pedestrian you know it doesn't you don't
ever feel rushed you know ever feel like
you have to get someplace and there's a
family of beavers that lives under it
the graffiti wall changes all the time
and like you never know what you're
gonna see and sometimes it's just like a
complete frickin mess and somebody has
destroyed something beautiful with this
heart-shaped thing that says that he's
really a fan of Kelly but other times
the whole thing will come like suddenly
transform and be this like beautiful
piece of art for a couple weeks
my favorite bridge is the Water Street
Bridge in Milwaukee there's like statues
of ducks all over this bridge because
Ducks like to hang out near the river
and so they had commemorative
commemorating famous ducks
mr. Davis Dec 17 and they have a little
plaques describing the Ducks and my
senior year of college there became an
actual duck that lived on this branch
was a very territorial duck so you would
be running past all the nice duck
statutes that have like playful little
positions and then this one duck would
be like sitting on this chiller and just
like you think yeah that's just another
duck step you're like oh like these
wonderful Ducks
it's like that YouTube prank where the
guys in the snowman suits good duck
story that's kind of interesting how it
turns from a bridge story into a duck
story it often turns it often very
quickly turns into a story about
something else it's a story about and I
think like bridges are just generally a
good metaphor we talk a lot about you
know building bridges and burning
bridges and like there are the things
that take us places like you will you go
from one place and then you're in
another place yeah it's a very like it's
that transitional thing that's sort of
important in all stories but like is
very very resonant and sort of the idea
and image of the bridge so as someone
who mates when people ask what do you do
because people have a lot of interesting
facial expressions when you say
freelance writer I loved Hanks bridge
question because it allows you to be
human right it allows you to be average
it allows you to be interested in the
minuscule and the mundane whether that
bridges or butterflies are just Callie
just really really all about Kelly
but whatever the branch story reveals
also makes it possible to do the thing
that I love where you learn something
really obscure about a person and you
remember it and you bring it back up
again because nothing feels nicer than
somebody remembering that I'm
irrationally afraid of butterflies or
being able to reference that somebody
else can do say a remarkably accurate
impression of an English sparrow because
that's compassion that's connecting
right like there's those bridges again
so in the comments I want to know if you
have a bridge story or a duck story or
your Kelly's story if you have one
and/or you can tell me if you have a
similar question that you like to ask to
get to know people if you like this
video consider subscribing if you are so
inclined you can also find me on all my
social medias and let's blow and I'll
see you next week bye
