hi friends so I am in Hawaii sitting in
what has been my backyard most of this
week and to get this out of the way I
have seen at least a dozen unfamiliar
fishes of ng crabs sea urchins dolphins
a mongoose and a baby humpback whale
besides all the animals I think the most
remarkable thing that I've seen here is
how intent this island seems to be on
undoing itself look I'm sitting on lava
so at the end of my eighth grade year we
had somewhat of a graduation ceremony I
got to straighten my hair and wear
high-heeled shoes and we sing seasons of
love from rent and at the end of it all
I just started sobbing my friends asked
me what was wrong and I said to these
girls who were graduating from my tiny
Catholic middle school to all go to my
same tiny catholic high school in the
fall everything is going to change and I
don't want it to change that summer I
went to Jews camp discovered emo music
painted my fingernails black and never
hung out with any of them ever again and
now I'm sitting here on the youngest in
a series of islands that rose up through
hot spots in Earth's mantle they shoot
up from the center and they cool and
Harden and slowly get worn away by the
sea at the edges it's radish time a
geology channel this is also a place
that seen the co-opting and colonization
of people whose stories I can tell this
is a place that through eruption or
erosion says listen this time I'd like
to destroy myself to paint my beaches
black to carve out all the bad parts
with waves and waterfalls how do you
think it got so beautiful everything is
going to change it has to change but
it's not enough to imagine that it's
just an upward climb into the light
getting better always better to do lists
and bold risks that end in wild
successes and your same old middle
school friends it's not always
a bad choice to self-destruct I'm going
to ask you two questions for comments
you can answer one two or both one tell
me a time where everything changed and
you didn't want it to change or to
describe to me your middle school
graduation oh if you liked this video
you can subscribe if you're so inclined
you can also find me on all my social
medias in the links below I'm going to
go enjoy this water and I'll see you
next week bye
