hi friends and happy Valentine's Day
I've always appreciated this holiday not
so much for the flowers and the romance
and the pre sweepy headings but for
those Necco conversation hearts I know a
lot of people like to hate on them like
if I hear chalky grandma candy one more
time but I love the things and my
nostalgia and fondness for them was
cemented in high school this will be is
3/4 dollar in the cafeteria and my best
friend and I played this game where you
draw one out of the box and you have to
come up with a song therefore whatever
it said so for example you might get
miss you and this is so appropriate for
high school launch into you I miss you
by blink 182 joshing things and eating
their insides and there were endless
possibilities for these things
considering just how many songs are
about love or the essence of it and you
could just come up with more lyrics for
hours until somebody and neva tably drew
the one that said fax me this one says
sweet tweet though so maybe we've moved
on but that game brought out one of my
favorite things about the human memory
that seemingly infinite detritus of used
car dealership jingles and unfunny jokes
and ten-year-old hit songs that we can't
shake whether we want them or more often
don't they become parts of our little
unofficial in languages with each other
I miss you will always be a blink-182
song to me I haven't been able to answer
the question what time is it without
answering game time in seven years these
are all just automatic responses filed
in my brain that I can't
and what's really cool is when you start
to build a relationship with someone
whether it's love friendship or just
general admiration you'll find yourself
starting to adopt each other's memories
each other's verbal autofills people who
love me know that if they utter certain
phrases I am going to break out and
solve and that's something that we share
together even if it is over atrophied
grandma candies so in the comments I
would really like to know if you have
any phrases or songs or jokes or
responses that people know and the love
you buy definitely tell me the story of
where it came from if you can if you
liked this video please consider
subscribing if you are so inclined you
can also find that all my social medias
in the links below and I will see you
next week
bye
