honey what am i Vida ready for today
today's a beautiful day so much to do
you know what today is right it's Sunday
it's Sunday
no it's Easter Sunday yeah oh oh oh yeah
don't worry I'm gonna eat here no that's
not what I mean don't you forget this no
no no ho ho this year is dirt on Noah is
this year's utin I tell you last year
Jenna Wesson there's no way I'm gonna
put that on today
well done
wait
these eggs are empty there's one thing
we can do find the bunny find the bunny
how'd you buddy things that you didn't
put inside our Easter eggs there you are
yeah so I was mastermind yeah wow that's
cool thanks hi how are you
no no no wait hey listen listen if you
don't talk or tell anybody where I am
you're gonna find a golden egg
it's very special just for you yeah and
you know what it's hidden in the
bathroom so go to the bathroom and wait
there and you'll find ultimate but
remember okay oh hey Honeybuns hey dude
mom is inside she's asleep but I have to
get in in a cab because the master the
bunny rabbit mask is it it's stalking I
don't want the kids to see it and I go
okay now you listen to me this is the
code of being the adult come on these
are cousins
no no you want to help me I even look I
think I lost the club under no
circumstance can they know that you're
not really the Easter Bunny yeah I can't
do this don't let them find out dad I
love you goodbye come on
where is a Gordon a
