Wow come sit down what do you see when
you see yourself in the mirror well I
see excitement ready for the future and
it's so much joy oh my god okay you
never bought me so are you here I love
your work and I saw you on the internet
one of your videos my viral I'm getting
married you're getting married
hopefully we're gonna have kids and have
a housing okay good so help me out like
what's gonna happen where's the money
glory glory
okay it's coming to me coming to me okay
oh my credit card credit card critical
okay then I see something I see a future
all right cool okay let me tell you okay
so what do you see Chico this is just a
lamp this is just enough for like energy
yeah maybe doing the right thing here
you know I'm gonna take my money back
this is all me I see something now yes I
do
oh yes I babe you're cheating on me
we've only been married for two weeks I
think that you should just just stick
with your job and never come home early
okay okay focus on my work okay am I
really gonna get married though you're
definitely gonna get made okay perfect
thank you so much
okay hi hello I want to know my future
and I really want to be rich yeah me and
you boo boo I don't I don't have any
money
right again you don't have money I don't
have any money okay look I actually
stole some money just so I can come and
see you so I can hear my future
are you still for me
but wait wait how do I know if you're
legit I am legit lamp that I have I mean
okay what's my name your name okay I'm
so excited for this okay you had a good
at parties the blue parties like The
Great Gatsby is yeah oh okay no wait
please
see what I saw
in my future for you you see life is
complicated and uh it was like ice I am
I
I thought you would be very good and the
thing is like that I was gonna give you
more money I see a bright future for you
don't work and get yourself a rich
person a rich person okay thank you so
much let me guess
you're single well I've never really
been with a woman oh my god why did you
come here today
that's hoping that I can find a woman Oh
Saturday nights I don't usually work not
you okay so what's what's the problem
I'm pretty well off in my family owns
pop ice Oh pop ice you're rich must be
devastating all my friends and family
they're all married and happy looks like
they're having fun and Here I am single
all right all right okay first things
first uh you put that I mean handsome
man
I need money is it a check how much do
you want 10k
for the first five minutes okay meet the
20 I'm gonna get the pen just in case I
want to put another zero okay let's
begin okay
look up booyaka so you see that they
make fun of you because you don't have a
wife and everything
feisty no not like that yeah so you know
what actually for the first time today
actually I see it kind of a bright
future you will get what you wanted but
um just try to prevent being with girls
that have a husband okay okay
now get out pop ice stay positive man
sit down do you remember us thought to
be honest I'm trying to forget you
ruined our lives what I told you your
future
you see we all know each other let me
start off with this hey babe
hey so listen uh I'm not gonna be coming
home early tonight I'm gonna be staying
at the hotel up the street I got a lot
of work to do I really want to be
focused that's what I'll let you know
okay all right love you bye
sir your reg yeah I'll give you anything
you want
how about that watch it's yours thank
you
oh my god babe you're cheating on me
we've only been married for two weeks
baby i love you i was just doing it for
the money they were single
obviously not go
no wait please give me a chance I really
need the money please don't don't that
brings us back to here do you see the
full picture Oh
to be honest this session is still gonna
cost you know what do you have to say
for yourself
