welcome to the doctor fishin today we
have a special family feud involving the
world's most famous Instagram dog sugar
me
sugar beam has gone missing and sadly it
does not look like he'll be returning
the couple are here to settle his real
estate his finances and most importantly
his social media account I'll talk to my
kids don't look at him please welcome
the feuding couple so I hear you guys
are getting a delicious yes finally me
together exactly do you see what's going
on
that's her side piece she's been
cheating on me why did you bring her her
why did you bring the child that's our
daughter
Asian I don't know his girl whatever
okay continue let's hear about the dog
who found him oh that would be me
and who created his Instagram account I
did that
actually I interesting and who took care
of him
I did I know hey I'm some little girl
you didn't even know the doc I just need
please to fast don't talk to our
daughter like that
what doc doc ooh calm Papa Carlo yeah
she's my daughter too
okay okay moving on the question
everyone is dying to know how did sugar
bean become famous well it was October
3rd yo mom what kind down the mall is
that it's a dog died
nah started it's a beer so don't you
know I am I'm the biggest rapper in
Jamaica mind you want your dad to be
famous so now that we have to fight for
his Instagram account let me make this
easier for you who lost the dog hey
little girl
why'd you just go back home to your mom
oh don't talk to our daughter like that
why your boy 4 with skinny shorts hey
bro these are jorts okay get it right
hey speaking of Calvin he brought us a
clip today what I did we're done
my god I mean yeah I didn't really watch
the tape before I brought it in so I
don't know what I didn't then gonna see
in all honesty I just broke up with him
okay so we still haven't gotten to the
bottom of who is entitled to sugar
Blaine's Instagram account but I have a
family member who might be able to help
please welcome princess Olivia what is
this what I'm sorry what this is sugar
beans wife why don't we let her speak
human okay yes she's just be queuing
what do you why do you have to see for
yourself well doctor fee I thought I'd
given up on love but then I found sugar
beam on our first date he told me all
about the crazy humans he had to live
with then we shared a hamburger behind a
dumpster at sunset and that's when I
knew I loved him sweet
okay it's settled princess olivia is
entitled to sugar beans instagram can
walk and not only that she takes custody
of your two children yeah you can have
her
