I'm gonna stick a the stick who wants
tea hi hi do you know which way is
cookie village that way or this way I
know I can take you to give it is not
far I go there all the time
yeah look look at look at me he's a big
bad wolf don't listen I got you you want
to stick my stick one fashion piece of
shit I'm literate Riding Hood but
everybody calls me red
oh cool my name is Pinocchio but
everybody calls me an BB okay so are you
gonna take me to the village or the
cookie village I'll take you right now I
was like you on my way there right now
I'll take care okay not to be honest
house I should take you to my house I'm
trying to smash tonight sorry sorry how
many girls have you been with so many
girls but I can't even count like
Alejandra the first girl I've ever seen
in my life
it's embarrassing relax just curious
billion that is zero dollars I can't
find work my fucking puppet okay you
know what one more questions can I trust
you
what what is what is trust right is if I
trust the very because a very vague and
turn like why why yes I know
yeah you could you could trust you could
okay no you can you can't trust me you
can trust can trust me kinda kinda you
control you know I'm a piece of shit
fine
I figured it out watch this
excuse me hey look it's a big bad bitch
who are you anyways oh you don't know
who we are with a three little pig and
it's not a little about us and he's the
one that blew our house down you guys
took my Cubs no that's not stealing we
just went over there and borrowed in and
have a returning nice way to be friends
with the girls well anyways to it please
pass on e to give this to my grandma let
me talk to my my brother yeah no I'm
gonna huff and puff and blow you ain't
don't even know just like you know like
agree on something
how about you battle us starting with
hey I got this I got this
let's go three two one go Wow
Yantra
I'm erasable you know what
maybe that's not a good idea mark said
that's a piece of bacon now you're here
for the real challenge
the Ironman challenge swimming running
and biking oh we did I'm gonna go to my
grandma's house okay thank you so much
okay
hi I'm Carol me and my brother Hansel we
went to his house that was a little
candy this woman she turned into a witch
she's gonna eat okay you know what you
go help her don't worry he's gonna take
you to thank you I'll go after I am your
friend you can trust me I swear she's
not who she says she is what has she
ever done she's a witch she's gonna eat
him I told you you see wait a minute I'm
your grandma animal which is my dad let
me hurt the kids no I'm not gonna eat
them
well she can throw she's dead I'm
Dorothy I follow the yellow brick road
and it led me here was that you was that
not the look at which of the wrong story
but you saved us
untie this knot good win anywhere father
I guess this is the end of the story it
was amazing meeting you guys me the bad
wolf actually turned out to be the good
hook
the through the repeats turn out to be
thieves dorothy was dumb what peanut it
turned out to be an asshole my grandma
turned out to be a witch and what about
us and you guys are annoying okay let's
go
bye guys wait I don't get it the yellow
brick road is supposed to lead me to the
Wicked Witch of the West art Oh which is
related if everyone in the story is not
who they seem to be so who's Red Riding
Hood really
