oh yeah Maria
that's my mom the fuck is Cynthia I'm
gonna leave a whole wedding for you my
mom made me dinner that came in for you
but maybe me look good baby
forgot my name Hanna spelled backwards
is Hanna
oh yeah you see oh my god Robert I love
you books Robert okay potato tomato me
oh hello
in the bedroom bitch don't you knock Oh
Oh my bad my bad
come in get out get out I'm never mean
we had an accident back there if you
could just pick that up I'm not the maid
I'm not the maid okay I love the movie
made in Manhattan Swamper made a
Manhattan I'm not for me yeah get up oh
yeah you better leave Tom how are you so
pretty set a book on me I just clean it
it's so filthy that's mine it's so
pretty it looks a little dirty but I'm
gonna clean it for you you don't need to
clean anything this is pretty look at
that comes right off and it comes right
on no no no no your blueberry got you
don't make myself
well hello no are you guys ready for
your punishments whoa whoa whoa what
punishment wait now shoot us is that it
please let me get this clear you guys
have no guns no guns no nice no that's
all you're gonna do that's it hello
friend us how can I help you okay
there's random people at my place I'm
sorry ma'am but you are the only one
with the room key
I don't know there was like this made
with blue hair this like very couple and
he's like mom
all these people you're describing died
in 1941 there was a married couple who
died fighting
I love you more yeah Wow the maid died
by choking
and there were bandits that got
electricity this is what happened sheet
on the electric pitch do you think she
knows oh and there was one more person
bitch does she know she's dead
