every year people all around the world
celebrate magical figures on December we
celebrate Santa Claus on Valentine's Day
we celebrate Cupid on st. Patrick's Day
we celebrate a leprechaun and during
Easter we celebrate the Easter Bunny and
last but not least there's one member of
the group that no one gives a about
me
the Tooth Fairy hello I give you money
you know what everybody celebrating you
know Santa Claus and Cupid and Easter
Bunny what do I get
exactly I don't give a that's fine
but let me tell you how this all works
okay first things first count they lose
their teeth one way you can either get
punched in the face for saying something
stupid so he's talking about girlfriend
she's hot
some are using her yeah so look really
she's hot all the ones get hit by the
ball with a lot of work what once they
lose their teeth that's when I come in
there's three things that happen during
the night you either dealt with the
heavy sleepers that comes the light
sleepers Jenna Bobby Oh a my favorite of
all when the parents coming to take my
job Oh
anyway Oh a my favorite part of the year
the meeting day this is the day where we
all meet together and discuss what we do
in life he couldn't find a good aim okay
first of all I'm sorry guys
why am I here why is there this is the
lit side we live we actually do stuff
say we have days on the button all the
best holidays on this side come on man
where the am I even here it's the
law well what about the leprechaun from
sympatric state he hasn't been here in
years
wait there's an epic on end he's
probably jump somewhere still hungover
you know what I have movies you know you
have twitter twitter you gotta Instagram
I got mine died
Wow that's a good one the bunny wants to
know where do you get the money from to
pay the kids huh
the money okay but we've been watching
you foodies especially I was always
watching so what do you want you forgot
to give me my money
I forgot you know whose money you should
give me that one hey where did you get
all this money from you know what
happens next
oh that's a very good question I came up
hey to free I just I just want to
apologize about the other day
we're really sorry
