we're back and we're here on the 25th
annual miss latina pageant work finally
we come down to five - they have showed
us their wonderful yeah they're
beautiful swimmer
and their talent and their talent and
their talent
okay well now that we've seen them
terribly perform let's see their
confessionals
hi I'm Miss Venezuela and I am 22 years
old and you know since I was little I
love animals I really like horses yeah I
really like course it's nothing right I
love feeding the horses most of all I
like chickens I like no ducks ducks are
so funny I love you so much I love
Brenda that I dog does I have a dog I
think the animals are one of the things
I make the world a beautiful place
Olay y'all I'm Jillian I am Miss
Portugal I'm you know Colombia I'm a
doctor you know cuz I'm very very smart
never distracted never I'm so good at it
his heart rate heart rates dropping care
stay with us Miss Moore we need you oh
don't you know my makeup room it's your
boyfriend
okay so what do I do
well if you actually went to medical
school you'd know what you're doing
bitch I will stop with your ass you need
to revive him just put it on the chest
clear so like I was saying I love my job
being a dennis is the most wait what
does that was hola I am miss Cuba um I'm
not gonna tell you guys my age I think
it's kind of rude so I grew up in a poor
household in the poor environment hey
guys uh it's my home it's all I can
afford right now it only has like five
bedrooms so these teddy bears are like
$2,000 each I'm saving right now I got
this gift from the Prince Philip piece
of crap yeah I asked for a theater but I
got a TV instead so since I come from a
poor family I really care about the
homeless
hello I'm starting to having ma no no we
don't have anything time so if you vote
for me you vote for the poor people
I basically represent them hi my name is
Brittany Elena and I found one la de
Mexico I'm all about teamwork I play
basketball all right come on up this is
my court whatever I say goes
so sweet nothing do you hear me didn't I
just say don't be you pray stops up over
here you MC Hammer loves Pam
lissa and you are the losing team where
the winning team we're also gonna give
you a chance anyways so oh yeah oops
baby
Wow
hey the ball
teen white or let me know miss Lily
Hernandez I'm 26 years old and I'm
married happily married what took you so
long I said okay can we say that you're
calling me a piece of shit just look
without him here know what you're saying
oh you're so you're calling me a bitch
shit do whatever five minute shit
come for me okay ex date back achieve
what do you want cereal we never fight I
don't I don't think we have any problems
actually our relationship is the best
who are you talking to
hello I'm such a family person you know
I'm so family orientated like in a
couple years I want to have kids I want
five baby can we have kids oh they don't
get along very well do they Raynald no
well now the moment you all been waiting
for
let's crown the winners Thank You
Reynold now the moment we've all been
waiting for and the winner is Miss
Colombia
my crown
I must apologize I made a mistake you it
the winner is Miss Venezuela
wait I messed up again I'm so sorry
about that Miss Dominican Republic it's
not you psyche my bed hey miss Cuba can
you put a bra on the winner is Miss
Mexico
you
