back in ancient Greek history five gods
would come together on this day to fuck
with a human all right guys uh my name's
Zeus on the god of all gods which means
I'm like better than all of you guys not
lucky you know let's introduce ourselves
what's your name um Hades I'm the God of
the underground rep√∫blica dominicana
that was army handed I'm more eager to
go ahead on to the next Athena
God well don't touch me I'm not I'm not
touching me Zeus so you want me to touch
you touch me mommy why y'all touchy
I don't want it touching you talk to me
like that okay on to the next person not
loca I am Aphrodite the goddess of love
next okay I like water that's good I
like fire OOP you we use you to flush
out shit oh my god don't touch me your
breath stinks
anyway let's look up and see who our
next victim is a mypod
yes they're lily pond baby mommy should
i she's all right okay let's start off
with water boy and go around this way
let the ritual begin
Oh
Showtime
I love you
my dream woman
Louisville we've got Spanish me work
here is done I am Zeus Schneider ready
you
oh my god why don't we bring a ball this
is so boring I know everybody has a ball
what are we gonna do let's play soccer
let's play soccer yeah but they're not
gonna let us play we should have brought
our own forgive me
girls you see
ready
thank you
my jaw
this is spot on this yo today has been
the worst day of my life I've been
waiting all year
I'm so tired everything has gone wrong
for me all day I mean seriously she's
looking ought to let you do this maybe
like gonna cry my heart I don't know
what to do you know so it's okay I just
need one
guys all right with you guys until next
year thank you so much for coming you
forgot one thing I'm a do sir and that
was the last day the gods came to earth
to do that ritual
the end
