hey guys whether the girls have girls
and we saw Girl Scout Girl cookies I
hate this job
we didn't sell anything today I know my
sexiness don't work hi would you like to
buy some cookies
oh girl you are so pretty late and slay
you better fuck it up all the way up in
the eyebrows up do a twirl girl me to
the body yes ma'am
girl bed legs and lotion two elbows let
me get this off handshake bless go to
church on Sunday read the Bible get a
bed that's weird it always works I
wonder why what about you Gaby honestly
I don't know I was funny I was charming
I was sweet hi would you like to buy
some cookies No thank you I'm okay I
said would you like to buy some cookies
first levels aren't eating Girl Scout
Mia put a cookie in your mouth wash up
your uniform says Boyce Co oh so you're
sexist go to the army a Boy Scout I'll
be a Boy Scout Girl how many cookies you
want 44 is 40 this awesome
someone took the cookies from the cookie
jar
what an asshole yeah what about you
you guys I was robbed are you joking so
now you're just gonna ignore I did you
guys like you might seem cookie that's
sweet honey but now what do you think
who do you think is right you know who's
always right he'll cookie no we don't
want your canned rustles anyways
he went to a party without me he said he
was sleep I help chronic sleepwalking
you know what help supply what cookies
listen we don't want your fucking
cookies okay back to our argument please
just just please just right I don't want
any of your crew you guys can have him
for free
oh okay enjoy god I love you not
actually sure
are you okay I'm okay I'm a little
traumatized what about you lately you
want some cookies oh sure wait a minute
don't those have like 3000 calories in
them
no actually very good for you oh wait a
minute
no my friend died choking on one of
those cookies what yeah
you know what you can trust me it's a
nice hat I trust you yeah wait a minute
where's the money for those cookies
going huh foundation a puppy thank you
yeah no nevermind hey she pushed me oh
my god like where does the money even go
to the boss who's the boss I'm the boss
we got a problem don't look at me I
haven't seen a single dollar bill on my
table I have a proposal for you ladies
you're gonna go down to that house and
you're gonna put 55k on this table do we
got an agreement yeah that's mr. baza to
you I said mr. Basham
make me proud ladies
hey there I'm a Girl Scout okay Girl
Scout Malu would you like to wear some
cookies how the cookies you selling huh
strawberry shortcake chocolate chip
cookie Oreo you have a bathroom yeah
okay she's drunk
come on y'all here okay I don't have it
so pretty little girl scout shoot me are
you pooping hey what are you doing
what are you doing in my house I don't
know how these all got in here man no
we're just visiting okay where's my
money
oh the money was that
