hey everyone hope all is well it's the
end of another month and so it's time
for ask Myles
yeah there's no introduction yet if
anyone out there wants to make one you
know some cool graphics dubstep drop or
something maybe a little more
sophisticated then get in touch thank
you for all the questions you've been
sending me via YouTube Facebook Twitter
Instagram and snapchat but if I don't
answer your question - they're you
please don't be disheartened keep
sending them in because there will be
plenty more of these right let's go
Emily asks would you ever consider
moving to the US the short answer is yes
and I have long considered it back in
the early days of making YouTube videos
I used to tour the US every year because
I just loved the country I love the
people and then there is of course the
weather aspect as someone who is heavily
impacted by s ad seasonal affective
disorder I long for the days where I can
go back to California and wake up
feeling so energized every morning by
the great sunshine and lovely cool
breezes on the coast
it was quite ironic actually because it
was always deemed by my family that if
any one of us were to one day move to
the US that it would be me but back in
2009 my dad got a job over there he
moved out to Boston with my mother I was
going to be getting a green card but
unfortunately there were issues because
I was over 18 so I was really gutted to
be left behind but you know one thing
led to the next I've gone through this
whole life story different jobs
different projects and right now I'm
quite content with being here in the UK
but if my current project takes off then
that could always change I may finally
move out to the USA and speaking of my
current projects this next question
actually comes from a lovely patron of
mine Anna she asks what do you think are
be a resource-based economy projects
organizations associations individuals
could do differently to spread these
ideas I currently see an awakening
taking place in mainstream society
around the very notion of a
resource-based economy even though the
name itself is rarely explicitly
mentioned there are lots of relevant top
such as technological unemployment
renewable energy automated transport 3d
printing and universal basic income one
of my biggest concerns for human
civilization is that we don't allow our
value systems to evolve in accordance
with technological developments this
could lead to a very dystopian world and
so I think it's important that we have
more honest open conversations about the
root causes of our biggest societal
problems and make a case for the ways
that technology can liberate us from
such but this has to be done in a way
that is inspiring
and not patronizing which can be
inclusive to people from all walks of
life we see far too often in politics
today massive arguments about who is
toughest on crime who is toughest on
terrorism who is toughest on immigration
and who is toughest on the deficit and
therefore I believe we need to energize
movements and bring him to the forefront
of mainstream political discourse there
are equally tough on dealing with income
and wealth inequality tough on
environmental justice and tough on civil
liberties Rob asks top 5 Pokemon to be
fair he did also ask top 5 19th century
British Prime Minister's but I thought
I'd go with the most important question
before Pokemon go came out I had just
played the original trilogy on Gameboy
over 15 years ago and so I know
generation 1 and I'm just starting to
come to terms with generation 2 so keep
that in mind with my answer as a kid my
favorite was Hitmonchan I think because
they were the most human-like and I
thought therefore they'd be the most fun
to trade and spar with as for the other
four Farfetch'd I mean come on
a leek wielding duck you can't get
better than that Snorlax I mean they
seem to love sleeping food as much as I
D
Quagsire I'm still coming to terms with
generation 2 but the gormless look of
this one is just freaking adorable and
of course oh yeah Katy asks how would
you encourage a conversation with
someone to let them know they are giving
incorrect information without sounding
rude great question I think the key is
to approach the conversation in a way
that demonstrates
intend to be helpful as opposed to
coming across as combative don't tell
people that they are wrong but instead
explain the ways that they are if they
show resistance then start posing
questions that can help them reach the
correct information on their own accord
and throughout this process keep looking
for common ground we often feel
pressured that the first conversation
has to be the one that resolves
everything when in fact it doesn't so if
you have to walk away that's fine
because by pushing too hard you could
cause them to dig their heels in deeper
which in the long run
is not productive I did a video on this
issue by the way called a better way to
argue so if you haven't seen it already
please do check it out I'll link it with
this video finally before taking this
last one I'd like to say that you can
also submit your questions as a video
message just upload them online via
Facebook or YouTube and post a link in
the comment section as an example I'm
now going to respond to a question from
Liz who actually submitted this
questions who asked miles back in 2007
I'm pretty sure I answered this in and
asked miles all the way back then but
I'm willing to do it again now I would
like to know how you would spend your
last day alive like if you know you only
had one more day live how would you
spend it like what would you do who
would you go see what things would you
tell people that you would never see
again
following my head injury where the
what-ifs were a lot scarier than what
actually happened this kind of question
did cross my mind however I did give it
some extra thought for this video and so
if I had 24 hours left on this planet I
would do the following number one I
would record a long video message or
livestream surprise surprise laying out
my key life lessons but I would also
express how my friends family and
supporters could help continue the work
that I've embarked on to try and improve
this world if they wish to do so number
two I would try and organize an
impromptu live show with my band because
performing music with meaning and being
with great friends I've grown up with
always makes me feel so alive and so I
would
to experience that one more time number
three as someone who has been single
pretty much all of their life I feel as
though I would be compelled to reach out
to sign who meant the world to me and
share a moment with them I must stress
though as of now I don't know who that
person would be and even if I did second
thoughts perhaps it's not such a good
idea I mean considering the situation
that we're talking about it could be
quite awkward especially if they didn't
feel the same way although I suppose I
could still tell them how I felt without
explaining the situation but considering
the other things on this list I think it
would be pretty clear what was going on
number four I would post on social media
that I was having a meet-up over at a
local park in the nice weather or maybe
in the city asking all my friends and
family to come down so we could share
thoughts and memories and finally number
five I would go back to my parents house
have a meal with them and my brother and
spend quality time with the people I
loved more than anything
before going to bed one last time I feel
as though I should have ended this video
with a silly question to line things up
but oh well there you go if you have any
questions you'd like me to answer on a
future video from the trivial to the
serious ask me anything
post them in the comment section of this
video I was originally going to be
posting an ask miles video at the end of
every month that had five weeks in it
but perhaps I could just make it a
monthly thing what do you think the
weather is getting super amazing over
here at the moment I'm so excited for
the summer it makes me feel so alive so
I should probably go out and enjoy it a
da's until next time
