I've been asked by many people to do a
video on popular culture and at first I
thought mmm
however since doing my cyber analogies
video I got a sign Nicki Minaj had
stopped by in the related video section
with like a what up and she's also just
been in the news because her latest
video stupid ho is the fastest growing
video view wise in youtube history and
being saan who loves music with solid
lyrics I thought I would dissect this
song and share with you my thoughts I
get it cracking like a bag bag you can
make that cracking bitch talking she the
Queen when she lookin like a lab rat so
she's saying that she's the queen she
bitch talkin no G she the Queen when she
lookin like a lab rat
okay I'm Angelina You Jennifer not your
but you well I don't know who Jennifer
is I mean I'm not that in with the
hip-hop scene come on bitch
you see where Brad at I was getting
ahead of myself there cuz it's Brad as
in Brad Pitt so it was a metaphor the
girl that this song is aimed at is a
reject and that means that Nicki Minaj
is a baby snatcher ice my wrists and I
piss on bitches she's cut herself so ice
can slow down the blood flow but she's
urinating on someone else while this is
all going on what well as they say girls
are good at multitasking whoa whoa whoa
that was not sexist that was a
compliment
right it would have been sexist to say
something negative like girls are good
at self-harm and urinating on each other
you can suck my Disney if you take this
Jesus
I think the way she says those words
because they're naughty she may have
felt a bit you know nervous about saying
them so she just sort of stuttered I
mean we all make mistakes don't we it's
just some of us choose to put our
mistakes together and bug them into a
song you don't like them this is giving
my ass some kisses so she's actually
been that quite a nice bully here
because all bully s because she's saying
you know wait a minute wait a minute if
you don't like my disses then at least I
can give you a choice and I think she
should be commended for that and so be
honest I think there's quite a lot of
people out there that wouldn't mind
kissing your ass what were you looking
at me oh sorry yeah you watching my
video sorry
yeah they know what this is giving this
the business cuz I pull up and I'm
stunting but I ain't a stuntman stunt
woman is the word ideas I mean come on
society's moved on right si in the 1960s
yes I'm rockin Jordan but I ain't a jump
man I assume that refers to Michael
Jordan being the jump man because he was
a basketball player and in basketball
the ideas to get or win the hoop and
it's quite high so if you jump you
bitches play the back cuz they know I'm
the front man woman times have moved on
Nikki put me on the dollar cuz I'm who
they trust in the dollar bill has the
words In God We Trust on it so perhaps
she's having a bit of a god s complex
iOS B what's the fuck's good trying to
work out what s B beans Sandra Bullock
Sean Bean Sponge Bob
hey spongebob what's the fuck's good I
think that's how you talk to a sponge is
it son of a bitch but son son bitch she
ran out of time we shit platinum then
bitch is a ship in wood so she's
realized the global financial situation
we're in that times are tough so she's
invested with platinum and metals whilst
everyone else she knows are just
confused and investing in wood their
nappy-headed hos but my kitchen good
who wears a nappy on their head is that
like an offensive slur for turban cuz if
that is the case I do not approve of
that that is a disgrace Nikki should
have known better nappy-headed hos I
wish I wish I wish I wish I wish I wish
a bitch so what I don't get with this
bitch there's this big buildup I wish I
wish I wish I wish a bitch would and
then she doesn't say anything so in the
comments this video please finish the
sentence for Nikki and if she sees this
she might add it in okay I wish a bitch
would what then it gets into the epic
chorus you a stupid hoe you were you a
stupid hoe so again she stutters not
you're you you are stupid hoe which is
kind of like emphasizing how stupid that
hoe is because she's been inadequate
with her grammatical constructions you
are us stupid hoe us G be hoe yeah
you were you a stupid hoe yeah get the
point look bubbles go back to your
habitat MJ gone and I ain't having that
she's worried about the welfare of a
monkey good but I do wonder if she's
actually taken any action or if she's
just you know been like a lobster and
giving it all that how you're gonna be
the stunt double to that Nick I can't
say that I can't say that word black how
are you gonna be the stunt double to
that mmm
monkey top of that I'm the Phantom
looking hella chunky well that happens
to the best of us lyric writers
sometimes you can't find the word you
want to rhyme with the previous line so
you just change the word make up a new
one works it's a professional lyric
writing technique and once again she
goes back to ice my wrist I piss on
bitches you can suck my Disney if you
take the jizz airs you don't like them
disses give my ass some kisses yeah oh
you know what this is giving this the
business because I pull up in that
Porsche but I ain't a Rossi Rossi isn't
that like a sort of a posh kind of cross
on pretty bitches can only get in my
posse
well she's putting up her hands here and
saying yeah I know I'm very shallow I
like my bitches well Green so fair play
there my name is Roman last name is
ollansky but no relation to Roman
Polanski but earlier you said your name
was Angelina
hey Oh Baby Bop fuck you and your EP
whose gas in this hoe BP getting quite
political here bringing up BP obviously
the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico it's
quite good just spreading awareness
saying yeah is 2012 but you know stuff
can happen and invest in platinum
mmm thinks 1 2 3 do the Nicki Minaj
blink cuz these hoes so busted
she likes to blink maybe she thinks if
she blinks enough the BP disaster and
all the bad stuff in the world will go
away is that how she sleeps oh yeah I've
got a blink really really quickly so my
eyes are practically closed seizure
house is so crusty these bitches is my
sons and I don't want custody so after
using the Angelina metaphor she's
actually now trying to distance herself
and say hey wait I'm not a baby snatcher
or shopper whatever terminology you want
to use because I don't want custody so
she's just clearing that up before the
song ends and she repeats that twice you
know just to make it clear
cute then your crew can roll if you sexy
eat my cuckoo cuckoo root that sounds
like a noise sandwich doesn't it put
your cape on you a super ho 2012 I'm at
the Super Bowl
so she's plugging herself there you know
she's like it's my song gonna get a lot
of you so may as well you know do a bit
of advertising stupid hoes is my enemy
stupid hoes is so wack stupid hoes
should have befriended me then she could
have probably came back feels betrayed
which is sad it's very sad ending to
such a epic piece of literature
you're a stupid ho you're a stupid ho
not you but you're a stupid ho you're a
stupid ho fuck you stupid home angry I
said fuck a stupid ho aggressive fuck
asleep in her mean-spirited I said fuck
a stupid ho pissed off fuck a stupid hoe
and horny I am the female wheezy I don't
know who wheezy is and everyone keeps
talking about wheezy so tell me who ez
is so there we have it my lyric analysis
of Nicki Minaj is stupid ho I just lied
to finish on this because Nicki Minaj if
you happen to be watching this video
song sent you this way
I just thank you thank you and
especially if you got this far into the
video because I just wanted to say that
I really appreciate what you do and even
though it may seem that I'm joking
around with this that I feel that I
connect with your lyrics on such a
profound level far superior to any of
your super fans or big fans or mediocre
fans or petty fan thingies and I guess
there's just no harm in asking just
total and utter humiliation but it's
Valentine's Day coming up scene and I
was wondering if you happen to be in the
London area or perhaps if I could come
over to America and if you wanted a
hangout I'd love to take you out on a
date and I'm not the sort of guy you
probably go for because I'm not that hip
but let me know get in contact call me
because I would love to and I know
you've had a lot of hate in negativity
towards your new music video which has
done so well viewer wise not so much on
the likes and dislikes but we won't go
there don't care what the negative
naysayers are saying because the truth
is
I love stupid house
