I'm sure you are aware of what SOPA and
PIPA legislation is but if you don't you
really should because you're watching
this video right now on the internet
because you currently have the freedom
to Soper has been on the table for quite
a while now but it was only recently
that it gained the attention of the
masses and why because people thought oh
this could actually pass Facebook
YouTube Twitter reddit tumblr all these
websites our love could be in danger but
once again the vote has been postponed
and what I hope doesn't happen is people
just think oh cool back to null then I
can't whistle by the way apathy is one
of the biggest problems in society but
is there any surprise it exists when you
have people in Congress trying to pass
it like this and it doesn't matter if
they keep postponing the vote we want it
killed off completely we want people
representing our countries that go that
was a stupid idea what the hell were we
thinking not oh oh oh look look at this
lovely money look at this lovely money
for me these legislations are ridiculous
but let's start things simple though
with some analogies it's like saying
it's almost caught photocopying a book
in the library we should shut the
library down or if someone went to a
library with a book of their choosing
and placed it on the shelf they had no
permission from the author to do that
they should just close down the library
yeah that's a great idea it's like
saying a song was attacked by a shark
when swimming because it does
occasionally happen and the US
government's like oh yeah yeah we can't
let that happen again let's spend loads
of our time and resources on finding a
way to electrify the ocean that'll stop
the sharks with their agendas but yeah
sure people like to swim in the ocean
but we can't have shark attacks can we
it's like a wrestling a student because
their final dissertation contains some
content we call that research that
wasn't theirs even though they cited it
even though they put a reference of
where they got the content from even
though that's the whole point in
research building on other people's
theories and aiding progress in society
it's like a government initiative to
stop murder from happening by blowing up
the world and making it uninhabitable
that's is a genius idea it's like saying
because some drunk gets into his car and
crashes it on the way home that the
woman should close down the brewer who
made the drink the car manufacturer that
made the car that he crashed and closing
down the road that he used and crashed
on or the sidewalk if he crashed on the
sidewalk don't know the situation to be
honest it's like stopping son from
decorating their kids birthday cake with
their favorite cartoon character because
they don't own the rights to the image
oh wait that did actually happen it's
like making seed sterile because some
farmers took the initiative to share
their fertile seeds for free and that is
also true it's like if a member of
government let's say for example Lamar
Smith the architect of the so /
legislation used on his own website a
background image which he didn't own the
rights to imagine that oh wait that too
happened you have no principal Lamar
Smith you probably don't even believe in
the legislation what you believe in is
the money that you probably got from
lobbyists it's been said by many that if
you can't handle pirates don't get in
the water and that's the whole point
really isn't it the companies that
support site / legislation are those
that haven't evolved with the times
they've been losing all this money to
party but it's because they haven't
adapted Rupert Murdoch tweeted the other
day don't care about people not buying
movies programs or newspapers just
stealing them what does he think people
are stealing these papers now yeah okay
that was a third of what he said but
let's just take newspapers the main
reason most people don't pay for new
subscriptions online is because they can
get it elsewhere legally for free and
that's called competition so deal with
it just look at stuff like Netflix
Spotify ad sponsored YouTube content and
project pledge websites these are some
great examples of how you deal with
online piracy what is not a solution is
restrictive policy from government soso
/ means silence in Greek and it's quite
fitting with how government try to sneak
it under the radar and SOPA mean sweep
in Swedish which is what the government
keeps saying they're doing sweeping it
aside but that doesn't mean it's gone
away completely the government will try
and pass it when you least suspect it
just like they did with the NDAA on New
Year's Eve and I know what you're
thinking why am I getting involved with
American politics why don't I mind my
own business because believe it or not
some of the actions the US government
takes affects everyone in the world and
I know there are some very patriotic
Americans out there
who want the awesomeness of USA to be
heard in every country in the world but
if you're going to do that you have to
be fair and acknowledge the not so
awesome parts about your country as well
soper affects everyone with the internet
and in some cases it feels like the u.s.
is trying to police the world i mean
what next i'm going to be driving out my
street and then i get extradited to the
US for driving on the wrong side of the
road one of the best things that's ever
happened to me in my life is the
internet and YouTube for that matter
it's allowed me to express myself freely
connect with people from many different
backgrounds from all over the world and
most importantly it's allowed me to
become a better person the establishment
really doesn't like losing control and
therefore we must ensure legislations
like SOPA and PIPA whatever they're
labeled are not passed because the worst
thing about censorship is
