wake up on the ground floor of a
friend's house wishing i had not drunk
so much the night before started the
year with a five-day fever presented and
co-produced the LOL experiment an online
community project set up to find out if
the love letter is a dying art i joined
the gym and started meditating weekly
for a few weeks was shortlisted for a
lifetime achievement award Royal Mail
put my face on a first-class camp for
Valentine's Day witnessed the Arab
Spring online and became increasingly
concerned about the world stability woke
up in the middle of the night with a
panic attack I just felt an overwhelming
urgency to do more to help the world i
joined the zeitgeist movement received
aggressive attacks from people because i
started advocating a resource-based
economy and to be honest i took it quite
personally unable to sleep most nights
became unemployed turn 24 and spend the
evening having a bro date with yes you
guessed it my sister I actually know as
my brother I don't have a sister played
my first gig since rejoining the band
down with him grinding my teeth a lot
while sleeping and spitting blood into
the sink every morning filmed epic drink
time scattered the ashes of my grand dad
and grandmother on the Isle of Wight my
hero Burton see Bell emailed me saying I
am proud of you for being the person you
want to be I started using Viacom a
fantastic online education tool i found
a quote which described my moment in
time so very well it was by nature it
went and those who were seen dancing
were thought to be insane by those who
could not hear the music i took a two
week break from the internet I designed
the universal solutions project and I
really got into Minecraft I received a
phone call one night from a withheld
number they said thank you thanking your
video site in my life and then they hung
up I just wish I had a chance to respond
but I hope they're still okay if they're
watching this right now I still needed
to find a job I produced a music video
for the band star turn on 45 points I
left the zeitgeist movement I always saw
it is just a gateway for finding other
people who give a damn about the world
and I was ready to move on I ran myself
physically and mentally exhausted I was
approached by online broadcaster channel
flip who wanted me to work for them and
I got the job youtube marketing Jedi had
a photo shoot with my band on just a
second day of work I met
british comedy legend David Mitchell I
made someone cry they told me they just
didn't realize there were people out
there who cares so much about the world
and i met businessmen who were trying to
justify to me what they were doing in
life saying how they wish they could do
more it was a very strange experience to
say the least i found an awesome
elevator and i hosted a segment for the
charity live for japan channel it was
truly a dream job flew out to Boston to
see my parents I watched the Stanley Cup
final I visited 95 year old Jacque
fresco in Venus Florida a day that will
stay with me for the rest of my life my
dad who came with me on this trip began
to understand what I'd been so focused
on the past year and it brought us
closer together and I finally got to
meet my good friend Melissa discovered a
close relative of mine was terminally
ill I wrote lyrics for a song called not
yet dark when walking to work I saw an
old homeless man rummaging through
garbage for food I turned to my friends
and I said the difference between that
man and myself is circumstance and it's
for that reason alone that this world
should live with unconditional love I
flew out to California where a spike on
main stage at VidCon 2011 this is give
me an awkward question so i might get no
response has anyone had a decade I was
starting to have faith in my calls again
trying to use the internet as a vehicle
for social change I bought this cool new
shirt in Venice Beach and this one but
which one do you prefer I recorded a
debut album with my band now called
squamata theory ate some KFC breakfast
cereal current TV wanted to make a
documentary about my theory to kill
various forms of depression called
expressive insight overworked from
organizing stick a 2011 I became ill and
the stress and thus Morial and that's
more stressed it finally dawned on me
how alone I actually am I gave a talk
about global empathy Save the Children
conference hosted the UNICEF fundraiser
stick eighty thousand eleven at
ravensbourne college where 1.2 million
people tuned in and thirty thousand
dollars was raised I explained at the
end that fundraising events is just the
beginning of what online
he needs to do having heard the news
about Steve Jobs I started watching
videos about him and he inspired me even
after he died that to me is legacy God
given the channel URL youtube com pool /
miles woo I watched Occupy Wall Street
live streams with amazement relaunching
my show podcast 376 I realized that
we've developed a culture where many
people have become complacent in taking
responsibility for their world I visited
occupy london stock exchange was invited
to a unicef talk with Lord Ashdown who
took a great interest in my suggestions
for dealing with world hunger and
poverty discovered a friend of mine is
terminally ill was asked to speak at
VidCon 2012 oh hi everyone I went to see
the room in London hahahaha brought
lights for my studio had an evening to
relax at the modern warfare 3 launch
party got to meet another hero of mine
talk show host James O'Brien spoke on
LBC 97.3 about occupied London defending
it against Peter Hitchens had a bubble
bath with my friend Benjamin cook
shocked at seeing yet more police
brutality this time in the French
capital getting increasingly worried
about pip and site / legislation got
food poisoning found the most epic
diagram of money circulation lincoln
description distraught by how ruthless
humans can become when put under certain
conditions was a zombie for the music
video forever yours which ranked number
four in the UK Christmas charts listen
to the secret society speech by john f
kennedy threw up after being told a
friend of mine had died but after some
texting I realized it was just a hoax
used to be someone who stayed away from
internet memes but then I took an arrow
to the knee ah not the oven e again my
sick relative was given two weeks to
live and therefore was unlikely to make
Christmas I told him to keep a positive
mindset took down my studio will
appeared in a get a christmas story with
malin TV hey i'm sorry but there's no
room at the motel watch video is a
christopher hitchens because he'd
recently died another post death
inspiration to me spent Christmas with
my close relative who stayed positive
and strong I'm so glad he made it I feel
pretty beaten up half this year to be
honest but I survived and thus have come
out much stronger I've discovered the
ability to become a critical thing
and as a result every day I research
I've realized that ignorance is bliss
but now I know what I know it can't be
unlearned and I'm never going to be the
same again every person i've spoken see
whether stranger friend or family I'd
begin to explain with care the real
issues we face in this world and what
the potential solutions are and the
response has been truly inspiring I've
experienced a lot of death this year
with many people having their lives cut
short due to illness or societies
negligence although people like Steve
Jobs and Christopher Hitchens did leave
legacies behind their lives were taken
away when they were still making
progress and the same could be said for
those that took to the streets fighting
for their freedom they lost their lives
and we're still here today and this has
made me reflect on my own mortality I
need to stop making excuses myself I
need to start taking care of my body I
need to start eating better and taking
regular exercise because the truth is
you only get one body in life and if you
fuck it up there is no replacement my
mind is now stronger with knowledge and
experience but it requires a decent
physical well-being to support it and so
I now live every day as if it's my last
and i don't mean with desperation but
with efficiency and in any year i'm
going to start preparing myself for the
future for the long run 2011 was a year
of sacrifice for me i threw aside all
the trivia aspects of my life and began
focusing what really matters the bigger
picture but because of this a lot of
people that I know have now turned their
back on me and so if you're watching
this right now thank you just thank you
thank you thank you from the bottom of
my heart I'll see in 2012 at least until
then
