I could probably list a few things that
fascinate me in life well for one is
contrast the way that two juxtaposing
items can actually complement each other
I mean it's why I'm usually seen only
wearing black and white number two human
nature that traditional notion that
we're constantly having internal battles
between good and evil number three
struggle how what doesn't kill us makes
us stronger number for inspiration the
fact that every person on this planet
has a skill or experience that they
could lend to others to help them number
5 online community bringing people who
are geographically isolated around the
world together through the internet
number six power the true test of not
allowing yourself to be corrupted by
search the list could go on so I'm just
gonna end with number seven movies what
a truly awesome storytelling method why
did you do that whatever's wrong with
was it an accident in true nature since
I started making videos on youtube I
have been constantly contacted by
companies who wish for me to work on
projects with them and to be honest I
turned a loss of them down why you ask
because I just didn't connect with the
projects that they threw my way however
I was approached by the makers of a
movie called Chronicle which comes out
in February first 2012 and they had a
concept which I thought could be really
inspiring the movie is about a group of
friends who developed superpowers and as
a result find that their darker sides
begin to take over now having listed
those seven things that fascinate me in
life i'm sure you're starting to see why
this movie grabbed my attention you know
what i really miss doing on youtube it's
those video response challenges and
thanks to the chronicle team i have one
we can do right now The Chronicle team
are making a short movie called what are
you capable of and you can be in it all
you have to do is post a video response
to this answering that question the team
will then pick the best responses and
put it into that short film now we're
not expecting you to showcase real
superpowers like crushing a car with
your hand
ah papercut or flying listen to me we
can't screw around with this okay so not
only am I going to fly I'm gonna fly
through that door just need a bit of a
run up and we are not expecting things
that could cause yourself harm okay are
you ready can you do it give me a
counter I will I promise okay I'm a
beginner so I'm gonna be using a spoon
okay it didn't work out so good Bart a
what I am capable of I can eat human
flesh because the spoon took a chunk out
of my hand and I got it right here so I
could I could eat that I could eat well
I do what the hell are you doing what
cannibalism is illegal man no of course
it is oh okay it's some Turkish delight
it's not human flesh no I wouldn't do
anything illegal you don't even like
Turkish delight ok so I'm after our real
human stories when the most frequently
asked questions I get is what can I do
to help the world and the truth is so so
much it's about acknowledging your
skills regardless of how small or
trivial they may seem and then applying
them in a way that can really help
others let's say you're really good at
making sandwiches sounds trivial I know
but apply that skill and with the food
that you've created give it to some
homeless people on the street and there
you have it you're a real life superhero
if you're capable of telling a joke
which can make others laugh and smile
then tell us it if you're capable of
doing a trick then teach us if you're
capable of playing music if you're
capable of giving words of advice then
upload it as a video response the
possibilities are endless for this the
internet is a perfect tool for
showcasing to the world what we are
capable of not sure how to post a video
response well when you have the video
ready just click the annotation that you
see on the screen now
I'm genuinely interested to seeing what
you're capable of and if you've never
made a youtube video before here's your
chance just making the headset what is
that Lee I do we're going to sac Steve
wait up man look at this
