hey everyone this is the last episode of
2011 so let's make it a good one glass
of wine check submissions via Twitter
check via facebook check via tumblr
check via youtube check a quiet place to
sit check and ten minutes starts now
before i go to the questions I'm I
better tell you what i'm drinking today
this is Fetzer the earthy friendly
winery california shiraz 2009 and the
verdict is not my favorite but still
quite nice no offense if you from
California I'm sure you have other great
red wines and so any suggestions and
please do put them in the comments um
firstly I just want to refer to many
comments that were made on last week's
episode which was about nuclear energy
and how you can in fact have forms of it
where there is no harmful white waste
and it's therefore clean I wasn't
denying that I was just saying that if
you put geothermal energy alongside
nuclear energy that geothermal energy is
a lot better to use that was the only
point I was making ok question one comes
from Scripture who asks on tumblr hey
are there sources you can share for the
reading technique you mentioned in your
latest video I'm very interested in it
well it's called reading genius by a man
called ed stretcher and actually I've
just got it here this is it i just got
this off my friend alex day who borrowed
this off me I don't think he's actually
used that he had it for about three
years and this is actually quite
obsolete because you got the tapes there
the HS and also there are cassettes on
it I don't know if I would recommend
buying it because it is very expensive
slowly if you really do have the
disposable income there but I'd say
research into it a lot first and i made
a video
on it in future basically it encourages
you to be more confident in what you're
reading it has music that slows down
your brainwaves because children are the
best learners because from a young age
your brainwaves are a lot slower and
that's why you can in take much more
information and it's the notion that by
reading faster down the page instead of
across your brains more excited and
therefore can take more information it's
that notion of if you could drive 10
miles per hour on a road or a hundred
miles per hour 100 miles probably much
more exciting much more fast and that's
kind of the premise for how that works
number two can dl fern asks on YouTube
what are your thoughts on next year's
2012 london olympics waste of time money
and effort or part of a legacy I think
it's a bit of both and you know they say
it's good for the economy i don't think
the transport in London's gonna be able
to cope with it I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to get into work with it
been so crazy so then if it will be that
great for the economy and it's that
whole thing of why pay so much money to
go see these people running around a
track when you can see it in much better
quality and high definition on
television at home which will be much
cheaper but maybe I sound cynical I mean
I'm just a skeptic I guess and it's the
same of anything in life if they're same
its traditional you'll sort of look down
upon by the status quo for um for not
going with the tradition you know I'll
cheer up it is it's good but I think
just the amount of money the billions
and billions of spent on it I just don't
think it's justified however now the
money has been spent let's make the most
of it but you know it's like christmas
christmas i just want to spend time with
family the whole presence thing doesn't
appeal to me anymore and again people
say oh miles you've been so miserable
you know just because things traditional
doesn't mean it's right you know we
should be able to grow out of things and
i think we should go out the olympics
because although sport is great i don't
think it justifies the amount of money
that was spent on it
question 3 comes from working backward
who asks on Twitter what can I do to
convince my school to let you talk there
now this is because I am trying to do a
UK lecture tool in 2012 firstly just get
in contact with me via Twitter Facebook
or my email address which is on my
channel and tell me what school you'd
like me to talk at I'm going to try and
put together a package explaining what
it's going to be about and then i can
send that to you to then take to your
school and if it can be organized
brilliant i can come along and hopefully
it'll be st. great so i'd say it's just
getting contact and then i can reply to
you as soon as I have myself organized
which I will be doing over Christmas
there's a related question here number
four from Brad who asks on facebook what
sort of things would you talk about for
your tour of the nation it primarily be
about my experiences of using the
internet because my internet experiences
have revolved around many facets of the
establishment the education system
mental health therapy the government
with digital diplomacy the with
entertainment all these sort of things
I'm activism and therefore I talk about
my personal experiences and how the
Internet can empower anyone to do what
they wish to achieve I'd also then talk
about the biggest problems we face in
society and what the potential solutions
are to it just to give another
perspective that is most most unlikely
to be taught in school right now so yeah
but this this may evolve as I start
putting my notes together of exactly
what I wish to talk about and if there's
anything else you think I should be
talking about on these lectures please
do get in contact and let me know in the
comments question 5 cibo flee us on
tumblr have you heard the new enter
shikari song gandi mate Gandhi it has
the greatest lyrics omen I have heard it
anyone who's not heard any shikari if
you click here you can hear
that song I think the lyrics are wicked
the song itself I'm not a huge fan of
but n shikari is an interesting band to
me because I'm i came to youtube
initially to read extracts of my film
script a word of advice because it was
about me and my perceptions of the world
coming to a big challenge that we had to
deal with before it was too late but
before going on youtube I'd actually
tried to put together a film trailer
like a a mock-up of what the film would
look like if it was if it was a
feature-length and there was a trailer
for it so it's sort of like a an example
construct of that and I needed money to
make that happens there was a film
coming that was going to help me out and
therefore to raise money they put on a
gig a show in my local town and enter
shikari offered to play for free which
they did to help raise money
unfortunately the project never went
through which is why I then went to
youtube and it was as a story goes I
went to YouTube realizing why do I need
to use a film script as my vehicle for
ideas when I can just talk like this and
actually over the past five years enter
shikari have taken similar paths to me
with identifying problems in society and
what the solutions are I am jealous in a
good way i would love to be in a band
like that i want to be in a band with
people who can play heavy music but with
some electronic stuff in there so if
there's any musicians out there they
want to collab with me let's get going
because I've so many lyrics I just need
the music to put it with so yeah it's
cool ah question 6 if i pronounce this
right iron lucky kid asks on youtube
what's your opinion on drug prohibition
um i'm just going to throw it out there
quite simply just to generate discussion
but my main thought is by legalizing all
drugs you you get rid of most of the
problems that come with it right now
because the war the war on drugs is
failing
is plenty of statistics to show that
which M I'll get together someday
improbably to the video on it just
identify any problem that comes with
drugs and think about how it would
change if it was legalized so you know
crime the black market that'd be
eradicated if it was legalized because
the government could do it if the
government did it it would be that the
drugs would be much cleaner it would be
regulated you could then tax it and the
revenue from tax could then go to fund
health care for people that need health
care due to drug habits and all this
sort of stuff people would be more
willing to get help for their drug
problems because they'd be less worried
about getting sidelined or arrested for
illegal usage I've had a personal
experience where I was in a part of town
where it was renowned for selling
marijuana and the police never tackled
it fully because by leaving that one
area of town to drug dealing they always
knew where it could be and they could
monitor if they got rid of it it would
just go elsewhere and then the chase
would begin again which kind of shows
you how the war on drugs is failing but
there would be people that pull up there
in four by fours mothers with kids in
the car businessman with sports cars
homeless people kids people with all
different backgrounds drugs isn't a
class thing it's not to do with people
with particular backgrounds people from
all walks of life get involved in drugs
and I think we need to you know by
making it more public oh that's my time
up just to finish and I just think by
legalizing it you're going to get rid of
most those problems and make more people
more willing to deal with it because if
you look at the one the drugs that is
the biggest killer out there and most
destructive to society it's alcohol but
it's legal so we kind of treat it
differently you know and there have been
scientists who have been employed by the
government to advise him who listed up
drugs based on how damaging they are to
health and they said you know
alcohol should be a class I ecstasy
should be legal and they were sacked by
the government because it didn't fit
with their political agenda what does
that say to you so thank you for the
questions um hopefully it was all right
this week and I guess I will see on
another episode of eye of the storm in
the new year have a good Christmas I
have a happy new year bye
