I want to start off with a metaphor now
if you can imagine an iceberg and if you
can't imagine it here's a picture now
above the water represents the Occupy
movements around the world which are
visible to the mainstream media the
tents the people and the lazy ones that
need to go get a job but below the water
is a huge mass of people who can't go
out on the streets and protest but who
still believe in the issues that are
being addressed who perhaps still have a
home family and/or a job and who use
social networks to support those out on
the street I mean those under the water
represent people who are a part of a
global consciousness one which the
traditional mainstream media don't seem
to be understanding social media is
something that's only become prominent
in society the past five years it's
still early days and in some ways this
has created a mass divided between
generations i could divide the
generations into three groups the first
group the oldest are people that were
not born with internet and weren't
brought up with it the second generation
people that weren't born with internet
but learnt it in later life and then you
have the third and youngest generation
whose whole life experiences have been
enriched with internet access the
internet is certainly bringing the world
together something I talk about in my
out of sight out of mind video feel free
to check out but I want to talk about
traditional mainstream media which quite
frankly is a sinking ship fighting for
survival just like traditional business
and just like traditional politics in my
video Occupy Wall Street and mainstream
media I tell people to ignore it because
it is a vehicle of propaganda one area
in which both business and politics mix
however since then I've realized that
actually we do need to reach out through
these mediums because the vast majority
of the general population still use
traditional media for reasons I've
already explained and those people they
get spoon-fed what to think not told to
think for themselves if I was still
living my life ignorant to the true
realities of what's going on in the
world right now I would so hope that
song was out there looking for me
seriously so I think it's about time we
fight back using knowledge truth and
integrity and passion if you want but
you're probably asking how well firstly
i can tell you
if you're watching this video right now
you probably understand online community
better than most traditional mainstream
journalists and just to give you an
example in 2008 i was on a BBC reality
TV show called upstage it was run by
Endemol who do big brother and i've put
together a team who ended up beating
each of the acts on the show by over
eight times the vote and the producers
would grab me after each show and ask me
miles how did you do this because they
just didn't understand and over the
years I've been through many traditional
mainstream media outlets and I just see
the same thing again and again and I'm
not having a go at them it's been five
years that social media has become so
prominent and that's quite a short space
of time required for any traditional
mediums to evolve with the times and yes
media colors information with their
agenda but breaking news seems to be the
big thing now because they're having to
compete with social media where people
can tweet news or live stream it
instantly and so they're now stepping
into our territory which makes it a lot
harder for them to censor things so
let's take advantage of this here are
three tips I have for you right now
number one radio stations if you have a
chance to phone up a radio station and
contribute to a conversation whether
it's talk radio or some other show do it
take every opportunity you can because
that is a chance to broadcast ideas and
wake people up but make sure when you
cool the radio station and you get put
through to the producer that you're not
too heavy with what you want to talk
about you know you let them feel
comfortable with letting you on air and
then when that happens you can push the
conversation in your direction and an
example of this was when i was on LBC
97.3 London's biggest conversation last
week number to combat censorship with on
location news coverage you may have seen
plenty of examples where news network
send their reporters on location to
belittle people and push toward really
harsh questioning without dealing with
the real issues once again to push
agenda now it must be acknowledged there
are people at occupy movements who can't
articulate their arguments well and the
traditional mainstream media thrive on
that however it's during these
conversations that there will be someone
else who has been recording the whole
thing on their camera they can then take
the footage and upload it to YouTube
completely uncensored
fantastic once more telling people to go
to the Internet where information can be
much clearer and there's a great example
involving fox news in New York again
click the link number 3 bring news
networks into the conversation many news
networks like to report as if they are
exempt and isolated from the situation
that is unfolding in front of them when
this is just not the case if anything
they are a part of the problem just make
sure you have some well researched cool
points to make and that you are prepared
to counteract any criticisms they throw
you away for example if a news reporter
says well it's clear here the protesters
aren't really saying anything are they
don't just say well we are saying
something and this is it instead or in
addition to that say and this is a clear
example of how out of touch traditional
mainstream media is you know show them
up make them accountable also in
addition to that why not research into
the backgrounds of the Institute's that
challenged us like how BBC employed the
chairman of Barclays Bank to be a senior
director or how simples Cathedral
worldship I London is happening have
been receiving donations from some of
the world's largest banks who have been
the whole reason this economy's been
screwed up with bail out after bail out
I'm not making any concrete judgments
here I'm just saying do some research
and if you find anything interesting
along these lines post it online with
some cited sources please transparency
is key if we want justice to be served
to human beings all over this world it's
time to stop being spoon-fed and to
become journalists ourselves to help
find truth and educate others with it
and if from now on you manage to take on
traditional mainstream media try and
record it and upload it as a video
response to this finally I just want to
say I do a live show every Sunday at
nine p.m. UK time at stickam com 4 /
blade 376 here we discuss recent events
and identify problems in the world and
the solutions which can solve them
please do tune in and if you want a
reminder i'm on twitter and facebook and
on that note keep fighting the good
fight and a DA's till next time
