hey everyone this recording was taken
from iandale show on LBC 97.3 London's
biggest conversation you can follow us
on twitter we discussed the occupy
london movement but first i thought you
should hear Peter Hitchens if you do
however want to jump straight to my
conversation with iandale then just
click the annotation in the top right
corner let's talk to Peter Hitchens now
the coolness for the mail on Sunday
Peter good evening good evening now I
think your dander is up on this issue is
it not oh I just can't believe how
seriously people are taking this
encampment of wallies and why should
anybody care what they think they know
one's elected them to anything it always
assuming that was much of a of a
guarantee of good sense no none of them
have any particular qualifications to
speak out on great matters of national
importance the gold standard for
goodness sake I skim to run Winston
Churchill trying to put us back on the
gold standard which led I think to
serious economic crisis and the general
strike it where these people can follow
as I wrote the other day why don't we
open Joanna South quartz box into the
bargain there's all kinds of cranky
weirdo ideas out there floating around
but the fact that they're not
represented in in Parliament or in the
mainstream press doesn't actually
necessarily mean that they also not
stupid why sure why sure why should just
because a bunch of people have taken up
residence in tents outside some Paul's
Cathedral why should that give them any
more any more right to say what should
be done with the confusion between
several billion all those pensioners who
fought for their country and live honest
decent lives for four decades and are
now broken Houdin never say any much as
far as I know well I wonder if we in the
media as a participating for this in
that what we are we're constantly
covering what they're doing because they
kind of make good copy I suppose in it
was like it's not it's not just that we
are covering them it's the way in which
the way covering I think particularly i
would say the BBC which which fell in
love with the wall street process at the
beginning as of course to the the
left-wing press and the BBC has an aura
start over this directional national
debate I think sensible conservative
newspaper
such as my own saw immediately that this
wasn't the thing to be taken seriously
but we have to now fight against this
this tide of mental slurry as people say
oh gosh these people really have
something to say they've got they've got
tremendously important ideas to put
across why haven't they simply haven't
I've been down and I spent several hours
being talked to by them as you're Mary
and I'm not backward in coming forward
when it comes to conversation but I was
reduced to silence by the streams and
verbiage wish these people really feel
hosed me down with and they're opening
up a fire hydrant of tripe actually know
what do you think that has to be nice I
had no clue that they wanted Tom Lehrer
is great song with folk song army with
the first light of which goes we are the
folks on army every one of us cares
we're against poverty war and injustice
unlike the rest of you squares they
suffer from the great disease of the
people who've never raised family or
paid tax they think they're tremendously
clever and they finally responded to the
old American joke duration of teenagers
which is go out and go in the world
while you still know everything and
don't know everything they have nothing
of any SS to say they're they're making
a mess of what's actually rather visible
part of London and they should go oh ok
would should we make them go home should
the list no I mean I if it's someone
witchy if we still had anybody witty in
government would have engineered a a
water main fracture first underneath the
cap a couple weeks ago made all have
gone or something of that kind or or an
accident involving a truck full of glue
something with no that would persuade
them to go away but no no you can't have
you you can't have police with clubs and
shield and plastic surfaces not
thrusting among these these poor
herbivorous creatures they would be
unfair I just wish it will get cold and
wet soon and they will I think in course
of time go away if they don't then I
think probably straight for the election
would have to be taken some kind to to
injunctive or whatever you need to do
just like I don't show my cream but I
think
think you should leave that till till
later in that I've had bad weather is
the great it is the great hope I just
sense that this is not just a one-off
protest that that if they go away from
here they will reimburse somewhere else
I mean this is not coming in in London
it's happening in cities across the
world there are there are so many people
all over the Western world with nothing
much to do and enough money it seems to
sit around not doing nothing much for a
long time let them go to one's worth
comment I'd no sorry I forgive me the
people wander I thought we cross another
let them go to somewhere remote and not
particularly striking where they won't
get anywhere is way indeed let them go
out into the countryside and have a
proper camp where they have to fend for
themselves and and don't have a
starbucks next next to the encampment
let them do that but they really if they
feel this strongly then let them suffer
a bit more for for their feelings and
can go somewhere whether it whether
experienced genuine discomfort and where
the rest of us won't have to look at
them with a horrible plastic tent okay
Peter trenchant has ever thank you very
much indeed for coming on the program
that's Peter Hitchens a columnist for
The Mail on Sunday well do you agree
with Peter we should frankly just ignore
them and in the end they'll go away or
do you think that some sort of stronger
action needs to be taken Oh 8 45 60 60
973 as a number to call this is lbc 97.3
now we're talking about the London
occupy el and what is it cool is it
occupy LSX that's what it's actually
cool isn't it there's these hundreds of
people outside some pools and I'm
wondering now that they've said that
they're not going to have any further
dialogue with the City of London
Corporation easy time for somebody
somewhere to take some action because I
feel rather sorry for all the small
businesses around that area who must be
suffering starbucks of course they're
rather thriving because all of the P
protesters are getting all of their
coffee there they're going in there and
they're actually charging up their
mobile phones can you believe all day
every day now I'm very anti capitalist
isn't it not and will says who is harmed
by the simples occupies if they hadn't
pitched their tents you wouldn't be
talking about them tonight what you've
got a point
will and and I do sometimes wonder
whether we in the media actually I don't
know may ensure that these protests stay
on for longer when we talk about them
but I think it's a legitimate point of
discussion I think a lot of people have
a lot of very strong views on this
judging by the number of phone calls
that coming into lbc tonight that's
certainly the case quite like to hear
from people who've actually visited the
protesters maybe you've been on the
protest yourself why have you done that
what do you think it will achieve in the
end because so far the demands that I've
read are actually things that frankly
most people could do agree with that
they're a bit motherhood and apple pie
and but nobody actually says well this
is how we're going to achieve our
demands and it's all right while
protesting against something but in the
end you have to provide a solution and
I'm not sure that I've heard any
solutions coming from anybody on this
protest 0845 60 60 973 miles is in
reading hello miles good evening a ten
not too bad what would you like to say
it's interesting that you just said then
in the end there should be some
solutions as if it's the end now and the
truth is this has only just started if
you take Occupy Wall Street which
happened in New York City for example
you know it started with 13 people and
it was about four weeks that it started
to gain quite a lot of momentum and that
was when the press was coming on and
your previous caller there was so much
homonym with what he was saying a lot of
straw man arguments which which what
whoever he is if the points he made is
one judging him on and it was just
opinion I'd like to know firstly has he
been down there because that would
definitely give him a decent perspective
of the reality of what's going on there
and I'd ask anyone listening on LBC now
to go down there and make up your own
minds because what you're seeing here is
you are seeing a conflict of mainstream
media verse new media like the internet
and I'll just give you one example there
are a lot of TV cameras down there which
will interview people and yes there are
some people who are not articulate that
does happen and there are people who
don't have solutions right now now an
example idea for that is there are
people in life who perhaps are suffering
with an illness and may want to complain
about government not giving them the
treatment to have it
but just because they don't have the
solution in mind somehow that takes away
their right to protest about it in the
first place which i think is ridiculous
but just to finish my point on this the
cameras record these people who don't
make great points and obviously won't
show the people that make the better
points although tonight you've had some
people who have expressed their points
and it's actually why do you like lbc
and so they censor it you know you color
it with an agenda and then what happens
if someone else has recorded it with
their own camera and then uploaded it to
YouTube themselves and it's the full
uncensored version and what you're
seeing here is a complete shift in
culture social media and on the internet
has only evolved in the past five years
which luckily enough for me I've managed
to grow up and live with and people are
turning away from mainstream media and
using the internet to educate themselves
and become their own journalists and so
what I would say is if you want the best
representation of what these people are
standing full and what who are the types
of people here instead of saying they're
just you know losers and they're people
that should get jobs there are
statistics that say that for every for
unemployed people there are in the UK
there's one job available you know these
aren't people that have too much money
that they don't have anything better
today there are some people there who
actually have jobs and they go back to
the camp and sleep there and work with
them I I have a job luckily so I live in
my house but I do go there when I can
and participate in what is frankly an
amazing process and I think that the
mainstream media needs to stop being in
denial and give them a lot more credit
for what they are because if this whole
thing in society we like to spit on the
people below us when actually the real
fraudsters in society are the bankers
and the elite that are evading millions
of pounds every day which you may say is
legal because it's you know in pack
paypal if it's evading it's not legal
avoiding is legal is activate isn't my
terminology was poured and I apologize
but my point is just because something
is legal or it's illegal doesn't mean
that that the morality is on that same
level that's all I'm so no but what what
it means is that you then campaign to
change things and I mean I absolutely
agree that people have got every right
to campaign and protest absolutely
a problem with that whatsoever and I
think you made some very good points
that particularly on the way that the
media operate I mean I'm a creature of
the new media I wouldn't be sitting in
this chair now had I not five six years
ago started my own blog and and done all
of that so I'm absolutely with you on
that and it's a very democratizing
process because ordinary people who
previously wouldn't have been able to
make their voices heard now can make
their voices heard so you're absolutely
right on that all I'm saying is that um
once a point has been made is it not
time then to try and think well how can
we take this fool just just putting
together sort of a hundred or two
hundred or have many tents there are
people sleeping in them overnight that
doesn't actually achieve anything of
itself does happen in the end no well
again we're going back to this this
rhetoric in the end we're not there yet
and it's a process that's going to keep
growing and growing and it's when the
government have to start acknowledging
it not by saying stuff I think David
Cameron says like along the lines of
your more constructive standing on your
feet than lying down you know if people
just went to their houses and then just
collaborated industry every day it would
have less impact with engaging with the
mainstream media than it's doing now if
you know these are last resorts for
people if there are better ways of
bringing up in Parliament and that's
great but we can look at this you know
this online democracy you can do now
where you can get a petition we can take
the EU where they were X number of
signatures they brought it up and then
they just dismissed it whether the
reasons were valid or not that adds this
essence of apathy which has grown over
the years people feel you know we work
our jobs and we leave the politicians to
do it and unfortunately the situation is
getting worse and the current system
isn't working and for me I'm not
anti-capitalist to be honest socialism
capitalism communism that they're all
corrupt in their own ways they're just
on a sliding scale of governmental
intervention and there is the problem is
Mars isn't it that there is no perfect
system no one's ever found that the
perfect system of government the perfect
economic system if they would all be
using it that well there is and this
would go into a whole nother
conversation so i'll just leave with a
very simple explanation of it it is
called a resource-based economy i met a
95 year old man earlier this year called
Jacques
go in Venus Florida and he met Einstein
when he was 16 he was on Larry King on
television in 1974 and he said in the
future we'll have automated transport
this is when he was 60 we're going to
have flat-screen TVs we won't have
records for music or have an online
database and he has grafted over the
last 70 years a way that we can live
with a carrying capacity of the planet
we can provide enough for everyone we
can create an above miles technology
miles thank you very much indeed if you
call an absolutely brilliant cool thank
you rounding off that I but we are going
to continue with our discussions lots of
you want to talk about it so we're going
to continue after eight we're also going
to be talking about the fact that
140,000 two-year olds are going to get
free nursery education what do you think
of that oh wait 45 60 60 973
