hi everyone miles here joining me today
Fleur from flatter Falls this is whit
club very well what's going on um I'm
gonna try and help you with your hair
yeah I think today oh that's like I
think it'd look bad it does need it
horrible it's horrible basically all the
different comments to get my videos is
it looks like a rat's nest I'm seeing it
what is a rat's other night I wish mean
I quite like it disgusting gross it's a
mess what you got insects living in it
stuff like that I'm not dying it's clean
it's fine I used to get competitor
screech screech from Saved by the Bell
oh yeah um Jonathan crate yeah I'd be
out in town and then I get stopped in a
bar and uh about this Jonathan Craig
it's like I'm here to have a good time
and now I'm being it just gets old it
does gold so we're gonna try and sort it
out try is it curable doctor I think it
is curable well it depends what you want
to do with it cuz you don't like the
colors i think the curls are good so
what i'm gonna show you this I've got a
few products for you and I think it
might make the curls look nicer rather
than getting rid of the curls which I
know you kind of want to do I think you
should embrace your courage courage
keyword their kids all right down to
college um yeah so should we get into
product yes sure so I got a shampoo and
conditioner for you the first one is
very manly it's l'oreal elvive nutri
gosh shine shampoo and even though it's
pink and iridescent it'll look great in
a shower do you not Lee yeah it does
it's copy and really really good if you
want to kind of smooth down your hair
Ross mother that smells good by the way
I'm just nodding you could be lying this
could be a pretty good it smells like no
like passion fruit I mean everything
else you're telling me is just a lie
could be a joke is it gonna make my hair
fall out no but you don't have sensitive
scalp do you cuz I've got quite
sensitive Scouts sometimes this can
irritate me but the actual results for
your hair a really really good so you
need to use that you can get out from
any tesco or superdrive boots whatever
and you got something a little bit
special for your conditioner is from
joico it's k
back in tents hydrator and this is
actually meant to me like a once-a-week
treatment if you have kind of dry hair
and you want to really tame it because i
use this like every single time i wash
my hair then you just put it on for a
couple of minutes rinse out like normal
conditioner and it will leave your hair
feeling very kind of smooth and it's
called Capac because it's got keratin in
it which I was talking to you earlier
you do know what the Brazilian blow
dryers don't need yes not rude when I
first of all why would it be read ya
know um and then I wait tomorrow you
know yeah the Brazilian blow-dry is
basically when they put keratin into
your hair and blow dry in and it stays
like that so even if you wash it you can
just let it dry naturally instantly
smooth so it's got keratin in it it's
not as potent as a Brazilian blow dry
but it will definitely kind of smooth
down your hair so that will help my
favorite product that I think you're
going to love is kerastase elixir old
team hair oil that the box looks nice
it's a snazzy gold box that you can see
yourself in it for that is C like that
is cool so you know when you like buy
books not because you know what the book
is it just has a cool front cover or the
aftershave bottles cuz the boat looks
nice I'd buy it just got that you can
see the reflection of the camera it's
amazing so hair wheels are essentially
kind of multi-purpose products so you
can use them because they retain the
pips I'm not trying to sound like i know
i know but i still so ignorant you can
either use them as an intensive
conditioner so if you wake up his
morning and you have say like half an
hour before you want to get the shower
you have your breakfast pop like a pump
of this in your hair in the ends on dry
hair it's going to look gross I'll look
greasy and disgusting but then you wash
it out and it will leave your hair
feeling just really soft and smooth you
can then also use it as a serum when you
have wet hair when you get out the
shower so another pump through your wet
hair and then obviously blow-dry it will
let it dry naturally whatever you want
to do and then you can use it as a
styling product to which I think we
should maybe do a little bit now and so
you just pump it out it's quite thin
Robert between your hands and then you
just kind of put it through your hair no
insects in there you notice I I hope not
might discover a few but but you don't
want to put too much in so like use
quite a light touch smells good and yeah
that's Mike just check it I gonna do one
side so it kind of gets rid of a lot of
your fridge hey let that could be quite
good actually look one side versus the
other side no everyone does it when they
straighten my hair like I a half so I
would look decent just no no I wasn't so
sure how the products working okay see
you look look how much less frizz there
is on that site you can see it is less
frizz that's quite impressive you want
to mean and that takes two seconds
should we do the other side yeah pretty
best use a really like to actually don't
wanna end up with super greasy hair no
all feeling like you have loads of
product you've got an especially frizzy
bit up here actually it's a bit my hair
is just random annoying crazy yeah see
then you're like embracing your curls no
frizz but still cursed that's what I
think that's good so there the products
I have for you that's here that's wicked
so I'm gonna trial this so much hype and
it's gonna go horrible already goods is
no no I think at the end of the nasty
hair comments for you I think it will be
if there's loads more nasty comments do
I hold you accountable or blame me okay
I'm sorry I'm sure be fine might Ferber
this in my own hair action hmm oh this
is mine see oh no I'm not know you can
have that sir present is it present yep
you can keep that cool well thank you
very much for everything this is a nice
quiet giving me it's a different video
to losing videos good you know you
always have a lot of variety yes I do
indeed
maz he all right are you crying that's
my shower singing ah it's terrible
terrible what's happened la flair she's
nothing but trouble that these products
she gave me I've got plastic hit yeah
just for the narration sake so this
video actually go somewhere you need to
ask me about the massive wound or the
side of my head this looks real let's
keep going well did your head oh this
yeah I'm I when I opened it the smell of
moisture stuff just knock me out like
smacked my head on the tap the hot tap
where people know that if you're going
to hit your head on the tap the hot taps
bad news cold taps not so bad news it's
horrible hello what this to happen to
anyone else I don't wanna talk in well
it's at the book we're gonna have an m
bored now at the end of my video this is
exciting out worked out her to do what
amazing already well we're going to try
and see how this works now because I do
to video recommendations my first video
recommendation is a makeup guru video I
did I did mine did you recommendation
that it's really good it's called the
purple Power 9000 it was a new product
that came out really good click there
and see it it was actually a hyper
getting featured cuz all the makeup guru
skit featured along its didn't make the
cut I didn't and the second video
recommendation I think you should have
this flop is gonna be a back to school
makeup essentials video so if any of you
going back to school and you want to
know what you need to look good then
don't you can cuz school is all about
looking good right no else isn't yeah
alright cool it's about feeling good
cool well can you say adios to next time
like that idea so next time adios till
next time bread in fantastic
