hi everyone I need your help it doesn't
matter what interests you have where in
the world you live or how much money you
have this is an opportunity that
together we can make the world a better
place in 2006 I hosted a 24-hour
non-stop live broadcast on stickam com
to help spread awareness and raise funds
for the children's charity UNICEF sat in
my university bedroom on my laptop with
a webcam I reached out to 30,000 people
and raised over seven hundred dollars
and thus stick aid was born over the
next five years the event got bigger and
better last year I received help from my
good friend Charlie McDonnell you may
know him and together we reached out to
1.5 million people and raised over
thirty thousand dollars but this year
we're taking things up to another level
as always the fantastic stickam.com are
on board we have YouTube getting
involved and finally the award-winning
online broadcaster channel click stick a
2011 will be packed with exclusive
content including live news called
performances celebrity interviews and
challenges set by you the audience at
home the clock starts ticking live in
central London on midday October first
but you can get involved right now
lights decades valo sticky subscribe to
stick a be a part of internet history
stick aid 2011 24 hours of helping the
world
