something that is so commonly discussed
in society today is what place science
and religion has but it's often done in
a way that puts them at polar opposites
of one spectrum it's religion vs science
and this is something i just find very
unhelpful I mean yes I agree there are
sometimes confliction 'he's but these
are confliction that i feel can be
resolved through rationality through
empathy and through common sense it was
only recently that I posted a video
explaining the universal solutions
project that I have created basically I
think that by creating an online
database that provides people solutions
to their problems based on research not
political opinion that's surely a good
thing there can't be many detrimental
things because of it yet there are
people who are fundamentalists in their
own religions who call me an atheist
which just shows my argument that
opinions aren't always helpful and
aren't always true so to help me
communicate what place I believe
religion and science has in society I
have this little model that I'm going to
try and explain to you now let's imagine
there is a very religious person who has
a dying relative it was currently in the
hospital being looked after by an
atheist doctor after some very tough and
emotional weeks and months it turns out
that this patient fully recovered and is
no longer dying so the question then
becomes who is responsible for this
person being brought back to full health
was it the religious person with their
endless praying to God or was it the
doctor who was an atheist who spent
endless hours of hard work trying to
find whatever he could to heal this
person what do you think the answer is
you only know my thought my answers this
question is it doesn't matter because
whether the person was praying endlessly
or the doctor was doing constant amounts
of hard work they were not conflicting
with each other they can both do it and
thankfully this person has been brought
back to full health there could have
been a situation in which a doctor
actually had faith and a religious
belief that allowed him to have the hope
to keep going and not giving up on this
end of
I appreciate this example is very
simplistic but I think it's one that
when we look at it we realized that
religion and science can work
hand-in-hand you hear people all the
time who are putting down
fundamentalists for being radical with
their views whilst it could be said that
atheists are sometimes just as arrogant
and such as patronizing to other people
without thinking about their feelings
what I'm trying to say is there are
scientists and religious people who can
be just as good and bad as each other
but there are circumstances in society
where we have to have a real debate
about ethics and morals with particular
situations there was once a story of a
very young boy who refused a blood
transfusion in hospital and therefore
died only because of the teachings of
his parents this is when it gets
difficult we have to discuss at what
point do we allow people to practice
their religion and when do we actually
regard something as completely insane so
I guess the final question I have is
whether you believe science and morality
can never work together at all times
there are obviously very difficult
issues and even looking at the universe
of solutions project this has been a
question that has been thrown my way on
radio interviews quite a lot and I just
want to give an example let's take
abortion a very controversial issue and
the question is is the science of
abortion legitimate is it something that
should be allowed to occur and all I say
is that the notion of abortion is a
reactive measure to a problem an
unwanted pregnancy and ever i believe by
actually implementing things through
education better science a better
contraception that you therefore
eradicate the need to have abortion in
the first place because let's be honest
here there are two sides of the argument
there are people that are pro-life and
there are people that are pro-choice but
both sides of the argument would both
agree it would be a much better world if
abortions ever had to exist so free the
use of science and through education we
can hopefully eradicate the need of it
ever to happen obviously that is an
absolute and something that may be
deemed impossible but like anything in
life it is a sliding scale so science
morality and
religion are these things that can truly
coexist in a civilized society or is it
something that will always be
problematic hi everyone how's it going
I've got work to get you now but video
first as always with videos like this
I'm really interested to hear your
thoughts of be sure to comment or post a
video response with your views if you
took away site positive from this video
be sure to click Subscribe below and if
you want to see my latest video you
click the blue button furthermore if you
want to contact me I'm on facebook and
twitter and if you'd like to see another
meaningful video of mine check out what
is the price of human life and if you
once laying a bit more lighthearted then
check out battle scars and as it so
thank you for the support as always guys
it's good to be making videos again and
a dios till next time
