hey everyone I appreciate this isn't the
most well produced video I've ever made
but um it was just an in the moment
thing I had to do I had my high
definition cameras as I taken a lot of
footage about what I'm about to talk
about and I guess I'll make that video
when i get home to England and I'm able
to upload the footage and edit it but I
just wanted to give my initial thoughts
because I'm I'm really really buzzing
I'm Kearney in florida in sarasota with
my family who I went to visit in Boston
and the reason I'm here is because I'm
my parents wanted to know what I wanted
for my birthday in February I said I
really want to meet a man called Jacque
fresco it's the question is who is
Jacque fresco and to be honest I
wouldn't be able to give a an
explanation that would give them an
justice so um I guess what i can do is
and point you to a few links which i'll
put in the description jacque fresco is
a 95 year old man who has worked his
entire life on something which is now
called The Venus Project and all i have
to say really is this isn't about a
video of saying check it out and believe
everything you see it's just to have a
look at it and be inspired because
people often ask what inspires me and
since just before christmas and this
man's research had opened my mind and to
be honest I was so overwhelmed of it and
I got quite depressed not be up at four
in the morning and then I have to go on
my live show just like a talk to people
because like we have to do something and
his works as an entire life and as I
said it's called the Venus Project he is
basically researched on a wide range of
different disciplines he doesn't believe
in narrowing your field of view on on
just one project and so been just on
psychology or just on engineering you
should actually have a general
understanding of everything because then
you can learn more and you'll be more
constructive in
variety and he's designed a circular
city which is self-sustaining and you
may ask why this is important because
the truth is regardless about happy we
are with life at the moment the question
I'd ask you is can we really keep living
at the current standard we we are today
because the truth is this is a finite
planet we can't keep going forever and
we need to live with accordance to the
carrying capacity of the world
unfortunately there are a lot of
problems in society today things that
I'm working on at the moment I read in a
newspaper just a month ago about how the
British government was paying wind
turbine company's money hundreds of
thousands of pounds to stop producing
renewable energy because the production
of the energy brought down the price
because the more you supply of something
that the price goes down and they didn't
want it so they paid these renewable
energy factories or wind turbines to
stop producing because those producing
it through other non renewable forms
their price was going down and it's the
same with farming you know um
governments will find a farmer if he /
produce a particular food or crop by
fighting him so actually a farmer if he
was producing milk and would make more
money producing a certain amount of milk
than if he produced moxa few produce
more he'd be fined so he was making less
money than if he produced that much so
it'd be down here if that makes sense
and being efficient is actually
detrimental to making profit I could go
into this from now for the end of time
and this is a conversation I'd love to
have with all of you on a on a live show
of mine or something but I'm I went to
visit him in the middle of Florida to
our journey and Venus Florida and it was
a six hour talk he took his round he's
designed the home she lives in which are
all circular their their heated by the
Sun and I'm definitely gonna put the
footage up and he's 95 years old and
he's so on the boat and he just gets it
there are some things I may not
with with him but there's a lot of
things that inspire you to think is
education as I've said before isn't
about the transfer of information from
one person to another it's inspiring
people to question and on the two-hour
journey back home I was worried about
taking my dad really because my dad's
happy with life and I didn't want him to
go there and sort of be shaken up and I
don't know this thing direct stick like
what his job was saying net1 but he
definitely took something away which was
really amazing and I kind of almost had
two kids and one is at the end of it
because although I research so much of
it it was just amazing and although he
was down talking the way government's
run today or the fact that you know
there is no such thing as a gifted human
being we are products of our environment
you know if you're a good artist it was
because you took a roots of life which
led you to be a good artist it wasn't
because you were bored with an artistic
gene so to speak and we guessed this
topic from now the end of time but
saying that it was about appreciating
what is the realities of society and he
was talking about you know how
inventions were never made by one
individual and it was actually stumbled
across by someone I'm through trial and
error you know he said the wheel when it
was invented it wasn't some guy he says
his a wheel what do you think it was
probably when a tree fell over in the
forest and maybe fell on another tree
and when they went to it they realized
the tree rolled and they realized that
could actually be used for something and
then when they realized as they were
rolling it it got stopped by a bit of
bark they would have shaved the bark off
and made it a smooth circle or in terms
of making steps when people used to live
in caves when they actually went up to
the cave you would put your foot on the
vertical bits of rock and you'd go from
each bit not the swype on the horizontal
bits of rock he wouldn't step on the on
the vertical bits but over time it
wearing away would make steps and
therefore when he lived somewhere else
they would know to make steps to make it
easier to get to those places so these
are just Inklings of what he was talking
about and so I'm gonna link you to a few
things and I don't know what they are
yet i'm going to
link you to an interview of him with
Larry King it's 40 minutes long but it
was in 1974 when he was 16 something
that's my parents fighting just one
second i'm recording a midi give me to
you this I'll be there I can't edit this
heart to keep going um where was I um
yes so the 1974 interview with Larry
King but don't assume that everything he
says has to be taken you know that he's
learned stuff because he says there's no
final frontier in life the example he
gives us a laptop you wouldn't have the
best laptop and that's it there's no
utopia you know once you've built the
best buy a thing based on your knowledge
up to then you then find fault of it and
then you can improve it and that's how
society should work the second interview
is a more recent one with a new zealand
a new zealand TV station which was
really really good and then is there any
other ones i might put a lecture of when
he was talking about expectations saying
that in life and when you have you
project and expectation about something
and it doesn't happen you may be
disappointed or hurt but that's not
because of what happened in the real
world is based on your expectation your
projections I just I when I see my
friends in bands or I see my friends in
the YouTube community I've gone to I've
gone to friends in the street and I just
said if I could spend an hour talking to
you about this but it would change the
way you see your life forever do you
want to know and a lot of times they say
yeah and these are people I thought we'd
never listens to me and by the end of it
it's changed their the way they see
their life and I just want to leave on
this court really conspiracy theorists
exists in the world you know people
don't like those that rock the boat in
question society is good to question
society but in a constructive way
there's no point saying the government
is if you haven't got a solution
this man has solutions which are just
absolutely incredible this is not saying
that everything he
they should be implemented he's saying
if you have some better come forward
with it and my education awareness
project the universal solutions project
has really taken off in the past few
months and the way I see it is educating
the population and giving people a
website that when st. bad happens they
can go to it and say here's all the
information here are potential solutions
based on research and not political
opinion they will go to that instead of
government and wondering why they're not
responding because if things do get ugly
in society wouldn't it be better if the
general population was educated because
I think a lot of people feel oh I can't
contribute I don't understand and I
think so many people out there
underestimate themselves because that we
can all understand and what I'm going to
do is I'm going to dedicate a month
later this year want me to give out my
skype details and my email address and
I'm gonna for a complete month dedicate
my time to say anyone who wants to
contact me and have a conversation I
will spend that time talking to you
about this because it makes so much
sense and I know we can change the world
for the better but it takes small steps
to begin with and then we can take it
from there and what this man showed me
today was so inspiring and it's going to
be a day I'm going to remember the rest
of my life in fact he's 95 and I asked
him what was the secret of living so
healthy up to now and he said just keep
going and I realized that my quest to
help the world I'm just going to keep
going and I got some books as a result I
got future by design which was a primary
did for Saudi Arabia about construction
that's one of his see designs here's his
book the best mate that money can't buy
you can't see it because it's home hits
in Reverse I know but yeah I could talk
to now since find the longer sides on
their dedicated month and I'm very the
reason I did the last video about my new
job people say oh why you was talking
about yourself you know I just want to I
always wanted to let people into my
Lodge but it has to be constructive in a
way that makes people understand that
they can do the same and I'm very
grateful after all the struggle I've had
that I found a job where I
can be creative and can have fun because
it means now why I'm making a living
just to get by I'm being creative and
having fun and then in my free time I'm
not going to insane finding these ways
to help the world and if anyone is
watching today and wants to find out
more about this please check out the
video is just put an hour just look into
it and if you have any questions write
them in the comments and I'd be happy to
try and tackle them this is not about
saying everyone believe everything this
man says I would check out and blindly
just questioned it it's good to question
in life because by questioning and if
you find sites proven wrong it's like as
I say you know being told that you're
wrong doesn't mean anything if you're
proven that you're wrong or shown that
you're wrong it means that you've been
showing the right way of doing it and
you can progress in the right direction
and actually I just become such a better
person I've become much more patient
with people because if people are
ignorant or if people for example a
racist than that I realize that it's a
product of their environment the way
they were brought up that's not to say
we should excuse it but keeping that in
mind we might have a bit more patience
with no patience but understanding with
people and we'll do what we can to show
them the right way but what the right
way is obviously subjective in many ways
and that's a conversation I guess we can
have for another time so if you also
have any questions for me about anything
I put them in the description and
perhaps i'll i'll do some video blogs
about those sort of questions because i
miss doing him but i had to do this
video I'm just today was just incredible
and I know my hair's a mess I'm not here
to to please the eye just with my voice
hopefully and decade or express
something coherent it was just amazing
and at the age of 95 at least I've met
more I had the chance but he could live
for many more years to be honest he's so
active and so great and on that note I'm
going to stop talking I need to go and
get food love you all and let's fig
scenery um yeah bye
