hey everyone hope all is well managing
to keep up with everything going on in
the world at the moment nah me neither
which is why it's so important we keep
organizing choose our own battles and
support each other whenever we can today
I wanted to touch upon something a
little bit different though and that is
the words of others which have
significantly made an impact on our
perception of life and the world around
us language can be such a beautiful
thing when it is used to inspire
curiosity self-reflection and a
heightened sense of consciousness and
although the internet is becoming
increasingly saturated with quotes these
days see the point of becoming cliche
you do occasionally come across ones
that really make you pause and think so
here are 10 of my favorite quotes that
had such a huge impact on me number one
we can not solve our problems with the
same thinking we used when we created
them this reminds me of the more famous
Albert Einstein quotes about insanity
doing the same thing over and over again
and expecting a different result
but what I really like about this one is
its commentary on human behavior number
two always remember that you are
absolutely unique just like everyone
else I absolutely love this quote
because it has such a brilliant
juxtaposition and as someone who strives
to help create a world of global empathy
this quote speaks to that number three
darkness cannot drive out darkness only
light can do that hate cannot drive out
hate only love can do that when you look
at the world right now
and you see all this anger quite often
it's not constructive my activism is
heavily focused around communication and
how we bring people together who think
very differently about really important
issues this quote is a helpful reminder
about being constructive with every
breath that we take number four if you
really think that the environment is
less important than the economy try
holding your breath while you count your
money I am a huge advocate
for the notion of a resource-based
economy an economic system that runs in
accordance with our planet and its
natural resources clearly the
environment is not being respected like
it should be and the short-term economic
growth that so many strive for is at
odds with the long term environmental
prosperity that we need to survive as a
species and this quote sums it up so
perfectly for those individuals out
there who show complete disregard for
the arguments of environmental justice
number five if you tell the truth you
don't have to remember anything to be
honest every quote on this list could
have been a Mark Twain one he has so
many great lines ever since I was a
young kid seeing politicians M&R about
what to say when asked questions or even
contradicting themselves I always
thought just tell the truth you can say
I don't know or say I can't answer this
right now it's a culture in politics we
really really need number six never
limit yourself because of others limited
imagination never limit others because
of your own limited imagination we all
have different backgrounds we have all
been shaped with different environments
and experiences and so what one person
sees might be out of you for someone
else it's a helpful reminder to be
respectful of other people and to not
shoot down things straight away number
seven and those who have seen dancing
were thought to be insane by those who
could not hear the music as you can
probably see through this list so far
there is a running theme it's all about
the human condition and this quote
really summarized how I've felt at
different points in my life especially
when I first got involved in activism
and so when I read this quote it really
made me smile and brought me a lot of
comfort and I'm sure it will do to a lot
of you who are hearing that quote for
the first time number eight if you think
we can't change the world it just means
you're not one of those that will we
live in a world full of cynics and at a
time where
we are connected globally where we are
looking at global issues the notion of
changing the world is a real thing if
that is what you want to do in life go
for it and this quote just makes me
smile on the outside and the inside
number nine someone once told me the
definition of Hell the last day you have
on earth the person you became will meet
the person you could have become I don't
think a quote has ever hit me so hard
upon its first reading you hear a lot of
people talking about having no regrets
I've never seen that message captured as
perfectly as in this quote which is kind
of a scary thought this just makes me
realize every day is another chance to
make a difference and number 10 we're
just rehearsing who we think we are
these eight words encapsulate the human
condition perfectly I've shared this
line with counselors psychiatrists
journalists people from all walks of
life and it just makes them pause and
think wow yeah that makes sense that
really speaks to me it's powerful I love
how this line showcases that life is a
dance that is full of self-discovery
trying to suss out the world that we
live in and how we fit into that it's
truly beautiful truly powerful and one I
think about very very often and the
final thing I'd probably say about it is
when I'm going through tough times it
reminds me that I do have the ability to
shape a more positive path it's not
always easy but with reflection and
inward looking change can be made we're
just rehearsing who we think we are so
there you have it 10 quotes that really
mean a lot to me what did you think did
any of them speak to you in particular
it'd be really interesting
to hear about your favorite quotes as
well so be sure to post them in the
comment section of this video
I'm sure together we could come up with
quite an inspiring list I owe a huge
thanks to my friend Lea for creating all
the wonderful graphics on this video
Thank You Lea it saved me from resorting
to using boring text or even super
cliche quote imagery online like oceans
and landscapes and while we're on the
subject of quotes I'm actually currently
in the process of sending out postcards
to some of my lovely patrons and the
design I decided to go with this month
is this another Mark Twain quote the
secret of getting ahead is getting
started which speaks volumes about the
current situation I'm in I'm only able
to keep going because of your support so
thank you for being my fuel and this
month I have relaunched my patreon page
the description has been completely
rewritten where I outlined my plans of
launching a media organization around
education and value systems I have
updated the goals and I have revamped
the reward system thanks to the
excellent feedback I've been receiving
from the patreon community so far so
please visit patreon.com forward slash
miles Dyer check it all out and let me
know your thoughts like and share this
video and let me know about the
quotations that have really inspired you
thank you as always for watching I will
see you next week
adios till next time
