one of my all-time favorite quotes is
from Mother Teresa she said I found a
paradox that if you love until it hurts
there can be no more hurt only more love
and I just think that's a really
remarkable thing to say a couple of
weeks ago I received a big package and I
decided to open it during my live show
and this is what I found okay so I'm
going to open this now find out what's
in it nice and low package and so I open
it up let's have a look here got a
letter guess I should read that first
dear miles as a psychology student
you've always been interested in our
emotional cells and the things that make
us happy as people you strain it in post
like dealing with the hate where you
inspire your subscribers to stay strong
in the face of online bullying it's just
one of the many videos that demonstrate
your true honesty passion and heart
which is why we're thinking you're the
person to lead our experiment into what
love means for the YouTube generation
people say young people can't be
bothered to take time to read or write
anymore in a world of digital media
we're a Greek interested in social
psychology and innovation in
communications who are asking does the
love letter have a place in an age where
heartfelt expression has been reduced to
lol's and smileys has the arts of
crafting then being forgotten or has it
evolved and taken altogether new form
and that's from the LOL experiment team
and here i've got a microphone with lolx
on it so i guess that's how i'll be
presenting the show in future I've got
these are love hearts do you have these
in the states with all the messages on
them there's a notepad got a book here
love letters of great men pencils pens
or coloring with click on and do a love
letter and then I've got some envelopes
here and I've got some more cards here
now this now this is amazing
this is insane this is actually insane
okay what do you need to send the letter
look a laugh I am on a British stamp
legal stamps first class stamps sorry
that is like the coolest thing ever I'm
gonna have to keep these forever but on
a serious note I am now a part of the
project called the LOL experiment where
I host a new video every Friday in which
I set a new task to do with writing love
letters and it's to find out whether or
not the love letter is a dying art and
the young people today gets so much
negative press about being a literate
and how technology is corrupting them
but i think that you know traditional
letters and new media can actually
combine into something quite special so
i'm not going to say anything else
except check out the link that you see
on the screen right now and i hope you
will join me not just in watching the
videos and commenting and telling all
your friends which I hope you will do
because it's for a really great noble
cause but also get working on letters be
creative with anything you can and mail
me at the studio because all the details
are there on the YouTube channel and
hopefully over the next coming weeks up
to Valentine's Day will have something
very very special indeed so on that note
I love you all and a date until next
time
