wake up on the third floor of a friend's
house wishing i had not drunk so much
the night before fool the wall behind my
desk chair was looking a bit plain and
boring dealing with day death threats
because of an online article written
about me the truth doesn't matter when
most people in life seem to only believe
what they read first appeared on a BBC
comedy clip called how to play no more
women went on UK tour with my favorite
band Fear Factory the band dedicated a
song to me on my 23rd birthday I became
great friends with the vocalist Burton
seatbelt who was my lifelong hero yes my
friend share with you ordered a custom
made silver ring at the Golden Frog in
London started a new comedy youtube
channel called miles dire TV posted an
online game shade the zone created a
pilot for a new BBC show called suck my
mark I was very sure it was going to go
well lost my job at the BBC due to cuts
and the pilot was dropped my custom ring
arrived free the post today already
wanted to move to the US but I can only
get a green card if a company out there
would sponsor me thought perhaps I was
losing my touch when it came to video
making found out a few of my clothes UK
YouTube friends were talking about me
stop posting videos on miles die TV
worked in construction as a labourer
halfway through the year and I was
wondering if the death threats were ever
going to stop close myself off from the
world wondered if I was ever going to
bounce back went to VidCon 2010 was a
showman I get to talk about online
community surrounded by American girls
with their hot accents so many kids
leave VidCon with the impression that
fame is all that matters when actually
surely it's about what you're famous for
found out the vid con hotel elevator
alarm sounds like wood discovered I
don't always have to buy baggy shirts
made eye contact with my youtube crush
but I just didn't think she wanted to
talk to me met many great people at
VidCon including blank bliss who help me
restore faith in myself again at a
meeting with the fear factory manager in
LA and a music video directed for the
band was released worldwide visited
YouTube friends Brenton vinay in dallas
texas more American girls of hot accents
went on a shooting range visited parents
in Boston offered a well-paid
consultancy job in the US but only if I
had a green card to live
first by hey catch-22 took up vocal
training face of the RNLI life's a beach
fundraiser show at Bournemouth hit stick
a 2010 1.5 million people tuned in and
together we raised thirty thousand
dollars for UNICEF I gave a two-hour
talk to the BBC blast youth panel my
grandmother's Alzheimer's was getting
pretty bad thought it was time to make
videos again decided to get short hair
short hair grew back to long hair going
to my youtube crush who I met at VidCon
online and realized that she thought I
didn't want to talk to her down invited
on Sky News as a social commentator to
talk about being open about your life
online invited on Sky News again could
no longer afford singing lessons ban
myself unable to afford food for two
weeks scary times felt like a failure to
my parents brother told me while we were
doing the washing-up that as long as we
spent together things would be alright
and I burst into tears rejoin the band
down within when drums began a new
podcast show podcast 376 became a viral
marketing consultant for universal with
their stand up comedians realize this
meant i was now self-employed and i had
to deal with the tax rules and self
assessments won a twitter award for
stick a 2010 one the private individual
twitter award for being myself which is
great and won a twitter award for my
live shows 376 live which beat UK
comedian helen car started to bleed in
myself a bit more again invested in a
high quality microphone for my life
showing podcast microphone broke three
weeks later presented a live show at the
dma awards 2010 took a new interest in
the venus project in the zeitgeist
movement impulse purchase of the year
couldn't sleep for weeks because i began
researching into the current economic
situation my grandmother passed away
decided to take a stand against the
current system went on tour with fear
factory again hero had told me that I'd
inspired him the most amazing thing ever
and he gave me his hat came to a
conclusion night she looking right
wearing this I posted a very passionate
video on my youtube channel about how
it'll change the world together although
some thought it was hysterical found
myself stood next to my ex at a local
show it was a shame that she would only
stare at me and not speak Christmas play
with the family but I felt deaconess
sadness just because it was the fifth
anniversary my best friend's death
realized having an ambition to change
the world requires careful thought and I
have my whole life to make a difference
so why the rush so I took a step back
took a deep breath scripted this video
realize that this is all process whether
pain depression numbness happiness or
pleasure it makes us what we are I
discovered many floors about myself this
year but many positives two so now with
a smile I get ready for a new year with
new hope with no experiences and i'll
see you in 2011
