hello everyone how's it going today is a
very special day because my friend
Charlie McDonnell has turned 20 years
old so happy birthday dude and to
celebrate this great occasion i thought
i would give myself the task of trying
to complete in one video all of the
challenge Charlie's so to start with I'm
doing the one I was least looking
forward to who trying to get it out of
the way which was to eat some baby food
sunday chicken dinner now to wear all of
your clothes at once oh look at it so
marshmallows put as many in your mouth
at one time without choking
the only way I could describe that was
eating cold lumpy sick blue she make a
bubble each end and then you twist them
like that okay drinking some ketchup but
I feel because it's a birthday normally
you have a drink for someone so I'm
gonna fill the rest of this with beer
and you twist a unique fish yeah it's a
very thick beer I must admit when
stirring it so I've got some fish
fingers some custard actually fits me
now this shirt 1 2 3 full
here's Charlie that was gross okay I
should have put the trousers on first
but I think this is a good attempt
compared to the other food challenges
I've how to do this is a complete tree
hmm oh the blood is actually getting cut
off from my arms so I need to take this
off now and don't do it because I hear
from people Oh dog moon ok I'm going to
try and make a little dog so it's time
to become a purple man it's time for me
to write a letter to the leader of our
country David Cameron but why because
i'm going to apply to become a knight so
that's the head and I think it's how
you're supposed to do it but damn it
boot home hi mom so time to make my hair
dyed red I don't have any juggling balls
so instead i will be using Apple's so to
start with two it's that sort of but
your round with an American actors hmm
red hair and I am now completely purple
that was one for Charlie's birthday was
here we go marshmallow soup anybody the
truck goes out to Charlie good is it
birthday no longer repeat 20 years of
age to go instead of a messenger
remember to say give it up
I'm going to have a cape but what I
fought is because I want to climb walls
I need to be disguised so if someone
looks around they don't go oh it's super
hero miles or whether my name is now
with three I don't think I'm going to do
this weight positive oh but oh it's some
wallpaper that was bound to happen dear
David Cameron my name is Miles dire and
I am writing and hope that you are able
to make something very special happen Oh
BAM I could be there and I'm doing all
my vigilante stuff you know punching of
shaking hands depends what the task is
really back in two thousand eight a
friend of mine named Charlie McDonnell
sent a letter with hopes of becoming a
knight if only I could sing then you
would hear my sincerity because words on
paper only speaks so much a voice holds
much more clarity something from my wall
it is his 20th birthday today and so I'm
sure you agree with me it is important
that we make it exceptionally epic hello
citizens my name is bleh 376 not
interstate free sim 6 it's the road to
justice where criminals fear wallpaper
now don't quote me on this but i'm
pretty sure Charlie said that I would
make a better night than he would I
don't know it could kick off but here I
am 23 years of age so Charlie in three
years if you're still doing this I
wouldn't worry cuz I'm Way ahead of you
if you were to get the Queenie to make
me a knight especially on Charlie's 20th
birthday it would make him oh and of
course from
self very very happy thank you so much
for your time David regards miles dire
oh PS I've enjoy my appreciation
there's still one challenge left for me
to do but don't worry or I'm gonna do it
now but because I'm short of time i'm
going to make it quite simplistic
Twilight I read it and if you feel
cheated by that then don't worry if you
click on that right now I'm on the
annotation I promise you'll feel a lot
better okay
