hi guys here i stand do you like how the
walls coming along it's not doing bad is
it if you have anything you want to send
for my wall you can either email it
through blade 376 @ gmail.com but if
you'd actually like to post it to me
which is even better it's nice to always
get sink in physical form then I have
put the address in the description box
this is an update video and I hate doing
update videos but I just felt the need
to say that I'm alive and I'm doing good
because I did lose my job must been
about a month ago now and unfortunately
I've not been having much luck and it's
been really hard to get my ovation and
start doing videos again I've got a lot
of cool things coming your way but most
importantly i have a new YouTube channel
now it's like I've been thinking about
for years now you know how i do serious
videos and then when i do comedy and
more entertaining videos and joke about
some you know people ways go I can't
believe you made a joke about that when
you're about helping people and people
can't seem to separate the two when it
is quite easy so to make it easier for
you guys if you like the more serious
and things I do in the projects then
stay subscribed here but if you like me
when I'm crazy and a bit more
entertaining if that's what we call it
then check out my new channel which is
youtube com forward slash Myles diet TV
and I've done any video there please
please tell everyone you know because
about 2,000 of you out of my almost
30,000 subscribers actually receive
updates I've been trying to get youtube
to sort out and help me and they're just
ignoring me so I'm I'm glad I still good
you guys watching now so thank you and
also to say thank you this is just a
handful of letters I've been receiving
through the post of my address and
whoops and also I've been getting like
American candy like gobstoppers these
are really really really good and I have
tried it have stuff like this I really
I'll it's probably once before I'm tried
these yet and also at least I got me
lees and their stress mints which hurt
should hopefully help me in these
times and finally when I was on tour
with fear factory my favorite band I did
do it in the end it was amazing if you
actually click here there's a video of
when I was with my hero on that tour it
was just for the website but you can
click it there and I spent a bit of
money on a silver ring that was
custom-made and I got it through the
post and there is the great frog in
London is where you need to go if you
want stuff like that really good they do
some really funky stuff so yeah I just
want to say like I've been receiving
mails lately from people saying oh you
haven't commented on my video or replied
to a male but it doesn't mean I don't
appreciate you guys and I think actually
this is why I need to do an update video
and I think it's to let you guys know
that whether you've disappeared and
you're out there somewhere or you're
here now because I've been on YouTube
almost four years now I love you guys
and you have changed my life in the most
surreal way ever I cannot put it into
words and the journey still going for me
and I know I'm doing this new channel
now so you may be thinking oh I'm going
to step away from this but at the end of
the day the reason I want to get
exposure on that channel is if I can
sort of tap into the mainstream area of
YouTube and get a bigger fan base then
hopefully i can bring them back to this
channel and get them involved with my my
projects that i want to do to help the
world you know stick aid 2010 I'm
working on now in terms of VidCon I'm
gonna try and get there if i can get
bits of money together but yeah it
doesn't end here with my videos you can
i'm on facebook add my page my website
of course blade for some 6.com I'm
always doing blogs on there and my live
show on Sundays and that's always a
great laugh and I'm not someone who puts
myself on a pedestal it's literally I
just want to have fun with you guys and
chat and get to know you well which is
something I've done over the four years
my date thing that's changed about me I
love you and I never ever take you for
granted that's it thank you daddy s till
next time
