sorry I feel really rough at the moment
I'm ill and my head is currently not
here it's up there somewhere see you
can't even see it I can't even see it
hello let's just do the video and see
what happens come on I can do this video
I can do this taking the piss is when
you are taking advantage of something or
someone it's when you are mocking when
something happens out of the ordinary
and so I thought I'd give you some
examples of how taking the piss can be
used in many many phrases I was once in
the supermarket with my brother in the
drinks aisle because I wanted yet you
guessed it drink and employee came down
and said excuse me and you're not
allowed down here so my brother that is
so he had to leave the oil and I looked
across and there was a family there but
I pointed that it's four year old son
not in a mean way just what's he doing
here he's not old enough to drink and
they said well that's different well you
know what it's not different it's taken
and piss there's an application on the
iphone and it goes something like this
and i was looking at reviews and online
there was a guy who said i am a 40 year
old man and have dreamt my whole life of
one day being a Jedi now with this
application I can walk down the train
waving my ipod around being a Jedi and
defending the universe that is taking
the piss right I recently got this game
and you know what people call it cod2
cod too it's a game not fish it's taking
the piss now my brother was working in a
supermarket one set the check out an old
man came to the check out with only two
items he bought one was a cucumber and
one was a pack of condoms and the whole
still just in complete silence just
watched him make the whole transaction
and he was acting like nothing was wrong
with that all suspicious that's taking
the piss lately on the news there was a
story about a really really young kid
doing air traffic control at JFK Airport
in New York helping plane to take off do
I really need to say anything other than
that's definitely taking the piss
there's a pub in my town reading called
the Turks
I was there one day and there was some
abuse being shouted down from the window
of an apartment next door going gate
down the bloody noise and what they'd
moved there like a couple of months ago
you know not using their intelligence
that perhaps moving next to a pub might
mean they would be subjected to noise
especially if they keep their window
open and not only that the pub was built
in the 1500s so I think I know who was
there first so you know what those
people are doing they're taking the piss
boy crazy obsession the piss Oh many
years ago I was told that on British
postage stamps it had the queen's head
on it yeah yeah you heard this too well
it's a lie is a picture that's taking
the piss it's not our real head it's not
real hit so today i just thought i would
try and make an ironic video and I guess
that's taking the piss do so by a porn
mag not that I would it's degrading and
sexist what's not really sexist because
you're kind of complimenting the women
saying yeah that's pretty nice but
anyway the point was you have to be 18
to buy a porn mag yeah you can have sex
at 16 so what does that mean if you're
16 and 17 you're allowed to do it but
you're not allowed to look so you just
have to keep head up there that's taking
the piss being handed some fresh apple
juice oh thanks and finding out that
it's warm that's taken
haha
