hello everyone today I'm taking part in
project for awesome for those unit don't
know what it is it is a project started
up by vlog brothers where everyone in
the online community gets together
sheets the algorithms that constructs
the YouTube daily charts and we promote
our favorite charities and causes it is
effectively aimed to reduce world suck
suckage or suction now the course i'm
speaking of is one of my own and it is
called not alone the reason i'm speaking
about it here is because many charities
require money or time and in this case
the cause requires no money and very
little time a year ago i was in therapy
and i went 3-1 the toughest times of my
life but I broke through and I got
better and with the recovery I made a
video called you're not alone in which I
spoke about my personal experiences and
over the years since then I have had an
overwhelming response from the online
community every day I'll be receiving
pages and pages from people telling me
about their personal experiences telling
me how they've been on the edge of life
and actually how my video has helped
them turn their life around so in
reflection I've learned that the video
is actually being successful because it
has advice which is objective because i
don't speak specifics but it relates to
everyone in a constructive way
furthermore because it's a video is
consistent advice and people can view it
whenever they feel comfortable and if
you want proof of this or website is
click here and view the video for
yourself and if you look in the comments
section i think a lot of what people say
is a testament to the success of the
video i don't feel there's a need to
give any more justification for the
cause because around christmas time is a
time where a lot of people do go through
a lot and it's about being wary that
even people who have brave faces may
internally be suffering so by giving a
helping hand by spreading the word of a
video people don't have to admit their
problems publicly but in a quiet moment
can actually turn to the video and get
help for themselves the way i see it no
one deserves to feel alone at Christmas
and together spending five seconds of
your time to do a tweet on Twitter
spending ten minutes instant messaging
people and all your messenger programs
sending emails out to your friends
personally showing someone you feel is
in need the video but check the comments
in the video and hopefully that will
convince you that just spending a few
moments your time could actually save
some lives be sure to check the
description of the video for more
information thank you
