so you can introduce yourself first oh
my lord I don't know if I should be
allowed he should be allowed it's
recording too late yes I'm on my name's
Robert Eleanor Bobby Lou on YouTube and
why have we been here today at the BBC
we've been talking about the impact of
of new media technology on the media
space and how people can interact more
with more legitimacy and with more
what's that other really good word you
used anyway good stuff ok with each
other I didn't use that word we did it
here at the BBC in London and in the
studio with Austin for watching lots of
like well educated grown-ups this could
actually be my 67 September you save it
ok hello I'm done oh I'm fully circles
don't quit you see any good jokes 60
seconds absolutely none i'm rubbish it
ok it's been a great day has been good
met a new great friend we friends now
where we offerings we are officially
friends and if red dwarf comes up again
on minute saying are definitely yeah
sorry so it's been a good day by 60
seconds September
