when looking on the charts in YouTube at
the most discussed it makes me wonder
what does discussed actually mean
because let's face it when I see people
post comments on YouTube videos I always
see it as a bi-directional form of
communication and not multi-directional
so what do I mean by that were you
watching my video right now you're going
to post a comment and I might reply but
how well do you know these people that
are watching this video alongside you
perhaps I've called this wrong and you
actually know everyone very well but I
highly doubt that I guess a comparison
to this point is a teacher in a
classroom they will talk about something
which is provocative and then a member
of the class will speak their mind but
sometimes the teacher will say well
let's have a class discussion and the
children would speak among themselves
and they'll actually gained a lot more
out of the whole experience so therefore
i'm just putting it out to you in this
video there's no real topic but i'm just
going to ask you to use the comments to
chat with anyone else who is watching
this video get to know others and you
may just make a new friend or two sixty
Seconds September
