I thought I'd do this video when I'm the
other day i came across someone who i
really like she has a boyfriend to
really care about someone which would
suggest that i would do anything to be
with but the way that my mind works is
as long as she is happy even if it
doesn't involve me then that's awesome
an issue I have is I'm attracted to
girls that have issues things in life
that need fixing i befriend them i get
close i give them security and once I've
managed to help him of that problem or
once they have found someone else I
become detached and I feel that I've
done what I've needed to do and it's
when I think about that I wonder am I
ever going to settle with one person or
am I just gonna keep on trying to fix
well I always remain alone and single
for the rest of my life affection love
and all those emotions are truly
confusing things we all have dilemmas
and love complexes so I'm interested
hear yours because we all have stories
to share 60-seconds September
