have a good thing about me censoring my
videos is that when I say that only
those that know the word already will
know what I'm talking about so if
there's any youngsters out there who
don't know what I'm talking about I'm
actually saying carrots so it's Friday
finished my last day in construction of
the week it's a great job but during it
I get slagged off by a lot of my
colleagues they like to undermine me and
I came up with the best comeback ever
however if you have any better comebacks
in this then please do share it the way
it works is whatever someone calls you
negative all you do is reply and say
well I'd rather be that than being your
boy yeah very stupider again today I'd
rather have stupid hair than being a
good you are third loop well I'd rather
be weak than being a you'll all right oh
yeah why I'd rather be than being a butt
yeah the only time it's not gonna work
is if they call you at first because I
mean what is worse than being do you
think the double boo boo boo
