hello everyone how's it going it's time
for SSS
they're probably wondering what it is
it's 60 second September many of you
would remember Veda vlog every day in
April well personally I didn't get time
to do it back then
and I wanted to do something similar so
every day for this month
I'm reposting a series of vlogs which
are one minute long and if you've never
done anything like this before or if you
did beader and you enjoyed it so much
then why not do this and if you don't
fancy uploading videos onto your current
channel then why not set up a new one
especially for this but if you have
questions for me that you want me to
answer if you want to challenge me
anything like that then just post it
here on this video and just be creative
with what you suggest because the more
creative you are the more creative I can
be works out alright in it I think we
are ready to go I'll see you tomorrow
September 2nd
