one of my all-time favorite quotes is
actually about the internet and it is
internet its absolute communication
absolute isolation and when you think
about it it makes a lot of sense we live
in a world now where we have this tool
that allows people all across the world
who are geographically isolated to
communicate but the same time if we
don't translate these communications
into real life event then it is kind of
worthless because all we'll be doing our
entire lives is sitting in a room
chatting to a screen especially in the
past year I've received a lot of
concerns from people in all walks of
life that I have become friends with
saying why are you ignoring me miles why
haven't you been in touch lately and do
you hate me about done something wrong
or you've been such a dick and it's
really hard because I've had to step
back and think have I done something
wrong you know in the way I've been
dealing with my friends but when looking
at the full picture I realize it's due
to the cyber society that we in fact
live in before the internet was so
easily accessible we would embrace any
opportunity we had to socialize but now
with Twitter with facebook with YouTube
you know with everything our fingertips
whether we have an iphone or leave our
instant messenger applets online it
makes communication so the media and
abundant and therefore compared to when
we used to accept any person who tried
to contact us we are now left with this
choice of do we reply or do we ignore
and it's not that we're intentionally
trying to be disrespectful but if i was
to respond to every single man i got if
i was to respond to every single instant
message or text message even if it was
just me saying i can't talk right now i
wouldn't have anything to talk about
anyway because my life would just be
responding to people there are two types
of people in life there are those that
know a few people but knowing very well
and then there are those people that are
hubs and people that know vast
quantities but don't know them that
great well i think with the internet
it's all come together now into one
massive thing in which we know vast
numbers of people but free quick
information exchange we actually know
what time they got up in the morning
over their status updates what they had
for breakfast and what they plan to do
with their day I guess my question is
where do we draw the line do you believe
this is an issue that general internet
users would truly understand and do you
think society will ever eradicate such
problems or evolve into a culture where
we are forced to prioritize who is worth
our time and who is not
