hi everyone i am testing live streaming
on youtube to see if this works so let's
have a look here videos and hey I'm just
seeing if the live streaming was working
clearly people been getting links it's
just it's not appearing on my YouTube
page let's have a look here well maybe
it doesn't appear there until hey
everyone hey great so I normally use
twitch because when they first allowed
gaming live streaming it had to be done
through YouTube gaming it was like a
separate thing and so I never linked my
accounts and i've been using switch but
not a lot of people use twitch or they
use it but they're not they don't have
account so they can't chat and so very
few people watch my twitch live streams
because there's not much interaction
which is quite frustrating so I wanted
to try it on here today so i'm actually
looking on the page and i may actually
get to a point where i start doing I
wanted to do weekly gaming streams
because it's saying I don't really talk
about a lot of my videos but I am a huge
gamer and it's finding the best way to
do it I was actually going to do a video
a long time ago because I've got a lot
of highlight clips of different games I
play but yeah I wanted to just try the
last of us and it's it's coming up on
here so that's great I'm just wondering
how it will appear for other people so
I'm just having a look here
subscriptions it's lazy they just
chained in hello I'm playing the
last of us for those of you that have
not played it before or seen it it's the
most incredible game ever I'm actually
playing it on Survivor mode which is the
original hardest mode they then did an
upgrade where you could do ground it
which is even more difficult but I'm on
the second playthrough on Survivor mode
which means I get to keep a lot of my
upgrades and stuff to just give you a
quick summary of where I am in the game
it's not many spoilers but there was an
infection which plagues the world and 20
years in the future you're playing this
character called Joel who was quite
bitter he lost his daughter in the
affection and the rest of his family and
they were trying to pick up a shipment
from this group called the fireflies
sorry from the hunters and they finally
got there and realized that the hunters
didn't have their shipment the fireflies
took it met the fireflies the Firefly
said we'll give you the weapons the
shipment but only if you smuggle this
merchandise out of the city so they've
cleared it they found out they do have
the merchandise but the shipment the
merchandise is actually a young girl
called le and that's where we are in the
story right now in this game it was a
remastered one then it's it's absolutely
beautiful the acting is fantastic and
it's a really creepy gaming places as
well but because I'm on Survivor mode
there's not many resources and I could
really do with some because you need to
craft things which it won't let me do at
the moment let's have a look here
so this is 20 years into the infection
so the world is much scarier place I
absolutely am Photoshop it's gonna be
amazing look there's a patrol of the
hill all right we're good come on up
come on kid I'm just going to look at
saying cuz i think what you step okay
that's not this bit this is gonna be
really difficult see if I die lots
apologies
this is a remaster game that's like 34
years old the graphics just beautiful
so we've just got to the outside the
city this is Ellie and yeah
up this way
you ready
don't do anything stupid move turn
around underneath scan him I'll call it
in okay put your hands on your head this
is Ramirez at sector 12 your question
pick up the three stragglers understood
look the other way gonna make this worth
your while shut up what dt a couple
minutes not good fuck I thought we were
just gonna hold them up or something
shit look
she's in fact Marling citizen
why the hell are we smuggle in an
infected girl I'm not infected no which
is lying I can explain you better
explain fast look at this I don't care
how you got infected it's three weeks
old to know everyone turns within two
days so you stop bullshitting it's three
weeks I swear why would she set you up
hello to run watch it and feel free to
type in the chat who I can see on the
right hand side this is going to get
tense this is on Survivor mode so
there's not much help at all go go go
when I give you the signal we run run
now what
shit where they go
stay away from little ice okay go go go
go go hey Swift keep running keep
running l gonna be another sprint you
ready yeah god damn it come on Ali
shoo
see I'm just testing live streaming on
YouTube and I'm thinking of maybe making
it a weekly thing because I love gaming
and it'd be cool to maybe do an hour a
week so I'm just got to work out what
day it is because I do a weekly live
stream anyway for my patrons as you'll
be able to see in the details down there
still all right what the thing follow me
I'm thankful I'm a
run shit
oh that is not good
I hear them up here shit shit shit they
just head
got him dead out of ammo right we got to
run run hopefully they're following me
comedy ever used all miami won it I feel
like they've changed this control system
in a recent update so everyone who's
watching and in the comments let me know
like are you all gamers or not really i
think gaming has such wide appeal these
days okay if I remember I've gotta run
quickly over here
in spite of this yet let's go around
they have got to just keep moving
quickly by this
oh my god I got past all of them then I
think it's back in here hopefully I'm
not wrong waiting sticking around to
find out your friendly neighborhood volt
boy hey didn't donate clusters I was
saying I'm testing it on youtube because
I swear when it was first on YouTube you
had to have a gaming account so i tried
twitch butt twitch not many people have
accounts on there so i thought i'd try
back on here with this leads and it
seems to be working ok well i got
through that quickly yeah this looks
right even though i think loves
completely wasted all my ammo and these
were out right how the look there's
nothing good we can squeeze the rear
touch I got more soldiers targets still
on the Luthor break off pursuit report
back to sector 11 Oh think they seized
that's gay gay gay I just want supplies
but how are you safe no they're still
around there we go some parts here Joel
see if there's anything we can use in
here that's what I'm doing box and
there's nothing survivor made is so
stingy
the
okie dokie let's get out of here yes up
through here for this part I think we
can make it through here say very close
Sally right if I remember you stay
around the edges that ain't cat I can't
down the middle true all right there go
what was the plan let's say that we
deliver you move to the fireflies what
then Marlene's she said that they have
their own little quarantine zone with
doctors they're still trying to find a
cure yeah we've heard that before I aunt
tess and then whatever happened to me is
the key to finding a vaccine oh Jesus
hey did what she said good sin yet oh
I'm sure she did hey fuck you man I
didn't ask for this me neither Tess what
the hell are we doing here what if it's
true I can't what if Joel and we've come
this far let's just finish it I need to
remind you what is out there I get it
this way if we cut through downtown we
can hit the capitol building by Sunrise
this is the one of the bits i hight
right they jump over the car and I've
got to go left I think if I go through
here there's some supplements
yes is that it
uh
no you know what I used to play cook
some of the old cooler GC games but
there's so many now and I don't know oh
yeah there's never been one I've really
got into that much pink modern warfare
in that the air we're heading in here
dude did it they don't have counter
strike a light thing on the PlayStation
because I've always wanted to play the
classic game yes you hear that yeah the
Division I liked a Platinum's the
original game and I rented it so I
didn't have any more after this play for
a hold of platinums and the last bus
which is a readable game over here to
platinum so this part of the game is
like my least favorite because it just
gives me severe anxiety is so creepy as
hell if any of you've not played this
game before okay yeah now that makes
sense I remember playing like
counter-strike at internet cafes by
having server days right here we go
Oh
this is such a horrible part of the game
in ripped apart bodies pretty fresh uh
yeah might be let's not stick around
Oh some pots yeah
no am I so be honest though at this part
of the game you don't really need to be
using bullets okay we got a clicker
blocking demon clicker clickers are the
some of the creepiest what's wrong with
it creatures 30 years of infection yeah
sort of see you sound like that like q1
clicking you got it yeah if you hear
clickers they're horrible right there's
a bookshelf for my right hope I didn't
sound very good it really feels like
it's about to fall or supplements there
watch your head
ready
so say 10 Oh got some supplies there
some type good old-fashioned tape I just
played the prequel the left behind dlc
absolutely beautiful game with all right
click is a horrible you're right
slapping search for supplies
10th
you said it here at yourself up so look
it
I think there's a shiv
the shift door it air is so you got to
use SHIVs up to open these here we go
yeah here we go 10 okay on Survivor mode
everything so rare that i might actually
have to play the game a third time to
app to get everything get bottle fela
brick
ok
sounds in here horrifying
anything night rubbish rubbish rubbish
up there look just see if there's a way
food
once a glad I've got this working on
YouTube oh good you're up also there'll
be a new video from me tomorrow
everybody it's called the quest for
global empathy and it's just an
exploration of soft my philosophy on the
world as it currently is and like what
drives me with a lot of my activism
clickers are horrible
and what's scary about them is they're
completely quiet that's why they're
blind so you can't make much noise well
they freak out like that
I actually got shit I've only got one
run that's not how you're supposed to do
it
what did she get it hi ladies cutscenes
a grim so effectively all right
I'm just having a look here actually
over through here come on where's Ellie
cool go come on I think that's it hell
are you okay shitting my pants
there you go ladies all right come on
all right
stairwells blocked yeah this is crazy
don't look down he's serious yeah this
is not good
especially considering this would be
like 20 years old but then if I'd want
to trust this
okay we got away
now this this bit we're coming up to is
my lease fight one of my least favorite
parts of the game because it's really
difficult hate these sounds
fuck here we go
if I remember this right god this can be
nerve-wracking out because I can't
remember how today's you gotta sort of
move around in a certain way I believe
now if I go down here they'll be a guy
that moves across and goes into that
room on the left oh no it he's already
been in there
maybe I can uh that's it I'm fuck
shit it's knock it okay run get there
how am I surviving this I don't know how
I survived that clicker quick die shit
after all that after all that hard work
I don't know how I survived all that
normally I think it's just I've learned
a lot to do with the using bottles right
I'll be a much quicker this time if
you're watching the livestream say how
you by the way always good to hear from
you you should be able to chat on the
right side
no he's in there right so wait for him
to come out
that's right lessons right ship run
right gonna do this again this is not
how you do it click a run I hate this so
much
no that's it I'm dead maybe not how have
I survive this
I mean I'm surviving but I've really not
got a lot of health and stuff or I've
got to move they have a nice to get out
I shot it so many times with that
revolver right and again I need to work
out what I was doing wrong because here
we go
and lurking is allowed it's just that it
if people talking I'm having several
conversations in the chat it's good to
see this guy is going to come out from
the left so I'm wondering if I just need
to wait longer this time and see where
he goes but there is
let's see what he does here
he looks like
the sound effects scare the hell out of
me oh my god please don't come out this
way please like I don't like this cuz
you don't know when they spotted you
here we go please zombie zombie geyser
by the way st. you may notice if you
never see me live stream before I swear
quite a lot I never swearing videos in
my band's music I don't swear I I don't
think it's necessary to swear but I tend
to a lot in my free time there must be
like a quiter it's like my way of
getting over it all right so look here i
think i am doing it the right way now so
the last one is this here no no no no
run run run run run shit shit shit oh my
god
down
oh my god let's just get out of here my
heart is racing after that
just don't pay it in
right let's the reason I got my laptop
here is because I'm going through this
the second time I want to make sure I
get all the supplements so I don't have
to play it a third time uh what's
happening you wanna go through I can
test go good that was weird yeah hold on
hurry up hurry up yeah all right okay go
go
c/o doing all right
some look here got enough for another
Shiv there's an infinite Shiv glitch you
can do which I can show you later
down we go and down now let's get to it
get through here watch your back
I'm not needing to get supply store room
yet
after we get back a shelter oh yeah man
you want to take it easy type lifestyle
gaming and you how takes me off
unbelievable when I see
right so look here
ah this is instead of going down head up
the left side then shimmy ah I can
shimmy across over here this is where i
can get some supplements yeah 50 why
bother so guys I'm gonna be on here for
an hour so it's what 20 more minutes
more but as I said I wanted to just test
this the soundscapes excuse me the
soundscapes in this game are so eerie
tears down here
right supplements on the fine boxes
another five
look at his sleeve Firefly these guys
aren't doing wallet around the city
that'll come in handy does anyone
watching a play pokemon go and if so you
looking forward to Monday it's gonna be
amazing oh my this part is crazy this
bit is proper cray here we go now anyone
who plays this game if you want a good
technique because it's really hard to go
the right speed that the so you're slow
enough that the clickers don't hear you
so the strategy i use which works really
well is
I think you yeah you get brick and your
aim it and if you aim it like this you
can get around
but these ones can see don't forget so
you got to go really slow it's so
unpredictable though it's freaky move oh
this is so tense I don't like how the AI
just runs around so hopefully there'll
be some be as long as you're aiming you
won't be going too fast
nothing useful all right let's let's get
out of here
hi to everyone is just tuned in I'm just
testing a live streaming on youtube
because I normally do it on switch but
YouTube would be better but when I first
vote run but when they first allowed you
to do it it was only if you had a gaming
account this is so tense these click is
a horrible horrible horrible oh and the
lights going out got to show you
controller when that happens okay right
we want to go over here Co dark liquor
there I'll let us click a go past I
assume I'll be able to jump over without
alerting him
nice game over
now there was no way see yeah jumping
yeah jumping over of course wake Sam and
now I'm back here again but this time
I'll be able to go a quicker way around
I think
I just always had the ability they have
which is to run around like a muppet
they in turn around don't turn around
okay right we're gonna sneak this way
we'll wait how there's a
this is pretty tense but the tensions
killed when you see these just running
around like they just don't care I'm
assuming there's nothing in there okay
this so for this now I assume what I
need to do is throw something across
there to alert and now he'll run away or
not
I know I don't nice has I've got to take
care of it so now I'm having to do it
slowly myself now right we've got a
bottle there right what I do is on
that's right a bit closer I guess here
we go here we go go run ah I'm not
liking this right
coming out fri even closer there run the
only other way i think about it is I
could go round it and try and ship it
from behind but I don't think it's going
to work night did it worked
unfortunately it means it uses a ship
how does that not alert them me first me
first me first no alright you first I
thought I earned it to go first to be
honest but all right now it's just
trying to piss him off down there
that's another part of the game I never
really liked but it's actually quite
easy now we're screwed everyone okay yes
let's move you guys are pretty good at
that stuff it's called me luck and it is
gonna run out hey Eve how you doing glad
you're liking this I do play other games
as well I mean maybe for the last 10
minutes after this segment oh I'll
switch games for you and show you a bit
more of a fun one for the last 10
minutes that I love to do that's where
we go on tears oh oh capitol buildings
in this direction yeah I think this is
where I need to sneak into this this
one's tricky yeah this but this is
another creepy bit I just don't like the
way these ones that can see like brief
heavy
okay sneak out round here got a deal
that window right here we go don't like
this please don't see me this is so
tense last one don't knock it
looker sasu all right any supply
recently infected tonight Oh soldiers
must have just her here we go here we go
swoon up
st wilson air tonight just a letter nice
supplies and please no easy I ok double
time they're coming I know wait wait
wait wait wait
you got some on your shoe I'll cut
through this building huh cool so this
is a good place to end it but before I
do is place I'm just gonna go in the
truck hey I got some supplies they're
all supplements and then there's a
workbench here well I can use to upgrade
some weapons I was in this military
bodies I need to upgrade all of these at
some points how many parts have I got 42
that place is completely off limits how
the hell did you get in there I had my
ways anyways one of those what you guys
call Mars cloud thing that was that and
then if I look yeah when you were bitten
no I went to her for help afterwards
supplements she almost dead options I
can be some uh maybe I'll get second
yeah I'll do that and do I want to do
that knife no not yet cool so I am going
to save the game there one second it may
pulls the screen as I do it yeah here we
go
great ok guys so before I head off I'll
show you another game that's a bit more
lighthearted to end on all right
