I'm trying to think of where to start
because the main thing with this clip
that I want you to take away and know is
that I know what you've been up to and I
know who you are and it's not that what
you've done is actually had a negative
impact on my life i guess i have faith
in people that you know people do have
good intentions or when they do go
astray that they have the ability to
change things for the better and i just
want to give you a reality check and an
opportunity to respond you know
privately I'm not saying here you are
but you watch my videos you know people
that I know and you like to write on
forums you like to chat behind my back
about how you know people mock me behind
my back and how I don't deserve to be
where I'd be and how I'm a waste of
space and how next time you'll see me
gonna beat the hell out of me and I just
find that remarkably I don't know like
how do i categorize that what would be
your motivation to do that because to be
honest and this doesn't take any ego for
me to say this but it would suggest that
it's insecurity on your part you've
obviously got issues you've obviously
either got nothing better to do you've
got a chip on your shoulder or well
similar to the thing I've just said or
you're just jealous and they're really
need isn't any need for any of it I mean
a lot of what you've criticized me for
is for my successes and I find it
interesting because to be completely
honest I'm completely grateful for what
I've achieved I've put a lot of
hard-working but at the end of the day
all I want people to take away from this
is how everyone has the opportunity to
do what I do because I'm just using the
internet and even you have the ability
to do
but instead you are want some mock you
want to criticize in forums and that
hidden away as if you know that's giving
you empowerment as if you know that
gives you Authority and a lot of people
may be asking why I'm wasting my breath
on you and I guess it just goes back to
where I was at the beginning I just want
you to know that I know who you are I
know what you've been up to so I'm going
to give you the opportunity if you want
to be a decent individual if you want to
UM act your age because you are older
than me and I know age physically
shouldn't mean anything it's all about
maturity but even in that sense what you
do is extremely immature not saying that
I'm the most mature of people all times
but when I am immature it isn't that the
expense of others and it's not about
putting other people down and therefore
if we ever do me because I know who you
are um I'd be more than happy to chat
with you but if you want to bring out
violence like you keep preaching with
the people that keep egging you on on
these forums about how you should kick
my ass than that then so be it but I
think that's a much bigger testament to
what sort of person you are then what
sort of person I am because you
obviously have nothing better to do with
your life and I'm giving you the
opportunity to sort of reflect on that
and you know just stick with your band
keep promoting it easy in snakes it's a
great medium to do it on and actually
maybe not judge me on videos which are
actually only ideas and concepts but
maybe realize that I could be an all
right guy and if you know your reasons
for preaching hate go under anything
other than being jealous having
insecurities or having a chip on your
shoulder then I'd be interested to hear
thoughts and to think right now i could
probably contact you if i really wanted
to but i chose to do it like this
because i know you like to watch my
videos waiting for the next opportunity
to criticize me so criticize this go for
it
addy ice
