hi guys I want you to choose a hand
right you got it cool now for this video
I have made a short film with my friends
and what I want you to do is defend one
of two opinions now if you chose this
hand for this video you're going to
discuss how it is the worst video you
have ever seen on YouTube you're going
to give it one star you're going to just
criticize it as much as you can put all
the height of comments you want even be
constructive but be very very negative
it's the biggest piece you've ever seen
in your life if you change this hand
then to you it is the best video you've
seen on YouTube you need to give it five
stars potentially favorite it and you
know critically acclaimed how it is the
biggest masterpiece you have ever seen
and with that ladies and gentlemen I
look forward to seeing your comments
enjoy
so don't think i sat down bling
me if you got any idea what time it is
yeah yes I remote I am was just way now
have quite a long time and ended up that
I was passing your car and I happen to
see that the front right tire is in fact
cancerous and also if you don't very
black hydrogen well there is going to be
hell to pay these must do it I'm good
future and also i'm selling deluxe
details would you like one what yes
sorry actually
my god it's so cryptic and it's on a
towel Vegas Oh Lux details of course you
can't blame yourself for what happened
at the table for our factory it was
always going to fold you've been lacking
inspiration lately but I've got some new
material for you as my grandfather's
sisters nieces sons adoptee who came to
be a carpenter that was in fact a
fabrication he actually made carpets
gave the best advice ever you can always
trust a man who's touching cloth cloth
cloth cloth
guitar face man it's you yes it was only
a matter of time Pierre file
