now if you're someone like me you have a
lot of objectives in life lots of things
you'd like to do whether it's now or
years in the future but sometimes
there's something that stops you and
many of you would call it tonight in
progress as normal people would call it
procrastination you can have lots of
things to help you with that you can
have a diary well I get my diary right
out for you now and tell you how useless
it is and how I don't fill out the pages
but I can and you know why that is
because I don't own one or a calendar
but does it help me plan it look
completely blank and look April and and
we're in May I haven't even checked
change to yeah so do i use it to plan my
mumps and decide what I'm gonna do now
hey because I get it every year for
Christmas and B because it's got nice
hot girls on it but it's just not
practical however now I've come up with
a solution and it's simple you post a
montage of 30 things you wish to achieve
between now and a year from now and in
the corner use a red annotation as a
title for each achievement and when you
complete it you turn it green and in the
description box explain how you
completed it so when you get it done it
should look something like this hi my
name is Miles dire and by a year today
on May twenty-third 2010 I hope to have
completed the following 30 tasks
I
you
you
oh nice I guess it fly
yeah yeah not now I'll get right on to
period completely I mean they may call
me schizophrenic but as long as I get
the job done surely that is all that
matters but the other day does anyone
know a soldier boy you know over the old
crank that soulja boy it was quite a big
hit on youtube in that um well I
actually bumped into him the other day
he was over here in London town as i
call it and i actually managed to have a
quick word with him and I was always
interest about his social life about you
know what was going on and I asked him
you know who his best friend was and
indeed unit do you know who his best
friend wish I was quite surprised to
hear this but he told me um it's you
yeah did you like that one
