if your son out there he's lost hope
purpose and worth in this fast world if
you're someone who's currently on the
edge because options no longer seem to
be in your hands anymore if you're
someone who's alone right now this video
is for you however if the description I
just gave there doesn't apply to you
please do watch this video and hopefully
you may be able to contribute something
of constructive worth throughout and at
the end as a general summary or even
pass this video on to someone who you
know is feeling like this and hopefully
it will give them something to think
about in the past three years I've been
on this website I've had many many
emails of people asking me for advice on
various various things and throws you
out there who are watching this and are
going for a tough time I just want you
to know that I know how it feels now
doesn't mean I completely understand
your situation because every situation
is completely independent and separate
but I have recently been on the edge
does that mean I'm only making a video
of this because of what I've been
through well yes and no no in the sense
that I always try and make videos that
sort of get people to come together and
open up because I believe that we live
in a society now that's so socially open
we should be supportive of our fellow
man and not put the labels of email on
people who wish to express themselves
and actually give support to those that
need the support they deserve but yes
also in the other sense that I have been
through some tough things lately and
consequently it's been a somewhat of a
revelation that the being on the edge
aspect has been so real and therefore is
a much more real experience for me to
talk about but by no means am I here to
patronize any of you even if I do sound
patronizing in any of my videos it's
never my intention I just try and be
clear and hopefully um even if it gets
through to just one person and improves
them then it's worth it so let's first
of all put things into perspective okay
say you're feeling low I don't know how
are you feeling I don't know what's
happened
but what I can tell you is that there is
someone out there in the world who is a
lot worse off than you and why do you
think I'm telling you that is it's a
guilt trip you does it mean that your
pain is insignificant well night pain is
pain pain is subjective and therefore if
you're feeling pain it's important that
you deal with it because who knows who
you could be helping with your
experiences once you've got free what
you have managed to but let's not get
too negative on the other end of the
spectrum are people who are better than
you so why bother mentioning the obvious
because it should be an indication that
you are in the middle of two ends you
can either get worse or you can get
better and I'm sure we can all agree
that you would rather be better
so before I for any more thoughts your
way I guess I better introduce my story
and it happened just before Christmas
I'm not going into details but I'm sure
it's saying everyone can relate see I
searched the universe person who
understands me and someone who I thought
could be involved in companionship to an
extent where I would no longer feel
alone and I could just share a life with
I guess share all my passions and my
enthusiasms in life and have someone
there that I could care for but
unfortunately didn't go it's a plan and
consequently I was torn apart now I'm
not going into all the technicalities
and what was going on and I don't wish
for you to discuss that over because
that's something that's not to be
discussed but the issue there shall be
discussed is what happens to me as a
result I went into counseling if you
ever get a chance to get therapy take it
we live in a society these days where
physical health is a lot better and
consequently mental health is the new
challenge you know psychology and I
think a lot of people tend to feel
intimidated or you know by counseling
because they don't want to be labeled as
a loony or an outcast because they're
doing it and it's completely not the
case a lot more people do it then one
may expect and it's very very helpful
but when you get counseling it's
important that it's done in a
constructive sense and that's where you
therapist isn't telling you what to do
but merely discussing things with you
and allowing you to come up with your
own conclusions
I was struggling with who I was as a
person I had these concepts of what life
was for me what I wanted out of life
and what I thought a relationship was
supposed to be and how all these ideas
had been shaken up completely the fact
that I'd gone through so much pain and
nothing had come out of it positive I
felt like I was a waste of space I felt
like I was a wasted sacrifice so I went
through my counseling and I completed it
there was a lot of things that went on
which I'm not gonna explain but there
was a few dilemmas that I was still
dealing with and at the end of the day
you've got to deal with it by yourself
and after about three months of not
holding it in but just being able to
forgive and stay calm and try and deal
with it as good as I could I cracked and
this part the video I'm gonna show you
some footage and if I trade this video
in the past when I was going through the
pain it would just worry people more and
that would have been unconstructive so
now I'm actually out of it and you know
that I'm better this can be seen as a
symbol of what I have come out of
because I just self-destructed one day I
was kicking my car in I was just arguing
with my family
I'd already annoyed friends I just
pushed everyone aside I felt like a
burden to everyone was a burden to my
friends and my family I was a burden to
life I was gonna self-destruct
consequently I locked myself in that
bathroom and in a rage I just trashed
the place
and this footage I'm gonna show you now
is just proof for that but I think it's
more importantly gonna show you how
maybe some of you would look at me and
say I'm a confident person
I'm usually happy and it would shock you
to see what I had become and some of you
may be saying that's attention-seeking
well if it was I would have uploaded it
straightaway when I was in this
situation but I didn't I held onto it as
a reminder and why I needed to sort
myself out but if you don't like blood
look away now
I came out of my rage basically I looked
at my hands and they were covered in
blood it was from breaking glass that
I'd smash in the room and I wasn't proud
of what I'd done the month around that
was the hardest of my life and there was
a point where I had been cutting myself
and I'm not proud of that either
and it's something that I'd always
preached to people not to do and I'd
done it and I guess what I'm trying to
say is there are always times that are
gonna fry us on edge and it doesn't
matter how strong you are there's always
gonna be things that please the edge of
life and therefore you shouldn't be
scared or feel alone if you ever go
through stuff like this and there's
always people out there that understand
and it should never be seen as
patronizing because we all need help in
life if I've been through that then how
many other people have been through that
I mean saying I said in my film script
once is the fact that
let's take school for instance you could
be in the main common room or the get to
have a place where if you call it but
you look around for me people were
playing pull everyone's you know happy
in there but you don't know who in the
room the night before was a maybe crying
to their friends on the phone wanting to
take their life you don't know who was
doing that you don't know the true
stories behind anyone because in society
we have pride and we don't like to put
on the truth because we're afraid that
people will take advantage and that is a
true fact unfortunately it does happen
but what you do need to realize is there
are so many people out there who are
willing to help and I am one of them
and I just want to say that you know for
me I alone can not save the world but
together the world can save it I hope
that made sense individually you know we
can't cure it all but if we all chip in
even if we spend five minutes of our
time for a friend
he needs that chat it can make a lot of
difference I've lost her friends she
came into my live show once and it was
about a year ago she was losing her
house she'd lost her partner and she'd
lost her job
and I spent about two hours chat with
her and the next day she said things had
improved it was good that I didn't hear
from her for a while
and in a few weeks later I found out
that she'd taken her life and it was
saddening it was sickening and there was
guilt on my part and although I know I'm
not responsible it's a thought that's
left behind
and I just want to finish on the word
about suicide because as much as it's a
sensitive issue I know you that I've
been at points where I've felt the need
just to let go there's no other options
and if there's anyone out there who's
ever feeling that there's a quote of
mine I use on a journal and this is
saying that I think is true and saying
I've always said and it's if you ever
take your life the only thing that you
will leave behind is the question in the
minds of everyone else which is what
else could I have done and whether you
want that tonight because I've had
people before tell me you know miles
forgive me
and it's it can't be done like that and
there was a quiet I read online which
was if you ever commit suicide you
always kill yourself too late there's
always options there's always people out
there for you you're never alone and
once again I'm not saying I can help
everyone out there but hopefully if you
read the comments there's other people
out there who are given support and if
you ever do open up to people and they
do you know throw hate your way just
realize that idiots and they're just
people that are very sick minded and
also by choosing not to take your life
you're extending your life obviously but
by that I mean you're extending the
opportunities you have to help other
people because I'm out of it and I at
the time I could never see myself coming
out of it I was crying so much and I
just wanted to end it because I just
felt so worthless like I I didn't have
anyone I I locked myself away for about
a month ago my front door didn't speak
to my family I didn't speak to friends
painted and I write and it helped and
sometimes the lane time does work and
you actually learn who your true friends
are when you go through stuff like this
and I could talk about this forever but
hopefully we can continue this chat and
discussion so whenever your mind is in
darkness and it's in that very very
painful zone please just remember that
you are not alone and do remember that
because there are always people out
there who will care for you we have a
stranger friend or family that it is -
next time
