regardless of social and cultural
context it be safe to say that music
plays a very important role in our lives
it's a great form of expression and even
at times can convey even the most
abstract of thoughts and for that I
believe music is indeed special
music is such a great form of expressing
emotion and consequently it connects
people in the masses through shared
experience now years ago before the
internet had the social impact it had
today people would tend to hang out in
groups of people similar interests and
when it comes to music would share music
similar to what their friends were
listening to and therefore being able to
listen to diversity and being open to
new forms and genres you know that sort
of experience was very limited in
today's society however we're able to
access information and connect with
people around the world in ways that we
just couldn't do before we now have the
ability to share our experiences and
passions further afield and thus it's
helped our music tapes become so much
more diverse and open to new discoveries
I'm sure there are times in life when we
feel a particular emotion or we need
help with dealing with a particular one
and we turn to music as the solution
well keeping that in mind I came up with
a project called what is the soundtrack
to your soul now it's very simple and
it'd be great if you'd like to take part
in this because I think it would create
very interesting results and perhaps you
could benefit other people in the future
so let me explain how it works now all
you need to do is post a text comment
the first part of it needs to be a
sentence which goes I feel and then you
put how you're feeling a word that
describes your current emotion and then
because and then after that hook in why
you feel that way what recent situations
caused you to feel the emotion you are
feeling now this sentence is the
introduction it puts your current state
of mind in perspective for other people
reading the comment so for example i
could put I feel excited because tonight
I'm meeting up with many friends or
haven't seen for such a long time or you
could say I'm feeling apprehensive
because I'm moving away from home and
I'm not sure if I'm going to be good at
making new friends now the next part of
the comment is the soundtrack to your
soul what you need to do is list five
tracks 125 starting with the artist and
a song which reinforces how you're
feeling right now and that's it that is
the soundtrack to your soul
well for reasons I've already expressed
in the video I believe music is a great
way to connect people in situations when
you have some songs that really Express
how you're feeling right now it's
because someone out there feels the same
way so now if you look down the comment
section and see what other people have
posted you may find someone who has
similar feelings to you or have been in
a similar situation if you look at their
soundtrack Weber is to do with the music
or is to do with the lyrics or perhaps
both you may find a connection which is
a comfort to know that perhaps we are
not all alone in the world and we all do
have so much in common
you
