hey everyone hope all is well a wise man
once said back in August 2015 the
Internet is dominated with question
marks right now following the 2016 u.s.
election and so I'd like to just give
some of my thoughts on what has happened
and where we go from here now I have
quite a few things to say so please bear
with me anyone who saw my five reasons
Trump could win video will know that
this election result didn't surprise me
but that doesn't detract from what a
complete and utter disaster
I think it was what pained me most
though was knowing that this could have
been prevented the writing was on the
wall long ago but the Democratic
establishment ignored it and now the
American people are going to pay the
price Vermont senator Bernie Sanders ran
one of the most successful insurgent
campaigns in American history and they
did everything they could to stop him
his populist and his establishment
message of unity was the antidote to
trumpism but the Democratic Party had
already chosen their candidate Hillary
Clinton and so their objective was to
make sure the voters aligned with this
let me just give you three quick
examples
number one the head of the DNC was not
neutral a key part of helping President
Obama get reelected in 2012 and the work
we did to prepare for Hillary Clinton to
be our nominee and then make sure that
we could get her elected president is is
absolutely critical to advancing the
issues number two many
superdelegates came out in support for
Clinton at the start of the primaries
even in states where Sanders ended up
winning the popular vote unpledged
delegates exists really to make sure
that party leaders and elected officials
don't have to be in a position where
they are running against grassroots
activists I'm number three there was
collusion with the corporate media which
included Donna Brazile leaking questions
to the Clinton campaign ahead of debates
to have us partner with that person and
then they do something completely
unethical and share it with Donna
Brazile who then shares it with the
Clinton campaign it's horrifying and
very very upsetting Bernie Sanders ran a
campaign that exposed a political system
corrupted by special interests and how
it therefore does not represent vast
segments of the American population and
unfortunately the Democratic Party's
actions throughout the election proved
this point his campaign raised over two
hundred million dollars from individual
donations without relying on super PACs
whilst Hillary Clinton had to hold
fundraisers with wealthy campaign
contributors to remain competitive the
reason I mention all this is not to
gloat but because those who do not know
history are doomed to repeat it and I'm
telling you now the corporate media that
was out of touch this man has got some
momentum and we better be ready for the
fact that he may be leading the
Republican ticket
I'm the Democratic Party that was out of
touch I am NOT here to be critical of my
colleague Bernie Sanders expect you
already worried you said he was
socialist and not electable well I I do
believe that so what are three examples
of things that have proved your point
well I think he would like to see
Medicare for all in this country they
aren't going to change because many of
them don't even realize they are a part
of this establishment bubble for Bernie
to say that Jerry Brown is establishment
yeah it's kind of the biggest joke of
the day and he called me establishment
and you know and when people read the
book they'll say I have fought you know
a lot of the establishment my entire
life just because you're supporting
Hillary
doesn't mean you're quote the
establishment it means you're
progressive and you want to see her
she's so qualified for this post and
she's just what we need I read a
comments on that video that puts it so
well telling someone from the
establishment that they are from the
establishment is like telling a fish
that it's in water what water I don't
see any water
do you like my fish impression no no the
DNC will say Hillary Clinton lost due to
the FBI
WikiLeaks Bernie or bust and third
parties but what caused the FBI
investigations what about the WikiLeaks
emails were so damaging what caused
Bernie Sanders supporters to feel
cheated and why were voters inspired to
go elsewhere these are the questions
they don't seem to want to answer when
you compare the past three US elections
it wasn't so much that Donald Trump won
but more that Hillary Clinton lost we
all know leading up to the election both
Clinton and Trump showed some of the
lowest likability ratings in American
history it seemed as though that Donald
Trump was the only candidate that
Hillary Clinton had a real chance of
beating but paradoxically Hillary
Clinton was the only candidate that
Donald Trump had a real chance of
beating too the sad truth is if the
Democratic establishment had a time
machine right now they would use it to
go back and have another attempt to try
to get Hillary Clinton elected they
never wanted Bernie Sanders to win
because his progressive message flies in
the face of how they operate and still
so many people are wondering how we got
into this situation during the general
election a culture of fear dominated the
discourse on both sides and what was
especially noticeable was how people
don't like to criticize the candidate
that they support in the case of Hillary
Clinton what that created was an
environment of intellectual dishonesty
which is dangerous people became afraid
to address legitimate criticisms about
her out of fear that it would help
Donald Trump get elected when actually
the opposite was true and this has been
a big problem amongst liberals over the
years I personally found myself looked
down upon by those I regard as allies
when calling out the Obama
administration when I believe they've
got things wrong for example when they
allow the NSA
mass surveillance apparatus to thrive
despite Edward Snowden's warning but
don't worry is Obama we trust him well I
hope you trust Trump just as much how
about the assassination program that
gives the president legal authority to
execute US citizens abroad without due
process
oh but i'm sure obama won't misuse it
well Trump will have that authority now
or how about leaving Guantanamo Bay open
i'll collective silence on such issues
just because we may like the person in
charge is a mindset we have to get out
of because it creates turnkey fascism
and we may be about to find out what
that really is privilege is when you
think something is not a problem because
it's not a problem to you personally and
so in order to build common ground
across a divided country even with those
we may fundamentally disagree with
intellectual honesty and moral
consistency must be practiced at all
times
in fact privilege creates blind spots
that in many ways has led to this
election result and we will continue to
see disastrous consequences if we don't
keep ourselves in check so what can we
do now firstly understand what
privileges you have and then become an
ally to those whose safety is most
threatened during these divisive times
trance presidency has already led to a
rise in bigotry that has manifested
itself in various forms and so it's
essential that society becomes an immune
system to combat it by that I mean if
you see someone getting physically
attacked or verbally abused you step in
it may not be easy at first but as more
people start to do it courage becomes
contagious and you help create a new
reality in which love and respect
defeats hate and intolerance on our
streets and just to be clear acts of
hate have come from multiple sides but
if love truly Trump's hate then let's
demonstrate that in all cases whether
it's happening because of Trump
supporters or happening to them if you
see a hate crime take place call it out
furthermore all people need to
understand those who voted Trump and why
some of them are angry and on the other
side all people need to understand those
who didn't and why some of the
feel scared you rarely inspire positive
action by venting anger or shaming those
you disagree with and remember finding
common ground doesn't mean giving up
your values Bernie Sanders knew this
best and we have got a stand with those
people who are being attacked today but
at the same time it's not good enough
to say that racism and xenophobia is bad
we've got to reach those people today
who are so angry or so hateful and say
yes you have a right to be angry don't
take it out on the Muslims work with us
to create an agenda and a political
movement that will make your life better
not just other people's life force it's
okay to feel disheartened pain concern
or fear I'm not here to tell you how you
should or should not be feeling but
merely to point out that when it comes
to the assertion of inner energy we can
all use that to become more politically
engaged sooner or later we must dust
ourselves down reflect learn organize
take a deep breath and then start the
fight back the fight ahead requires a
diversity of tactics so don't tear down
those who use a strategy different to
your preferred one whether it's within
the system or outside of it within
communities or in the streets using your
art or your voice or taking direct
action or donating to organizations I
have my own opinions about important
next steps but yes I am middle-class
male white
living outside of the US I speak from a
position of privilege I totally get that
and I will never truly understand what
it must be like to be somebody living in
fear because of this but with that said
I do think it's important that I do
whatever I can to help support and
elevate others the reason I campaigned
so hard for Bernie Sanders the past two
years from here in London England it's
because the direction America takes
always has a significant impact on the
direction of other countries thankfully
I'm able to create videos like this
because of you guys who choose to fund
me with small donations by a patreon it
allows me to stay clear of sponsorship
and corporate money which is so
essential in today's climate so in my
view the next two years are especially
important we need a government
the people for the people by the people
and that also means funded by the people
the majority of the American people want
money out of politics so what I have
neither party done it yet because the
very nature of the establishment is to
maintain the establish order and money
has been their primary source of
nutrition midterm elections usually get
very little attention which leads to a
low voter turnout and that's causes the
president's party to lose seats in
Congress Branly Congress is an amazing
strategy to ensure this upcoming midterm
election becomes a huge game changer it
is a four hundred headed unified
campaign to help elect people to
Congress who are funded by the people
and not special interests I urge you to
check it out
some of the biggest and most important
movements of this century have been
built upon progressive values and so
it's imperative that we give them a
leading voice in mainstream politics we
need candidates that are gonna fight for
these things and not just when it's
politically expedient whether that be
Occupy Wall Street with income and
wealth inequality that the gentleman who
is head of Goldman Sachs though he
didn't get me $225,000 for speaking fees
he said I was dangerous and he is right
I am dangerous taking a strong stand
against the war in Iraq demand that the
president work with the United Nations
and with the international community to
get weapons inspectors into Iraq that's
what the people of Vermont have told me
and Paul after Paul shows that that is
what the people of the United States
want black lives matter black lives
matter and the reason the reason those
words matter is the African American
community knows that on any given day
some innocent person like Sandra bland
can get into a car and then three days
later she's gonna end up dead in jail
where their kids are going to get shot
we need to combat institutional racism
from top to bottom and we need major
major reforms in a broken criminal
justice system stopping the decay to
access pipeline today we united in
saying stop the pipeline respect Native
American rights and let us move forward
to transform our energy system away from
fossil fuel all fighting for the rights
of all people and equality that's not
about you use the word homos in the
military you have insulted thousands of
men and women will put their lives are
the Democratic Party wishes to survive
then it must acknowledge that its future
lies with millennial voters who
overwhelmingly supported the progressive
candidate in its primaries I mean just
look at that Bernie Sanders earned more
votes from Millennials than Clinton and
Trump combined if that doesn't send a
clear message I don't know what will
we've already talked about the dangers
of a political establishment hell-bent
on pushing forward a candidate that
doesn't really represent the values of
its people the Democratic Party's
attempt to suppress the political
revolution that Bernie Sanders started
may have been successful in the
primaries but it soon came back to haunt
them in the general election and because
of that we are now stronger than ever
but this is not about names labels or
party loyalties though this is about
issues so if you agree that health care
should be a right to all people that
workers deserve to earn a living wage
that we need to transition our energy
systems to renewable energy and that we
need to put an end to these
interventionist Wars then we need to
find ways that we can work together to
achieve these things with this election
result yes the political landscape has
changed with significant consequences
but your friends family allies those you
look up to whether they be activists
journalists politicians or celebrities
we are all still here with the same
hearts and with the same minds so
organize stay connected and mobile
the moment is now for us to make a real
difference and don't run away from these
problems because by doing that you leave
a void behind for somebody else to fill
this is a wake-up call for all of us and
like it or not this is a global
challenge the fire is still burning and
we must not let this difficult period
extinguish it we need an international
Progressive Alliance because so many of
these issues that we care about
transcend borders so please know that I
am willing to do whatever I can to
support my American brothers and sisters
because if the progressive movement
fails there it won't stand a chance
anywhere else and so with that said if
you made it this far into the video
thank you so much for sticking around I
just had to get this off my chest if you
have any questions or thoughts please do
post them in the comments section of
this video let's continue the
conversation there click that like
button if you'd be so kind and if you
are part of any online groups and
communities please share this video far
and wide I'm pretty sure there are
people I know who have unfollowed me or
muted me because of my outspoken
criticisms of the Clinton campaign this
election cycle but if any of them are
watching this please know I want us to
work together so please get back in
touch and let's do this and if any of
you are new to my videos hello I post
every week so be sure to subscribe to my
youtube channel and like my Facebook
page to be kept up to date with future
uploads and finally a huge thank you to
my patron and good friend Leah Rose who
helped me with collating my thoughts
before making this video it was
definitely a difficult one to make right
I am off to New York tomorrow so I
should probably get going
thank you so much for watching everybody
I will see you next week
love you we'll keep fighting the good
fight and a Dios till next time
you
