the past couple of weeks I've really
tried hard to make a new video and it's
not gone very well I've had five videos
I've wanted to make I filmed many times
I've edits them many times and it
doesn't seem to work I think some people
tend to misunderstand with video
creators that they think that they still
force our ideas some people are able to
do that but for me it's just when st.
inspires me to do something and the past
couple weeks haven't gone goes I've
liked a lot of inspiration and I thought
I'd just give it a break for a while and
the same happened recently and it's
inspired me to do a video or something
so I'm doing it now and I'm frame the
question out there and I don't know I'm
just going to talk and see what happens
and hopefully it's something that's
provocative and it'd be nice to hear
your opinions How well do you know
yourself now we all like to think that
we do know ourselves very well but there
are times in which we put in particular
situations perhaps ones we haven't faced
before in which we experience feelings
emotions that we don't usually and
therefore we take action in ways that
we're not used to I'm doing and their
form a question in this video is have
you ever surprised yourself and our
first lot of people may think I was I'm
sure we surprised ourselves all the
times but when you think of what that
actually means that you've surprised
yourself you may then find it's quite a
surreal thing to think about now last
night I was facing a situation that I
never saw coming why didn't see is
likely anyway and it happens I'm not
going into the details but the point was
it devastated me it is tore me apart but
with the person it was with and with the
situation for some reason there was all
this anger inside me but I was able to
stay
calm and deal with it and forgive on the
spot if forgiveness is the right word
you know I think it's all subjective in
situations on in some cases of you know
if someone is in the right all wrong by
Saul forgave there and I just got on
with it and it's the next day and it's
slowly going back to normal but the
point is I surprised myself I look back
I wonder why I'm angry with myself I'm
wondering why I her so bad yeah are able
to sort of get on with it and you hear
on the news sometimes and this is
something which is completely unrelated
I'm not comparing it I guess it's a much
bigger scale here these people who maybe
have lost a relative because they got
murdered and then you find that they
forgive the murderer and a lot of people
sit back and go you know they're crazy
what the hell are thinking but you know
if you think of it for another
perspective is a truly great thing
forgiveness is a great thing a lot of
people tend to relate forgiveness in a
religious context I believe that to be
the case anyway but even so with a
situation where I have felt so much pain
and I have found it so difficult I
surprised myself I'm still looking by
now on well I'm still surprised at
myself now of how I'm hoping because I
know on a strong person but when you
strongly feel about something and that
is torn apart and something that you
were so sure about has disappeared out
of your hands it shocked me and I shot
myself as a result and I surprised
myself so my question to you here to
watch now there is have you ever done
something all been in the situation
where you've come out the other side
it's not necessarily with you being a
better person
but have you ever surprise yourself in
it could be a negative thing where you
may have lashed out and you think that's
on like you but the point is you may
know yourself so so very well but when
you're in a new situation in the unknown
something else may come out which
surprises you so I'm interested to hear
your thoughts
