is everyone having a good time w okay so
we're in a car and there's somewhat
intimate yes well now everyone else
while other attractive chicks on me
again which is lucky because I have
miles yeah I love you feel of you he's
so wet hey I like Toronto love you guys
nice shiny shy that's true you look a
bit I spacious I do this is my nuts have
plenty of room oh this video's crew
change this is weird this is sy smut
guys I love the way you drive around in
Canada are amazing we have to drive very
good though so Katie's us yeah is this
suspicious hey stop us do we go we will
work very little we're here from Mexico
maybe I'm gonna smack it lime juice over
the sleigh come out they let you out oh
there's one man coming out car door no
wasted space one guy in a big truck
we're helping the environment yeah
exactly never heard about going green
what do you think this is this is it
this is going great trucks three degrees
out Laura Brown yeah we need to present
this to Parliament you're welcome back
in the UK he's looking suspicious at
that car wait we have to look at this
one he knows he's going big vehicle one
person who want this one guy to see how
traffic we are hey you should help us
out of the car only a few of us is guys
going Michael Pratt so this beauty
that was a good effort this is a blight
days here with 95 376 so so okay I
should do love my shop another pinner is
like this with my hair up like this
again daddy where you have my word
wrestling where that's it that's an idea
there we go we should just stick out for
other party the whole night it's like
you try and look 19 we're here I did
great why graduate yeah 2008 everyone's
on their laptops yeah that's Christine
it's probably really dark I how it's all
the British people out there and here is
kev say hello to the british people here
my waterfall if you leave my water bowl
that's been the major terminologies been
learning is water bottle and there's
many plenty of that tonight was the
other one bag of we don't say chips we
say crisps christmas yeah crusade ships
yeah well no chips is fries okay like I
should shoot yeah there we go so I'm
I've been full of all sorts of surprises
went out here I've met lots of people
haven't seen for ages but a one special
fella that came and saw me was
does he talk for good as they can I show
you on camera now no aah SI with me is
connections known as now death by papa
def by puppet and I've known him for two
and a half men I've known him for two
and a half years on stickam but never
ever seen what he looks like and now I
have and you can't see what he looks
like you're going to see the clown and
that's on me
