hi guys so it's my last day in LA and
but before I went I decided to meet up
with Frederick levy hey there how's it
going excellent and he released a book
what date was this on a good question i
think was in June June that's good and
Alyssa it was recently and it's cold 15
minutes of fame becoming a star in the
YouTube revolution and I have the
privilege of being interviewed for this
book about a year ago and it was a fun
paycheck obviously the most important
most important one okay they ran their
and i'll show you this quite a lot here
a couple pages well give you so much
space and I now regret it give give an
introduction what's this all about well
the the book is actually three parts of
the book the first part of the book is
kind of a history and overview of
YouTube where came from how it grew the
second part is basically like a guide
for anybody who wants to use YouTube how
they can get started either you know by
just browsing videos by actually making
and uploading videos and then of course
the third part is how you can use
YouTube to launch your own career I
interviewed what I thought were some of
the 25 most interesting people on
YouTube and talk to them but yes you
being one of them talk to them about
about their stories and how they got
started and and how they were able to
find success by using the same making
videos right um since like we discussed
Olly was the fact that says 15 minutes
of fame isn't misleading that that's all
you get but the first 50 minutes is like
the pivotal point in which you then sort
of go out there into the real world
exactly I like to think of it as as you
know YouTube will give you your first 15
minutes you know from which to launch
you know further success not not your
only 15 minutes but I guess you know it
all depends what you do with the success
and and and how you can appoint it on to
the next level
school and the reason I am promoting
this I'm not getting paid I was given a
free copy but that was expected anybody
did buy you dinner tonight all you want
to be on this year um but he was gay
agreed to do the video before I did I
did um but the reason is i think that
Frederick is more in the industry that's
obviously in the real world and I think
that sighing I've come to terms with in
the past year is YouTube is a platform
that then takes you out there I mean
there are a lot of people who vlog on
youtube and that's it and then they
don't make anything of it but you really
do have to sort of use those what you've
learnt from it and take it out there if
you do want to make sight of your life
and I think because of that connection
it really interests me and with it being
a good read and a lot of people spoke to
who've got it already I said it's a good
I thought I just put it out there so the
link is in the description box which is
over there Wis point the right way
amazon yeah amazon it's in our major
bookstores both online and in retail
stores as well and you know hopefully
hopefully you'll like it also and it is
it the graphics are amazing i mean the
page numbers have been done like that
like the little things I just I really
like that really a one last question
something I've been asking this and it
was sort of a play on the Drake that was
made earlier is you know how did you
come across and why was I selected a lot
along side people like Stevie Ryan what
the buck tay zonday found it very
strange but well I mean I hope you know
what I told you over dinner tonight and
I'll repeat the story is you know I
spent about three months before i
actually started writing the book just
surfing the net looking at different
videos and different channels on youtube
trying to find who I thought were some
of the most interesting and most
engaging personalities on the net you
know some people I found you know were
just extremely talented musicians and
some were hilarious comedians and then
and then there was you I was it
you had no you have have you had doesn't
engage it you did you had an engaging
personality you were you're very
approachable you you were just an open
book people were were interested to hear
what you had to say you know you were
you were approachable and I think that's
you know part of your charm is that
people come across your videos and they
say wow this seems like a really nice
guy he's somebody that I could be
friends with and I think that's one of
your strongest selling points is is that
you know you are you know the I'm nice
guy that that's friendly that people
feel comfortable with and people you
know like watching and listening to what
you have to say because I think you you
make them feel comfortable and how does
that transfer from what you see the
movie days to me in person is it the
same it is very much the same well so
guys they're on sale yeah you're very
you're very you're very cool to hang out
with and I've enjoyed getting to know
the person and we gotta get a bike ish
we are gonna go to Vegas but basically
we're gonna take that clip and then when
we do Vegas footage in a year's time
yeah we're gonna do a replay of that so
sort of like the irony is it's a good
idea and in the video is it wasn't a
good idea don't they'll say Wyatt's yeah
you're so different when they're in
Vegas the yeah yeah I will say some sort
of catchphrase like you remember when we
thought it was such a good idea today ah
as we're all past though oh we're
married nothing that'll be what happens
in vegas ends up on youtube yeah and as
soon as this video's off it's already
been painted so I hands off there you go
wicked well thank you very much thank
you and I hope it's a success me too
awesome aye sir
