having been in LA for about two weeks
now there have been many events and
stories which have made me laugh whether
it's about the culture difference or
just general happenings which mean
pretty crazy but uh there was one that
happened this morning when I went to get
a drink from a fast food place oh I
named it in downtown LA so I went in and
I was with Giselle if I'm staying with
in Santa Monica and I just once hit a
large coke not difficult for it be good
so I just went up and I just said can I
have a large coke please and she looks
at me blank and there was a pause and
then she went lat and I was quite taken
back by that it was just like crazy so I
was like well can I just get a large
coke please what's and she replied it
again and I was like okay and I've
actually done there's so many occasions
where i turn to whoever i'm with in
America where is talking on the phone or
just anywhere and I said to Giselle
could you please translate for me and
she went yeah can we have a large coke
she doesn't talk like that but she's in
the generic American accent there and
she went but ah mighty wedding cake I
know it just annoyed me and it's just
funny the fact there was this sort of
like arrogant nature of like I wasn't
good enough to be served because I
wasn't speaking English properly when we
all know where the English language
originated from I'm not criticizing the
American language but when you just
think you're going somewhere and you
were speaking true English and then you
get that it was just surreal to me but
she didn't speak much English but I mean
fair play to work for taking the role of
something that would be seen in some
really bad teen movie hey so I was
talking about the women alien who served
us
what did she say what there we go maybe
I did exaggerate a little bit but I was
just doing it for comical valley but
still either way it was pretty crazy
