so fully do some style we can't you see
your eyes I'm a night vision that looks
so scary they look like nerd glasses I
see you very much o Shaykh he knows I've
ever dared yeah I was recording I
thought I looked like a bug what's the
impression heard turtle turtle get a
good week all right I have a good week
if you had a good week yes Pete amazing
yeah of Texas amazing I really over some
highlights well we went to Texas John I
explain what Texas's it's a ridiculous
musical yeah yes that's one way you
could say it pretty much reinforces the
stereotype of what it is to be a Texan
easily it's like this thing you can't
teach an old dog new tricks I just hope
they don't decide to get rid of the old
dog
and on the way back i came across the
trench though which I don't you love
don't you love spiders my Italian I
thought you were like graduated with
members who I am but it's that was
complete fair wow that's nasty that's
enough
they say real
but I'm sure
Wow well that's the other spot on the
seat and yeah it was pretty nasty it was
in the middle of the canyon um I don't
know it's sort of like all the land in
Texas flat but then this is canyon where
it all dips down wow I would love to go
down there but any manners rattle snakes
and spiders
Willie Maris yeah
yeah he must have loads of black widows
earlier and tonight I actually try to
eat some rattlesnake in this was it good
the big text exactly this any 72-ounce
steak in an hour yeah yeah there's
nobody eat all that oh yeah so what we
got with like the bread roll salad
shrimp
and I've jacket say I'm this guy was
trying to eat it he's from where is he
from Switzerland Switzerland so you see
scarf ye it how's he doing let's find
out let's zoom into the face
good so good you like that stuff and
failed epicly yeah so we let me let me
let him have a little gift no like I was
really really really really really
really really full good effort how much
was left how much was left how much is
in there oh my god knows i was gonna do
it today but no I'm glad I did it
whataburger water burger the show you I
can take I freaked out about that thank
you go there you know look at the size
of it my head so sorry okay look at the
size of it this is absolutely ridiculous
this cost two pounds it's cost to power
America what is going on this is
strawberry milkshake but look at it
sorry that's bad blow my mind because it
was funny cuz you were here living your
new life and his me just freaking over
everything like look at the size of this
I got this for two dollars one pound
because I size of it the chicken fried
steak is massive by in England everybody
stingy with desserts that and how much
how much was it seven dollars natural
acres and talking a size of stuff and
today we went to yesterday even went to
the church the new church has been built
oh yeah and it's huge I mean I'll you
got some food of it but the building
just makes you feel so small that is the
size of the screen they're gonna be
using
and this is the stager and for what
years is this just for fifth graders and
the rig is incredible
it's just absolutely insane I mean this
whole building is incredible
I feel like I'm in that old computer
game golden axe when the wolves are
massive screens are gonna be on them and
the middle there's going to be a
rotating stage 6,500 Wow and what's cool
is like there won't really be like a
podium up here but you see these little
boxes is this like this driver yeah yeah
these are all over the stage that
monitors will be in there and whoever's
preaching i pastor Jimmy he'll have a
clicker in his pocket yeah and his notes
will be on that and he'll just click and
I'll turn the page look so just come
down
and 60-seconds these can live through
and I actually went to a church service
yesterday and that was very good and
I've actually enjoyed going to church
good and although I'm not a Christian I
still believe you can take stuff from it
and everyone so nice and people aren't
you know people fought in terms of their
passion but they're not forward in terms
of you know we're not going to talk to
you if you're not Christian only
something like that experience yet yeah
you just put on a brave face oh yeah
yeah actually I don't ever wanna hang
out with you huh well I'm going sis all
right oh oh that's good with you it's
gonna be back it's gonna be going back
to stick him like you think there were
three weeks you had to go we went to the
radio uh and that was after getting a
cowboy hat partner are you enjoy yeah I
was waiting for the police to get back
home you know rabba much they seemed
about number
it was cruel but it was a part of Texan
culture being cruel so it was all right
yeah the part of take the closer to be
cruel is this money everywhere I've gone
is if you're free tokes on British going
oh my god say baked potato and i gave a
potato and they go hahaha that is so
funny you know that game baby shown you
in the iphone yesterday be super monkey
ball I look like one those monkeys right
you do look like one of those like I
look like I'm for the matrix or
something or freak of lovely nature
never lovely made you see that guy I saw
you didn't saved it but thank you so
much for having me over and put up with
me it's fun you're gonna miss you
remember when the party got stopped by
three cups oh my goodness did you
actually get better camera yeah yeah wow
yeah they said you byes better calm it
down or else some of you are gonna end
up in jail and that suicide is British
Ricky said it yeah and I cuz bridge
travails that was me going ya know who
having a wank over nothing don't tell
about to tell you that like he's alive
look at him yeah hi games this is that
guy they're engaged apparently
his face very up close but feel evil I'd
retarded right there too t-rex drunk not
quite good so literally when the camera
turned off just then I said let's save
the 10 minutes worth of battery for when
something exciting happens so I just put
it away and then what happens it's all
gone quiet why cuz the cops came let's
see the reactions just that it is hey
hey hey hey wife and wipin guys what hey
hey guys the cops are still here miles
yeah we gotta tell you whatever I they
said people gonna jail with we gonna
show hey you know what when I see cops
go to jail come to me okay I do have
something is that okay no honestly
truthfully I'm gonna forgive miss you
and it's gonna be sad and I've had such
a good time and seriously you're one of
the raddest dudes ever high fat high
five MGR posture ten dollars then beaten
to it to say that yeah I miss a message
to Jen yeah you will see she's violent
it's all about Texan nature I bid you
farewell lady that good was that alright
was I I I could be problem part of me
ma'am I have to bid you fair toodles
yeah how would you say Vybz toodles
doodles it's cute let's say by light how
do i see from bed yeah we gonna end this
now who's gonna get along yet we're at
the drive-in and it turns out you can
watch two movies for seven dollars which
is actually amazing it's all right waste
Lee we're watching the intermission and
I was saying how that this hot dog Edna
is quite sexual if you just watch it
he's like trying to seduce the hot dog
and say come jump in my bud
and they ate you see that that was it
haha how many tell sexuals out 10 i'd
say maybe like seven please I mean I'm
surprised they're allowed to show that
I'm especially when their kids are no
issues it's like back in like a 50
