what a way to start the day it's pretty
wet so I guess it's a good time to get
going I'm staying with my friend Jen
Williams 10 free sticker and I was
originally going to go to Chicago then
change for dallas in texas and then i
was going to change again family but
she's not getting back home till sunday
night and i was it's that late today and
it turns out she's in dallas to lay so
I'm not getting on my flight so I'm a
Ridley and then I'm getting a hotel
tonight and then she's going to pick me
up we're gonna drive back to hers
I'm at the hotel now then I saw the room
and I went mental look at this yeah I
came in because it's amazing I get my
anointing board not go I'm gonna use it
ah get I in yeah it would have to come
at the onion blood really when their
shower look at the size of it I got
about five girls in there with me oh I
wish this is what made me go men also
you come in here and then I got a nice
mirror there almost lat in the mirror
it's the bed look at the size of that
it's fucking huge special a wicked
high-tech radio you see I'm getting
crazy over little things like this lamp
it's time to make look at the phone
feels like a real phone and it looks
like a real phone that's amazing it is a
real phone but hear that for Donna's for
a bowl and then it look this
high-definition TV laptop on high-speed
internet & lat like that and then I get
my in chair as well so I can put my feet
up I don't even take my shoes off yet I
get balcony as well I mean it's about
half a meter but you know another thing
to add to the amazing list yeah i'm
currently asking anyone who's in texas
to come join me because I can have four
guests there's a casino here there's a
pool there's a gym there's so much stuff
here and I'm just saw mine and I've
slain cuz Jenna I'm staying with she's
in Dallas night but she's at gig and
she's not sure if she's gonna come over
off the gig where hope site we'll see
but so what I'm going to do one my name
in a hotel with a gym a high-definition
TV a casino a pull all these nice
features but what am I going to do with
my time of course I'm going to spend it
with my good old friends on stickam yeah
which I guess is something to do with
hotel because it's really a really high
hot high speed internet so does everyone
want to say hi on stickam wicked so yeah
as you can tell I'm pretty shared from
me chatting lots of so I'm leavin stick
i'm aware of a show up but who's there
is Peter because doing Peter bit weird
innit Peter white Peter put buh buh buh
I'm bored I might sleep with Peter
tonight if I got no one else to cuddle
with that won't be a pleasant experience
oh and something else you can get ya is
if you go in here you can get coffee
stop it it's just amazing it's just
amazing graph scared me Peter Peter that
scared me I just walked in so if you
want to do that again just watch as you
walk in and then you see in the mirror
that is scary and you just walk and
there he is sitting there I'm actually
gonna have to take this off Peter that's
scaring the shit outta me they were
Becca who I speak to and stick em said
she'd come pick me up and she came and
what do we have Oliver go and look at
this this is absolutely ridiculous I is
is this is this the largest size you can
get i think i do1 basil I'll just like
at the regular default size when I am
empty please dispose of me properly now
is this triple cheeseburger thing I most
it that's pretty simply but we are in
the same shot now and was it cool
meeting yeah that was a good accent
impression
the room office isn't looking as nice
morning and then actually else have a
nice look out the window you can
actually see all the planes take off
yeah I guess it's the closest you can
get see sign take off them building so
it's half 9 i'm not sure if i should
give Jenica yet good thing about these
been so big as you can have home in the
morning coke and hoarding ain't that
great like maybe it is hmm it's
definitely good mm-hmm rights Allah
because this is what it looks like a gin
is I'm actually sitting here on some on
a cypher with a map in front of me and
all my bags and the airport map and it's
funny cuz I'm the new one here where are
you at the moment you have any idea
where you are did do you know how to get
back to Amarillo oh that's the main
thing I see it'll be over soon in the
next two hours
hey hi dead I was just saying how big
like you just look at this sorry gas
station not petrol station and just let
the Rays are so much wider you just
can't get over it do that right there
yeah VIP energy black that oh you know
got friends in high places the use of
story I'm good but this I what so you
slide yourself off what now so how did
you do it no they're just friends okay
we all hang out together yeah husbands I
mean I was an occasion you have been the
type to smoke yourself on my nose anyway
I'm uh I'm a plumber British gentleman
that right yeah well I don't know we'll
see I'm in such a weird i've just
filming food right so we once Jack in
the Box I thought yeah I'll get a get a
medium because i'd only go too much
because you're getting coping with the
American footage and then they a medium
drink like in size of it absolutely
ridiculous that you wouldn't even get
anything if you ordered supersize
mommy yeah apparently that's an actress
must be a mom and not a wrapped up dead
person my name yeah cuz you say mom mo
em yeah we say mum mu n mum mum like
month alone just feels everyone listen
bushes there's the bushes no I know I
tire the tire Wow what's out so cool we
look good too yeah I want to see some
tumbleweed I like the way that all these
are Cylons there in crosses very
Christian very Christian yeah is playing
in Christian and it's subliminal
messaging yeah
and it's another thing here we don't
have this automatic stuff in England you
have to hold it you just sit back look
at you your arms cross and the price is
xochitl how much is it per gallon right
399 a gallon in England you're looking
about eleven dollars per gallon this is
typical Texas right no no no no no no no
no hey hn ho you know to do is just
right I was gonna explain what she was
saying here she was like look a cowboy I
like go over there poor man and then she
was like let's go and ask him you wish
about to pull over sweet suicide like
can we video you because you're a cowboy
good I ever gonna say my friends for me
and you know he's experiencing Texas for
the first time so in an interactive real
a real cowboys like he goes one second
I'm just gonna go get my shotgun so we
were talking about politics and i was
asking jen do you know who the prime
minister of england is no yeah that's it
yeah you wouldn't know any and that's
the leader of our country for it in real
yeah sounds like a real good name that
it comes out really yeah yeah yeah
legates love our leader we go point
proven our government is a joke any of
an i think so well we have this place
that has 72 hours steaks Oh watch the
Hat expressions that she's driving a
massive steak and if you go to this
place if you can eat it in an hour in an
hour by yourself by yourself it's that a
potato like a salad and some rolls or
something horrible
and you have to eat it within an hour if
you get it for free but if you don't yet
space $72 it is so yellow yeah there you
go
big texan days the massive cal out front
I think someone's got some explaining to
do GN yeah for the win epic sucks
explain this that's right dad yeah why
isn't he say for the win why is the epic
yeah yeah however you must be having fun
it was an epic story oh shoot yeah it's
not for the wind story why don't you
think there's anything caught up you
know they're never an official releases
go it's a for the win story or it's a
for the way the song is epic it's all
about epic so it is a better term than
for the win tell Thursday in denial yeah
I'm going back to the dungeon this is
where I'm staying yeah like here we go I
come my own punch bag I sleep on their
really nice and cozy really nice and
cool
