so we're just outside hotel 17 now which
is where I've been slain and we're now
walking about eight blocks towards the
govern the you wanna reinforce a
stereotype of New York it's being
crushed in a cab well say it looks like
you hear everything you say around
we were told thank you so we were told
to look out for an arch and I can't see
about there it is so we've got the
communal shower there it's free also
here what's out here
is that a British accent there's two
zero zero one things ljb we met at the
london gathering last year and we've met
randomly who else is coming from the
Reverend Ohio
hello so we meet again Ian after a week
it's been fun
how's it been dealing without me for a
week it's before was I've been empty and
so have you been having cravings verb
miles yes they're all it's all go to the
pages just to see what's know do you get
a pillow and dress it up as me and give
it a black beanie no that's a good idea
all right so I'm here with the one and
only right I've got him a present so let
me get it how's it going that well I'll
show you how to ensure woman I'm just
giving Tanja president I don't know I
know that's the use key man so enjoy it
and have fun with it
that's so awesome the initial P fo mask
a different message for the kids don't
do drugs I must agree I will
David Hawk what's up we met at last yes
pretty much met everyone I haven't met
yet except with a couple who haven't
come like dishes so I shall betting on
name names or else I'll take it
personally if I ever mentioned it I just
think it should be a lesson to anyone
who's not shown up because if you missed
this one out don't miss out the next one
get a plane ticket come for a couple of
days and that's all that matters because
you know it will be worth it this world
will change your life people say it's
cliched people say there's no real like
what's happening is a bit lame but when
you experience it you know you'll
realize that it's real and it is good
and everyone here is having a great time
I do mani 75s if you look at the size
that camera compared to mine
which you can't see but it's a lot
smaller but it's not the size it's how
you use it but you probably use that
better than me anyway so the issue still
arises to me about whether or not you do
see baby pigeons and Sabrina came up to
me hayden and your user name is Faye
burning these all that people check out
because you're gonna learn saying here
that will change your life forever it's
gonna change my life and it's why I
don't see little baby pigeons they
produce the type of milk in their
throats and they feed the babies with
that and so they grow very very fast
right like mammals nurse you know the
home yeah yeah they do in the next I
guess and then they'll be out
so they'll pay your pigeons out there
don't be cruel but if you manage to get
a picture of one or a video once send it
in please thank you thank you thank you
Karen sprig it now how's it going
wherever I go we haven't I'm good
we having a good time and we're not
going to my now we are you can't see I'm
doing this amazing tap dance routine
unbelievable but I've like cleverly
Bluff PLC contrary he saw it it blow
your mind
wait what's that yow what is that I
don't know dude but you know what I'm
actually going to London maybe call you
yeah you gonna stop by oh cool well
we'll be up there by slay my move me me
Molly
Ziya pronounce it me me more in America
me me Molly
no I was doing this hair and Wall Street
Journal yeah yeah yeah person way now we
go to the conversation alright so I'm
just going to go around and everyone say
what user name they are who are you
that is the greatest science forever and
then we just started you know say who
you are on YouTube like and he's not
YouTube I'm Tony Stark
second person really sarcastic again
really good yeah
who are you - saucy lemon yeah finally a
serious I was so right with me now is so
not be looking forward to me it is oc5
hey what's going on today totally
surreal I don't I mean I've met a few
people that I've known over the but
never never video it's always been I
feel like I know these people more than
I did you know other you know like gonna
be like just tell normal block it's
really weird it's really weird
laid 376 totally cool guys yeah it's the
nice guy in a world that's good
I mean yes it's a well stream closeup
you like this summer it's awesome man
I'm moving to American tears and I'm
covered in Chicago next year I'm not
gonna be there oh wait you face oh we
are having a good time we are rocking
awesome March and it is actually getting
where I say it's getting quieter it's
still pretty lively what have you
enjoyed my even trying out the British
accent
go for it go for it about a bloody good
time I did I had a bloody good time and
it was awesome it was amazing man it's
wholly radically wrong okay so the
cliche compulsory the British stereotype
I don't know what's a form that bad see
the rock in here look at check it out
that's alright I like I'm playfully
seven six and I'm Adam and fade and I'm
out how you doin today you're doing it
yes I am I am well I'm quite jet-lagged
are you doing I'm extremely genuine
reason to be me it was a 6-hour flight
years was 25 I was trying not to cry
last
they're going don't do it be tough it's
crazy and we're in Australia from I'm
Canberra the capital it's not Sydney
damn it
no what do you think that I don't know
it is really silly no it's my leg
literally it's 3:30 in the morning on
the 8th of July and it's been a hectic
day I'm not in my hotel anymore we got
kicked out and I mean it's late now so
I'm gonna get some sleep but I'll
explain it all to you in the link
because it was just absolutely crazy
what happened but I'm alright all good
night
