hi there I'm Myles and welcome to my
channel I've been a video blogger since
2006 in which I've experimented with the
platform to see how it can be used as a
vehicle for social change because
sharing ideas working towards bettering
our world or even just making someone
out there smile these are the things
that keep me going in life and let me
tell you it's been quite the journey I
set up the first UK YouTube gatherings
to help bring online friendships into
the real world developed a way that
video blogging could be used as a tool
to help people with depression put
together a team to represent the YouTube
community on a BBC reality TV show and
one used video to help hold government
to account whether in person or online
Myles you're raising some very big
points about our civil liberties worked
as a video strategist for a variety of
organizations created a 24 hour non-stop
live broadcast to raise money for UNICEF
and much much more
because video blogging has changed my
life I now have this deep desire to do
what I can to help change the lives of
others and technology is such a powerful
tool but it only benefits us if we
approach it with the right values so
every Thursday I upload a new video
addressing this value systems from the
past learning from large events that
have impacted our world value systems of
the present such as mental health and
well-being and value systems for the
future how our minds need to evolve with
all the technological developments
coming our way
if any of this interests you then please
subscribe to my youtube channel and like
my Facebook page to be notified about
future videos and if you'd like to
support the work I do more closely then
please visit patreon.com forward slash
miles Dyer for more information thank
you for watching and I hope to see you
around how was that for a quick
introduction adios till next time
