in today's top stories I've been super
busy boo boo Thibet this is a shoe look
a time capsule oh and I got a haircut
yes seriously a proper haircut and no I
don't mean just one hair I got little
bit about that much cough but now for
the main report so earlier today I was
hanging out with some people I know for
a YouTube and we stayed at hostel we had
a good time and something I did which
was just in my random nature I kept
going true story and then I just said
something random which was true and it
was in hope that it would shock him or
entertain him but it mainly just boredom
and made them want to give me a cup of
shut the fuck up so when I got back to
they during band practice while
practicing for a gig I don't know why it
was going through my head at the time I
thought why not do a video on true
stories so this is how it's going to
work now true stories are always more
interesting the fake ones because it's
the fact that oh my god it actually
really did happen they can be funny they
can be serious they can be shocking or
they can be damn right dull but today I
want you to share stories that are
strange but true so have a think choose
three and throw my way in a comment or
video so here are my three right true
story so when I was in secondary school
there was this guy who was in a physics
class and they did the thing with the
pendulum you know you know the thing
that goes side to side you know metal
born string well he thought it'd be
really clever if he could catch it in
his mouth so he say it up he held it
right up here although you can't see it
but just imagine you could see my arm
going beyond the screen Annie let go wow
I early saw the aftermath but i think
the aftermath says it all really yeah
imperial i try to catch a pendulum or
did he had no teeth right true story a
friend of mine once told me that her dad
was at home eatin smash out of the tin
smash I don't even know I'm holding this
when I can just have a picture over
there better and for those either don't
know what smash is it's dry powdered
potato so you can make mash LA so II ate
a whole tin of it God knows why and then
to wash it all down he void have a nice
cup of tea to which it expanded
his stomach and he had to go to hospital
doctor we need you over here we need a
stomach pump now this is urgent why
what's happening is it more alcohol
poisoning let's get this out of his
system no doctor it's mashed potato and
if we don't act soon it's gonna come out
of every orifice in his body so I guess
a lesson can be learned there okay okay
true story a friend of a friend of a
friend something along those lines was
round a girl's house that he was seeing
and they go up to particular things
which were yeah but without being
explicit a certain act was done so when
it was finished and a piece of equipment
was removed from the other that she
began to shit everywhere hahaha where's
this going well if you can listen I can
tell you obviously made a mess
everywhere the guy left obviously in a
hurry didn't want to be involved the
parents obviously found the mess and
wondered why it was all over the floor
so what was she gonna do when they next
met up the guy asked her obviously how
it was going and if it was explained and
she was like yeah yeah I'm it was cool i
told my parents the dog did it what you
told your parents you the dog go over
the floor in your room yeah yeah I did
yeah I did alright so it's all sorted no
yeah yeah yeah I guess I is everything
all right you look kind of sad yeah just
uh when I told him about the dog doing
it they took the dog to the vet really
that's a bit far no no no trust me it
wasn't for um what they then did was far
what they then put it down yeah yeah
they put the dog down
so remember whenever you're in a
conversation that's beginning to die
just think of something funny or
something serious and tragic can try and
get cheap laugh out of it I guess it
depends if you have a soul or not and
just go hey true story hey true story
true story hey guess what true story hey
true story true story no I swear true
story all right true story so come on
post now your favorite true stories and
I'm out
