online community such a big and diverse
aspect of the internet and it's a big
revolution of the 21st century but
although many of us are aware of its
existence the question is do we know
what it truly is I mean what is online
community so recently I put the question
out there to the online community and
ask them to define it in a word in a
sentence and action or just within a
second and what was so interesting about
the videos that I've got sent as you'll
see in a minute was the diversity of all
these different perspectives of what
online community means to different
people in different segments of that
community so sit back relax although
you're poor you can't relax if I was so
in your face like then so I apologize
and enjoy the biggest collaboration
video on YouTube first first online
community welcome it open to everybody
awesome awesome awesome it's awesome
awesome awesome awesome yet strange ng
winters lovable writing people come
together as one youtube boomerang kids
coming back and i'll come back to it who
loyalty if it brings us together I
brings us all together together this
international interaction a way to
connect erasing the borders of free
speech and vengeance communication
communicating across the Internet
exploration and discovery worldwide your
worldwide family together trouble means
connecting people across the world
international friendship lost on film
global random entertainment to entertain
others connecting with people from a
computer connecting a revolution
revolution a passionate needs new
one slow whoa granola bar fantabulous
look at epic lulz nosegay
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
snootchie bootchies it's absolutely you
tastic a happy place but we gotta take
my own cousin lovely jubbly nothing
cultivated escape create within to
educate adventure horizon expanding
expanding John I can't use boring comedy
not crap I'm tell me for my juicy um
cake porous and multifaceted
I'm on community rocks yeah insanity
crazy man crazy crazy crazy awesome
crazy grizzy alter egos Oh
procrastination amen it's as good as
tears every loves tastes better than
toast it's the best thing since sliced
bread convenient colorful a rainbow of
love love no I love it the future it's
super super not flooding condensation
watching strong but crumbling
dysfunctional
popularity contest hope you are ready
contest need more subscribers rate
comment and subscribe it's amazing
amazing it's kickass similarities
inspirational inspired it's wonderful
it's a place for your voice be heard
partially made of awesome it's absorbing
virtuality naked warm a mustard
addictive I love be a bully risom big
debates where even i can get noticed FTW
interesting it's all about you guys
living vicariously our sharing opinions
brimming with talent a bear with a sore
head meow completely addictive mind
proving accessible big virtual hug
together together this real friends
friendships friendship friendship young
an old being friends together new
friends cries we're like a family
livestream Lee distracted Bob family guy
saw amazing its undefinable bloody
fantastic sterile pretty much amazing
it's amazing kick ass chaotic is
depressing just kidding it's a wonderful
end stalker borderline amazing
friendship love pickles Ian crossland
express it a turn on it's good but it
can get dramatic drama the drama perma
banned
are you doing your mom trying it well
don't know man uh-huh come on a
cross-section of people from all across
the community no oh yeah we got together
to tell you what the online community
means to us because none of us could
think of anything better to do so here
it is mmm never gonna give you up never
gonna let you down never gonna run
around and desert you never gonna make
you cry never gonna say goodbye never
gonna tell a lie and hurt you ladies and
gentlemen you've just been rickrolled
whoa I'll die I like miles yesterday
into the word
