so something that's come out recently is
Scientology has taken the stand to put
forward their religion in advertisements
and to advertise on the side bars of
people's channels and furthermore
youtube drama mentioned that i don't
know how the true this is but on certain
profiles where people aren't partners
people who criticize the religionists
scientology whether it's constructive or
not have the scientology get the facts
right so i'm just going to go to my
video now it was my latest one here we
go is it coming up yet so you find
yourself get the facts Scientology video
channel now this is a video response to
a video i did when i went to Hollywood
last year and I went to where you apply
to be in Scientology and I gave a fair
perspective I asked him if I could
interview him about it but of course
they they want to do that which is fair
enough they said that on a scale of plus
102-101 like- 98 on nervousness and they
were trying to convince me that i was
nervous and insecure when in fact i was
in hollywood by myself traveling the
world trying to get out and reaching the
people but i think i gave a balanced
perspective and gave my views so check
that video out my question to you is do
you believe that religions should feel
the need to advertise in such a way I
mean surely it's about people who find
it in their lives and don't have it
friend in their face fine just ontology
is trying to move away from the fact
it's not business and I went there the
only thing I got out of it was being
asked if I wanted a buy a book and to
sign up and pay money and that gave me
the impression that it is all business
and furthermore do you think that
YouTube should give partners the option
of what they advertise on their channels
because if there's something on my
channel which is advertised next to my
video it might not be something that I
agree with when I was in Hollywood I had
stuff right in my face and I was able to
shrug it off and go you know what I'm
able to cope by myself but there are
some people in life who may be dragged
off the streets into this Scientology
Center who are looking for something to
reach out to and they could potentially
get sucked into it which were good or
bad it's something that would happen on
my channel I talk about very sensitive
issues and there are some people who
come
for my videos to find out you know a
comfort that you know they're not the
only ones undergoing difficulties and
then if they've got sign on the side
saying get the facts for this religion
you know I just I don't agree with it I
think if advertisement is to be taken
seriously you need to think of it like
this youtube channels should be able to
choose what is advertising their channel
people who use alternative music a lot
in their videos ideally should have
adverts for alternative sort of stuff
you know it appeals to them my channel
is nothing to do with Scientology and
therefore I don't want it on my channel
so get it off there please now I'm
asking you I'm not having a go at
Scientology but Scientology I prefer if
you stayed off my channel
