hi guys is Alex mera money how you doing
this is a really bad accident but I'm
going to try my best to do and their arm
on s sort of video sort of thing funny
thing yet I was in the library the other
day or was it 92 days and yeah I was in
the library right got that sword in the
front of the library it's about free
stories and it's all glass and there was
this young gentleman who was that
cleaning the window because on the third
story there was a bit of a mess so yeah
I was watching him he was actually
making more of a mess than started
because he was on a ladder which took
him to the first floor and then to get
on to the second story he was just on a
pole and he was just making all this
mess he kept doing it and I was like
what the good after 10 minutes I then
realized he got a squeegee out and he
started wiping it away and then what I
found out right was that the mess that
he was trying to clear up didn't go away
and why was that because it was on the
other side of the glass how stupid that
you know you just think that like the
number one rule in the the handbook of
washing a window would be to UM check
which side is on so yeah oh oh hi yeah I
was just listening to my ipod because
there's no connection between me working
in apple store and me always you know
plug in these sort of products because
you know why would I be doing that I
mean it's not as if I have lots of views
and you know Apple would want me to
promote stuff that I work in a store on
so yeah but it's the video iPod first
edition um there's plenty more and not
related in any way and I'm not promoting
but if you ever come into the apple
store where I work that you shouldn't
already I will be happy to serve you
I've just realized that I didn't
actually do that many cuts in this video
you know when I lose my train of thought
and when I lose my witness I tend to cut
from here to here to get loads of
different perspectives on lines of
different parts of stories so I like go
hard hat is really for her and then I'll
be over here talking about this like
really in your face constantly coming at
you yeah so another game I was thinking
about actually was the idea itself a tag
game you have to say five things and one
of them has to be a lie and people have
to work out which one is the lie and
after you've done that you then going to
tag five other people and then it goes
on and on so yeah you get what I'm
saying and you know we'll just see where
this goes cuz I'm I mean I don't think
you'll kick off the people I could
attack this game is going to be full of
or destroy charlieissocoollike nevermind
oh that's me but I've done anyways that
that matter and Todd Lee 00 and Johnny
Durham so a name and there's no
connection with anything so before you
jump on it and go at me you know just
don't worry so yeah I do you like my new
shirt by the way it sir it's hundred
percent real and it's a pretty good yeah
hurt so yeah pull that'd be pretty
pretty nice to show you there it's a try
to type in the making so look out for
the store seen lots of quick edits oh
yeah
and I just forgot to use a lot of
gestures in my impression so I'm gonna
keep using hand movements why just say
really really happy but unleashing the
visionary the unavoidable internal
subjectivity cultivates scalable
solutions you can you could take that
any way you want really
that's it I think just gonna just spin
on my chair and do you say else a bit
witty pen it's a pen I could probably
say I'm very sarcastic about it that's a
really really expensive pen pretty
sarcastic one it I'm glad you like my
sarcastic humor because you like my
sarcastic humor too don't you mr. scope
I mean you know everything in one room
has a story and this has a story I went
to as the to get sang for halloween and
this was three pounds so I thought get
it and I never used it so I just keep it
here and for it come useful and you know
why not use it in a video now so yeah
there's a my skull hurts say yeah I
guess I should say bye-bye bye-bye
bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye
that's the little short so I just want
to say happy birthday Alex and
furthermore with its bad impression I
thought I'd just shaved outtakes like I
do it into my videos so I watched him
for about 10 minutes to which I found
out he doesn't even do this with his
hair I don't even know what I'm doing
that I'm just trying to make it look big
to make sure I sort of get the best as i
can say i always have to start off like
this you're right guys I can't do that
bit because there's no connection
between the fact I work in a in a in a
nice store apple store whatever safe I
for things and one of them has to be
true and the rest have to be lies after
that wrong hey Alex miles dot here bleh
376 from across the internet whatever
man I just want to wish you a really
really happy birthday I don't obviously
do many of these but I don't know I just
was going to do a video with the story
of the window cleaner and then I for all
this same sort of Alex would do and then
I thought lawyers your birthday started
thought I'd do a really bad impression
and sort of dedicate and see well who
else would I dedicated to if I was doing
an impression of Alex you know who I
love all the guys of metal for YouTube
although I respect so many others you
are one of those that I respect the most
just because you and I managed to have
really good conversations and I'm just
really glad we've become friends and I
hope we do end up paying a lot more soon
and we start on that project you spoke
about so a little plot device there to
get people curious and you probably
don't even know what is I don't either
um yeah we'll see how it goes so yeah it
is and have a good rest of the day
