hey everyone hope all is well an
explanation is not the same as a
justification why do I mention this
because unfortunately these two
approaches are often conflated when
discussing controversial issues
sometimes when a terrible event occurs
I'll post a video in which I examine the
situation and tried to make sense of
what caused it to happen and in response
some people say oh so that makes it
alright then no it doesn't which is
exactly why I felt compelled to talk
about it in the first place explaining
is not the same as condoning following a
terrorist attack if you speak about the
motivations behind the perpetrators it
doesn't automatically mean that you
condone their actions and are therefore
some kind of terrorist sympathizer if it
did then you may as well say that
historians who provide insights on how
Hitler rose to power are somehow Nazi
apologists and yes I know Godwin's law
sorry
wanting to understand is not the same as
wanting to occur if your government
drops bombs on another country and kills
civilians it is fair to assume that any
surviving relatives could become
motivated to enact revenge that doesn't
necessarily mean that you hope they do
take revenge interpreting an explanation
as a justification can be an honest
mistake
it often is but unfortunately it can
also be a technique that is
intentionally used to put others down
like by those in power to smear their
opponents either way it is not helpful
in political discourse because it can
shut down much-needed constructive
debate it hinders progress with
identifying root causes and thus long
term solutions to tragedies that we
witness on a regular basis
many people use labels such as bad evil
or sick when explaining why horrific
acts occur because it's easy the path of
least resistance the simple process of
filing it away case closed
no one's going to refute that but we
live in a complicated world which
requires a nuanced approach to problem
solving so next time you hear someone
discussing an event that has caused
public outrage listen carefully to what
they are saying and consider the
following on
trying to explain what has happened or
are they trying to justify it it can of
course be both but it's important to
acknowledge that it can be won without
being the other this video has been a
long time coming I feel it could be a
disclaimer on most of my social
commentaries so please like and share
this video with anyone you know who
likes to engage in political discourse
thank you very much and let me know your
thoughts in the comment section have
there been times where you feel the
lines have been blurred between
explanation and justification and
finally if you'd like to support me with
the videos that I creates on here every
Thursday please visit patreon.com
forward slash miles dive for more
information thank you so much for
watching I really look forward to
reading your comments on this topic I
will see you next week a DA still next
time
you
