hi my name is Miles die i'm known as
blow physics across the internet and i
am a part of you stage
and I've had quite a few things that
I've been trying out especially for the
finals I mean for me I need to get fit
again
ah
so fitness is a big aspect for it
firstly I've started doing regular
jogging
I've also started meditation because as
much it's good to get your heart rate
going it's good so just relax and I've
also been doing martial arts and I don't
bother spending money going out to all
these gimmicky profession and Marshall
are things just use the internet I mean
generic and so I completely websites
they give great resources sure they're
edited by people but they give I'm sure
they're reliable and I definitely feel
stronger from the training I've taken
and for instance punch in whole story
brick walls
what na is so good
but yeah full help for it
yeah I'm i filled it up straight away
after
oh yes kwikset stuff it looks like it's
some been set for years but good stuff
yeah um it's just a flesh wound be right
he'll
it's also very important to communicate
with your fans and to you know get the
energy from them it's all power of Chi
key quiche I don't know but you know
just talk to your fam Basin get the
energy alright thanks for the support
everything is great appreciate it and I
just feel that this is the way forward
and what would I do a value I just what
would I do it would be able to do a fee
so yeah and you're looking really great
today while i really go yeah and you've
got banned that as well yeah
well all of us have our own methods some
work better than others mine of course
is the best I am known for my promotion
methods and it's simply just getting out
there and just shouting loud enough I
like community where are you I need your
phone it's very and if you shall know
enough some will here you go we'll stay
outside oh alright and then they'll log
on the internet and vote for you I don't
know we've been getting lots of boats so
far so obviously my show and has been
pretty low
yeah fun as we pretty good you know
nothing majorly different from my usual
routine
yeah pretty much it
I'm claustrophobic David Blaine had it
easy because he didn't have to entertain
when he was in a glass box I now feel
justified in pretending I'm famous oh
okay once again thank you thank you my
teammates never nights the spit I put in
their food people in glass houses
definition throw stones the BBC don't
like product placement Jemima is a good
egg timer I have really bad bladder
control
I've learned the beam cameraman to das
job all right take that back and the BBC
of the greatest what a serious now I
just want to say upstage has been a
great experience for me I'm really
looking forward to the finals as well as
everyone else a new stage even those who
can't be with us for the finals
unfortunately and we're going to give it
all we've got we hopefully got some good
stuff planned up for you and for those
of you haven't releasing this before or
find us a bit iffy if you could just
give us another chance and hopefully we
can win you over so a dios until then
