here's some food for for schizophrenia
sure beats being alone I've learned in
life that confession is good for the
soul but bad for your career all
generalizations are false yeah including
this one no one cares about you hmm try
missing out a couple of mortgage
payments then then you might find
someone remember cleanse our people to
ham and eggs a day's work for a chicken
a lifetime commitment for a pig everyone
has photographic memory just not
everybody has film change in life is
inevitable except the vending machine of
course I mean between you and me let's
be honest if anything in life was worth
doing it would have been done already
Alzheimer's disease is terrible but I
mean look on the bright side a new
friend every day what happens if you get
scared half to death twice the sooner
you fall behind the longer you have to
catch up if you try and fail and succeed
which have you done I said no to drugs
honest honest but they just wouldn't
listen I bet you I could stop gambling
why do you bankrupt see lawyers expect
to get paid what they think him my god
that is terrible suicidal twinken sister
by mistake if at first you don't succeed
redefine success with a lot of recent
reflection I've found it so sad how
whole families can be torn apart by just
really simple things like wild dogs I
used to be indecisive but now I'm just
not sure they say that love is blind but
from what I've heard marriage is a real
lying got a great tip here for saving it
says borrow from pessimists because he
bought from pessimists I mean
never going to expect to get the money
back are they some pretty good tip yet
so lately I've been trying to daydream
but I just can't I mean my mind keeps
wandering hard work never killed anyone
but why chance it I used to be
schizophrenic but now we're all right
did you know that radioactive cats
actually have 18 lives I'm always told
that hard work pays off in the future
but to be honest laziness deadly pays up
now I kill for the nobel peace price
just remember you're unique just like
everybody else for sale a parachute only
use once but it's never been opened and
there's a small stain nice what do I
really want in life I guess I want
patients I want it now damn it i hope
that when I die I die peacefully like my
granddad who was in his sleep um I just
don't die screaming you know terrified
like the passengers of his car if one
synchronized swimmer drowns to the rest
are drawn to a seminar on time travel
will be held two weeks ago I have a
friend who says they dream in color but
I just told him it's a pigment of their
imagination I couldn't care less about
apathy what jesus is coming quick look
busy yeah you are Jesus yeah yeah I'm
just reading up on a business news for
my working man it's pretty we all see
the party a cool cool sounds good yeah I
love to i'm just a bit tied up at them i
mean i just love to hang out but um
sorry I've been mean that yeah Jesus man
you're tempting me know what I didn't
mean temperatures
in like your dad ever watch that tail
I'm sorry it's just like
and I don't say some thinkin you know
this we're going to be really
controversial I just make things worse
myself I know I know I should just say
it um I'd love to just come to this
party man but I mean all this business
stuff I gotta do for work or my boss
will crucify me Jesus
