hi YouTube multi-blade Lucerne 6-part
till I guess - hey miles
yeah yeah can I do this one what oh yeah
I just thought because you did part one
I thought I could the airport it snows
sorry yeah miles awesome
yeah hi guys
miles down here blips n6 once again I
thought I'd let him do part one an ID
part so you know share it out I mean it
was me all along he went yeah yeah
whatever whatever it was me he win
so in part one it was apparent now I had
already learned a lot about being in
Seattle such as I was cold and I was
tired but yeah it was a wicked place and
I was so glad to finally get there it
was a 14-hour journey in total and going
from that video I made before I left
telling Brett cause on my way to
actually get in there it was a long
journey and it was nice to be settled in
at last so on the first day one thing
that I decided to do was being a British
guy in America was making comparisons
and so when Brooke and I went around
different places that we discuss things
and sort of compared into America and we
came up with a lot of interesting
conclusions
okay ridiculous observation number one
and they try and find as many of these
as I can when I'm in Cl okay that may be
not so funny I was just trying too hard
but you know me and Brooke laughed at
the time so that's all that matters
right as you I did they're so ridiculous
observation number two bloodshot eye
because of lack of sleep and I know what
you're thinking already I'm not even
talking about the culture of the place I
was that I'm just talking about random
so ridiculous observation number three
mountain G two litres yeah it was 1.8
which is about sixty P we have a shop in
central London called cyber candy which
sells imported goods from America and
like old candy which doesn't exist
anymore in England and you can get
mountain Dew of this size but it's like
a tenner which is twenty dollars okay I
said ten pounds as in twenty dollars I
actually meant five pounds as in ten
dollars I don't know why I got confused
but it doesn't matter it is still
absolutely crazy
the difference in amount I mean just
keep watching
so this was one eighty one dollar I went
in England we paid twenty
ridiculous is it very ridiculous yes
sorry on a ridiculous right and out of
10 you give it also thanks Brooke for
the ridiculous Omega we will return yeah
oh I did they're tight and play woods
so we hadn't even left the car except to
get the mountain shoe and already we had
made so many observations even ones
about the car itself or as some
Americans say automobile right you so up
yeah now I know they're in America the
cars are all automatic but look at this
right no I wasn't checking out Brooks
leg Oh see this is sort of compromised
because we have here is you have the
like the manual and looking feature but
we have his D that was it drive yeah you
just plug back in and then it's
automatic
you said somebody don't lie there and
add oh yeah laser tag
so yeah we went to play laser tag laser
Quest whatever the hell you want to call
it the point is lots of kids were there
wait should I say that again we were
playing with lots of kids me and brick
played with some kids I was out in the
middle of America playing with kids on
my first SEL I decided to play with some
kids at laser tag I played with lots of
kids okay this ain't working you know
wife in sir don't we were just playing
laser tag and we played two games the
first game I was getting to grasp with
this whole environment because it was
massive it was one big maze I had to
keep saving Brooke you know from all the
kids that were attacking her and you
know being the hero I was actually I
think it was more her protecting me but
the point is round two I had to you know
come back I mean I'll sort mid-table in
the first round and guess what happened
yes you guessed it
I kicked those American kids asses okay
most of them probably were half my age
but the point is I killed him no not
literally kill him I mean beat him at
laser tag okay let's not call the cops
let's not call the cops I was talking
about laser tag and beating them in the
game yeah so that's it put down the
phone don't call the cops
it's all good maybe I'm taking this a
bit too seriously me being too serious
you didn't see the guys that will work
in there but it's laser tag that's what
the guys working there said they were
pretty hysterical in the mic going yeah
yeah and I died a little more inside so
from one form of entertainment we went
to another to the cinema and of course I
was once again shocked by the ridiculous
prices which were out there we've just
been to a cinema and I saw her
advertised on the boards it was just at
one of these big business parks and it
was advertised for $2 so a ticket a
movie ticket for $2 so that's a pound in
England so me and Brooks saw saw four it
was the fourth time I'd seen in the
cinema previous times I've paid $12 paid
$2 full dollars for us both
and would you make it
you can sweat shoeless absolutely
ridiculously it was it doesn't even stop
there with a cinema because with
different age restrictions
it seemed that America was a bit more
lenient but I didn't think it would be
this lenient when we were in there I
know the writings in England go like
this you have UV Universal PG for
parental guidance then it's 12 15 and 18
you have to be above those ages to go
and see it now in America you have the F
G which is anyone yeah then is that PG
13 13 is you have to be at least 13
right and then you have our we have to
be 17 or over and then with a parent
there was a family behind us who had a
kid with him how old was he
what that he was seeing behind us
watching so forth do I need to do it
again to emphasize the WTF factor all
right what not now so far in itself that
you know it's gonna be a gory movie but
it has like issues like in it which I
even find distressing at my age and I
think that it's not saying that kids
have age and being exposed to and the
fact it wasn't even that it was the fact
he was with his mum and dad sitting
behind us and when stuff happened in the
movie the parents were sharing out you
know holy and the kid they went to get
more candy through
yummy and use the terminology candy and
he was like no I wanna watch the movie
I'm just like I think you know like
I think in it I think that kids should
be kept naive in life you know I think
that parents should understand the kids
didn't know a lot for their age but at
7-7 yeah that's why I'm saying that's a
big exception ridiculous how ridiculous
as ridiculous I was so angry like
terrible parenting I hate everyone she
was turning around oh my god
out of all the ridiculous stuff today
what was being ridiculous number nine
later
Oh Mel Angie yeah that bad yeah
casing
yeah
a covers up a range of issues the best
entertainment issues and tough issues
and when it gets dark and it's nighttime
and the other camera it can only mean
one thing
night vision hahahaha and yes I had lots
of fun with night vision that's right
you guessed it I filmed Brooke naked
without her knowing Brooke Brooke
I was only kidding I didn't really I
mean you can get up from underneath the
desk now don't hide I'm not gonna show
anything like that cuz I didn't okay no
one's gonna believe me now I should have
made a joke like that
so yes another long clip part two I have
a feeling this may go to four parts but
I mean let me know what you make of it
if you don't mind me going on a bit
longer
either way I'm probably do it anyway
because I just want these videos for my
own personal reflections in future
because it was a great time so coming up
in part three more ridiculous moments
that this week was weird some drive
through action breakfast have a plan
then I'm gonna nap does the Sandman such
as an experienced extreme sassy celery
sausage sandwich me and Brooke chillin
in Canada for New Year's I was saying
we're going out to get hammered mate Jim
and me getting busted in the bowels by a
massive rubber band ball oh so as always
thank you for watching guys and a da
still next time hope you enjoyed it
