using night vision in the day looks
really really cool whoo but yeah hey
how's it going this is a response to
Merriman and that can only mean one
thing it's time for tag Gabe
I thought for you know doing these sort
of facts we should do it outside because
it's an it's a nice open area hey hey
you you wait we done wait all right now
again right hi gram yeah sorry just
random I'm doing it for YouTube which
basically doing five facts about me so
people who know about me so I was
wondering could you tell them one fact
that they might not know about me
fine I'll do this myself let's go back
inside I'm very open on most of my
videos so the chances are you may have
known one of these before you know these
things I'm about to tell you but you're
so tough fact number one spires I'm
absolutely petrified of them really
scared I've had lots of bad experiences
with them and I said spiders not hangers
and hangers and spiders doesn't even
rhyme anyways that was a plot device I
was downstairs once and I was ready to
go to bed for work and there was a big
house spider on my stairs on the first
step couldn't even for our bucket on it
I was that petrified I was on MySpace
but listen up can anyone tell me how to
get rid of it the outcome despite a
stage still night fair play to it wasn't
going to back down and as a result I
slept on the couch downstairs sofa but
Americans couch you know I mean so yes
spiders I hate him nothing personal my
other biggest fear in life is I guess
this can be a part of that one is of
dying alone it's something I just
definitely don't want to do I said dying
alone this I you know being a what right
okay fat number two it's getting really
hot in here so I'm going to take off my
jacket that was fax number two highly
kidding i'll give you a real fact now
the first band I ever went to sea life
was when I was 13 and it was Duran Duran
her name is Rio and she dances eigersund
better better Berlin yeah as you can
tell I wasn't quite as good as Duran
Duran number three I've recently become
a writer again I've joined live journal
com and i've started doing my in
journals now so I fought this to be a
good opportunity to tell you that if you
want to find out more about what's
inside this head go check it out the
links over there in the description box
I just haven't done writing for a long
time any major writing anyway so every
day now i'm planning on writing a new
journal entry about my day at recent
thoughts and whatever comes to mind
really I find it tackles a different
sort of expression that vlogging doesn't
seem to be able to hold for me but
I explained that all there so for that
was a quick plug and also if one lane
plug wasn't enough you can find me on
itunes how cool is that just search
miles die which is my name by the way if
you didn't know that could be another
fact but only five acts you can also
search podcast 376 on there and it is a
podcast show I've started doing recently
so if you ever want to add st. to your
iPod if you ever want to listen to me
because you can't stand my image because
I'm just isil's which might your eyes go
yeah it would be just for you but if you
don't like the sound of my voice over go
listen to it anyway and I hope you go
deaf sorry nice sorry I didn't mean that
really that was that was that was wrong
with me that was bad I didn't I didn't
mean that really fact number for this is
a serious one probably one that then I
some people maybe I'll suss out some
people may not but I am in fact a virgin
and my fifth and final facts another
serious one is I just want to say that
you guys who are watching this right now
are my inspiration in life and are the
reason that I choose to inspire or try
and inspire people on the internet so
without you I wouldn't be doing this and
I appreciate every comment people leave
every male people send me any reflection
of that someone's watching me or you
know it has been somehow interacting
with me through this medium because it's
truly amazing and as a lot of you know
it plays a big role in my life in terms
of building me up to be the person I am
today so I just want to end on a big
thank you so that's it for my five facts
adios until next time oh wait I've got
to tag five people let's think number
one the Queen of England the Royal
channel yeah Queen I want to tag you I
want to see you come out and give us
five facts that we perhaps don't know
that aren't already documented in the
weather monarchy thing you might have
that has facts in it wikipedia number 2
Peter file my good old friend Peter file
if you're watching this dude I want you
to come out now and surprise the world
with five facts that even I don't know
about you I mean you're
Prem steers character right number three
the one and only Seeley one shine the
most amazing singer in the world I
tagged you man give us five fax number
four I vite Brooker's I don't think
you've done one yet and it'd be cool to
hear from you princess they put five
facts here and finally number five I
choose razel haven't heard from you in a
long time man so give us some facts
that's it now and for real this time
it's goodbye from me and a DA still next
time let's see where this chain goes
