hello and welcome
you're watching Sky News broadcasting
live from Sky Studios at the Millennium
Dome in London I'm miles Dyer in a
moment
we'll catch up on the world of sport but
first a news headlines on the hour every
hour there has been widespread flooding
in the West Country mr. and mrs. Brown
of Somerset forgot to turn off the bar
and task before leaving the house to go
shopping mrs. Brown was said to have in
floods of tears when told the news in
central London
riot police had to deal with angry
shoppers the trouble started when two
ish shops ran out stock of the new Geri
Halliwell dole the former ginger spice
said she was delighted at the news
though mini Gerry was selling just as
well as the models and the other Spice
Girls meanwhile on the banks of the
River Thames engineers are still
grappling to locate the back wheel of
the world's biggest bicycle which went
missing without a trace yesterday police
continued to search high and low up and
down the country and finally we are
pleased to say that mrs. Smith of
Hudgens field has been reunited with her
cap tink he had spent the night on the
roof before being rescued by a local
fire brigade earlier today that's all
from me now over to mark for the sports
news
sky official broadcast sponsor of the
millennium experience
