the cameras that we use to put our
visions on the internet are such great
tool
sometimes if you just close your eyes
and think about things very slowly you
get a sense of clarity and you find out
that there are certain things that you
really want to say that's why I think of
almost my videos people wonder how I
have such an open honesty but the truth
is we all do it's just a matter of
getting down to it and just letting
everything free some of us put videos
after let the world know who we are
sometimes we just put videos up to have
an effect just tell your camera look
straight into it and with deep full say
something for just 10 seconds no more no
less 10 seconds you can say what's
really on your mind you may want to save
perhaps a quiet that means a lot to you
or you may just want to say something
funny or something controversial but I
can guarantee that for every 10 second
video there's posted up it'll reach the
eyes and the ears of at least the person
and you will have an effect on them
people will react
and you will have made a mark on the
minds of others for a camera
and when you think of it like that isn't
it truly amazing
