hi YouTube miles dire blade for 760
how's it going today I'm just talking
about saying very quickly on stick out
there was some discussion in my room
about it a while back which was really
cool and then recently I've got an email
from an Evan I'm not sure his username
is but it's about Wikipedia because in
fact this guy as well as other people
i'm not sure who have put together a
page an article about me which I thought
was awesome and basically they wanted me
to put it out there so I put it in the
description box fuel to check out and he
wants people to add to it and I've
looked it now and I'm surprised I
haven't rira moved it because well i
know i do youtube vlogs but on my really
were worth an article slot but you know
i'm not going to complain and say yeah
go check it out i'll be sure to go and
add to it very soon with my information
how you watch a lot oh you are not
allowed to make you out articles about
yourself wikipedia that's right the best
online encyclopedia there is right I'm
wikipedia i can do any bear know how you
talking to me how just look up in
wikipedia i have all the answers doing
everything very very funny yeah you are
not allowed to edit an article or make
one about yourself so I'm having
conversation with an encyclopedia on the
internet on the computer that's right
the best online encyclopedia there is
yeah you are not allowed taking it you
have articles about yourself all right
yes so anyway I'm if you guys alright it
if you'd like to add to the article with
your own viewpoints of me or what have
you heard feel free to because I
personally gone all right shut up sorry
about that um I don't know what what's
going on just then it's a bit weird
article about yourself you are not
allowed to make edits an article about
you I'm going to get any laptop I'm not
putting up with like that I'll repair it
that way I'll get it get it later now so
yeah basically guys if you want to add
sir the wikipedia page because I
personally can't then that be you're
still here
pelletier pewter and a be given pushes i
am wikipedia i am the best online
encyclopedia in the world boo boo start
good food good comeback pizza pizza
Sorry Sorry just looking for Pierre
where is he
