hey everyone my name's miles has a lot
of you probably know cuz I probably sent
me a message on understand my space why
are you telling you to share this out
it's amazing what can change in just a
year a year today august the 14th 2006 i
started my vlogging on youtube and look
at what's happened since then so much
and i'm not going to make this long this
introduction because the main video is i
guess when it's all about a bit of chima
showing you a montage of all the
comments I've got four out of the year
so what I want to say is thank you for
everyone who's supported me in the past
life I always say if you go to play 376
calm and once it loads up which is my
myspace page if you look on the right
hand side it's got a menu with a list of
all my vlog series I've ever done check
them out comment on whatever just sort
of see what I've been used to because
the question I have for you all whether
you're new to watching my videos or
you've watched my videos from the
beginning what out of all my videos not
necessarily the blogging series is your
favorite and why you can do video
responses to this and just normal
comment just anything just make a
discussion occur because I'm really
interested to see what elements appeals
to people want dozen not just so I have
a direction to go because I'm pretty
comfortable with my direction YouTube
but I'm just fascinated to know why
people do watch my videos and a year on
it seems like a right moment to ask that
sort of question so thank you very much
everyone if you do watch my videos I
know someone recently said oh I've
watched your videos for months and I've
just realized you can subscribe so you
can keep track of my videos so if
there's anyone out there who watch my
videos and hasn't yet subscribed please
do subscribe be much appreciated and
yeah thank you thank you so much
everyone so a lots changed in the year
and here's to another year an empty cup
which hasn't even got water in it being
a the gesture so that's it this was
inspired by a fellow british vlogger and
you may
be familiar with I do mention his name
in the video so enjoy this and yeah
that's it see you soon adios
I think you've been to personal YouTube
you're you're exposing yourself to
personal attacks whoa get a bit personal
one week hey what's name that band that
using that pig squealing video software
is very cool and I just wanted to check
them out oh yeah sure let me just type
it here this is the bannings check out
their myspace although it was in the
description box of the video send have a
nice day you're such a lightweight being
able to drink just that and get drunk
maybe I should drink and build up a
tolerance to our coal because that'd be
necessary to enjoy life so I get liver
failure and become an alcoholic thanks
to the advice hey how do you make videos
that are like 20 minutes man i mean
that's that's whoa crazy oh it's quite
simple really check faq because they
stopped giving directors account some
the extended video allowance i brough
what the hell's repeat a file he can't
dance fish yeah cuz petafile really was
supposed to be good at dancing q thank
you for such a constructive comment I'll
be sure to take into consideration hey
blade do you hate boheme uh no I only
seen the video where we're talking to
each other hey blade do you hate renetta
same thing you're not seeing the video
with me and Ronettes I hey blade do you
hate charlie is so cool like do I even
need to answer this question you're a
stoner and you know it because you've
got a can weed poster on your wall wow
I'm a STONER and I didn't even know that
myself because yeah maybe I should take
your advice I mean you saw that poster
on my wall and therefore were able to
make and calculate a lot of assumptions
which led you to believe that I do smoke
it a lot good for you man good for you
keep going with those assumptions
they'll get you very far in life you
have no right to discuss racism because
you're ignorant you don't live in the US
you don't know what it's like right
because I have to live in the USA to
understand what racism is ok but I was
just trying to discuss an issue and get
it out there where is the reason that
you attacked me on that because I'm
white hey man why you always have mal
face on your t-shirt oh did you mean
manifests if so get back to me I can
tell you more
friend why don't you get a job you I'm
actually a student studying psychology
is become a counselor but I actually do
have a job so in response to your
comment you being drunk on camera shows
such a lack of creativity hmm and making
such a comment makes you come across
like a complete bitch who is so uptight
on I'm surprised you're still breathing
oh boy I was wondering what the pig
squealing bad was because I think that
sup Rico oh yeah this question I think
I'm quite familiar with this here's the
band's myspace send I can't believe you
showed the homeless situation in LA all
your videos in the US have been so
anti-american because you've shown
problems oh maybe if you actually look
to all my videos you'd realize there was
some positive stuff and negative because
the idea of my trip was to give a
balanced view point from an outsider oh
my god you're you're ripping off been
like up no if I was ripping off been
like I'd be doing something like like ah
how ironic I've just done something
which was ripping off Ben loca so this
must be one big rip off I find
absolutely appalling that you bleep out
your swear words just to to emphasize
the fact that you're using such vulgar
language did it ever cross your mind
that maybe I'd do it censor the language
because maybe I have a broad audience
with some people who do get offended
like you oh do you bake videos border
billets log oh just go to faq and i'm
sure you'll have some information there
because they've changed it now they used
to allow you to have you no longer
allowance when you sign up for direct
account but no more the only reason
you've never been featured is because
your video you suck maybe my videos do
suck then what about 5,000 plus
subscribers I've got what about all the
featured videos I mean there's not one
of them suck there must be one or else
how am I ever gonna stand a chance
there we go yet thank you it'll do you
to get me right yeah yeah it's good to
let it well you know in this blog you've
been soaked Nemo I don't have my hair
over one eye and I don't listen to my
chemical romance honest and I don't make
depression of fashion Peter file scares
me he scares you well I guess you either
love it or you hate him but hey I have
just a trick view this might help you
with Peter file phobia subscribe
successors if you if I'll subscribe to
you if you subscribe to me is that cool
yeah yeah yeah is that all that's
subscribing to my channels worth to you
because your channel sucks get laid are
you that unsuccessful at getting laid
that you have to ask someone else to get
laid for you hey I'm subscribing yay I
hey oh you hate me right well I guess I
say we do have in common because I hate
you too after seeing that I'm
unsubscribing is this the part I beg
forgiveness hoping you'll resubscribe
because without you my videos are
nothing g'day mate and he picked on this
guy and it was a non he's a whiny little
bitch he's a sycophant step up be a man
oh no maybe I am a psycho fan and maybe
you're a drama seeker do you even know
what it means because for some reason I
think that if you didn't know what it
means you wouldn't use it against me
because that would just make you a
hypocrite and why would you want to make
yourself look like a hypocrite hey man I
was just wondering if you could tell you
what the ban was on that pig squealing
video and also how do you make video so
long because it won't allow me to make
them over 10 minutes
ah
