yeah also moles her I'm in my bathroom
sit on the floor slight desks parallel
510 anita in Kentucky and I'm since am I
to infer and three Simon here's my
promise with some one of his friends on
the balcony and I just want to chat kids
for some reason I feel better chance of
camera for five minutes and editing
outta then chat was well if I could find
something kids there's a quiter came
from Phil come Fight Club which I love
because it reflects the majority of
people and that is the only reason
people listen is because they're waiting
for that sounds talk you listen to
people when it's help you be in problems
and this computer looking so I decided
it's been a bit like than all the way
they hope Allah forgive it I look around
the hotel and I was going to a video
where I was filming all the miserable
faces because in a place like this as
you see how could you possibly be
miserable because you have everything
you could ever won it's all inclusive
it's great I cell etc it's a haven and I
was going to do a video where I'll
sneakily film all the miserable faces
and make a mockery of it but comes to
conclusions they though I may as well
filming at me tensions been building up
inside me for weeks and bounce now and
it's been a rollercoaster for me and
it's been non-stop that if you remember
the video the best is yet
that was the start of it and since I
made that video so much stuff has
happened and it's been non-stop whether
it be be me working to save up for this
camera the same up from a u.s. trip
doing my us trip traveling the world you
know you mean I'm achievers I drove all
around the UK me up of people sort out
gathering some of the issues I want to
talk about I know when I look back on
this is give me stuff I wish I had said
differently I wish I'd said which I had
said or I feel in a different state of
mind so I'm sorry this is not gonna have
any structure to it but I guess it's
just my train of thought one of them
space other than finds of someone I
haven't spoken to or I've never met by
chad from up from time to time and she
was a variable to go she said some am
the thing of me is when she talks to me
she feels like bitch there's nothing she
ever says where I don't already know it
and that's the same with most people up
conversation with me I'll jump the gun
because when they tell me something a
problem will give me advice it will
trigger a memory and then I'll know what
exactly they're talking about one my
head of the game makes life boring and
maybe I should be going back teeny
earlier the sep tember and continuing
with what i wanted to do expand my
knowledge I don't know I'm share this
right now
slight little things why mine YouTube
because YouTube's dominates in my life
nicely extend I'm not living because if
I wasn't living you won't be seeing me
doing the things I've done when I was
telling you about there being a really
close to right which speed on stop I've
every day since that the best is yet to
come might be doing something are now on
the wing turkey for two weeks and allow
those visual people just cuz people
miserable in a situation like this maybe
doesn't mean they're not grateful but
problems and state of mind is nothing to
do with materialism is to do with
emotion and problems in life you have
all the money in the world and you can
still be miserable and you could have
nothing and be happy to pass on the pan
I'm happy with the life of God although
the moment I've got a lot happening to
me and I feel like an hour control all
it's out of control I can choose the
right path possibly it was same happen
to me in San Francisco which very very
few people know someone flew out to San
Francisco and as a part of that amount
of me took me out for a meal and offered
me something life-changing alongside
that I'm currently in the process going
to central London to talk with radio
station about getting my own radio show
but precise about peridot you know I'm
trying to become a counselor and I need
to chase up all these being something
special you need to follow up these
people that being given me opportunities
I'm not staying here just throw it now
I'm not do anything about it but I guess
when I get back from so the key is like
whoa i would have paid off all my debts
to the PPO and my parents you've let me
money
for the u.s. trip sabio do I stop and I
would think so the big thing but along
the way on EEG basic people being saying
what sort of videos have you been doing
miles and people always that every video
they'll always be something too
disappointed he'll always tell me they
are subscribe do I care all i care but
in terms of its what they want to do if
they want to subscribe do it you know
because at the end of the day the people
I when watching my videos people who
enjoy it people you get site from it and
people miss the classic looks and the
reason I hadn't been doing them is
because every day has been so eventful
it's no longer me sitting in a
university you'll be more at home or
should I say okay less thing is the same
to talk about and then I talk about it's
like about my past it's been this is
what I'm doing today it's a part of all
these plans I've had go into the u.s.
every day st. was happening I've got
footage from the New York gathering from
the UK governor sir i will so much
footage which I just have an edited yet
cuz i have time and it's all i'm
addicted to youtube and it's not healthy
to a certain extent because it's not
wrecking my life i enjoy it and I still
go out and live my life I spend a very
small portion of my day doing YouTube
stuff but youtube when I told people it
always come back to YouTube because an
example is people asked a question and
what what do you like doing and I can
either take the time to explain it to
them or i can just go watch this video
because it so many people in YouTube who
are real and this is another issue
really as a mom too
bounce like a ping-pong ball in sorry
there are a lot of real people YouTube
but the reason a lot of people attracts
to me is because I'm a real person by
talk real I talk exactly what's on my
mind I talk sense about what's happening
in my life I've never like anything to
hide as some people who are real they
will make videos where they act it out i
do some acting i do a variety know but
what I do my login they'll do flux which
may be a comical and it's sort of like
it's nachi about them it's not about
what's up their half there are people
who do so I understand that not everyone
does that there are a few people but I
think that's what attracts people to me
but my point is that the facts that i am
so truthfully honest coming up to 200
videos now come out to a million views
5000 subscribers thank you so much
people my whole life's on the internet
and therefore you know it's as if that
because everything is documented almost
things are documented where does it go
into i have to start making more stuff
to document and it's just a bit crazy it
was something negative effects on my
life it won't be doing it comes from
that person to to make that decision
based also my space to reflect exist so
many people online i respect and just
throwing ideas out here on internet and
people care they'll come forward and
they'll email me and tell me what they
think and help me free something and
that's awesome i did a video last
naturally but it was from the 9th full
called midnight milling that's not talk
rafi back because i believe the video
and the reason was not because the
majority there might be because the
majority did like it but there was a few
people who took offense and therefore
made the judgment night by showing they
respect women in that video a normal
talk about is just to satisfy them and
so they do get some feedback from me I
can understand now but at the time there
was all of us in a room editing it
laughing in it sober and going they want
to be able YouTube let's do it and that
was why and people say it was
disrespectful for women I think it's all
talk to people i categorize people
although we are in categories if an
individual wants to do something why not
this didn't have fun but if the group of
peoples offended by that everyone has
opinions in life everyone has
differences in life and people have
different interpretations and this is
the big issue out youtube and i know
this was laid to rest the world back but
it's like the charlie incident i can
believe it when someone say hi about me
because he does what he does and maybe
his intentions were good but from our
actions it could be argued that they're
not he asked me to say sorry i said
sorry i explained myself but by then
he'd already had so many people my way
he threw to me thinking that you know
let's say find the cyber screen anything
they can get
to me but even if a hazer person coming
on youtube that says q and that's all it
says although I know you not to take
much nice because it's just somethings
quickly tie that but it does hit you
back a little bit and it's just it's
interesting but for someone to get 500
people's email me make videos blade be
something key it was just incredible and
that was just one video I made which I
expressed issues which were real people
want to see the real me and then I'll
show you the real thing and I have
thoughts or not a perfect person which
so many people think I am I made a
stupid mistake maybe a couple of myspace
some may think but in human and everyone
needs to look inside them and ask
themselves questions are you perfect and
the chances are you're not and you
probably have lots of skeletons in your
closet are not perfect but I could
probably tell you a couple of secrets
which if you heard it your respect for
me you would go through the roof because
I want to say is I'm not your average
going and you can interpret that any way
you want but the clues and the fact that
I said don't know i don't get often in
my life and that's gonna be a whole
another video which I'll probably talk
about soon I hope she's real girlfriend
by turned down because I'd rather have a
friendship and risk it the same that
could potentially go wrong why am I
looking this because on exposure myself
and you know why is because the majority
of people were about a good people and
then d come around and people are
respectful I've traveled I'm traveling
the world I traveled America a child
anywhere else me people off youtube
which very few people do and people say
I'm doing just a popular able you know
some point to do stuff which is just to
get bigger but the point is made by Alan
but isn't it about why my dinner and the
reason doing it is because when i
started by an email saying i like what
cut see you inspired me I don't get more
and more of them every day and Laura get
them want to push to get more exposure
because if I can inspire people to to be
truthful and be real and free themselves
from the book that runs through this
world and you know is that such a bad
thing where do my videos go from here
people as always period at this point in
but you know I don't even know what the
point this video is you tell me what the
point this video is he telling me again
from this because right now I've lost
all motivation with what I'm doing
because I'm sort of drifting in Oblivion
not sure where I'm going life so many
opportunities it's crazy and as I walk
away from this camera and begin editing
it already think of stuff though I
wanted a sale why I should not said
something but then I have a twist a
little but most of time when I do videos
i leave stuff in because I want people
to see the real me and it's interesting
how you do want video if you would go on
subscribing and it's like because you
don't want me to be honest you know not
everyone agrees about everything in life
and it sank you got accept and it's a
common thing like if I do something
wrong and examples i was going to meet
up with something
and I was ill that they and they states
now tobago you can sell more stuff than
that and they said I'm sure you'd be the
same as like now I'm not because if
people they were my legs slide my move
on I've got such good temperament of
people i have patience which so many
people don't have I get older miss my
family all the time because they'll fry
to me in arguments and I'm always saying
calm about it why the other day my mom
was not treating me like I was 20 and
was sent at the table and she was really
exhausting well Michelle how pathetic
was that other people could and my dad
came behind me and said I don't you to
look at me but I make a scene in this
restaurant and I told her when I said oh
look at you in the face because we're
adults and we should be able to chat to
each other in the face and he went now
I've got to make a scene he goes he
treats him a border state and I said can
I ask you one question and he goes well
sir I when do you think it was one way
he goes he goes yes it was I said well
no it wasn't he goes fine they don't
tell my opinion then it was just so
closed minded and then he sounds hit the
table me and Chad to me with everyone
else on the table friends and that as if
nothing had happened and is it means he
faced it's like he confronts at me and
then you can move on and ice listen I
like salty later to which he said he
said all boats TARDIS it's like you
start the situation so you want to
finish it and I don't know how do I show
you the world that I've got good
patience when people slag me off
question my integrity if people know
every time I put a video up it was with
the best of intention okay sometimes of
those stupid videos of sometimes I say
stupid things that sometimes I maybe
things which may be disrespectful
women which in my opinion wasn't but
it's all about opinion right the point
is doing cross-check doing if I'm
putting up videos on YouTube do I
research everything sinfully it it's the
moral dilemma of humanity and society
because not everyone agrees everyone has
different views because everyone has
different mentalities and it's the
reason that grieves fool is because
there are coincidences and people cling
together because they want to keep
people with the same ideals close to
their heart this is being a random vlog
and if you've got this far I can thank
you a little / sign in the description
box and that something is something i
right a while back films critical a word
of advice which someone if you remember
and so have you been interested and on a
rip in our old video the link expires or
I put it back up there now and this was
st. my phone with all my heart when I
was younger if I never managed to get it
made into a film so download it read it
and get back to me and my next video
it's going to be about the film scripts
as well and I don't know what my next
year's gonna be either I what direction
so I take what do you people want to see
it should be about what I want but why
one is keeping people happy and if
there's I just don't know anymore I just
don't know
I'm are miles blade 376 and i'm
officially placing in Oblivion so I'll
speak to scene thanks for listening to
me and as I've always said sometimes
it's nicer to talk to a camera which
will go out into the whole wide world
until it reaches people care or people
who want to scrutinize me as opposed to
me chained to people who may be close to
my heart who when I talk to the only
gonna go to my mind is are they really
listening or are they just waiting for
their turn to talk thank
