why stay free and we are heading to
Berkeley Telegraph Avenue shopping areas
I just want to show this waiver because
this weather is fantastic just never
seen such blue sky in my life I can't
even see a cloud I'm looking I'm looking
now well I've always said what videos
are uploaded so you have a good idea of
the time frame well it's the first of
July today and I have just put up the
video on the twenty-ninth which was me
just walking around San Francisco saying
I'd arrived in there so yeah I'm a bit
I'm a almost two days behind videos but
I'll catch up soon or later so yeah I'm
going to stop talking now so we're at
the telegraph and this is it here just
down there there's lots of great stores
here and what I found was hot topic
which is right behind me just up there
in England we don't have any of these
sort of stores though online in that but
you know this one's you can walk around
and I just found this as a window and
it's the first time I've actually seen
its like the 10 that I've actually
wanted so i'm going to go in there and
try it out and see if it matches me so
let's go
and I just want to say that if you ever
come here be where you will spend lots
of money because there are lots of good
shops and hot topic which just went to
is what I'd calling them quite seem
still we don't have any of them really
maybe in central London but not anyway
and then they spend one hundred and
thirty dollars they're literally bought
the outfit which is shown in the window
which I was very happy with and I also
bought this ring for the 35 bucks and I
also got this pendant
I fear factory one because obviously
they're very close to heart so I want to
keep it that way and yesterday when I
went to San Fran I got the hard rock
cafe sure you wanna hold actually and
then I'll turn around there we go that
was it but it's been a good day yeah yes
you're not being on camera enough would
you aboard you made of our trip yeah and
I'm all my light compared to online for
that exactly the same so there we go so
you weren't too disappointed awesome but
uh I think we're gonna start heading
back now but this area is awesome they
just got so CD shops and that you know
$15 max for a music CD when I'm paying
15 pounds back iron which is about
thirty dollars so awesome
you
