yeah I'm with Jesus right now a game
that we've been introduced to I think
it's an Australian thing is where you
point at the ground and you do your
curiosity as we see how many people will
look but we're going to do it from a
distance at Rachel it's gonna hold the
camera hello and we're going to start
over any point so this is how you play
urban pointing so first of all you need
to find a crowded area make sure people
walk in both ways like a walkway or
somewhere busy like that and then just
step in the middle of the crowd and
point at the ground where there's
absolutely nothing and the idea is to
get each market walking past to stare
down at the ground where you're pointing
and for every market that does you get a
point however if any of the bypasses are
to snap find out what you're up to then
it's game over so the idea is to get as
many of them to stare down at the ground
without getting caught and that's it
urban pointing
what
what
what
what
so there you have it urban pointing can
you beat the score of 14 before someone
in the crowd snaps post up your video
responses now and a big thanks to
caitlin hill and rachel hudson a dios
until next time
