so tonight Saturday and we're gonna san
fran walsh lame the tripod bark bark
bark bark bay area rapid transit say one
was home bay area rapid transit bay area
rapid transit that people are really wit
on the bart aunts light rail for
transporting people yeah Keegan look
this might be a 10-minute video and what
the part is to keep ended um those thing
called tracks like trains have them it's
got a look at your third rail he's
actually gonna do 10 minute so I don't
leave your mother
that would have looked like a much
better shot at the door not just in
front of me okay so we're just gonna go
feed oh it's great
we got a little light down halo ce way I
really actually go under the banner saga
while 200 that's quite fun
two girls on that mark
officially now in san fran it's a she
before is this the is this the
temperature is quite cool Wow yeah and
already
what's this really have no idea how is
in sight rule kuwait our point wait and
what's up there uh oh cool that's like a
it's like a landmark yeah pretty
distinct yeah I don't really know much
about it don't care to avoid it what
sort of stuff is on the bay area like
water crabs and go cook right now takes
place like it every time he gives a list
of things he'll just say blah blah blah
and and obviously still going to get
bleeped out so I'm going to try and
capture late on to be cited for out
today because all he says is targeted
our sailing surfing voting it and so bad
was it Wow what's this this is massive
what's in here what's this place Bowers
limos
right so in sanfran we have stupid
vehicles like that one
could you wave there we go awesome say
that's what San Fran's all about is
people and stupid vehicles way but when
you say way is even the little things
you find amazing like fire trucks
that's it yeah man let's do it so we're
going to the aquarium of the bay dead
balls no
obviously knew how many how many dolls
with it thirteen dollars 95 i'm saving
that by giving you the tool myself this
is also very
see
surfer say
see if I was a shark I'd look like
Angola he's actually got hands but you
know sharks don't think before they buy
Marland email
the moa coaches night who's my tin miner
uh Michael Jackson
well it's pretty close it's a fish yet
shall I mind that pretty cool they keep
themselves but some little really smug
on this one page steadily as I'd always
doing up there in the tree
I'm a staring contest within reason
upon him somewhere so you see these
carrying machines in it if it an echo in
dropping every guy yeah suspense is
killing me yeah
what about you have what was it change
annoying
this look are they yeah all that time so
I take it back the female it annoys me
right though about this is you give them
money for a tray and it's fish what
we're gonna do with money you just for
money and then I'm gonna do till then
they haven't got hands just it just
annoys me I don't think about it for
like do it
okay this morning a little smug coolness
is no I'm sorry I'm so depressed yes I'm
Sam I'm so depressed she's a retired
countries
so to come out the aquarium learn lots
about the sea life now I would save them
you know looking at and appreciating how
could they are semi-cool we'd come to
get more Carver fish house to eat the
fish I'm looking down here how them so
be honest I'm pretty underdressed this
is a really sorry and I'm looking down
the menu that's amazing $44 me guessing
it hey I just complain about how this
guy was intimidated mates they came and
they gave me a knife and a nutcracker
with a love you with a lemons on the
wound after so you're not going to see
what they me anymore you better some
sort yeah it's finally here so I still
like me tank earlier not so much that
nice big like you
I five that was really really good what
I also like here's all the already wit
see signs of over and just wanted to say
metropolis pilaris
yo genius thank God
thank you for allowing me to show me the
way and allow me to find the temple I've
been looking for throughout my entire
life look at this Christ you know yeah
very nice man right now in one of my
previous videos I put the question to
you has anyone seen a baby pigeon well
they say in a baby pigeon but it's a
black one which I've never seen because
we have very ones you ever seen anything
like it I haven't see if we could do the
the predator creeping up on it Oh
Wow
I you scared it
wasn't that beautiful distracting mother
nature like that right we're heading
back now I just mean a great low and
adios
