so in concord in san fran with my friend
Rachel how's it going so yeah we're
about 40 minutes outside San Francisco i
right last night after one hour by plane
I wasn't going to take a nine-hour coach
ride um so I don't know where we go now
I've just uploaded a video about
Scientology which should be up by the
time I get back
so just been in the town will slam this
town Conakry Sagan vana creek Bravo
closet without the blur she went to a
ring store just got this room I think
it's already cool thirty dollars and two
dollars added tax this is saying about
here in England it's all included in the
price but in America you think you've
got the right money together and then
they just slap you in the face with tax
I just walking past you know enjoying
the nice view I've learned about them
over here is there really rubbish it
parking their shopping trolleys because
you know you where would you park a
shopping trolley at the seat at the
supermarket here they have the little
babies you pop them in but some people
like misinterpret missing you know
miscalculate how you do it and they end
up down there just like that
so yeah just another point of view think
they should introduce some schemes at
schools with problem solving for the
kids so they understand like the best
way of parking trolleys and out once
they finish their shopping cheers you
don't get many peopIe did when you
and that's how she knows where our
houses
he doesn't live in it like
it's some boys at I know it's just
before midnight on Friday night and I'm
just about to add at this video a budget
for it say that sailed in now just back
from seeing live free or die hard may is
a movie but this ain't a film review
this is just me saying oh I've sailed in
now and this week is going to be awesome
and with me is Sean it and Rachel and
we've got some screeching hours i was
told about when i first came here which
keeps everyone awake and this is what
I'm sleeping tonight and if you can
listen you here
so yeah you've heard that for just a few
minutes I could have left it for 10
minutes but I've got to deal with it all
night so this is just may sign I've
settled in now and I'll speak to you
soon this week sandy Wilson a tea ice
that's really starting to bug me now
