a conservative commentator has been
banned from speaking on a university
campus typical lefties an
african-american man gets sucker-punched
at a trump rally that's the right wing
for you anti-trump protesters have been
setting fires and throwing rocks at
police so much for the tolerant left a
white supremacist decided to plow his
car into a crowd of protesters typical
violent right-wing fascists society
feels incredibly divided on one side we
have a bunch of commie virtue signaling
regressive leftists and a load of
fascist self-serving ideological
right-wingers on the other or at least
that's the impression some loud voices
would like to have us believe but let's
just stop and think about this for a
moment if I were to ask you which of
these two extremes you most identify
with I'm pretty sure the vast majority
of you would say neither of them and yet
when we look at discussion on social
media around some of the world's most
pressing issues there are people who
just can't resist boiling everything
down to the binary of left and right
labels that over time have morphed into
increasingly negative and grotesque
caricatures reflecting the worst
elements of our society and by being
caricatures they fail to represent the
nuanced complexity and character of the
mainstream so how did we get here
well for one the digital age is creating
an environment where we are on a daily
basis bombarded with mass information
leaving many of us still trying to
figure out how to deal with it it's only
natural therefore that we seek
extensions of our pre-existing
worldviews patterns simplicity
stereotypes and ultimately labels now
it's worth stressing that this isn't
anything new it's a trend that has long
existed in traditional news media for
decades when a dog bites a man that is
not news because it happened so often
but if a man bites a dog that is news is
it any wonder why so many news stories
of rare behavior and events offer
negative dominate the news agenda let's
consider our own struggles we try to
grapple with mass information while
navigating through an environment where
media outlets offer us worldviews
through the lens of selective simplicity
firstly when new stories are presented
with emphasis on the most extreme and
negative
aspects it is easy to lose sight of the
wider picture which actually may be more
positive and substantive for example if
millions protest and several of violence
media coverage and discussion will
rarely be weighted towards the wider
community and the issues they wish to
address this in turn reinforces the
warped perceptions that these labels
reinforce secondly when it comes to
discussing difficult issues it takes a
lot more time and energy to do so in a
nuanced manner as opposed to putting
emphasis on slogans and blame in order
to win the argument thirdly in the age
of hyper information the world can be
very daunting due to its size and
complexity so when we are inundated with
negative news stories associating them
with a clear enemy can make us feel more
in control if there is an opportunity to
pin a negative news story to a personal
group who stands for the opposite of
what you believe in
the easy path is to do just that that's
helping build up these caricatures and
labels in the process this in turn helps
justify the exertion of energy towards
extremes which aren't necessarily
reflective of wider society so what can
be done by each of us to help with this
situation well for all of us who do not
identify with any of these extremes
continue to resist being dragged into
one camp or another aim to build common
ground across the entire landscape of
shared ideas and values in an attempt to
bring people towards you as opposed to
pushing those who disagree away stay
willing to accept that life and its
issues require nuanced discussion and
solution building and recognize that
constructive progress can only be
achieved by exploring the detail of
differences we hold if you see someone
using labels don't respond with insults
or slogans of your own instead ask them
to clarify and unpack the labels they
have presented because if they choose to
do that you steer the conversation into
the realms of productive substance now I
know that's easier said than done
and of course not everyone will do you
the respect of listening to your opinion
the more we look to empathize and
establish common ground the higher the
potential for healthy and productive
discourse because by assuming labels and
stereotypes we give these caricatures
strength and allow extremes to become
more reflective of our society than they
actually are
