hey everyone hope all is well I wasn't
sure if I was going to be able to film
here this week because I've been doing
some major decorating the floors have
been completely redone fortunately it
was awake a and my feet feel really nice
right now bouncing on the carpet
I've spoken quite a lot in the past
about well-being and recovery because of
the huge journey I've been on but I've
always talked about it from quite a
conceptual point of view what have I
learned what is my advice to people out
there who are going through adversity
themselves I've had some comments and
emails from you guys saying that you
just want an actual update and the thing
with video blogging is it's important to
give some context and so I've thought
today I would just explain about the
puzzle that has been my life so first
things first my health and well-being
the biggest problem with my head injury
was for the first year in a bit there
was no sign of what the damage actually
was I had a CT scan it all came out
clear there was no fracture there was no
physical damage but clearly there was
something wrong even to this day I'm
still a bit numb on the left side of my
face I occasionally get headaches
several months ago the physical problems
were finally identified which I was so
relieved to hear I went through
something called vestibular balance
testing in which I sat in a chair they
put this headset on which I could look
through and there were mirrors and
cameras underneath so they could
actually track my eye movement and as I
look to the left I could see some big TV
monitors with my eyeballs on them it
kind of felt like clockwork orange' or
something
but then it got weirder they recline my
chair like a dentist one and they closed
the front of the headset so I was
completely blinded they then decided to
blow hot air in my right ear they didn't
hurt it was just quite uncomfortable
they turned on a red light in the helmet
so I could see it and I had to keep
focusing on it and the dots kept moving
and I realized very quickly that I was
dizzy and why I kept trying to track it
they then took the front of the headset
off so I could see out and I had to wait
a good 5 minutes for the dizziness to
stop it was intense they then did this
with my left ear on the side of my head
where the impacts have happened but when
the red
was shown it stayed still they
discovered that I had damage to my left
middle ear because the air that they
were blowing in the temperature should
have agitated the liquid which then
affects your balance and it was doing it
a lot for my right ear but not for my
left so I've now got 12 months of
vestibular balance and rehabilitation
therapy which should be interesting
another part of living I had to rebuild
was my social life because in the early
stages of my recovery I was at home all
the time not doing much at all I've now
been going out a lot more I am a social
person never mind being a human being a
social biological machine that needs
communication needs closeness with
others and actually going through
cognitive behavioral therapy it made me
realize how distant I had become with
other people over the course of two
years it was such a slow decline that I
didn't really notice it until it was
really bad another puzzle piece of my
life that has been slotted back in is
hobbies for those that don't know I am a
vocalist for a band called schemata
theory and last Sunday we had a hometown
show the audience was incredible we came
on to a audio clip from the Shrek movie
and then we played all star by Smash
Mouth and it went down really well and a
good friend of ours Chris was doing the
sound that day and it's never sounded
bigger it was epic a song it really did
justice for was our single horror show
that came out earlier this year we have
a music video online that you should
check out but if it's not your cup of
tea that's such a British thing I did a
spoken-word version of the song as well
my band is a really important part of my
life because I think music is the spirit
of the soul I've always been a lyricist
and a poet throughout my life and the
music that we create as a band is a
lovely canvas to then imprint these
words of meaning on and also I have the
privilege of playing in a band with very
good friends of mine I love them dearly
and through my recovery process they've
been so immensely supportive probably
because I have been a true head banger
in the literal sense another part of my
hobbies is gaming and this became quite
a destructive force
over the last couple years because
although I'm a big gamer that was all I
was doing when I was stuck at home but
unfortunately this became a hangover of
when I started working and I was needing
to get my fitness up and go out and be
social I was still in that mindset of
just using gaming to get a quick fix of
pleasure but as we all know a lot of
games these days can be a real drain on
time but I think I've got a really good
balance now I sometimes stream now I'm
gonna try and make it a weekly thing on
twitch TV for slash miles dire and in
terms of what games I've been playing
lately
no man sky and uncharted for which in my
mind is a masterpiece
moving on activism I'm now being asked
to give talks again which is a real
honor and so next month I'm going to be
speaking at thinking digital in
Manchester alongside people from NASA
Twitter and Google I'm gonna be there
discussing my youtube story and what
I've learned the past 10 years on the
platform and the emerging talent fund
are giving away 25 tickets to this event
via competition I've made a video for
them explaining what that is the
deadline is on September the 12th so if
you are interested please visit the link
that I've put in the description of this
video and hopefully I'll see some of you
there and a couple of months ago I was
invited by rights watch to the House of
Lords to attend a committee meeting in
which they reviewed prevent a government
policy that has been used to make
schools more vigilant about signs of
potential radicalization with their
pupils and how this has been a complete
disaster I'm going to be covering this
in a future video because it is a
fascinating subject
and obviously civil liberties or
something quite close to me but I
mention these things because getting
invited to such events again has really
lifted my spirits and makes me feel that
I'm back in the game with not just being
an activist who makes videos which is
important I believe this is an important
education platform but it means I can
also get out there on the ground to
enact my activism as well and I got
informed yesterday that I'm in PR
weeklies 50 hot new influences wherever
I'm new that's debatable but I'm
incredibly grateful so
relevant again yay and the last puzzle
piece I'm going to talk about is work
and notice I didn't say final puzzle
piece because technically the human
puzzle is never completed it's an
ongoing process I am now self-employed
something I've never done in my life
before
it's quite a scary process because
currently I am NOT a self-sustaining
level but I've gone at it wholeheartedly
I worked on a government scheme in which
I put together a business plan a three
year cash flow spreadsheet and I've set
up patreon and although I've mentioned
it at the end of most of my videos I am
going to be doing another video about it
in the not-too-distant future
explaining what my strategy is and why I
need the help of all of you out there
but all I'll say now is things are going
really really well I knew that coming
back to YouTube and starting on Facebook
was going to be difficult because I have
10 years of audience and some of them
will go away as I start making new
content but I'll build new audiences as
well and if you actually look at my
channel since May I've been having a net
loss of subscribers every month but that
net loss is decreasing and so by halfway
through November I should start having
net gains over the last few years every
time I made a video I would lose
subscribers and it would prevent me from
having the confidence to keep going
whereas this time I said you know what
I'm gonna make weekly videos I've got an
idea of what I want to do I want to
become an educator online about world
events well-being futurism value systems
and I am so grateful for those of you
that have stuck around and all the
newcomers that have decided to join the
ride with me it's going to be a very
exciting three years I have a very
ambitious plan but my priority right now
is to become self-sustaining by the end
of this year as a self-employed
individual it's going to be difficult
kind of scary but it is achievable
through freelance work as a consultant
of video strategy for various
organizations but mainly through patreon
which is where you guys come in because
I love being an educator this is my
passion I think so much can be done with
this channel if we grow it and we then
build it into a platform for multiple
channels and shows but I want to do that
without being beholden to any
corporation or large organization and
that's why grassroots funding is so
important I am definitely gonna be
talking about this more in future but
for now I have patreon set up you can
support me for as little as one dollar a
month and honestly if you did that that
would be amazing my target for this
month
in September is to get another 40 people
to sign up so that could be 40 dollars
so if you haven't already please do
check out my patreon page I've got a
long list of rewards we have weekly live
shows I send out monthly newsletters I
write blog posts after every video I
post online I send out personal
postcards I give out shout outs there's
lots going on and what is really great
about the patreon community is I'm very
transparent I say this is where we are
in terms of statistics grow figures and
what content is coming up we discuss all
that it's a community and I really want
to keep it that way so if you believe in
what I do and can spare one dollar a
month please do get involved so that is
where I am in the world of work so
that's it from me this week it felt a
bit weird doing this just because I
haven't done sort of a personal update
vlog in a long time and because if the
content I've been doing recently this
feels a bit out of sync but it is
important to let you know how I'm doing
so I'm not just talking about the issues
but you know how it's going for the
messenger as well and I did have another
video lined up this week but because of
the chaos of decorating etc it just
wasn't possible I've now had all this
quickly set up and I thought point talk
and shoot that sounds good don't forget
you can stay in contact with me by a
Twitter Instagram snapchat Facebook and
YouTube
please subscribe and follow if you
haven't already I post videos every
Thursday on YouTube and for
book and thank you as always for all
your support I love you all and I've
been getting quite emotional recently
because I'm getting better like I'm in a
really good place now I'm not all the
way there but looking back it's been a
long journey and I've been very
emotional over the past couple of years
but that's always been out of
desperation frustration concern have
been stuck in the wilderness forever
whereas now it's it's out of relief and
thankfulness and the messages that
you've been sending me however a simple
tweet comments or even a long detailed
email they all mean a lot and although I
don't always get to respond to them I do
read them and I I don't take you for
granted so thank you so much for
watching and I will see you next
Thursday I do it til next time
