I peel that smaller blade 376 and I've
just got a new camera now which is
amazing it's really tiny it's hard disk
so there's no tape and it's easy to
upload and I can edit on this camera and
so I'm really glad I've got it now and I
was trying to think of a video to try
out with before it comes to the states
to make sure I can edit with it okay etc
and I thought well my last video was
about one aspect of one coming to the
States minor in terms of its going to be
very quickly resolved and an outcome
will happen very quickly as soon as I
arrived in LA and drive those 20 minutes
but another aspect I guess is another
tiny one and I'll get to the reason at
the end of the video
I'm sure you'll work out though and the
issue is on heroes we all have heroes in
life some people it's to some they
idolize to the extent of they just think
they've done a great job at what they've
done and it's inspired and in terms of
they feel that they can do what they've
done but for me it's a bit more
complicated because the inspiration I've
got from my hero although some of it is
directly from what he's done it's also
about the aura of him and who he is and
what he stands for I guess and there are
some times I've been inspired by him
which isn't actually anything directly
to do with him but for some reason he's
given me that energy to go on and do
wife wanted to do so I thought I'd tell
you about I've always wanted to talk
about him and I guess I'll talk about
and now his name's Burton C Bell
he's a vocalist in that heavy metal band
with Fear Factory which is one of the
greatest male bands of all time arguably
I think so based on the fact that they
were when the first bands to ever have
heavy vehicles and melodic vocals which
is so common in today's metal scene I
was a very simple person when I was
about 12
younger at school and I played drums and
a basic rock band but I didn't really
have any inspiration to do anything I
mean I was creative alright the
creativity that I have now but it wasn't
it was undeveloped and one day I was
looking at the TV on the music channel
Quran there was ban fear factory and
they were talking about a new album
coming out called digi mortal and they
played a song it's called linchpin and I
listened to this song and for some
reason although I was in sermilik
I was into eighties pop music a lot
there was a bit of a vibe there but it
also had heavy vehicles and it was
heavy metal as well and the contrast
just blew me away the focus blew me away
the whole music blew me away and
therefore I bought the album and I
entered the world of metal I've became
more open-minded with the music and what
I began to do was the album grown me so
the heavy elements of it grew on me and
I began buying their albums in reverse
order starting from their newest album
to their earliest which was from the
1990s
so I'd buy an album a list to it then
yeah this is pretty good and it grow on
me as I'm saving that money for the next
album and in reverse order going back
from their newest that all this stuff
has become subjective it's a heavy and
heavy music and hence why the early
stuff I was death metal and therefore on
into some death metal today this amazing
I'll stop having to know everything
happens for a reason
and metal has had a big influence on my
life the elements Burton C Bell himself
talks about it was it was a lot about
man versus machine about humanity and
what we're becoming and it was just a
fascinating theory and concept in many
extents from each album and they just
blew me away and I'd want to tell people
about it people for to the music too
seriously they ruin my life and it made
me become too obsessive but I was just
wow I was blown away by it and I became
a great fan of the band and I became a
great fan of him but the thing I find
about anything in life is if it's a
Harry or if it's someone maybe on
YouTube who may be considered a
celebrity with the eg people like
brunettes only people like this my
argument for that is the reason they
have that status is because they're
untouchable they're intangible you know
they're they're somewhere in this world
out of the billions of people there are
but they're at one place right now
walking about and you'd like to meet him
and the only way you can connect with
them is through what they release their
videos their music and that was for
burnsy bail and he was a hero I
perceived him as a God to a certain
extent I mean I didn't worship him but
he had he was a figure who kept me going
in life when I had tough times I don't
know I just got this energy and it was
great and I wanted to meet him I sent
him emails and looking back on the
emails I sent him I understand why I
wrote him I just felt they were a bit
too intense I didn't want to freak him
out and then I start apologizing for the
previous mail was sent and I don't know
I guess he appreciates it but you know
he's a human being that will have
preferences and maybe he didn't like
what I said and some stuff and maybe he
did or maybe thought idolized him too
much I don't know but he did a side
project and the interesting thing with
Fear Factory was almost to see him live
my mum was like no again campaigners
right now I wanna go see him maybe you
can see him any other time we'll say
split up and I was guided absolutely
devastated but they reformed and Burton
C Bell did a side project called
ascension the Watchers which is right
hamdeen I don't know it wasn't much but
in genres hurts like I wait for it but
it's chilled music it's great and I
think that it really reflects who he is
as a person and because you know I think
he's a great guy and he appeals to me a
lot his music appeals to me and because
he's had such an influence on my life I
feel that I owe him so I've been doing
so much information
for it not as much now because it's got
a bit quiet but yeah and it's really
awesome music which I've actually got in
the background of this vlog and I'll put
in the description box the website check
out the music I highly recommend getting
or it's a great project I the fact that
I said that I feel like Island doesn't
mean that I feel that it's a need to
it's a wit a willingness to that you
know I I'm not I'd like to do it I'd
like to help out and I guess it's a way
of closing the gap between me and him
you know show my support you know I'm a
true fan and I want to help him you know
do what he wants to do cuz if what he
does inspires me then surely I want him
to do more of it you know help you know
inspired me more and I really wanted to
meet him and went to Fear Factory gigs
and never met him and the first time we
said yeah we'll meet up and we met up
and it was the most amazing experience
ever and I've got just over here my
laptop set up I'll read you an extracts
from it it's on my myspace I'll put a
link in the description so you can read
the full thing well after the show at
11:00 p.m. I went straight outside and
did the classic waiting I had done the
previous two years in hope I'd meet the
band but mainly Burton as he was the one
I had never had the chance to meet I
spent a good hour looking around the
back of the Astoria the front and at my
watch hoping that he would come out
before I had to catch the last tube
train back to Paddington Station in the
underground where I'd then get home
Luke is a guy I had gotten unwell with
so well and he was always being
respectful with me so anything he said I
did take on board he said how it was
like deja vu previous years to which I
laughed and that if I was not to make
him I definitely would next time.bye
couldn't wait any longer this had to be
it
11:55 p.m. and the front door opened for
the one millionth time but this time it
was not workers of this story for Burton
C Bell I couldn't believe it but try to
keep my cool he walked through a grape
and I tapped him on the shoulder and
said hey burn it smiles to which you
applied oh hey
miles how's it going this bad accent and
I went great Shay so what you doing now
not sure just waiting for the bus I'll
be back in a minute he then walked over
to the roadie standing on the side of
the road with all the equipment and
where he was swarmed by lots of fans I
was about to walk over when they
suggested I should stay put considering
Burton said he would be back I was
hoping this wouldn't turn into a
nightmare where the bus would arrive and
he would hop on out speaking to me but
surely enough after he satisfied many of
his fans with having pictures taken he
called me over hey miles come over here
I went over and he shook my hand and as
you can imagine I was shocked I got into
signing ascension Watchers card though I
was sent lots of when I was doing
promotion work for them and also my
section the Watchers sure I made three
years ago the free is prior to that and
of course I had my pitch take of him we
then had a good 10 minute chat in front
of all the other fans about things and
like everyone says he's such a
down-to-earth guy
they say that you shouldn't meet your
heroes and because you you might be
disappointed but you know that was a
part of it I wanted to meet him and you
know have this or be shattered because
he's just a human like you and I and I
did get that but furthermore a bonus he
was a down-to-earth guy exactly as I
expected low aspects the conversation
just made me smell so much because I
couldn't believe he remembered me from
my emails and they started playing
because off face blur they never played
dizzy mortal and dizzy model is the
album that got me into Fear Factory and
although it may not be their strongest
musically it's so atmospheric and it
means a lot to me and they're starting
to play it again at gigs and lynchpin
which was the song that got me into Fear
Factory they played at that gig and
Jesus blew me away before I left he said
how much he appreciated my efforts to
support ascension Watchers which is his
side-project
and I told him that I'd do what I can in
the future to help his project even more
he gave me a hug and we'll had a group
picture
and he fired he said I by the way I
believe this is yours I found it on
stage and he pulled out from the inside
of his jacket pocket a sticker of a
sense of the Watchers which I free on
stage during the gig he went I found
this on
age no way he handed it back to me to
whom I replied no you can keep it I'm
sure you don't have one
actually I don't and so he kept it Luke
expressed the whole meeting in the - in
two words which I think described it so
very well overkill for the whole journey
home from the moment I left the story -
the moment I was lying in bed I was
speechless that after all this time I
was finally able to meet my idol and
that he remembered so much about me I
woke up the next morning with a painful
neck from head banging ringing is from
the immense sound bleeding lungs from
the shouting and still a static from the
whole day which was so great and so I
typed up what happened so I will always
remember what an amazing day it was
blatantly the best day of my life
and if I just guy over here in my room
then if you can see it got framed up
here the shirt that you signed got here
the cards they signed he gave me guest
entrance which was also and that was the
card just some other little goodies but
you know getting back to the point I
noticed minute long video I've been in
contact with him from time to time and
you know he takes the time to reply to
me it's just amazing and I'm sure he'll
be seeing this and but if you're
watching this you know hope this is a
good expression of you know what an
impact you've had on my life and you
know it's just really good man and keep
doing what you're doing I contacted him
recently and getting to the point of how
this relates to my America trip I go to
LA on Thursday well let's just say I got
in contact with him in he said he might
be in New York when I'm in New York from
the sick for July - the night of July
and if he is we'll be meeting up and if
he's in the studio I might be going in
the studio with him and I'll be sure to
vlog about it you know if it's cool with
him and if it happens . again it might
not happen but if it happens
the thing with the the time I met him
last time was although I managed to ask
him so much there was so much I didn't
get to ask it because in front of other
people when it was personal and in an
interview when he refilled with the band
he said he never felt the need to
express himself and they asked him why
and he went I don't know but he's now
opening up with his beliefs and that and
you got YouTube and search Burton C Bell
there was a metal hammer thing waves
took nice his views on the politics
United States and every time I watch him
say something he's not pretentious he's
not someone who's you know I've got the
best argument but he's just so real when
he's open-minded and you know I feel
that the reason I am Who I am today the
reason I'm doing these YouTube videos
the reason I've got the confidence I
have today may not be totally formed by
what he's done or what the band's done
but he started it he was the spark that
started me on the path of you know going
good in life and I'm 20 now I've got
many more years to go but I think that
for the rest of my life you know
I will remember the times I've met him
and I hope to stay in contact them and I
hope to have a proper like one-on-one
chat with him sometime because there's
still things I'd like to ask him and
yeah that's it so I guess a question to
you is who are your heroes and how they
influenced you I'd be you know tell the
world you know I think they appreciate
when you acknowledge it's one thing them
you know influence and people but when
you acknowledge it back and show where
you are and what you're doing I'm sure
they'd appreciate it and with the
internet now people can communicate with
whoever they want and you know I
communicate with my hero and I'm sure
that if you did a video expressing who
it is is your hero and how they first
you put it up on YouTube find an email
address email them let them know you
know because unless they know that
they're doing the right thing and
they've you know unless they know
they're doing good for people you know
they they may not keep doing what they
doing now so this has been a long video
and I think this is the last video I'll
be doing before I head off to the US so
thank you for tuning in people and I'll
see you around
I'm really looking forward to this I'm
nervous about the states but because I'm
traveling on my own but it should work
out good so
