question six
question 11 me
questions Wednesday
question 20
question 35
forty-seven
that was close
and I got so far okay so alight you're
not gonna win a million dollars from
playing this quiz but you know what I
think you should because I've never
completed it and I don't know anyone who
has completed it but you know so I think
if I completed it I should be giving
them in in dollars but you know ya ain't
gonna happen so sorry to disappoint you
there
so I always considered doing these sort
of blocks where I usually go in very
addicting games flash games across the
internet you know in your free time if
you have a spare minute and a lot of
them are pretty good and I had an idea
of maybe putting a challenge here and
there where maybe I get a school and
you've got to try and beat it and I
thought maybe do as a separate show I
don't know but you know tell me what you
think but for this one I went through
those questions pretty quickly simply
because I knew most because I've done
them before and it's the impossible quiz
it's not impossible though and I'm sure
many of you have played it before I'll
put the link in the description box and
it's just a challenge really can you get
further than I did
gotta use logic sometimes it's guessing
there might be logic for them I swear
something I just guess work I think I'll
go up to questions 65 where there's the
epochal is happening and meteors are
falling down you gotta press the right
answer quickly I've done that twice and
I got them wrong both times be if he can
beat me let me know and tell me what
question you've got up to so far and so
on who I spoke to from University said
he got to 106 I don't know how he did
that well you know it's possible you got
to spend a lot of time so my question to
you is can you complete the impossible
quiz I'd love to hear your results
what
