please work yes hi guys at smiles blade
376 here now I wasn't gonna make a video
well not for a few days anyway but it's
amazing when people say how do you think
of videos what inspires you and to be
honest I think with most people it's in
the moment what is happening now and I
was just outside making a phone call
because receptions pretty bad in here
and I saw the most amazing thing outside
well I think it's amazing and then train
of thought happens and I thought or
protect a picture and I thought about
what it is on that show using the graphs
right now I'm putting a lot complete
weirdo walking around this laptop but
just get it down at the Villa now I
don't think it's going to show you that
will do you serve over there to Freddie
gray and dark many people come to that
it's very bright and light
cheers so on you're wondering whether
I'm holding the left all others I don't
if it came out well on the camera house
standing out there oh I saw was in the
sky was that she left to me that was
sunlight shining bright across the
weather in the sky was gray and dark
which was the left side but as he looked
on the right it was dark here on the
ground but behind it was bright sunlight
so what is it I'm going to talk about
well it just made me think about
contrast and of course contrast is when
there's a difference between two
separate things and I looked at the sky
and I for really bribe their read arc
but it it amazed me I don't understand
why when you see to split contrast are
thinking more about the weather you know
dark clouds burst bright clouds I've had
conversations before about your favorite
type of weather and I said mine was when
it's really hot and sunny but it's also
raining which two completely opposite
things or win as a funder store but
there's bright sunshine as well so I was
out there trying to fault going through
my head and I was thinking of other
things to deal with contrast and I
thought of another really good one which
was music now as a lot of you know I'm
into my heavy music but people usually
get complete all people usually make the
assumptions that because I'm into heavy
music I just like shouting which isn't
true music that appeals to me has
contrast I like music the cage really
heavy but goes very melodic as well I
don't know if you sort of know I mean so
one minute will be locate the shouting
vocals and then next minute will be
really melodic ballads really powerful
epic stuff and yeah I just think that
the question I was going to ask you is
what do you think amazes you the most in
life and I thought actually if I put it
down to one thing I think it's contrast
and as I said for my last video peaks
and troughs which was the title and you
won't know it's the bad times in life
until you've experienced the good and
you won't experience the good until
you've experienced the bad that's
contrast everything in life is you know
the way you feel about something at
point in time will be based on
from time and I think that's what
dominates just us as human beings is the
way we like take one moment and compare
it to the next or take one thing and
compare it to the next and I guess if
you just think about it I don't know
really know where this blocks go in but
it was just an interesting thought ahead
and you know I'm sure you could put it
on anything you had in life I mean as
you go around do things and you
experience stuff a lot of its to do with
contrast is how you make judgments it's
how you enjoy things that's how you feel
emotion towards things and when I was
looking out there contrast came to mind
and I think hopefully came out where on
the webcam there it symbolizes greatly
to differences so you know for one thing
you'll be watching this and you may
think it is a lame video but the only
reason you'll think this is a laying
video is because you've seen one better
and if you think this is a good video
it's because I'm afraid to say you've
seen a lot of lame videos so those were
my thoughts and i'll be doing a few more
videos surely but I've got exams coming
up so I could concentrate with them
place your thoughts of your experiences
with contrast if you put into that
perspective this contrasts dominate our
life see around people oh whoops unplug
the mouse stuff to use the Edit lame
touchpad thing
there we go by
