so I do psychology at University and a
part of that you have tutorials where
you sit in a group we have about 12
people at the beginning year we've
already got for now because people have
left the course and you have a cheater
and you discuss concerns and you go
through different objectives which are
more generally based not necessary about
the subject maps in which you plan your
goals at University and what you want to
do after do all presentations getting
your skills etc but as well as that
Archie I really like and he is able to
he sometimes diversity talks about
general you know psychology on a more
interesting basis will interest him and
other people are unsure if it works I
think it works and something he's
brought recently is the aspect of free
will because it's something he's looked
into in the past and when he told me I
found it very interesting and I thought
I'd show over you today with my own
perspective on it as well and then maybe
you could share your own thoughts now
I'm not religious in the classical sense
in which I can full done all that
screams around in terms of you know
conforming to a particular religion but
you know I am religious I have beliefs
just don't conform to a typical one and
I believe maybe there is a spiritual
side within all of us but however
science could isn't trying to but could
prove that spirituality doesn't exist
and it's just maybe an emotion so bear
with me and I'll explain this because I
try and explain it in quite a tangible
sense if you can imagine that our brains
don't have a spirit we don't have a
spirit we have just our brain which is a
biological muscle doing many functions
and we have consciousness which is how
we feel we're conscious and we have the
subconsciousness you know controlling
the heart rate and also just you know
discriminations the reasons why we make
that conscious decision to do things
so we've got that and you would be
walking around and subconsciously your
body's doing all these reactions so
you're in it let what we've got to take
a starting point so let's take me in
this room I have the amok the feeling
that I want to be creative and
consciously I am now making a vlog and
talking to people now if I do it on an
everyday basis if I'm having a
conversation with someone and I'm a and
someone else's person B person a would
say something because they'd feel the
need to subconsciously and it would
overwrite onto a conscious level person
B would hear that and they calculate it
they'd hear it understand it all the
processes and at a subconscious level
they feel a certain way about it all the
chemical processes it maybe it was a
threatening thing you know they feel
threatened that you know that's how
conversation works and as a result the
chemical reactions have a knock-on
effect which makes you feel in a certain
way consciously which would make you
respond in a particular way person B
would respond maybe say psych maybe Rex
and certain way an intern person a would
then react to that subconsciously and
bring it into a conscious level so what
am I getting at with this what what's
this got to do with the spirit well
you've got to think of it this way what
if we were only a knock-on effect that
maybe definitely does exist but in the
sense that the future isn't
predetermined but it is going to happen
in a certain way it depends how you say
predetermine it it's not written but
there's only one way of it going about
and it is where it's a knock-on effect
one person feels one way and then
someone else reacts to it environment
our environment makes us feel in a
certain way and then we react in a
certain way and what we believe is free
will what we believe we are making the
conscious decision to do something like
me saying I'm going to pick up this
glass of water now that is because the
chemical reactions that my subconscious
level have coincidentally lets me making
a conscious decision to use this as an
example maybe it saw it in the corner of
my eye
quite worrying isn't it we are nothing
more than just energy bouncing around in
this world in a biological organism and
at a conscious level I feel like I'm in
control when in fact the only reason I'm
making the decisions I make the only
reasons you make the decisions you make
is because you feel a certain way and
your body's taken things in and causes
action with it but does that mean that
if we are just that if we are out of
control should we the value life because
some people feel depressed about it I
fall is quite depressing thing but if
this happens to be proven maybe in the
next 10 years that this is true there is
no spirit we are just bouncing off one
another with genetic blueprints nature
nurtures both exist you're born with you
know genetic blueprints which can be
triggered by different environmental
effects does that mean that we should
devalue here we aren't know you and I
think we should still enjoy your life
because even if this was to be the case
if you enjoy the experience you're in
now if you get in a buzz from life and
if you can feel like you're in control
then surely that's what should be
important to you so if you're in a
particular religion a particular belief
you know express your forces what do you
think what if there was to be proof that
this happened to be the case that this
is who we are now that goes into a whole
different debate of what is proof
because something I've done in a lot of
my lab reports on psychology is when
results prove or show the results of a
particular theory to me I always say
that doesn't prove it it just shows it's
the same as that doesn't prove there's a
connection even though no matter how
many times you do it and it's like the
theory about the Swan you know swans are
white but there's the odd grey one you
know but you never verily see it so are
we to assume that all swans are white
knight but you could say the grey one is
an anomaly you know it's not what out
we'll know it exists and therefore
there's infinite combinations of what
could actually be out there
but I'll ever away from that but
consciousness we we don't have free will
and the thing that builds on upon this
is how can you explain the decision
making if this very was to be true it be
the fact that we don't have the choice
to choose what we're going to do but we
have the choice to choose not what to do
we would give an example you're sitting
in a lecture for instance you're bored
and you're thinking I'd love to do this
right now but you choose not to do it so
you stay there it's process of
elimination because in life with full of
choices and how do we come to that
choice in which we choose to make it's
not necessary choosing it but enough is
eliminating what we wish not to do use
your free will or perhaps use your
subconscious to conscious level thinking
to give a reaction to this video
whatever interpretation you have just
posted video response now and let's
discuss this because I think it's
absolutely fascinating psychology first
philosophy doesn't always combine a mix
in the right ways but I think we can
learn from both what about you
