hey guys it's miles blow through 76 here
and a bit different today because I've
put the camera off my laptop and down to
where the keyboard is and I'm sitting on
my bed I guess blogging is really about
what's been happening in your life
lately and you know time to reflect I've
talked about this in the past why people
do it because there's no going back once
you put your video it's out there and
you've got no one interrupting you or
given you you can't get any vibes of
people what they make of what you've
said so far until you've put it up there
so I guess there's no going back love
internet relationships very interesting
thing and it's just saying I'm going
through at the moment and I think one's
coming to an end I could explain the the
background of it i did a video on it on
live video i didn't put it here actually
just the moment I met this person just
someone I never thought would ever go
for a guy like me really it felt that
way as all that perspective than that
and she was awesome and we got chatting
and within two weeks we just got on so
well and she makes that she meant the
world to me and she means a lot to me
still but
it's like I'm just 23 weeks in we tried
and we had all plans because the way I
see is although we haven't met yet you
still got a plan of what would be likely
to happen in the future because if
you're planning on meeting up and
planning on maybe starting some sort of
relationship then you've got to look
into the future because if they're
saying in the future that might stop you
there's no point even starting it if
that makes sense and i'm not going to
obviously focus on who she is and
obviously are I've I make the decision
to expose myself on here but I you know
about her she choose separate so I'm
gonna give any think too personal and
but there were issues I mean she was
from California so I have to go out
there she has two children which shots a
lot of people who I spoke to but you
know for me saying like that would
completely what's a completely put me
off it's not ideal right now in my life
on you know university i'm studying in
that but you spoke about it and you know
i believe if you one side to work out
you can and there was a plan we had in
which if things did go good we would
work our exception you know that woulda
been cool which would have put too much
pressure on me but um it all goes down
to if it works out because as much as
you like some as much you click the song
on the internet the reality of it is
it's not until you finally meet up does
internet relationships work i guess is
the issue and i believe they do but
there's a big difficulty which i found
on many occasions in the past and i
thought it was gonna be all right this
time and she's gonna be watching this
and I spoke to an email so she knows
mostly about how i feel about this by
guessing on this sort front might be a
bit different for her and we're gonna
chat about it hopefully and soon but
between a moment of meeting online and
actually meeting up you are there's no
physical aspects of a relationship
you're not meeting up you're not there
you're not doing stuff together you just
talking through text or video chat but
you're in two separate worlds and you're
not coming as one and you know even
physical side hugs and kisses all that
sources it's not there and a
relationship needs a physical side as
well as a mental so I'd have to see a
chatting about stuff and although it's
been it was like a month or two months
it gets hard and what I said was we had
so much energy going between us at first
for the first two weeks and I said if we
keep going at this rate the fact there's
no physical sight is going to catch on
very quickly and things are just not
going to work out so I said let's take
step back let's try abuse often until we
meet up which we sort did and there was
one time where a child with her by was
really tight i don't really busy weekend
and I was really quite and enough much
society because before I had so much to
say she found a bit weird a lot can find
people a lot people say why don't you
smile miles or why do you look so
stressed when in fact it's just me just
thinking about stuff reflecting but
because people used to say be smelled so
when they find it a bit weird so yeah
and I never hear from her I call her I'm
a her I on myspace on a proper email
made no real responses and recently she
said it was because she's paranoid of
she thinks I found someone else and she
thinks that I've lost interest she
thinks that um was it that it's not the
work out well we're not going to find
out until we meet it's so complicated
but the fact is her paranoia has
actually led to certain things occurring
I'll get some in a minute and it's
difficult because her paranoia has led
to her making the situation worse
because i said to her i was always
catching up on it i was always trying to
make that contact and she
the same about me but I'd argue when she
said she'd be on the line at certain
time I'd always be there even if it
resulted in me working for five in the
link now she never wanted me to
sacrifice my schedule anything to for
her but that's how I fell it was because
you know I was in love the time she
would just log off and then come back
and over time and go oh yes sorry and
that and you know she's busy she was
there anything that's cool but the point
is I their full felt like I was putting
more effort than she was that was from
my perspective a case all about
perspectives but if she had such a
concern and she really cared about us
working out I thought she would emailed
me about it or something as opposed to
getting quiet and she said she doesn't
want to get hurt the previous
relationships and I know it's a big
thing for girls anyway but I don't know
I'm just not the still guy he would do
you know st. i don't know i don't might
people but i try to contact over the
past few months because things do change
and I've been trying to tell us stuff
but I just haven't had a chance here and
I guess this is one way of doing it but
I will be chatting to her personally so
yeah it's difficult yeah internet
relationships different to normal
relationships because you haven't met
yet into wall until you finally meet and
there's distance is usually a big
problem it allowed to connect people who
are more alike which is also but I just
don't know like this is a big issue like
I don't know I don't want to be hurt you
know it works both ways and I feel that
if I am being communicated to then I
question what's happening with her and
that the other day is going to be best
for both her so she's not comfortable
situation which so it seems that maybe
it's not to happen I don't know but no
matter what happens we'll always be
friends and that's the attitude we're
going to do when we meet but we're
hoping for more and if I go to
California and this summer I've got I've
got money for a ticket to America for my
20th and it's going to be for California
hopefully but an issue with the internet
is so I'm going to bring in some people
may think I'm scum for this so it's
getting hotter
another reason internet relationships
are different is because you are friends
you're nothing you're nothing more
unless like special happens because you
may meet up in am I not click you can't
help from just ego I'm saying because I
don't know if people were completely
exposed and you find the true them when
you're around them twenty-four seven and
when I'm trying to contact when I get
nothing I feel shit you know and I look
elsewhere and like thinking what's going
wrong all this sort of stuff and a thing
you do is you always get contacts why
other people like other girls than that
and you know I chats other girls and
they chat to me about my stuff and I
talked about it and they're saying well
maybe it's not going to work and I'm
just not sure and that other girls I get
on really well with on a friend level
but then when you compare it to this
situation it can be seen as exactly the
same because we haven't met anyone gone
out yet and I wonder is this what I
really want and it was war he wanted but
stuff changes and
you know when you just think in life you
finally found it you've finally found
that person it's exactly what it's like
and it's quite crushing when it when it
doesn't happen I guess you have
expectations but until you you know the
Internet can be a bit of a fantasy world
or it's a nice polish on stuff that
isn't there i'm not saying she's not a
nice person she's great and we are no
we'd be friends but maybe it won't be
more and
I don't know on the internet you can
chat with more than one person maybe and
it could be called keeping your options
open now by when I say that I don't to
be seen as that was all the look you
know all along I was talking to her and
those i was at same time that's not how
it works i was just chatting to her and
that was it she was all on my mind and
other girls who are interested I told
him sorry it's not happening and I told
her about it but when stuffs lips and
you're not getting contacted by you
might if this is a thing it's about
conscious and subconscious and it's not
me making excuses if your mind loses
interest you can't help that and I'm
slowly losing interest because i'm not
getting communication there's no
communication I'm not regain responded
by I mean I'm going to chat over soon
but if she'd already brought these
issues before and I explained to her
that everything was alright and I find
her and then she never contacted me
again I tried contacts and she just she
was busy or anything but she wasn't
contact to me you know where was that it
can't be one way so maybe she's afraid
of telling me that she doesn't think
it's going to work I just don't know
but as I've said before and I've said
this to so many people in line and I'm
not afraid to say this twins well I'm 20
now twenty plus years now I have been
single and that's no stupid
relationships and nothing I've been
single the entire time and it's because
I want to make sure I find the right
person some people are able to go into
relationships and with you know they say
after all I'm getting bored when in fact
it's just because they want to shag
someone else for example well you know
people going with a relationship they
don't tell each other cuz they're not
that honest i donate some time but then
you know after year or two then they
move on to someone else and I can't do
that if I'm with someone it it's a
long-term commitment and that's the way
it has to be for me because I can you
are I don't understand getting a
relationship that you don't expect the
last long because is that I don't
understand how you can foresee a cut-off
point in a relationship and this is how
I felt since I was very young and I've
brought so many blogs before it's why I
think girls were interested in the past
when I was young young team because I
was up to st. serious when they weren't
you know they love get going for the
players who cheat on them all this sort
of shit and I'm back at square one again
almost said oh yeah kids from it was
something I thought was going to work
out so well but maybe not so much now
and it's tough you know I know I have so
much to give to whoever I meet so much
and I don't know people who said have
trust issues people talk about the guys
have been chilling in the past I'm not
like that tall but how do you precinct
unless you go into it and for some
reasons I'm not given that chance and
for something like this it's a shame
because if you look at this video I'm
going to actually put it in the
description box there that I'm in love
video you look at that and you see how
happy was about her there are lyrics in
a song
and I've got for my band which I wrote
about her it's about hope it's about
progression it's about you know seeing
for it three things because it'll be all
right in the end and it's not happening
because it takes two people and if two
people are going to make a commitment on
a basis which is just communicating
housing and happen in real life okay
might be easy because you are next to
each other but if you're that serious
about someone you're gonna go for it and
I've set up in willing to go for it but
it's happening one way and I don't know
really tough and lets us alone back at
stage one
and as I said I've been offered a lot of
had gills show interest in the past but
it has to work both ways and they're not
exactly what I've been after and does
that make your bad much means that i'm
not going to go into relationship i'm
not comfortable at the end of the day
that I'd waste their time it's going to
waste my time and it's no point giving
false hope you know the song made for
everyone I guess and it's just going to
take a bit longer for me to find that
person I just have a feeling it was
going to be sewn in the States but he
knows I've Chad wait so long and
hopefully if you see this melody you'll
respect my honesty and understand the
reason I've done I've look like this is
so other people can reflect their faults
or maybe their own lives they can give
advice on this I think I pretty much
know the situation and so you can see
that I am completely honest about this
and we need to chat and we need to sort
this out for good because even you know
all i care about is we're at least
friends and if we're more that's great
but look on the past do you really can
you see it having no I denied why is a
good listener hate is bad times but I've
got money for a plane ticket to America
so I guess the question is is it going
to California whatever options are there
see you later people
