hi youtubers miles blow through seven
six first things first before I get to
the challenge for Christmas my friend
Kirsty and Joey he live in a flat awaits
away from me made me this shirt which I
thought was awesome
it says oh my god it's miles from
YouTube they should have had an AA but
they didn't but it's sweet I like that
on the back is go blade 336 because um
well there been people at university
have actually used that phrase and
noticed me off youtube which is quite
cool so that's another story a lot of
people gave metals all about Shaolin
well in some cases it is but I'm gonna
take an extreme example and it's called
a pig vocals pig squealing dying Pig
vehicles I can do it whether or not I do
it well I know that's for people to
decide I know some people will laugh a
lot of people with off actually because
it is quite stupid but bands use it like
this
so I'm just going to tell you how you do
it and I want everyone to post their
video responses of them giving it a go
and a one did it Perico he tried it a
while back
I'm sure he's improved since then he was
a quite good at it then and half a year
or I'm sure he's improved even more so
this is what you have to do when you do
Diane Pig vocals that's the time I'm
going to use you breathe in as you do it
so you do it as you breathe in secondly
you say the word of what you're about to
see now yes Bree you say Bree and you do
it breathe it in and that is how you do
a pig vocal so you then go Bree Bree
Bree Marie and you keep it really deep
basically both your vocal chords go both
ways that's why I should do it often
because your vocal cords aren't supposed
to do that and that's why a lot of metal
sing as you do that can't redo long sets
and why I love them describe their
vocals so there we go post your video
responses now can you bring as good as
me
