hey everyone hope all is well when life
feels overwhelming difficult or static I
like to remind myself of the wave I
would like for you now to imagine an
ocean a big blue ocean where the Sun is
out and there is not a single cloud in
the sky and on these waters is you
standing up on a surfboard riding a wave
and in this very moment you feel
empowered in control eager to discover
what awaits for you on the horizon as
you surf towards it but that hasn't
always been the case there may have been
times where you almost lost your balance
for unknown reasons you may have had to
confront a storm or adapt your surfing
style because of a change in the wave
and that's okay because as of now you
are surfing and all feels right from the
bottom of your feet all the way through
to the top of your head as you look
around you see friends family colleagues
or even strangers surfing alongside they
too are on a journey there may be
occasions where you notice people
surfing other waves ahead of you perhaps
bigger more exciting waves and therefore
the fear of missing out could come to
mind but life is about perspective and
so if you now look behind you you'll
notice others surfing waves they're
perhaps smaller less exciting than the
one you're currently on focus on those
who are enjoying that experience
ultimately we are all traveling in the
same direction it is just different
people ride different waves in different
styles with different perceptions it is
about finding those positive flavours
within each experience with all of that
said I'd like to now tell you about the
time when I fell off my surfboard a few
years ago it was a very scary experience
in which I spiraled out of control
consumed by the water molecules that had
previously held me up I was immersed in
darkness and my perception of time
became very wort
as I try to make sense of everything but
as the ocean started to come I surfaced
and looked around fortunately my
surfboard was there in front of me and
so I climbed on it quite shaken up from
what had just occurred as my eyes looked
up to the horizon there in the distance
was the wave I had been surfing with
many of the people who had been riding
with they kept moving and here I was
standing still how do I get there will I
ever catch up I couldn't believe what
had happened new waves came along in
various shapes and sizes but which one
should I take to continue my journey
none looked anywhere near as exciting as
the one I was on before in my mind I
knew it was important to let go of the
past but I couldn't not in a moment of
unchartered territory as time passed I
started to forget what the original wave
was even like and I felt increasingly
disconnected from my former self but I
knew deep down there was only one
direction to go forward with shaky legs
and a disheartened mind I joined the
next wave I saw it may have not been
particularly big or fast but I felt in
control over the coming days weeks and
months I discovered bigger more exciting
waves these came with new experiences
and new people to share them with when
mistakes were made I worried about
falling back to where I was before and
when succeeding I couldn't help but
think about where on the horizon I would
be right now if I hadn't fallen at all
but life is about perspective and so
when looking behind I could see a
version of me that had never got back on
the surfboard still floating in the
ocean going nowhere it made me realize
that life is about grasping the essences
of any positive momentum you can find no
matter how small it may be because over
time momentum can grow we have to be
willing to ride it for years ago I was
living everyday with fire in my belly
I felt so passionate so alive right
the most amazing wave since my fool I
dreaded the possibility of never
experiencing that sensation ever again
but fortunately in recent months as I've
surfed different waves of momentum I
feel it's coming back and a few weekends
ago the most amazing thing happened my
wave actually caught up with parts of
the one I was originally surfing the
people experiences the feelings I missed
it was all there it was incredible
I felt alive and strong again because it
became so clear how much I had grown as
an individual since falling off that's
not to say I feel 100% yet but I'm
definitely moving in the right direction
for years I was never quite able to put
into words what this entire recovery
process has been like for me but
thankfully now I can and that is why I
like to viewed life as the wave so let
me know your thoughts in the comment
section of this video perhaps you have
your own metaphors for life you'd like
to share I'd say that you'd love to hear
them please like and share this video if
you'd be so kind and I'd like to end
with a big shout out to rich a fellow
patron of mine who is currently riding
the wave with me and if you'd like to
join us please visit patreon.com forward
slash miles Dyer here I host weekly live
shows where we discuss a variety of
issues and topics I send out personal
postcards and much much more thank you
to everyone who has signed up to that
because without your support I wouldn't
be able to keep doing this thank you
from the bottom of my heart and as
always I will see you next week
so adios till next time
