hi here Jeep is miles all right I'm
going back to my random routine and then
probably my next book will be another
serious issue you're saying and I'll
just keep alternating like that this is
gonna be very quick and fast paced and
I'm currently drinking because at the
end I will be doing this challenge that
I said I'd be doing where I've got to
tell a story with pictures and actually
might be able to tell I've already had a
bit stream Caray Allred
so I guess first of all we should do
some questions should way okay first
question
Galen's girl she had a question last
week oh my laughs look when I answer
questions and I answer daddy wanted him
but not the rest so she asks what is
your favorite book and favorite author
I don't read many books and I should
probably the Bible Code because one that
very few actually read I quite like the
bomb-maker by Steve whenever that was
also really good Oh
sorry I was talking to russki
he's the guitarist lead guitarist of
this band a lot of people ask me and
what the shirt is aware and I know a lot
of you Americans are going a mile of ice
but I'm sorry it's a British band and
it's called manifests and I've just got
their new shirt it's just out now I'll
show you it there and it comes out in
three weeks and if any of you in the
States or anyone want a copy of the
album just give me a contact and I'll be
have the post to a copy ok obviously you
have to pay for it you know don't want
to give it for free at my expense yet so
let's get that silly and if you want to
hit any of this stuff
myspace.com forward slash malapit and
check them out they're gonna go all the
way all right
and busking I'm sure will be one of my
blog shortly or some of the other mouths
this crew actually quite cool back to
the questions these GHD straighteners
for your head because they are the best
low you don't have to answer that
are you still put the hair strainers
there from the headdress and
manufacturers and they're as good as
PhDs or just under but they cost half
the price so I think I know who's
winning
horley says who's your idol my fin
factory singer Burton C Bell is because
he's like inspired me in life I could go
on about it forever and probably Bowie
but check out my myspace and there's on
one of my blogs and I'm pulling I'm
going to talk about it in one of my
future blogs anyway what my favorite
bands I love you asked Tim Factory she's
loving us a bit hollow sister with it
down Brandon
someone's birthday Dream Theater yeah
that'll do for now a lot you know a lot
more stuff to be talking about so I've
got any wasting time thinking about when
I have to move on alright say
okay pretty fucked right now sort of
down my language and let's do the pitch
finger there how do you get supported on
here and have you ever gotten a message
from the song and asked you need to do
an interview or anything special like
that no I'm not famous I'm just going to
promote myself and I've had like I've
got 200 subscriptions now thank you
everyone means a lot
I'm probably slurring right now so yeah
and if you want to check out another
drunken state in mind you have a Jeremy
Kyle drinking game it's like my third
video ever and it's enough for this I
think it's time to get on with the game
yeah and also I'm really sorry but
throughout this blog you'll be hearing
me say Brandon words they'll pop out of
nowhere I just have one more point six
points and well free Langley gets me a
finished I'll just do one more a lot of
people have said to you know me in
person I act well too seriously in my
blogs or vlogs so I'm loosening up a bit
here I'm more crazy now
alright say
bishop on a trampoline fucking card down
that Oh see in a bit I'm seriously
completely wasted right now trying to
control myself
nose nose in a controlled manner nice
nose
can you see my nose can you see mine
eyes it's right there can you see it I'm
going to be the story now and in order
of what they were sent
so he's bear with me I'll talk through
each one of them I'm only gonna give the
story of so long as sad as it is all
right okay
one day there was this white squirrel
and he was looking at a lot of some sort
pond thing in which he saw a magical
window it was on the water like because
here it looked a bit wavy inches but you
could say and I know windows see free
but maybe sort that window frame as well
you didn't think about I know you didn't
so he's looking at it and he thought oh
wow
and he's like looking at for ages I mean
the him he's staying there he's still
staying there looking it and he's going
oh so he sort of like leans over the
accidentally falls in and I've done a
lot from snakes I'm now going to see the
next picture okay he goes in but well
this the squirrel has got into the
window
George Bush and Tony Blair are making
love not war
because it's a very important issue and
the air was Valentine's Day no real
significance the story there's let's get
back to the squirrel the squirrel turns
up and he's at the side of the road you
can't see him in this picture and
there's these the saqqaq talking to this
man and they both got not made
he faces as you can see and the there's
a trashed bike I think and the squirrel
was going oh what's this in the middle
of the road it looks pretty bad and yes
he's looking and that's why I really so
find out what happens next year happy
this is really and well good really a
lot of twists to cover I can imagine it
turns out that the glady was on the bike
was a guitar player there we go and the
squirrels like I mean that's not a white
thing that's what the school is saying
yesterday I'm going if you're a guitar
player yeah honestly cha this is the
story I'm telling the story right you
send the pictures in I'm telling the
story we're leaving it at that all right
so let's start
my physically contouring anymore
vegetable went away I can't turns out
the next image was deleted so there's no
part of the story there is a because
it'd be fucking language that was
whoever said that I wouldn't do it when
I was drunk at Sony Ericsson's adults
you thought you might
Cornish Gill the squirrel goes into the
woods
and in the middle of the woods he finds
a a bowl of oatmeal that's right ladies
and gentlemen he finds a bowl a little
and it has a spoon in it but no ordinary
spoon a spoon that is made out of the
strongest metal in the world that's
right it means that no matter how hard
he bites into the screen so you hold it
to get it in the oatmeal it's never
gonna break so he started eating it but
of course his hands calm that he doesn't
have the dexterity to like hold the
spoon so he's like biting it the spoon
so he's like whiteners penis my phone ah
mm-hmm he scoops it in but when he
scooped him because the spoons at his
mouth how is he gonna get the food the
egg milk from the end of the spoon in
his mouth when he's doing it right oh
good however I'll do it fucking rotten
one elf and he's like oh I think he's
convict so in the end he uses it in
toted all he does is in just a magical
moment he likes or flips the ogre in the
air and then he lets go to spin so the
spring just drops out his mouth and he
goes but it gets him in his eyes and the
squirrel was blind yeah so the most of
that is if you're a squirrel and you
find out they're on a spoon don't hear
that way just don't use a speed
it's fucking simple I don't know what he
was thinking about Omri sorry
but in this story the squirrel was
fucking Steve video you just try to use
a spoon he's just boiling himself so
this pistol isn't here pre lane now
elvis presley's velvet fence right so
the squirrel was blind year and I was
tragic but his sainted children took or
else I wouldn't use the F word already
all the way and I wouldn't be drunk kids
can you imagine them like like Harry
Potter being led by drunken high pause I
went on his manic or dementia with
Bromwell I shouldn't work with it it
just kills the kids away but that's just
my opinion but the squirrel was blind
and he was walking off and then he met a
wizard who managed to bring back his
eyesight and he had a blue shirt on and
after he put his eyesight back he made
him grow into a chipmunk him cuz him in
return for giving him back his eyesight
he said he always wanted a pet chipmunk
so he made him a chipmunk and they all
gave the thumbs up they were happy
both desires were met but would the
squirrel truly feel right now in the
body of a chipmunk we'll find out just
Leslie annexed by the story this could
actually publishes the book the guy who
the wizard he he had a bit more of a
grew a beard over time and he got some
glasses and he looked completely
different and a complete different
fashion sense
apart from that he had a ring and he
said to the chipmunk take this with you
and guard it with your life from some
evil thing he didn't say what evil thing
was we'll find out later it might be an
evil bottled by milk I don't know Neve
the right and he said hold this place to
your heart
I mean squealed the way or a chipmunk at
the way its arms I prolly
is nearly close to his heart anyway
because it like that you know I mean it
sort of moves like I don't know I mean I
they need
our chipmunk moves but I assume it
couldn't really is gone oh god Paki
let's Norway and closes it we'll just
have to see if you know we're irregular
we're open to thinking I saw wrong with
that because unless you're talking like
that but that's a disadvantage you want
a key you arms free
I don't think we'll find out what
significant sisters wait on that story
chickens quit this is a very big part of
the story the cheap mom walks off and
straight away when he's in the forest he
meets an apple with green eyes okay the
Apple has already is full stop that's a
bit freaky yes in me and it's not a
disguise it's got a nose it's got a
mouth and it's going I myself know that
you say what hell even is he mumbles
because an apple doesn't have a tongue
you'd had a mouth are constitute Tom
Kenny and there's how many teeth so it
probably does mumble so I'm okay my in
air and school straight the chipmunk
he's a squirrel hard lay still and the
fact that has to hold the ring closes
hot could be symbolic to the fact that
is actually a squirrel not a chipmunk I
don't know I don't give too much away
the ending I don't know what the ending
is over all right
and it's cool guys I'm gonna walk past
it and the Apple goes you have to fight
me first so the chip mom a.m. and the
bastard was gone so yeah this isn't even
I'm not gonna get a fuss over a stupid
Apple with the old by the way Jim on
spec is always out because always are
quite tough you know I've involved
you're the next row we have to cut it
open yet to use a knife in him Rudy was
cock type and chill uncle has got quite
strong teeth it can get pretty eyes you
have to spit out and it's quite a in
this store there's quite a lot of
repetition about the audience you know
he was blind his sight was restored
he saw the actual window in the thing
and I was you know is this spam back out
again
so now he's got a site back maybe he's
rejecting it once again must be in our
eyes could be symbolic the Archbishop of
your month
okay he's moving and any meets up with
someone else and it's a head shop in the
hedgehog it's just there staring him
chipmunks one yeah what's going on there
what's going on it's bit weird innit
chuckle spacer keep staring a chipmunk
it's like yes prettier than that and as
you can see the hedgehog keep staring
two months then
and their jobs concedes that in the
chitlin continues today yes
probably the net it's just from free
throws and the headshot just continues
to stare and the chip must feeling quite
insecure I know it's done it's really
weird I have just building up some sort
of tension and the story I know the
title my voice is pretty boring I know
beach but deal with it if not you should
close the box with the X button in the
corner of the screen or else is that
it's your own fault if you're watching
this and it's all still staring so are
the chipmunk scum clone and you might
think why didn't he feel the painless
but he did bet he thought the pain was
worth killing this annoying headshot
that was just staring him because it's
fucking annoying
if I had jobs history if I eat is yet
he's got some more important he's got a
look off this ring yeah last thing you
want is just some stupid head hook in
the middle of the road staring at here
you don't need that yeah you've got more
important things to equal to get on with
life
so just what the hedgehog stare back is
don't play starring game that Chuck I
mean are they able link they probably do
right now Cena have you seen a hedgehog
blink if you see in the hedgehog blink
can you please post a video response and
let me know because I'm like boy I even
do a video of the Hedgehog thinking not
a costume want a proper one on next
picture gherkin kid monkeys walking and
then come across two ninjas one goth
some see a dude some slick dude and a
guy here's like a napkin folding some
origami style and we've got some sort of
Pokemon attached to his neck and some
like face must see Heidi's disfigured
face I don't know I don't judge the guy
this is just my interpretation because
why would you wear a mask I mean at the
end of the day we're all equal
you know I accept everyone for the yard
if you've got if you've got my face I
wouldn't really care
I'd still look at it you don't need to
wear a mask when I sight you have my
face I mean nine feet she's really sorry
why he's hiding his face it's probably
insecure sullen of course the chipmunk
he fought the same way as I did he was
the message insecure so he challenged
him first with the head shook us on the
head took the spikes still in his foot
he kicked him in the head not the mask
off we don't see the her face and he
kills him with the spikes and then he
uses the mask and battlin ones death so
these people who may look quite tough
actually didn't start rants against this
chipmunk and some may say it's the power
of the Ring I'm not sure I don't know
what's gonna happen now wet flannel
so he's killed the ninjas and he the
chipmunk searches across them and it
takes out of the mask at the back of the
mask he finds a scream it takes the
screw there are you ready for this twist
a bit it turns out the screw actually
goes into the ring it's just that
there's a part of the ring where there's
a little hole and it screws him so
there's some significance I don't know
what it is electrolysis the chipmunk
once across and when he puts this fing
in just disappears out nowhere and lands
in the middle this place full of randoms
he doesn't know here they are but he
says you're right mate on the right I
love your sunglasses
so he takes is like sunglasses he
doesn't want to give him that he
realizes that you know this chipmunk
deserves him so he just gives him his
glasses and that girl he's holding
Democrats had the middle she's like he's
like I'll have your camera so he takes
off her and a half and he doesn't say
yes and your wallet and you
and then he like uh shamian realizes he
wants everything so he says join me on
my forth to be the quest for the ring we
still don't know what the quest is an
English team monk that's my
interpretation so they all follow this
chipmunk and then they decided to tough
room because they're worried they're on
vacation where if they were but the
Chipmunks proper serious and as I turned
back they see this man saying it was a
kid and he's holding some sort of badge
they realized that this man is the
wizard that he's like quite a pole and
he's had a kid
I don't his his kid or he might have
adopted all my sure he has his badge and
he froze it to the chipmunk and gives it
to you and he says this will give you
the power of eternal life and shit
manslaughter alright pretty safe just
takes it the chipmunk finally comes up
to this bouncy castle thing it's like
this big diamond and guys that's pretty
amazing
he had faith to it maybe this is what
the ring is all about hmm
and then they went inside the dome and
there was it sort of bathroom with some
guy whose head up his ass and there's
the chipmunk when we heard was the
chipmunk just kicked his head in and
killed the guy who vows misery I guess
right this is the last picture and any
other pictures that are posted oh he's
in a future one as it kills the man with
his head up his ass a cow appears
there's some pop-tarts and says I will
trade these pop-tarts to the ring and
take small pictures this will continue
the story alright so thank you for those
who contributed and I hope this is made
some sort of interesting story so take
care
you
