hey everyone hope all is well I often
get asked miles how did you become so
passionate about world events and
activism and that hasn't just been from
you my lovely viewers but from friends
and family as well and so today in this
video I wanted to answer that question
with three key components number one
semantics language is a very powerful
force and the words that we choose to
communicate significantly affect the way
that we view the world around us for
example here in the UK our government
has a department called the Ministry of
Defence which is responsible for any
policy involving our military however up
until 1964 the British military was
administered by the War Office and I
think we don't agree that the name
Ministry of Defence paints are slightly
different perceptions who that of the
War Office right I bring this up because
if you were to ask people do you have an
interest in politics they would often
say no however if I was to ask them do
you care about the cost of living
education job security the environment
civil rights or health and well-being
they will probably say yes to a few of
these things if not all of them the word
politics is what puts a lot of people
off from engaging with social issues so
let's try removing it from the
conversation identify the things you
care about most and you already have the
fuel to power an activist mindset but
yes politics is the system we use to
enact change throughout society but
don't let that limit you it is possible
to help improve the world without
engaging with politics directly and I
speak as someone who for a very long
time had no interest in our political
system but that didn't stop me from
finding ways of making a positive
difference number two awareness once we
know it cannot be unknown was a lyrica
once wrote to summarise the very nature
of awareness if you notice injustice in
the world whether from personal
experience or newly discovered
information it can become very difficult
to then ignore it it can spark a deep
desire within you to try and help
however in this digital age with our
increasing exposure to problems and
tragedies on a daily basis it
become very overwhelming I remember when
this high level of exposure first
started happening to me it was about six
years ago I couldn't stop thinking about
the things I was learning and seeing
about the world I became Restless I
couldn't sleep I didn't even know where
to start there were so many issues to
deal with and thus I felt kind of
helpless
I couldn't switch off or really enjoy
life and therefore I worried my closest
friends and family this difficult period
in my life was a huge learning curve for
me in which I realized that the truth
sometimes hurts but I like to regard it
as growing pains it's what you do next
that is important reality can be most
troubling when you struggle to
comprehend why something tragic has
happened or you feel unable to help fix
it so keeping the first two points of
this video in mind life is about
choosing your battles and accepting that
you can't fight them all identify what
you are in control of and where you can
make a difference and then let go of the
rest as there will be other people
fighting those battles because after all
that is how community works number three
individual empowerment the Internet
impact on our ability to learn organize
and act is a real game changer some warn
that this has led to slacktivism in
which individuals support a particular
political or social cause with minimal
effort and although it's important to
acknowledge that real change is only
possible if we take our actions beyond
the digital landscape I feel that this
term slacktivism is often a broad brush
used to discourage people I regard
activism as a spectrum on the one end
you have simple and quick tasks such as
liking a post sharing an article or
signing a petition and then as you move
your way along it you come to things
such as writing an article organizing
groups or attending a rally if you only
have the time or resources to support a
cause once a day once a week or even
once a month it all helps when you
consider that millions of other people
around the world will be doing the same
I've actually come up with a metaphor to
illustrate this so bear with me
imagine the problem you want to solve is
a gigantic boulder that needs to be
pushed out of the way there will be
people who work for relevant charities
and organizations who will spend most of
their days around this Boulder
organizing building tools and pushing
and then there will be those people who
care about the boulder want to move it
but don't have much time so occasionally
they'll come on over
they'll network with the activists and
the organization's share experiences and
find out the best ways to move it and
they will give it a push my point is and
forgive me if it's a flawed metaphor if
you have enough people that are pushing
that Boulder it will eventually gain
enough momentum to move out of the way
so in conclusion if you are someone out
there who doesn't have an interest in
traditional politics that doesn't matter
think about the things in life that
matter to you most understand that you
alone will never be able to solve all of
the injustice ease that you are aware of
so pick your battles and embrace
technology don't be discouraged all
progress is a step in the right
direction whether big or small as one of
my heroes Jacque fresco once said if you
do nothing nothing will happen
so get active and please know that you
do have the power to change the world
for the better so let me know your
thoughts in the comments of this video
what matters to you in life have you
been involved in activism before or what
would you like to get involved in or
perhaps you have some questions also
please like and share this video I
really hope this will inspire others I
post new videos on here every Thursday
so please stick around and you can
connect with me on snapchat Instagram
Twitter YouTube and Facebook and if you
believe in the activism I do and would
like to support me more please visit
patreon.com forward slash miles Dyer
thank you so much everyone and a Dios
until next time
