hey everyone there we go hope all is
well it is June the 25th 2017 it's the
last Sunday of the month so I am doing
my monthly live show ignore the little
horse guy over there I every time I do
that I always feel the need to explain
you know that this thing is here and it
hasn't changed in in a very long time
when this used to be at the background
of all my videos I would make the
mannequin dress up in the theme of
whatever video I was talking about but
then yeah it's just been horse dude or
horse do that for many many months um
hope you're doing a well firstly I'm
saying something which is at the start
of a video which will be going live on
my youtube channel after an end Facebook
page after this livestream but I am very
aware that I haven't been doing many
videos lately I've had a lot going on
but today's video that will be going up
is all about the troubles I've been
going through and kind of what it's
highlighted about mental health and I
think one of the the biggest problems
that come with um
recovery Judi just said I cut my hair
and at first glance I read it like one
of those old-school comments of getting
a haircut but now I've actually cut my
hair just the other day and thank you
I'm glad you like it
the only problem is though is it just
makes me realize that there you have a
receding hairline which is concerning
and this sounds really shallow but when
you go through extensive amounts of
stress and depression you worry about
the long-term damage you're doing to
your physical well-being and a part of
that is to do with hair loss or going
gray but there's no signs of that yet in
terms of hair loss perhaps um but yeah
um after a very hot week and actually
before doing the video I was like of big
bro
yeah I'll take that I'm just lighting up
the comments section on YouTube so I can
see everyone who's on there hello to all
of you thanks for tuning in something
else I'd like to say is that if you have
any questions throughout this livestream
just keep asking away and if I don't
answer um the next video we'll be doing
is an ask miles piece and so I will look
through all the comments on these live
streams and pick out questions here and
there so I'm you know don't worry if I
don't get back to you straight away and
of course if they're big questions that
require a bit more thought
then I will so today I just wanted to go
over a few things firstly the political
landscape is pretty remarkable at the
moment I'm sure you agree secondly
talking a bit about the mental health
stuff I've been going through but as I
said there's going to be a video that
goes live as soon as this live stream is
over and thirdly the creator's for
change campaign I'm on with YouTube I'm
on an away day on Tuesday
I mean it's happening daily in London
until Friday in which I get to go into
my ideas in a lot more detail and meet
lots of creators from around the world
who use their platforms to to try and
have a positive impact on society and
then I'm happy to take any questions
throughout but before I get to all of
that one of my patrons Lisa sent me an
amazing gift and I got through the post
and it had a lovely note in it but it
had recycled crafts and just to show you
one of these things um it is obviously a
piece but it's made out of a bike chain
I'm guessing and on the image it has
it's a part of the Fair Trade Federation
and it's called socially responsible
shopping and it says for the recycling
enthusiasts in your life are talented
artisans from North India create these
beautiful yet functional items from
recycled materials like metals
bike chains paper and more these
artisans collect the old and use
materials and then use very basic hand
tools to cover these raw materials into
beautiful products your purchase of this
recycled product helps this art stay
alive make a bold statement that you
care for Mother Earth by purchasing
these products and it's amazing is it
and it's got a little hook there so
thank you so much Lisa it's um it's just
really really cool really really cool
and then the other thing that came of it
was this um I would I had the little box
but it's uh must have fallen out on it
here is it's in a nicer bag that was
inside it and it's a guardian Bell and
yeah like that little guardian Bell
there it's really really cute really
cool I like it
say thank you so so much Lisa and for
the lovely note okay so the political
landscape to start off with um so I I
obviously did a lot of live streaming
throughout the UK election and for
anyone who doesn't follow me on Facebook
he may not have been aware of it so much
because I've been doing it all through
Facebook but um I was out the whole of
election night and I went into London um
and it was a very long night I did about
twelve hours of live streaming and it
was really great um to have those of you
who tuned in to tune in and it made me
realize that I definitely want to do
live streaming a lot more often now
something I've said in live streams in
the weekly ones with my patrons and if
you want to be a part of those weekly
live shows please visit patreon.com
forward slash miles dire for as little
as five dollars a month you can be a
part of that and it supports the videos
I do and helps me move towards an end
goal which I'll talk about later in the
livestream but um it made me think
straight away I want to get a decent
live stream rig so I can go out and do a
lot more live streaming because I went
again to one of these pro
tests in Parliament or no opposite 10
Downing Street but the the why not the
Wi-Fi the internet connection was
terrible because there were so many
people there and so it made me realize I
need to look into getting a satellite
pack or I'm just making up these phrases
I need to find out how to sustain myself
with my own connection and because to
get a message out there I had to UM go
out um to the underground the London
Underground to get a good connection
which sounds so random that I'd have to
go underground to get a decent internet
connection but um thanks leek I'm glad
you like the alright when I was at
the protest actually you've reminded me
I saw a guy wearing a red Jeremy Corbyn
shirt which is an alright shirt and so I
got a photo with him to send to my
friend he also works alright and cuz I
thought she'd be happy with it
and I said to him oh so um you know how
did you find out about alright
and he said oh I was just watching off
the election BBC and on the news there
was this guy wearing it super which I
said that's funny that was me
it was like I thought I'd recognized you
and I thought it shows you that the the
that the product placement clearly
worked and so yes she was very very
happy because she said she's got a lot
of sales over those few days um which is
excellent and she's like I should be
giving you a commission and I've said no
the reason I wear these shirts is
because I really like what she does
and I wanted to keep making great shirts
and yeah you know if you go to alright
calm they'll be shirt of things you
don't necessarily agree with and others
that you do and that's what I like about
it has a good diversity of ideas and
headers and stuff like that but on the
subject of the political landscape there
is some really interesting things going
on and so I had this video written which
was all about um how we should take
basically how we're in election was a
game changer and what it means for the
future and why is positive Graham fields
how I happened the big fire in London
and that threw me
a bit and so I decided to sort of put
that on hold and then this week I was
just going through a really bad period
and it just wasn't coming out right the
video it just didn't feel right and so
in the end I set my camera here in the
corner of the room opposite um and I did
a piece to camera where I said look I've
been having a really time recently
but this is what it's taught me about
about depression and actually one of the
hardest parts of dealing with it now if
you're a patron of mine for five dollars
or more you have had the chance to watch
it already because it's available to
patrons but after this life stream it
will be going public for everyone else
but the name of the video is staying
true to your depressed self and
depressed being in brackets and that's
not to be stylish to be like clever and
quirky it was just it was it was
originally called one of the hardest one
of the hardest things about having
depression but I realized that it's very
difficult to talk in that way because
different people have different
experiences with depression and
throughout the video I was actually
constantly caveat in saying I know this
won't apply to everyone and it won't
help everyone and so I cut all of that
out and then change the video title from
the hardest thing about having
depression and I changed it to staying
staying true to your depressed self
because it's a play on the phrase
staying true to yourself which is what
we care so much about often and I videos
basically about how staying true to
yourself is sort of seen as quite a
liberating force in life you know I'm
staying true to my values and I'm going
out there and I'm being myself that's
empowering but when it comes to
depression it's actually has an
inhibiting factor because what it means
is you go I'm staying true to myself I'm
not going to go out there and put a
smile on because I thought currently
feel depressed and it wouldn't I
wouldn't be um true to myself if I was
to fake it but actually that's that is a
pepper its paradoxically opposed to how
we get better which is by putting you
know really pushing ourselves out of our
comfort zone which may not seem true to
ourselves until we become that new
positive person and so obviously the
video go into it a bit more but that's
kind of the gist of it and I'm quite
happy of it and having done that I felt
so chained up and like there was no
inspiration or no flow and it seems to
have all come out now
I'm still feel a bit tense and stuff
like that so I think once the video is
up tonight I feel good
and although I'm away for most of next
week they've got this is flowing really
well between politics to my depression
to the third bit which is this week I'm
away in London for the full week and at
a YouTube event for creators for change
for those either don't know I was chosen
as one of 29 people around the world I
think for in the UK they're gonna fund
and support me to make video content
that is used to deal with you know
tackling hate crimes xenophobia racism
all these things but what I've decided
to do is in my own way is not tackle
those issues head-on which a lot of
people will do about you know explain
you know trying to defeat racism and
things on face value for me I'm about
going to the root causes about why do we
get tribal why we need to be better at
critical thinking and not have people
divide us up and pit us against one
another and so on this away day it's
going to be a great chance to speak with
various people but when I was pitching
the ideas I've decided to go with three
different videos they're all going to
act as kind of pilots for things I'd
like to do more in future if my patron
continues to get off the ground but just
to give you one example I'm currently in
talks with Bernie Sanders press team to
fly out to Washington DC in the next few
months and interview him about how do
you build consensus with those that
fundamentally disagree with you it's
still in the works but if I can get it
confirmed the fundings going to be there
for me to fly out there with a team and
to do an interview
of him I feel that's going to be the
easiest way of doing it as a poster
saying Jonah come to London he's a very
busy guy especially with all the health
care stuff at the moment but yeah
for me it's if this if that works and it
goes really well that is something I can
then take to you guys and go if you want
me to do more interviews like this this
is the cost it will be for me to have a
team do this once a month and then
that's a target we can strive for and so
that's why I'm using this campaign it's
a great way to work with YouTube it's a
great way to work with other content
creators from around the world from all
different backgrounds and it's a great
sort of platform for me to bounce off
and to really take this to the next
level I actually realize ok and now
we're going back a bit to the depression
aspect I realize where a lot of my
anxiety kicks in with making videos is I
spend so much time researching and
coming up with the concepts and filming
it when I come to the edit it really
drains my enthusiasm and it's all gives
me this negative reinforcement um and so
you know one day it'd be good you know
once I can start building an
organization is to start employing an
editor because then that will free me up
so I can just focus on the ideas and and
you know and putting that into practice
but you know these are all things that
come to mind at the moment by the way
I'm reading all your comments and as I
said if I don't respond to anything now
I definitely will afterwards
although annoyingly the live chat on
YouTube and it disappears afterwards so
if anyone has any questions you'd like
me to answer on and asked miles video
next week and do put them do tweet me or
post on Facebook or as a comment
afterwards Alice is asking me do you
ever think that depression is too broad
a term to actually be of any wide use I
think the answer is yes and no um I
think it's um do you know what I think
that's a great question
and for ask miles um Alice so if you can
message me that I mean the short answer
is I think it can be a broad term it's a
good introductory term but if you want
to get into the nuance and of course
there are many degrees of it because
people have just chemical imbalances
some are environmentally induced and I
think that can be quite difficult and
exactly here and even smiling when you
have a let me just put this here
hellenic so i'm sure i was covering that
um ask miles gene so yeah alice that
hopefully you ask aren't you ask me that
again I'm just going on my Facebook page
just so I can look through the comments
clinics on at our site and thank your on
for joining and I appreciate that at
home activism and thank you for the
congratulations Monica asked hi miles
hope you well on the early labor
supporter at my work and all the Tory
supporters can argue is that
historically labor was never good with
money and that with a Labour government
UK would go down myself being quite new
on the political scene would love to
hear your thoughts
um I mean I'll start off with this right
when it comes to the Labour Party and I
speak as someone who is not affiliated
with any political party my politics is
very strange in the sense that every
election for me is a blank slate it's
let's look at where we are now and what
is strategically going to be beneficial
for the decentralization of power and
the democratizing of society and in this
election I voted labour because I wanted
it to be a strong message that the
Conservatives don't deserve to have more
power than they already have that's a
very simple explanation to my voting
intentions there's a lot more to it that
I'd happily go into another time but um
there's that there was a great um as a
garrison he's I think he's a libertarian
cartoonist in the US who I there's some
stuff of his that I breed despise um but
you know he does a various work but it
was one piece which is this marching and
there's a right right leg in the left
leg with a boot on the end and it's a
guy getting kicked by the Democrats and
he goes on
the vote in Democrats again and then
this other guy's been stepped on by the
Republican going I'm never voting
Republican again and it's the fact that
this machine keeps marching forward and
that we keep going in circles and so
there was this mean going round of how
the cycle is where do I start
um conservatives trying you know balance
the books and the budget they they
haven't austerity it causes people to
complain about austerity and therefore
they vote in labor who then starts
investing and spending or they don't say
that in the mean in the mean they just
say start spending money builds up the
debt and the deficit and then it goes
back to the Conservatives coming in to
clean up the mess and the cycle
continues but for me it's like you could
do an another meme that is conservatives
come in and start cutting away at public
services it causes people to suffer they
want investment investment comes in and
and you know you can have the rhetoric
go gut go both ways
but you know I think there's dishonesty
intellectual dishonesty on both sides so
one of the criticisms of the
conservatives is they've gone up under
their government well of course it has
because the debt they brought down the
deficit but the deficit is how much you
know you're having to borrow year on
year and so their the deficit is going
down until you get a surplus you're
gonna be constantly you're gonna be
building up debt so that side of it I
don't buy as an argument and I wish
people against the Conservatives would
stop doing that because um for me it's
not a good argument and it's not a fair
one but as for labor in terms of they've
you know messed up in the past they did
a lot of investment in the past but the
big crash that happened was exacerbated
by labor spending but it wasn't created
by labor spending it was by the you know
unregulated financial system that
started in the US and spread across the
world and so people
can keep throwing these platitudes in
the air and you know what the Labour
Party is not the same Labour Party that
was back then it definitely isn't it's
very different now and so a lot of these
things that would normally get fraying
that Labour can't be anymore because
it's been run by a guy that was against
a lot of these policies in the past at
home activist says there seems to be a
crisis in their empathy and I agree for
me um I'm actually going to go back to
that first point I made about why my
politics is not very conventional I mean
I've already mentioned why I voted the
way I did in the last election but for
me it comes down to this technology is
going to continue to advance in the
coming years and decades and in the next
10 20 years we are not going to
recognize the world that we live in now
because it's going to be so drastically
different just think about young people
that are born today they are growing up
in a world where the whole concept of
consuming media like music or movies is
at your fingertips there is an abundance
there's this access economy online that
is their starting point this and so are
my generational or older might say I
remember the days we'd have to go out
and buy a CD or buy a cassette or you
know all these sort of things because
those were our starting points and so
it's easy for us to think well young
people now who are born into a world
where they have Spotify and all this
streaming services may not appreciate
the value of music no it's just that the
what that is a very different their
starting point is very different to ours
and that's in the matter of what 10 20
years you can look at now that is going
to be happening exponentially in the
next 20 10 20 years the idea of working
for for for a salary so that you have
purchasing power and that you have
freedom and society that is going to be
completely challenged and actually if I
get down to the real crux of it and this
is where I seem to come out a weird
headway with libertarian friends of mine
and socialist friends of mine capitalism
and socialism are both going to probably
become deadly
I believe will become decimated in
next 1020 years because of technology
and I will do a video on this piece and
the reason that is is because capitalism
actually I'll start with socialism
socialism is about you know programs
created by the state you know the
intervention of the governments who
provide and provide support of people
technology is going to reduce that
because technology creates individual
empowerment whether we start putting
solar panels on the roofs of our home
and we start producing our own energy
therefore we're off the grid and we all
feed into the grid we're not relying on
an oil-based economy which has
implications for war and that around the
world we will have 3d printers which
will print goods and services which
means we don't need you know people
transporting stuff in massive lorries as
much around the world we will have an
access based economy that is going that
is going to really and shake up
socialism because the role of the state
is going to become less and less
important in a lot of different ways
capitalism is going to become decimated
I believe too because the improvement of
technology is going to create an
abundance of goods and services and the
more you have of something the lower the
price goes and what we're going to see
is things are going to become move
towards near zero marginal cost and
where there is very little room to
actually make money because technology
is about cutting the middle man out of
industries you know you guys so you've
got X you got this service you've got
this demand so you've got this product
you've got this person this person wants
this product and you have these things
in the middle whether it's the
manufacturing whether it's the
transportation whether it's the
marketing all these things and actually
technology is going to get rid of all of
that and it's going to be this person
demands this and the technology is like
here you go because you have direct
access to those goods and services
automation robotics um
robots don't take a wage you don't need
me telling you this and therefore
they're not going to be paying taxes
although there is talks about whether a
company should be paying taxes to the
robots but it actually goes deeper than
that because if robots are taking jobs
faster than were able to replace you
then have a society where there are
there's a lot of unemployment people
aren't then spending money on goods and
services and that disrupts cyclical
consumption which is the notion that you
pay a wage they go and spend that in the
economy that pays the wages of people
and so on and so on and so that was
quite a long explanation but my point is
that that is the drastic change that is
coming and so when I look at what
political parties which and even
political parties and democracy is going
to become challenged drastically in the
next term um so I'm just getting a
message about saying if we look at how
drastically things are going to change
we need my voting is all about how do we
democratize the political system
regardless of ideology and actual
although sometimes the ideology is
anti-democratic so in this last election
I saw a Conservative government that
wanted more power they wanted less
accountability even though they wouldn't
probably say that themselves and so I
wanted to make sure another party
challenged them and we move towards a
hung parliament which is exactly what we
got because now they're forced to think
outside the realms of party politics
although there is absolutely a
catastrophic crisis going on in the
Conservative Party right now and so
every election for me it's about how do
we democratize government how do we
improve transparency how do we improve
accountability because as technology
improves if we do not democratize power
we are going to be having a very
dangerous world to live in where very
few have significant amounts of power
and control over technology which could
enslave the rest of us and I don't use
that as hyperbole
and so that is why my politics is a bit
strange because I voted in four
elections now and each election I have
voted for a completely different party
for different reasons along the way so
yeah is technology changing faster than
an average person can adapt and that is
the challenge and the the truth is if we
don't adapt our values quick enough
Colette as a collective society
nevermind as an individual we are going
to be in serious trouble but the the the
rights that we can adapt is also
advancing exponentially so I'd recommend
checking a video I did about ownership
it's called do what do we really need
this and the reason I talk about it is
because I did a video um five six years
ago about driverless cars and the fact
we won't have to own cars anymore and
most people thought it was ridiculous
and just um yeah people like to drive
that was the argument and then I did I
covered that topic again about a year
ago and the majority of people like yeah
that's possible so yeah there's another
video I did exactly on that topic called
this changes everything I recommend
checking it out and it's the notion that
because change is happening at an
ever-increasing rate it broadens our
horizons where well imagine you're on a
treadmill let's say a massive treadmill
and stuffs coming over the horizon now
imagine that treadmill is going so slow
that something new comes over the
horizon every year it means that on a
day-by-day basis on a week-by-week basis
you're on this treadmill you're not
really expecting to change the way you
behave because every year something will
change and then you'll deal with it then
now let's say the treadmill gets faster
you know you've trained up you is
getting faster and things are coming
over that every month you know we're
gonna have a much different attitude to
life aren't you you're not gonna be
thinking
change every year is like okay right
every month now I need to be wingsuits
or change the way I behave to keep up
and then it happens every week and then
every day and then every hour and then
we will be living in a world where
change is happening constantly that we
will be the change will be a constant
like unlike anything we've we've seen
before and for me that's really really
exciting um he asked me do I have
thoughts on you bi I don't know what you
bi is at the top of my head so if you
could explain that to me I'd happily
answer answer that yeah
you
so I'm just reading Connor sorry
universal basic income thank you um yeah
I mean universal basic income I think is
um definitely something we need to to
look at yeah I think I don't I think
it's going to be the end solution but I
think it's definitely gonna be
transitional and if anything is that if
it fails I although there are tests
being done at the moment where there
seems to be really positive results I
think if it were to fail um it would be
another illustration that we need to
drastically change the system that we're
in but for me it's not about tearing
down the system we're currently in its
and building a new one it's actually
just the evolution of what we're going
through so yeah so guys I'm going to
head off in about five minutes time um
just to let you know
sorry that comments just gone RGD I
appreciate that I've been in talks with
the Young Turks on many occasions and
yeah there's there's people at the Young
Turks I know very well and that they
know I'm I've been very keen in the past
unfortunately doesn't seem to be an
opportunity there but that's the way it
goes and John and John I'm a big fan of
and jr. actually told me that him and I
would have some amazing conversations
together because he's really into his
into sci-fi and technology and all that
cool
does your local library have a 3d
printer I mean my local library is a
tiny library it's not very advanced
until the computer super old but there's
one in a town near me that I could check
out but I don't think so I mean I know I
don't know our libraries it but then I
there are going to be some advanced
libraries but they tend to be a
university isn't that really great point
at home activism said the problem I see
of exponential consistent chain or
constant change is that there isn't any
room for failure and perhaps a basic
income could change that
ya know without that that's that's the
positive of universal basic income it
takes away the fear of failure not that
failure is is good although it should be
because it makes you know not to do it
again but it means that people aren't
willing to take risks or explore new
ideas because it's easier to stay with
what is safe because everything depends
on you know your job and making sure
that you keep it after this election are
we seeing the death of Murdock and the
mainstream media um I think it's a
constantly evolving thing yeah I think
that it's the decentralization of power
structures including the media I think
they're very worried but I also think
there is an important role for big media
organizations I joined the Guardian for
two years because of their work with
Edward Snowden they had the government
threatened to shut them down because
they weren't willing to hand over the
files and so the government went in
there and smashed their hard drives you
can get that from independent journalist
you'd be arrested and locked up but a
big organization like the Guardian was
able to stand tall so I think there is a
place for organizations like that at
this time so it's about decentralizing
power structures but it's about doing it
across the body equally because
basically is if the good guys disarm and
decentralize their powers and the powers
that be don't
then we're in trouble and so it you know
whether we're talking out geopolitics
and everything
it is a chess game there is a power play
going on and it's interesting to see
that play out have you heard that sixty
high-rise buildings in 25 councillor as
a failed fire safety test very
concerning that this was allowed to
happen yeah I have heard that and it is
shocking it's very symbolic of um
society about the ideas of cutting
corners but I mean that's how it all
works across the economy I mean
technically you know there are you have
to always make calculations because life
does have a price on it and by the way
I'm not excusing with the Graham filter
and stuff like that I'm just explaining
that in the current economic situation
you can always make something safer but
I believe that you do need hard laws and
regulations to ensure that things are
kept at a minimal standard wet stuff
like that does not happen because it's a
I thought it was just it was shocking
and I can still remember smelling the
burning when I went into M London that
morning when it happened and I went past
the building it is yes just remark all
capitalism has done a lot of incredible
it has brought a lot of benefits to the
world capitalism has done a hell of a
lot of good but we are moving to up
capitalism was great or best at a time
where we didn't have the technology to
UM deplete the world of its resources at
a faster rate than that naturally can be
replenished you know but unfortunately
we are at a point now where technology
means we can well lirik of one of my
band songs dig up the earth for all that
it's worth and that's why we need to
look at changes and that they can sort
out so guys I'm going to end this
livestream now but I just like to thank
you so much for tuning in and I've got a
new video that's about to go live it's
going to go live on YouTube and on
Facebook it's actually not uploaded to
Facebook yet so head over to youtube.com
forward slash miles right now as soon as
this livestream ends I'm going to
impress live on that video and I would
love to hear your thoughts and I love
you too thank you very much and I
actually say that in the video as well
it's a very open piece to be honest I'm
not sure if I even liked the video but
it just had to be done and yeah so yeah
thank you everyone and yeah go to
youtube.com forward slash miles my OS as
soon as this goes off I'm pressing the
like button alright and as david says
that is til next time
thanks everyone
