hey everyone hope all is well today I
wanted to talk about documentaries
generally because quite frankly I love
them and i'm a bit geeky when watching
documentaries i like to sit there with a
notepad and take notes and in some cases
i'll watch it the first time just to sit
back and enjoy just consume the feeling
of it and then the second time i'll go
over it and then you know pick out bits
of information that i want to do more
research on later i created a massive
list of documentaries i wanted to see
and what I found quite depressing was
it's over 100 long but I started sharing
it with friends who you know what asking
what documentary should i watch now and
what I'd find is I'd send them this list
and they always get back to me and go oh
but have you seen this one I'm like
really so I've got the list here I just
realized a notification popped up that
was unfortunate first I'd like to just
name several documentaries that I have
already seen that I highly recommend
checking out if you haven't already the
zeitgeist movies the second and third
one in particular addendum and moving
forward probably the most eye-opening
documentaries I've ever seen and even if
you don't agree with everything it
presents it really does make you look at
the world in a different way and in
terms of how society could function
differently dirty wars which is a
fantastic documentary about America's
foreign interventions they don't always
talk about about the drone program
samsara this one blew me away has no
words it's just imagery of the most
amazing sites around the world but
really does hold a mirror to our own
culture and makes us think about the way
that we live our lives food inc really
good and what i like about it is it
doesn't come across as pushy vegan or
vegetarian propaganda as some people
call it jesus camp absolutely terrifying
showing the real power of indoctrination
sits and for about NSA whistleblower
Edward Snowden for me it's probably one
of the most important documentaries of
our generation if you haven't seen it
please do and blackfish a documentary
that has had a huge impact worldwide
really affected the industry of SeaWorld
I think we're starting to see a world
where documentaries can really create
huge social change because we live on
the Internet where we're constantly
sharing in
formation and we want to do it in the
best most digestible ways and
documentaries kind of do that so what
are your favorite documentaries I'd love
to hear for me I think there are two
ways you could look at it one there is
the most influential documentary that
had a real personal impact on you and
then there's the documentary that you
feel everyone has to see I'm not gonna
go through the whole list but I'm gonna
whisk through some of it and you can let
me know which of these I should
definitely watch next life in a day Cal
spiracy the square into the abyss
manufacturing consent the shock doctrine
the perverts guide to ideology the
corporation an inconvenient truth man on
wire inside job baraka exit through the
gift shop wasteland catfish the king of
kong the woman who wasn't there meet the
Hitler's why we fight dear zachary life
2.0 the central park five and the thin
blue line I've got quite a lot of
watching still to do but I'm up for it
every month I think I'm gonna do one
video about a particular documentary
I've seen that I think everyone should
check out and I will lay out five key
things I learn from it which I guess
we'll be a teaser to watch the full
documentary but I think we'll also be
informative as well so by doing this
video it gives you an opportunity so you
just shout at me any documentary you
think I should watch right now I'm sure
there are going to be lots of comments
on this video but I look forward to
adding to this list of over a hundred
it's probably gonna quadruped or
something like that but when it comes to
a new video series it requires a name
and I was just coming up with really
lame puns which aren't even worth
repeating what's that oh I should repeat
them okay i came up with stuff like doc
doc who's there oh it's food inc this
week and there are some really terrible
ones here doc block work in progress to
say the least so thank you for watching
please don't forget to click that like
button and i will see you next week it
is till next time
you
