hey everyone as many of you will know
the UK government is on the verge of
voting for airstrikes in Syria to take
on the death cult that is Isis I saw -
whatever you would like to call them and
therefore for this video I'd like to put
forward five areas of conversation that
I think are important number one why are
we going in probably one of the most
important questions that needs to be
asked because in 2013 our government
went to the House of Commons with a vote
on whether or not we should take armed
intervention against the Syrian
government the Assad regime this vote
was overturned and therefore it didn't
happen
now at the beginning of this month they
proposed airstrikes against Isis and
they realized they weren't going to get
enough support and so the Conservative
government took this off the table
however what's happened since then
within a matter of weeks the Paris
attacks and so they are bringing this
proposition to the table once more is it
really to take on Isis who is the enemy
of Assad who we were originally going
after and when the government gets asked
what would happen if this vote doesn't
go through one of their first answers is
well we'd be turning our back on our
allies the US and France who is asking
for our help the way I see it it is not
about national security as they'd like
you to believe this is all about
political posturing on the global stage
and when it comes to UK military
intervention in Syria it was about
taking out Assad long before Isis was
even on the radar and I know I've
mentioned this in a video before but
just consider the words of u.s. General
Wesley Clark almost a decade ago he said
I just got this down from upstairs
meaning the secretary defense office
today and he said this is a memo that
describes how we're going to take out
seven countries in five years starting
with Iraq and then Syria Lebanon Libya
Somalia Sudan and finishing off Iran
number two bombing is just the start
this may seem like an obvious point but
if you are voting to allow the bombing
of Syria you are also allowing for all
the unintended consequences that will
follow after all it's a lot easier to
get into military intervention than it
is to get out of it a term that I wish
more peep
we're familiar with is mission creep now
mission creep is when there is an
expansion of the projects or a mission
beyond the original goals that were set
now this has happened in previous
campaigns for example Iraq the original
goal was not to occupy the country or
look at Libya in February 21st 2011 our
government said we are going to pose a
no-fly zone on Libya so he did and then
within four days president Sarkozy of
France said Qaddafi must go and then it
became an issue of regime change
so with this Syria campaign let's say
one of our Jets get shot down what
happens then
do we then have to send ground troops to
rescue that pilot there are so many
things that we have to consider which
brings me to point number three the
strategy it is not clear there is no
fixed objective there is no clear exit
strategy these things need to be clear
before we send any military personnel
out there to start a bombing campaign
simple as that David Cameron has said
that bombing Syria will strengthen our
national security but he hasn't said
exactly how I think he should at a time
when the UK government is making savage
cuts to our public services should we
really be getting ourselves into another
war just look at how much the previous
interventions have cost us our
government says it's a question of do we
act now or do we act later well we
should act once there is a clear plan in
place because right now we do not know
what is going to happen next but let's
just say for argument's sake that the
strategy is clear okay
David Cameron who is putting this plan
forward this is the man that went to
Libya in Benghazi after we took military
action there and told the Libyan people
this and your friends in Britain and in
France will stand with you as you build
your democracy and build your country
for the future thank you very much
and look at it now a complete mess a
country broken up into lots of fragments
some controlled by Isis some controlled
by other fundamentalist groups like the
Libya shield force it's terrible and so
when people do talk about Iraq and the
lessons that should be learned and
that's what the current government is
saying now they're not talking about
Libya which I think has so many place of
parallels to what we're facing with
today and I feel David Cameron has been
let off the hook with it because the
destabilization of Libya has helped with
the destabilization of Syria and let us
just acknowledge how complicated the
situation is in Syria already Turkey
recently shot down a Russian plane which
was bombing Isis Turkey and NATO ally
has been bombing Kurds who have been
fighting Isis Russia is allied with
Assad the UK has clearly wanted to take
down Assad in the past there are lots of
different factions fighting on the
ground including the Free Syrian Army
Isis all these other groups there is so
so much going on do you want to add more
complexity to the current situation
David Cameron mentions that we'd be
supporting 70,000 Syrian opposition
fighters but that's not just one group
that's made of about a hundred different
factions and what would happen once
we've defeated Isis what happens to them
then many of them actually want to take
out Assad who Isis are currently trying
to take on as well can we not see what a
quagmire this is and do you even trust
David Cameron's judgment on what
moderates and allies are because I mean
some people may argue yeah you can be
allied with a group of people that
behead others as long as it's put
through a court first number for the war
on terror insanity is doing the same
thing over and over again and expecting
different results if we are serious
about destroying the death cult that is
Isis we must destroy the conditions that
have created it we have had airstrikes
going on in Syria for almost a year now
and despite thousands of fights has been
killed - has not weakened and if
anything has strengthened in the region
and Isis have stated publicly what one
of their main objectives is which is to
destroy the gray zone by carrying out
barbaric atrocities around the world
they are trying to get people to turn
against their local Muslim populations
they want a knee-jerk reaction they want
the West to send out their military and
start bombing in the Middle East because
by doing that there is a good chance
that we will kill innocent Muslims there
if we join the bombing campaign against
Syria more civilians will die there is a
reason why Isis is moving into more
densely populated areas and there are
civilians right now who are saying do
not bomb us here there are about a
hundred and fifty thousand people who
live in Raqqa and only a small
percentage will be that of Islamic state
if more bombing creates more
destabilization we could see a repeat of
what happened in Libya I often regard
bombs as seeds because when they fall in
particular places they can later blossom
into extremism because when innocent
people are killed in collateral murder
by our bombs those that are still
standing they will want revenge
naturally and it is known as blowback
something that's happened quite a lot
since the war on terror began after 9/11
number 5 what should be done this was
something that saddened me in 2013 and
unfortunately saddens me again now which
is where a lot of people look towards
those that are campaigning against
military intervention and say oh so
you'd rather do nothing then oh you're
okay with Isis running amok no that is a
false dichotomy it's intellectually
dishonest and it simplifies an
incredibly complicated situation it's
not do something or do nothing and I
want to throw some of these ideas at you
now for discussion so for starters more
diplomacy we should be trying to
simplify the situation as opposed to
adding more complexity Turkey is a NATO
ally so they should be trying to secure
their borders with Syria cutting off is
supply lines and they should stop
killing Kurds Isis thrives on chaos we
should be trying to build governmental
structures not overthrow them secondly
we should minimize the West verse Middle
East perception that Isis loves to
peddle was propaganda Lord Ashdown
recently said the last Saudi
I'm seen flying as a part of the
coalition over Syria was three months
ago
the last Qatari plane was nearly a year
ago it should be countries in the region
taking military action because when the
West does it it creates the perfect
symbolism for Dai Ashi recruitment not
only that but when we take the lead it
will further ensure that regional powers
continue to take a backseat thirdly if
the West really wants to stop terrorism
we should cut our funding and stop
turning a blind eye to Saudi Arabia
we've been exporting Wahhabism around
the world and killing innocent civilians
in Yemen with our weapons and finally
using ground troops a former military
commander has said it could take 50,000
ground troops to take a city like Raqqa
from Isis so what about the rest of the
country if the key objective is to take
out Isis then a deal should be
considered with the Assad regime for
them to take out Isis on the condition
that once they are gone we then hold
elections for a transitional government
now I'm not suggesting that I have all
the solutions I have merely created this
video to put forward five key concerns
that I have which is why I have written
to my local MP to say do not bomb Syria
and if you feel the same way that I do
there is a link I've put in the
description where you put in your
postcode on the web page and it will
have an email ready to send to your
local MP which you can customize
accordingly thank you so much for
watching this video please do comment
with your thoughts click the like button
and share it with everyone you know
I feel that this issue about Syria is
something we should all be talking about
at the moment because it has significant
consequences for the global landscape
thank you and ideas till next time I
also think that the notion that
journalists have to be objective and
total bullshit objectivity is used as a
code for being devoted to the official
version put out by the state yes you
know it's just it's completely
fabricated
