I admire like I mean quite frustrated
about the past couple years with
politicians across the spectrum is their
inability to bring up the mass
surveillance state their GCHQ ed Snowden
for me as a hero he addressed one of the
biggest threats to democracy and I
cannot believe no one is bringing up D
notices have been given to the media
organizations not to report on it the
Guardian had their hard drive smashed
with the data and I'm just wondering
where is the rebuttal and the question I
would really ask you is are you happy
the fact that the GCHQ can access your
personal emails they can access the
personal emails and potentially read it
anytime of journalists and even of
lawyers which has been proved recently
the one thing I would say to you was two
things I'd say miles briefly first of
all I think it is incredibly important
that there are rights for citizens so
that they know their personal privacy is
not being invaded without proper
oversight of the way it happens we've
got to improve the judicial oversight of
what happens and what our agencies do
there is ministerial oversight but
they've got to be better judicial
oversight and we've campaigned for that
on the other hand I think the the other
thing I'd say to you though is we also
have a responsibility and I would have a
responsibility if I was Prime Minister
to make sure our country's kept safe and
keeping our country safe is about making
sure that if people aren't you know you
saw with the death of Lee Rigby recently
the murder of Lee Rigby you saw the
discussions that were going on on social
media by his killers before before he
was murdered
now I think that most right-thinking
people will think well with proper
oversight there should be proper access
to that kind of threatening information
it's got to be about national security
it's gotta be about serious ease it
can't just be if you like just sort of
kind of you know it's simply it's all
casual but I do think that the security
service and others they've got a
responsibility to keep us safe and we've
got a responsibility to make sure that
is done in the right way with proper
oversight and we've strongly argued for
strengthening that oversight it's not
good enough at the moment and I want it
strengthened you talk about the
intelligence services and we trust them
one of the chief members of the atone
service
that because of Lee Rigby Facebook is a
safe haven for terrorists I mean that
language is very all well in and scary
and I think that to just bow down to
that rhetoric or to just giving to the
fears of terrorism I mean we could go a
cliche here just just finish my point
yeah the cliche we could go with is
terrorists want to take away our freedom
well they're winning they're winning if
we're given up our civil liberties in
the name of terrorism that's exactly
what they want they have a quick
response yeah a quick response look I'm
not gonna get to the names of social
media companies but look on this
question we know from the report that
was done that one of his killers was
posting that he was going to murder a
British soldier right now I've just got
to say to you that with the right
oversight I think it is perfectly
legitimate to say there should be ways
in which that is accessed because it's
you know think of Lee Rigby's family you
know I mean I understand your concerns
about civil liberties and understand
that concerns about you make you feel
freedoms are protected and I shared them
but you shouldn't be done in a way that
means somebody's about to kill a British
soldier is not he's not found out if it
possibly can be done just a final point
do you think that actually the point is
to look at the root causes of why these
events happen instead of using mass
surveillance as patchwork I just find it
incredibly dangerous like I'm glad
you've been honest with me here but it
shows you that the political class are
just completely off their head you're
just saying let's just keep in let's put
more and more cameras in people's home
I'm not so they know but it's not in
your own there are because they can
analyze all our computers and cameras
are fines my my phone I've got encrypted
and it's been there's been over 20,000
tracking attempts in the last three
weeks of my data I think that is not
discussed leadership on civil liberties
grounds and that's how you distinguish
yourself from hold labor but now you're
supporting the deeply 11 you live in
arrest warrant now you're answering you
later yeah
now you're supporting the european
arrest warrant you're doing the snoopers
charter or the data retention act that
you've rushed through Parliament really
quickly where where is old Ed Miliband
and here if you Pierce boy have you
changed from let me let me let me ask
you do really
question the European Convention on
Human Rights absolute foundation of our
liberties this government wants to get
rid of it we will defend it on the
question that you talked about around
the the questions of intelligence
gathering that was debated in the summer
it was labor that said there's got to be
a comprehensive review and maybe miles
you should be contribute to this a
comprehensive review of the way in which
the the the oversight of surveillance
and those things has got to be stronger
it's got to be different I agree with
that much more it's much better well
because because I was convinced that
there was a that there was good grounds
for thinking that to keep the country
safe we needed to make those changes but
we've got to have better oversight of it
and I'm absolutely committed to having
that better oversight and look one other
example when the government came forward
with legislation on secret courts
extending secret Accords it was Labor
that said you can't do it in this
extensive way you've got to have proper
oversight that where I stand is let's
keep the country safe but let's make
sure there is proper accountability
proper oversight of any intelligence
gathering that's done on my own YouTube
channel I research quite easily on your
iPhone a lot of people don't realize
location settings you look on it it will
tell you the exact time you've left your
street that should be a government a
government should be educating people
about their
