hey everyone hope all is well firstly
I'd like to acknowledge the reality that
the past couple of months my upload
schedule has been quite sporadic and for
that I apologize
recently my life has been a roller
coaster now as I've mentioned before
throughout my life I have gone through
exercise of depression I seek
counselling or therapy I went through
the processes and then I was on my way
feeling better but in this circumstance
the injury I had and the knock-on effect
was devastating to my life it demolished
most aspects of my daily routine social
life my work my activism my creative
outlets making videos playing in my band
but today I wanted to talk about for me
a big lesson light has taught me the
past three and a half years a big part
of recovery is wanting to feel better
but feeling better in a way that seems
real now what do I mean by that the
party years there have been many
instances where I haven't wanted to get
out of bed in the morning go out and
socialize open my post check my emails
do a whole wide range of things that if
I did them it would help create some
positive momentum in my life and that
make me feel better
and I realized the reason I didn't do a
lot of these things was in that moment I
felt awful I felt little self-worth I
felt depressed and unmotivated for me
that was my current reality it's very
simple to think that you either feel sad
and miserable or you feel happy content
and energetic with life we have activity
constantly taking place in our brain we
have cells and chemicals constantly
changing throughout our body and
therefore our mental health and
well-being is never static and by
acknowledging that we can understand
that there is an opportunity at all
times to push ourselves in the right
direction and it reminds me of a social
psychologist named Amy Cuddy
who
a great TED talk in 2012 about how your
body language can shape who you are I
will link it with this video by engaging
in particular body language like
standing tall arms on your hips and
keeping your back straight if you do
that for 60 seconds every morning it
helps boost your testosterone levels and
reduce your cortisol levels meaning you
will feel a lot better throughout the
day and she mentions this phrase fake it
until you become it which reminds me of
this famous mind exercise you can do
imagine
you were in a movie you were playing
this character and this character could
be anything you want it to be the
character is in your home goes out the
front door what would you love to do
today if you could now of course you
could think about flying and all these
sort of things but if you keep it in the
realms of actual possibility which can
be a difficult thing to do if you are
feeling low but if you imagine that you
were positive play out that day in your
head and then go out and try acting as
that character this is something I'm
trying to work with at the moment I
haven't got there yet but if you think
about the person you wish you could be
and you fake it eventually you look back
and go wait a minute I may have been
faking it but I was actually doing it
and therefore I have become the person I
wanted to be and this leads us back to
what I deemed to be one of the toughest
parts of dealing with depression which
is most of the time I know in my mind I
am only a few steps away from doing
something constructive positive that
makes me feel better and gets that
positive momentum underway but at the
same time I'm comparing that to my
reality in that moment which is I feel
awful and I feel that I would be
betraying myself if I wasn't to
acknowledge that I don't feel right this
whole notion of wanting to be true to
yourself
is often seen as quite a liberating idea
but in the realms of depression and
fighting against
mental struggles I realize is actually
quite inhibiting and it reminds me of
this quote that I've mentioned in many
videos before we are just rehearsing who
we think we are we are not in perpetual
stasis we are constantly evolving and we
can try and push ourselves in a way of
positive momentum or with- but it's not
easy and it hasn't been easy for me I'm
still trying to crack it and you deep
down want to stay true to yourself but
the truth is at any one moment in time
you are just steps away from moving in a
direction of progress and I'm still
trying to work that out I want to be
better than this
but it takes time and progress doesn't
go in a straight line there will be
setbacks here and there yeah I feel in a
very apologetic mood right now I've not
been feeling great about myself lately
although I had a really productive
meeting with a psychiatrist earlier I'm
going to be going into another round of
cognitive behavioral therapy hopefully
and I've got some really great news
coming over the horizon but the fact
that you're still watching and sticking
with me is testament to your love and
respect and I have all of that for you
as well so please know that despite what
my actions may suggest at anytime I
don't take any of you for granted and I
can't wait to get to a point in my life
where I can look back and go I thought I
was never going to get all of this but
we finally did it yeah I'm very much
looking forward to that anyway I love
you all from the bottom of my heart I
will see you next week so adios till
next coin
