hey everyone hope all is well this feels
very strange right now just because I'm
quite out of practice I know I haven't
made videos for a very long time so what
I wanted to do was take this opportunity
today to say I'm still here but I wanted
to break down what's been going on in my
life the past 18 months and why I feel
today is a new beginning which I'm quite
excited about I'm gonna try and be as
quick as possible so in 2013 I had a lot
of problems going on in my personal life
there was a lot I wasn't very happy
about with myself in terms of where I
was positioned in society and in the
YouTube community I felt like that the
life I built up over the years was
slipping away but this new life that I
was moving towards was building up
however I was stuck in the middle
between these two paradigms and I didn't
want to let go of all these things that
I was losing and I wasn't quite
confident enough to fully commit this
future that looks so bright and so I
kind of shut myself off from the world
I've always been someone who does spend
a lot of time by myself I do like to
socialize and go out I am extroverted
but I'm also very introverted in other
ways too
and then going into 2014 I was like this
is the year I'm gonna have a lot of
focus and really go for it because a
video I did interviewing a hero of mine
Jeremy Scahill one of the last questions
I asked him in the video was what is
your advice to people that want to be
investigative journalists once a help in
that sort of way and his advice and I
highly recommend checking the video was
don't wait for someone to come along and
tell you you're a journalist take
yourself seriously as one do it and then
the rest will follow and I feel that's a
really great philosophy about life as a
whole is don't wait for opportunities
you know go out there and hopefully you
will create those open doors or you
actually go out there and find them and
so I was really determined but
unfortunately
head injury came along and it just
turned my life upside down this year has
been a real challenge for me with my
physical and mental health and there's
been a lot of occasions throughout this
year where I'm like is is that was that
really what I'm like was that just me
being clumsy or is it because of my head
and I realized that none of those
questions really matter because the
truth is I am Who I am now and
regardless if some of these things have
been offset in my persona because of
what happens my head this is me I've got
to live with this now so I was all about
shutting myself away realizing that
health comes first and I really needs to
get a lot better but but doing that i I
just felt I was distance distancing
myself even more beyond what was
happening last year from the YouTube
community the activist community friends
family work colleagues and it's been
horrible and it sort of put me in a
state of social paralysis and I've kind
of wanted to curl up in a ball more and
more and it's been really difficult but
this week is the first week I've taken
off work this year and it felt weird
because I've been off work a lot due to
my head but not actually to chew and
relax and so now I'm working at The
Guardian newspaper which is a real step
in the right direction for me in my life
it's going very well I seem to be
helping them out a lot all the people
that work there seem very pleased with
my contributions I love all my work
colleagues they're very much there are
still lots of things from my past that
are still there sort of taunting me so I
was invited to VidCon speak again this
year but I couldn't because of my health
I wasn't invited so some in the city and
it's like you know what times change
I'm not that kid that used to set up
YouTube gatherings I'm not that person
that you know went to YouTube events and
was recognized by everyone it's like
it's the cycle of a product and the
unfortunate thing with being a video
blogger is that product is you as a
person and if you're Sony doesn't pawn a
persona it's you it's your heart it's
your mind and it's all that but I
realize that every year I missed out on
a YouTube gathering event that is like
another generation of youtubers you're
not in tune with and say the fact I've
missed the last two years I realize that
I've sort of been forced into this new
world and I need to accept that and it's
like the biggest most obvious push of
Miles go forward you care about activism
you care about changing the world you
care about rallying people with similar
interests you care about civil liberties
you care about debating people about
issues and philosophies about how do we
make the world a better place with using
the Internet as a vehicle for social
change and the push is so obvious but
there's that bit of insecurity in me
going but what I have known and grown up
with the past eight years on YouTube I
want to stick with but I realized that's
not there anymore it's not there anymore
and it's really hard in my heart and
mind to deal with so in my week off I've
been doing a lot of meditating I've been
trying to get my fitness back because my
health has been awful the past couple of
years and I'm feeling better for it and
this week I've been doing the most
simple things like going through email
deleting emails hundreds of emails there
are people I haven't responded to in
like months so I'm now catching up with
all of them I'm reaching out to people
in the YouTube community saying this is
why I've not been about do you wanna
reconnect and let's do something I've
been going through my facebook just
deleting people I've now reactivated my
Facebook page because I realized that's
where I want to put my public persona or
you focus on Facebook so and I'll put
links at the end Twitter I've become
completely stripping LinkedIn like
Tumblr wanna start as a new website
basically this feels like a fresh start
like I've every aspect of my life
digitally and in reality I'm reaching
out to people haven't spoken to in a
long while I'm just saying hey I'm here
I'm really sorry I've been a really lame
person I
isolating myself from the world but I've
just been very unhappy and I just
haven't been dealing with it very well
I've been dealing with it but I've just
been internalizing it and it's been
destroying me a lot and I miss making
regular videos and I was getting anxiety
for every video I was making because I
just felt lost for all the reasons I've
explained in this video and over the
past year and a half I've been trying to
make a video like this about a new
beginning and it's never come out right
and I've always just turned the camera
off and gone I'm not gonna upload this
but right now like in this moment having
set up this camera today and done this I
feel so much relief like chills up my
spine right now
like I feel like I was gonna regret this
again and I'm not I feel content with
myself I feel like I've opened up on my
platform and just explained that I'm
going through a really difficult time
but I feel like I'm gonna come out of
this a lot stronger I've been working
I've been writing lists of things that I
haven't been happy about with myself and
I'm dealing with them I've heard a lot
of different people recently tell me the
advice don't focus on your weaknesses
focus on your strengths and so I'm
letting go of my weaknesses I'm dealing
with them if they're destructive in my
life but I'm realizing what am I good at
and I've kind of hinted at that during
this video I'm all about community I'm
about activism getting information out
there and just making people feel good
about themselves and so this is a really
pivotal point in my life this is a new
beginning and if I've upset anyone
annoyed anyone due to the way I've been
in the past well whenever in life but
more so in the past year and a half I
deeply apologize but know that I'm
really trying hard to start again and
although my mental health and physical
health isn't perfect yet I'm still
feeling sort of numb here from my head
injury a part of me was like I'll just
wait till my house
percent but I realize we never know when
that is and I need to start living again
as someone who's always been very
ambitious this year has my mind has been
like a prison because I've wanted to do
so much and just haven't been able to so
I'm like let's get on with it now I said
this was going to be a short video but
he cares I just feel really good having
said this so thank you to everyone and
his to the Future love you will and a
days till next time
