hey everyone hope all is well I really
wanted to make this video much sooner
than I have but at the same time I
wanted to wait until my health was much
better and therefore I had a much
clearer mind to express my thoughts and
feelings I want to dedicate this video
today to a great man a fantastic video
blogger and a huge inspiration in my
life
peter oakley who was also known as
geriatric 1927 on youtube who sadly
passed away last month even if you don't
know who he was and i urge you to check
him out because his content is all
online still and to listen to this story
i have to say because this man was the
reason that i became a youtuber in the
first place it was the summer of 2006 i
was on the latter half of my gap year i
just spent six months working at ski
resort in france and i was in the
kitchen of my parents house I was living
with them at the time and while here I
was passively watching BBC news on the
television but there was one particular
story that caught my eye it was about an
elderly man called Peter geriatric 1927
who had posted a video on YouTube that
was getting millions of views called
First Try he was just introducing
himself to the world and I was just
blown away by it he went against this
stereotype that all elderly people were
technophobes and I found that really
inspiring so I went online checked out
the video and it was when I was first
really exposed to YouTube how it worked
and also the community that existed it
was incredibly tiny then but underneath
his video was a list of video responses
all these different people around the
world did their own videos of their
first try of doing a video blog
introducing themselves and it just blew
me away
between the fabrics of these videos was
this YouTube experience and so I made my
own video
a few views and people said that they
liked what I had to say and the rest is
history I ended up making regular
content because of this man who had
decided to put himself out there and
over the years we got chatting as I said
the community was very small and I
actually was privileged enough to go and
meet Peter I drove up to see him and we
did a collaboration together where we
discussed closing the generation gap I
was really fascinated about you know the
fact that an elderly man and a really
young guy met up and we could do a video
together again going against stereotypes
and especially at a time where
traditional media was all about you know
how yuck the IDI on the Treblemakers and
also you know there's a lot of stigma
with the elderly we kind of wanted to
break down those boundaries um Peter was
an incredibly lovely man um he was just
so very inspiring over the years we kept
in touch via Skype we had regular
conversations he would always speak to
my parents as well and he always saw
himself as the youtubes granddad he was
always there for people that watched his
videos he would tell these fantastic
stories and I I was I found it a
privilege that he would take the time to
watch my content um
but over the years unfortunately um we
spoke less and less I think there was a
few reasons for that the main one really
being that um I started off as quite an
immature video blogger which you know he
put up with and he was totally cool
about and so it was when I did these
sort of serious videos that we really
got on well and managed to have some
great conversations but then of course
anyone who's watched me over the years
realizes I have become increasingly
serious and more politically active more
of an activist very anti-establishment
and I remember one particular Skype call
we had where he said that he named
he doesn't want me to worry and you know
he was just really caring and looking
out for me but I knew it was really what
I wanted to do and so we had less and
less to talk about and you can't regret
in life a part of me regrets that we
didn't speak more often we were gonna
Skype chat last year at some point but
we kept missing each other and then
unfortunately I heard the news in
February that he was taken in because he
was ill with cancer this was shortly
after that I had received my head injury
and so I was completely gutted by that
news and I was planning on going to
visit him when I got better and could
you know drive long distances and
unfortunately um I didn't get better in
time and I didn't get to go and see him
and I probably hadn't spoken to him
properly in over a year and I say you
shouldn't regret but deep down you just
wish that you know you can always have
made more effort to establish
connections but at the same time me and
him had a mutual respect that we were
doing our own things and um a phrase
that another hero of mine told me as a
friendship should not be defined by how
often you speak but whether the fact
that when you do speak the the
connection is still there is the quality
of the connection is still there and
that was definitely true with PETA and
we exchanged words from time to time and
he was a great man inspired so many
people so many people that went on to
inspire others I know I've been lucky
enough to encourage people to become
video bloggers and it's just a massive
knock-on effect he really is the
granddaddy of YouTube he made so many
people all around the world you know
consider this technology he truly
believed in it and every talk I've given
about my youtube story even job
interviews I'm starting my new job at
the Guardian soon when I spoke with them
and they asked me
to explain everything I always start
from the beginning the video I saw of
peter oakley jerry and how that was one
of the many eureka moments in my life
where I thought this is technology worth
investing time in and this really could
change the world so yeah I just wanted
to dedicate this video to Peter he done
stuff like the Zimmer's he was a very
humble guy in the very early days he was
swarmed with so much publicity because
of his video he was offered to be flown
all over the world and what I respected
most about him was he said you know the
fame doesn't matter to me and he turned
a lot of things down he says it's about
the connections you have with real
people or sorry the real connections you
have with real people um and I know that
that's an ethos so I definitely carry
with me but then as time went on and
things died down he did you know wish he
reflects in he realized how much he
enjoyed the the large exposure you know
because it's more people to inspire and
share his stories with and that sort of
learning curve was one that I had as
well I was very much about oh it's not
about you know views and exposure but
then you realized that it partly is and
it's about getting the balance between
you know getting exposure and having
your integrity of course if we can get
more people tuning in to what we do well
staying true to ourselves then there's
nothing wrong with that and we learned a
lot together so um yeah I was a I'm
incredibly gutted um that he's passed
and being son who has lost friends I
know three two before I know the really
strange aspects to this which is there
videos live on the content they have put
online will be a part of their legacy
and Peter's legacy will exist within the
hearts and minds of people he has
inspired myself included and those
people that you know as a knock-on
effect get inspired because of of them
so I just want to say out loud pizza I
Love You Man and I will never forget you
I will never stop telling the story and
I don't know how to end this but people
should go check out his videos he was an
amazing man as I started off saying a
huge inspiration and one of the greatest
silver surfers that surfed this world
wide web goodbye Peter and a days
you
that's it really and surely in
conclusion I would say my possibly final
goodbye so goodbye
