hey everyone hope all is well with the
UK general election just days away I
wanted to highlight five websites that
are really worth checking out before
voting they will all be linked in the
video description and if you find this
less useful then please like and share
this video so that others can see it too
number one they work for you calm
actions often speak louder than words so
why not try getting to know your local
MP by simply entering your postcode you
will be notified on who your current
member of parliament is with a variety
of information including their contact
details expenses voting record
appearances and donations received
number two the BBC's manifesto guide
this provides a fantastic overview of
all the political parties running in the
2017 general election and a breakdown of
their manifesto policy proposals which
can be filtered by issue number three UK
dot I sighed with calm still unsure on
which political party best represents
you then this online quiz may help
there's not much to explain here just
answer a series of questions about your
political beliefs and it will present
you with which parties and candidates
best match them number four politics
resources dotnet here you can find a
list of all MPs elected in 2015
ordered by majority this effectively
highlights marginal seats and therefore
which ones could be a close call in the
upcoming election for example Croydon
central was won by Conservative MP Gavin
Barr well with a majority of just 165
votes
therefore if you're a conservative
supporter with some free time living
nearby then that would be an ideal place
to campaign in the final days in an
attempt to build on that majority on the
other hand if you are a supporter of
Labour who came a close second here in
2015 then you would know it was worth
campaigning here in the final days in an
attempt to switch it from blue to red on
Thursday and finally number five swap my
vote calm unfortunately we live with the
first-past-the-post voting system
meaning there are many voters out there
in a situation where they feel
hell to vote against someone as opposed
to voting for someone what my vote has
been set up to help those of you stuck
in that situation for example if you're
a Labour voter in a safe conservative
seat where the Liberal Democrats are the
second strongest party you may use this
website to say hey I'll vote Liberal
Democrats if someone else out there
votes for the Labour Party in a seat
where they have a chance of winning so
there are plenty of websites for you to
check out over the next few days and if
you have any suggestions of your own
then please let us know in the comment
section of this video I'd like to
quickly apologize for my absence from
video making the past few weeks but
unfortunately my camera broke and it
actually happened when I was setting up
to film my brother's wedding the other
week not good timing however thanks the
amazing support of my patrons out there
I was able to get the costly repairs
sorted as soon as possible so thank you
so so much
I'll therefore be back to posting a new
video every week so be sure to subscribe
to my YouTube channel and like my
Facebook page if you haven't already
thank you so much for watching take care
of yourselves and ad8 til next time
you
