I find it quite remarkable how one
mundane experience i once had on my
commute time from work turned out to be
a profound metaphor for society as a
whole before telling the story I should
let you know that I was invited on the
401 show this week to give some basic
advice on dealing with the dark sides of
social media so afterwards please check
that video out if you'd be so kind once
upon a time on an average evening after
work I boarded my train home at
Paddington Station in London and as
usual I managed to get a seat because I
always just missed the previous fast
train home so I end up having to wait 30
minutes and then get ahead of the crowd
as a trainer eyes in the station because
the national rail app gives you advance
warning you know what I don't need to
tell you this I'm sorry commutes are
boring okay the train starts filling up
with people in the ten minutes leading
up to departure once all the chairs are
taken people have to stand in the aisles
and once the aisles are full up they
have to stand by the toilets and the
doors it always gets completely packed
to the point that you're like this the
person next to you and even for those
lucky enough to get a seat it's a pretty
uncomfortable atmosphere especially when
you consider the majority of people have
just done a full day's work just a few
minutes to go before the train departs
and I suddenly hear a man behind me near
one of the doors complaining out loud ah
this is so crammed he said why should we
pay for seats when we don't get any this
shouldn't be allowed they call this a
service and in my head I thought yes we
get it I have to put up with this every
day and you don't hear me complaining
out loud so chill alright but then just
as I was about to open my mouth I
rationalized and I had some revised
thoughts pop into my head wait no he
shouldn't shut up he has a right to be
angry with the situation and furthermore
none of us should have to put up with
this I pay around 370 pounds a month to
travel to and from work and in the
mornings I rarely get a seat everything
that man exclaimed was completely valid
and as I looked around the train all I
could see was a cattle truck full of
apathy and I was a part of it now am I
suggesting that the passengers would be
better off vocalizing their anger like
that man did as one massive choir no am
I suggesting that the passengers could
have collectively come up with a
solution there and then no but
it made me think about how often you see
people arguing about injustice when
actually they are on the same side I
remember when Occupy Wall Street first
started out and there were quite a few
people making remarks such as why are
these people protesting I work two jobs
with insane hours and you don't see me
complaining but they should be
complaining that's the point not about
Occupy Wall Street but about those
responsible for the economic and
justices that have caused them to become
ultimate wage slaves and when you think
about it that is a mountainous version
of what would have happened on that
train if I had spoken out loud and told
that man to shut up the angry man was
right to speak out because in doing so
it made myself and quite possibly other
people on the train reflect on a
situation that we all despised in times
of struggle and hardship we must do our
very best to remain level headed because
when we let emotions take over we risk
hurting those who actually want the same
justice as you and I
don't you just love the comfy feelings
of brand-new hoodies thanks man
