hey everyone hope all is well I was
planning on starting 2014 with my 2013
and a vlog she'll round up video but
sometimes inspiration to do a different
video first just hits you in the head so
any of you who follow me on social media
Facebook and Twitter will know that the
past few weeks I have been dealing with
post concussion syndrome
I received a head injury it was a good
start to the year I was in the studio
with my band for two weeks recording our
new EP I was really wanting to get my
2013 and vlog shell video done I was
approaching the weekend I was finally
gonna get this video done and it was
gonna be a great start I was gonna start
making regular content again that week
my bosses were leaving the company I
worked at which was quite sad and
devastating and shocking and then at the
end of the week we were playing to go
out for drinks with our new boss most
people were in meetings at this time it
was just coming up to three o'clock and
nature calls I needed to go to the
toilet I went into one of the cubicles
and I closed the door behind me the next
thing I remember is being hit on the
head by something looking down at my
feet I'm still standing sore slashed
against the wall and everything is
completely smashed my head felt wet I
looked at my right hand I saw a spot of
red which must be blood so I touched
with my left hand and I felt a groove I
go out the cubicle door shout for help
go into my office and I didn't want to
alert anyone well I wanted to get their
attention but didn't want to scare
anyone so in a very proper British
manner I said I need a tissue blood is
pouring out of my head and the roof has
just caved in on me that's what I
assumed what had happened my colleagues
who were in the room rushed over they
made sure I kept pressure applied to my
head and then the paramedics came I
don't know how long it was it was pretty
quick one of them came in and I was like
oh hey and in another two came in and I
went oh hey quite shocked that there was
three of them just for me like I didn't
think I was really worth three of them
fussing over me but the second paramedic
who came in was a very attractive girl
they Inslee thought as well as everyone
in the room that I was kind of flirting
maybe it was subconscious at that point
I was pretty out of it quite white in
the face in a lot of shock obviously pay
for the camera for my social media
thought may as well try and get a few
likes out of it while I'm in this moment
of pure insanity disclaimer channel flip
who I work for don't actually own the
building
so before anyone says shame on them no
they've been very good for me for many
reasons so one of my colleagues ditches
the drinks and comes with me to the
hospital
they got me checked in and I probably
waited 1 or 2 hours
they cleaned up my head checked all my
motor skills if I could move about and
they're all my eyes and I was checked
out fine they then glued my head
together
you'll still be able to see bits now I
stayed for Anna colleagues house that
night who took good care of me felt very
lucky to have that I was very paranoid
going to sleep that night because I
obviously didn't want in the night so
you roll over onto my head so I found a
way of doing it having the pillow I put
my fist like that so I wouldn't be able
to lean into it and then I actually
brought my legs up at a right angle so I
was like acting as if I was sitting on a
chair although you don't really sit on
the chair like that it would have been
hard for me to roll that way and the
chances of me rolling all the way that
way were even slimmer and it worked
because I woke up the next day in
exactly the same position so what hit me
it turns out that in front of the system
on the toilet there is a panel with a
metal edge and it's screwed in in two
places and basically when I close the
door for some reason it was loose and it
fell forward a few days later I got
checked out by a doctor of my speech
started to deteriorate I was only able
really to speak like half sentences
before forgetting what I was talking
about that was incredibly scary I was
feeling constant nausea confusion
sickness and dizziness so when I got
checked out by the doctor he said
luckily whatever hit me hit the hardest
part of my skull and I'm lucky to be
alive and actually what doctors and
professionals and the paramedics kept
asking was did I get knocked out thank
God I didn't get knocked out because if
I had passed out in that toilet the
cubicle doesn't actually have a gap
underneath the door so who is gonna
unlock a toilet cubicle door between the
hours of 3:00 and 6:00 we've been
working hours I would have just bled out
and yeah let's not think about that the
what-ifs really play on my mind a lot
like what if I had been
sitting on the toilet when it happened
or what if it was someone else who'd
gone in there in a weird way I'm kind of
glad this happened to me just because I
am alright well as alright as I'm not
dead but hey this is the early outcome
that we know exists unless we start
talking about
if parallel universes but whether or not
I'm alright a lot of people say well at
least there isn't any permanent damage
but it's been 22 days now and I'm still
feeling the effects I'm still numb in
the left side of my face if I start
walking anywhere I start feeling like
travel sickness this came through the
post the other day from my colleagues at
work because they've really felt for me
and it's why I love him so much and I do
regarded his family oh yeah it was my
birthday on February 17th and on my
birthday I try to go back to work and I
wasn't feeling great so I left again and
then that evening I just slept and felt
sorry for myself all my birthday plans I
cancelled and stuff like that and I have
all these projects I want to do and just
when I'm stuck at home I can't do
anything like I don't know if I'm even
gonna be able to get this video edited I
just want to get back to normal but when
I went for this second checkup the
doctor said do you want a brain scan and
I was kind of like well you're the
doctor like I'm open to the possibility
of having a brain scan if that's what
you think's best if that's what you're
asking and so he phoned up a neurologist
who said yeah head down to A&E so there
is no internal damage or internal
bleeding I'm just dealing with symptoms
and unfortunately the scary thing is it
can last weeks it can last mumps and
some circumstances it can last years I
think if this lasts any more than a
couple of weeks I'm just I'm gonna cry
and so with all that in mind that's why
I look rough it's why I sound rough my
verbal agility is definitely not up to
scratch and I really hope it comes back
soon because especially with a lot of
the activism and I've got a talk in
London in a couple weeks I still need to
write my speech for z-day details in the
description I just want to be better and
so thank you for all the kind words and
all the support I've received from
people
over the world his in times like this
you feel so vulnerable and you really
unfortunately in times when you're
experiencing lost II really appreciate
the things that really matter having a
clear head being conscious being healthy
is so precious and the fact that I feel
sick the moment I start walking across
the room is it's crushing but cell Ave
and what I found interesting was when I
spoke to friends in America a lot of
them were asking well how much has this
put you back how much has it cost you
know you've been picked up in the
ambulance been checked into I na having
my head glued back together going for
these regular checkups having an MRI
scan and a neurologist look over it and
give me the verdict it's cost me nothing
because of the National Health Service
the NHS we have in the UK it's a
fantastic institution sure it's not
perfect it does have its issues but I
think it's a real shame that our
government seems so eager to privatize
it I put some links in the description
please look look into it and do all you
can because hopefully this is a
testament to and why it's worth saving
and finally 2013 and a vlog show I am
gonna do it but I just wanted to take
that pressure off of that being the
first video I put up this year it will
go up at some point but right now I'm
all focused on getting better and
hopefully doing weekly videos because I
miss doing regular vlogs and I hope
you'll subscribe and stick around love
you we'll add es to the next time
but if I was to have one gripe just one
gripe about the NHS it's that they
didn't seem to have a problem with
making me look like little bo-peep but I
guess I can live with that
