hey everyone hope all is well my name is
Miles dire I am the founder of stick aid
and this is everything you need to know
about stick aid 2013 let's go what is
stick aid stick aid is an annual 24-hour
non-stop live broadcast done to raise
money for charity where does the money
go it helps UNICEF but this year will be
specifically supporting UNICEF's Syria
children's a pill who is involved this
year white Oh Jimmy 0010 what about Adam
365 days fleurdeforce Emma blackery Luke
is not sexy fun for Louie boyinaband
Bing mawande cherry wallace patty
walters mr. Weebl ashens Laura bubble
Doug Dean Dobbs musical Bethan little
reg random pudding they will all be
paired up and hosting to our segments
each in which they will do whatever they
can to raise money for charity I on the
other hand like every other year will be
up for the full 24 hours hosting
throughout and there are still many many
more guests to be announced when is it
it starts at 12pm gmt on saturday
november 23rd and finishes 24 hours
later at 12pm gmt on sunday november 24
but that's day of the doctor I know I
know lots of people have been saying
this and unfortunately we had booked the
venue long before the Doctor Who event
was announced so this was unavoidable
however from my perspective doctor who
can wait the children of Syria however
they can't they really need our help so
please try and tune in and donate
whenever you can where can i watch it
you can watch it on youtube com forward
slash dickade be sure to subscribe to
our YouTube channel follow us on Twitter
and like us on Facebook so you are
notified as soon as we go live is there
a live studio audience yes there is for
just ten pounds you can enjoy a
four-hour segment of the show where you
are on camera get to hang out the stick
a team and maybe even get involved with
some of the show itself there are only
50 tickets per segment so be quick
details in the description and why not
come for the full 24 hours how can i
donate this year we're using an
excellent new platform called givi which
will really help with the interactive
pneus of the show all the youtubers
involved in and have their very own
personalized donation URL all the
details are in the description but in
the meantime why not donate to give
e-comm forward slash stick aid and if
you're donating from the
okay how cool is this there are going to
be so many games challenges for Fitz
prizes to give away throughout the 24
hours so sign up today so you don't miss
out how else can I help stick aid this
sounds very simple but it's just
spreading the word subscribe to this
channel like this video share it
everywhere tell everyone you know using
the stick head hashtag Twitter Facebook
Google+ you name it I know stick aid has
been away for two years it's been very
hard work bringing it back but we've got
such a special event lined up this year
and I know that you're going to enjoy it
oh I've got another question if you have
any other questions or remarks and leave
them in the comments below and one of
the stick a team will get back to you
ASAP thank you so much for the support
and I will see you there on stick aid
2013 love you and Elliot until next time
