hey everyone hope all is well like many
people in the world I am a meat-eater
and one of the main reasons for this is
because growing up I was very fussy with
my food meat seemed like the easier
tastier option but over the years I have
got better and I'd like to regard myself
now as a borderline vegetarian I'm very
very close but I'm interested to know
how many of you out there are vegetarian
or vegan and if so for what reasons and
I'd also like to know if there was the
possibility of eating meat without the
need of slaughtering any animal would
you do that because I believe very very
soon we will in fact have that choice
I'm sure many of you know of the
celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay who has a
real reputation for being tough
ruthless and blunt well I will never
forget quite a few years ago now seeing
him on a TV show where he saw a pig that
he was going to cook get stunned hung up
and slaughtered and I think he even
asked if the pig was alright at one
point which it clearly wasn't when it
happened he went completely white in the
face and for me that was just a great
example of what happens when the
out-of-sight out-of-mind
mentality is no longer there and some
people say you shouldn't eat meat unless
you have the capacity to kill an animal
yourself and that's partly the reason
why I feel like such a hypocrite with my
own eating habits I mean I hate the way
animals are bred for food I'm disgusted
by many of the instances in which
they're treated and I certainly can kill
one myself yet I still choose to eat
meat okay time to inject some positivity
into this video I truly believe that in
the next 20 years approximately we will
be able to produce meat to the masses
without killing any animals and I know
what you're thinking how 3d printing
have you ever heard of it it is a
fantastic process in which you get a
digital model and use it to produce a
solid three-dimensional object think of
an ink prints of
for example you design what you want on
a computer and then create a physical
copy
except it's two-dimensional so imagine
using multiple layers and instead of
using ink using whatever material you
want this technology is incredibly
exciting and will no doubt revolutionize
the world I have a few examples of where
it's been used already I can start with
a very recent example of an American
patient who had 75% of their skull
replaced with a 3d printed implant and
then there is the work of surgeon
Anthony Atala who managed to 3d print a
bladder which was given to a young
patient and more recently he is 3d
printed a kidney now this is still in
early development because although it
has the structure of a kidney it doesn't
quite yet have the functionality but
still it's just incredible what we can
do already and if we were to look at
things on an even bigger scale like
seriously huge machines 3d printers
could one day replace some of the most
dangerous jobs in the construction
industry you know what I'm getting to
see right if we can work out the
molecular properties the molecular
construct of meat surely we could print
it well scientists are already working
on it but unfortunately the first 3d
printed burger is expected to cost three
hundred thousand dollars and I'm
guessing you're not that hungry but as
is the case with all technology it
starts off being very expensive because
they have to cover research and
development costs and then over time it
will get cheaper as it enters the
mainstream can you imagine us all having
fabricators like on Star Trek awesome
now there will be many people claiming
that printed meat
can't be good for you because it's not
natural however on the flip side I'd
argue that being natural isn't always a
good thing
after all tsunamis are natural cancer
cells are natural bacteria is natural
and therefore we need to put science in
place to optimize conditions and improve
things where necessary we could produce
the highest quality meat ever made and
not have to slaughter one animal isn't
that exciting and now you can see why
I'm so interested in the future and
technology so X
back to many more videos like this just
make sure you click Subscribe if you
haven't already so you are notified when
my next video goes up so whether you are
a vegan vegetarian or meat-eater what do
you think of my prediction of there
being an age of the ethical meat eater
do you think it will come true and if it
does would you actually eat meat if you
knew it hadn't cost a life in the first
place really interested to hear your
thoughts be sure to put them in the
comments below don't forget to like the
video and as always ideas - next time
