hey everyone I just came through the
front door um after a long day at work
and it takes me about an hour and a half
to get home each day and I'm just very
stressed at the moment especially the
last couple of weeks I'll get home from
work and just look at the mail pull
myself a glass water then go straight to
bed and let the cycle repeat um and I've
been stressed out with trying to
organize decade a lot of issues there
got death in the family just problems
like everyone else has in the world will
have problems I know I've got it a lot
better than a lot of people but still
pain and stress is relative so I'm
trying to deal with it in my own way but
um as I sat on the stairs looking
through the mail I got this letter and
it really speaks for itself so I'm just
going to read it but I'm afterwards I
was just sat on the stairs for about 10
minutes and tears it took my breath away
and I decided not to go to bed straight
away and set up my camera and just read
it to you because I'm I get a lot of
letters like this I'm over the past five
six years and they never fail to inspire
me and I just do read every single one
of them I may not reply individually but
it does mean a lot and keep me going so
thank you hi miles my name is Aiza
forgive me if I have your name wrong to
begin with I think that says either if
not I'm correct me and i will change it
in the description my name is Aiza and
I'm polish so excuse my English because
it's far from being perfect I've been
watching your videos for almost a year
now firstly i watch them to listen to a
proper english language to improve my
listening skills and i realized that
most of what you say does actually make
a lot of sense at some point I had a
crush on you and even watched your
weekly live show it took me some time to
really focus on your words and think
about the ideas you try to convey
they I've had one of those bad days and
I feel alone and stupid depressed ? I
watched your you are not alone video and
it helped me go through the day without
hurting myself you help me again thank
you I thought I'd let you know you
helped another person survive another
day either I think what really touches
me about that is is just the whole thing
about being human language and the fact
that we were able to connect because
they made the effort to speak the same
language as me and it kind of just goes
with my philosophy about life that if
everyone spoke the same language or had
true understanding of what each other's
intentions were and we were able to
openly convey how we were feeling
there'd be a lot less pain in the world
and a lot more resolution so thank you
for that and a ds2 next time
I'm so glad that video still continues
to help people and although i can't help
people on an individual basis is the
reason i create these videos so that
even when I am doing other stuff my
words and advice can still reach out to
people so thank you for that
