hey everyone hope all is well there is
definitely something that significantly
changed about me the past few years but
it's something I've never really
addressed to camera like this which is I
have become increasingly serious in the
way that I conduct myself and in the
things that I talked about on my videos
and I know there are a lot of people out
there who are like our miles i missed
the good old days when you were a lot
more random ah free-spirited will you
get tell by the way I use now what come
a worm has been no time to talk but the
truth is we all change and if you look
at the very first video I ever made on
YouTube and compare it to now or just
watch the videos over the years you see
there has been progression and a lot of
it comes down to experience and
education I've been very lucky because
in my videos some people wonder why i'm
so into talking about myself and what i
do and it's because i have gained so
much positivity from being a part of the
youtube community and making these
videos and by expressing the success
that I have and the things I wish to
achieve I hope it will encourage other
people to emulate the same things and I
think in many cases it has worked but if
we're talking about me being serious
it's just the fact that it's a very
serious world and I think there is so
much comedy and funny stuff on the web
you don't need me to do that I like
posing questions that spark discussion
and conversation because there is so
much wrong in the world that needs
addressing and I guess the fundamental
reason is because of the positivity I
have received from having this approach
and every time I am out and about
whether I'm meeting strangers friends
family I will test the airwaves of
conversation and I will try and bring up
the issues that
I think matter I will say to them what
matters to you and they baby wanting to
talk about the sport or you know comedic
things going on but I do bring it down
to a level of seriousness because nine
times out of ten at the end of the
conversation I see it in their eyes
their eyes open and as I've mentioned
before I've had people kind of burst
into tears which I sometimes feel bad
about but it's for a good reason they go
I never realized that there were people
that thought about things this much and
they no longer felt alone and the reason
I am so serious now is because I feel so
alive the more you educate yourself and
the more aware you are about the world
around you you know the more conscious
you are the more alive you are and I
guess I always use the metaphor of like
being on a life-support machine being in
a coma I think there are so many people
in the world like that today and people
are slowly waking up but they can't do
it on their own if they haven't been
shown the means of being able to
question and think for themselves you
know to be a decent teacher is not about
telling people what to think but telling
people how to think but just because I'm
primarily serious doesn't mean I don't
also have a light-hearted side I mean
yeah perhaps I need to show that
light-hearted side more in my tweets
Facebook updates and YouTube videos um
but uh you know I'm in a band I am going
in the studio next week to record vocals
for our debut album I'm in a new YouTube
project called the live blog which you
should definitely check out I go running
I do exercise I hang out with friends
and I just enjoy life i do what i can to
enjoy things this is one wants a satyr
camera really if you're worried about me
it's okay to be worried but I'm telling
you I'm fine and if there's ever a
problem you'll know about it because
that's what this channel is all been
about I'm not censoring myself and just
throwing everything out there because if
I'm completely an open and truthful
which is my main philosophy in life you
have no reason to suspect
thing else so on that night have a good
one and a days till next time love you
I can never make up my mind about how
zoomed in the camera should be when
doing my videos so perhaps you can help
me now I'm going to slowly zoom in and
you can tell me at what point is the
optimal moment always this get to place
