if you're ever against the establishment
it's very easy just to go do see no
consequence easy but I'm not about that
there are a lot of arguments against the
monarchy it is a latest it is tainted
with religious ethnic and gender
discrimination it devalues the
parliamentary system it encourages
people to sing a national anthem they
don't truly believe in it d values
intellect and achievement and they're
not accountable but I don't really want
to press on those issues specifically
back in May this year Queen Elizabeth
the second gave a speech to Parliament
in which she sat on a gold chair with a
hat made of diamonds about austerity
measures and for me it was just
outrageous whilst amusing at the same
time because it just it seemed like it
was a comedy sketch it just was very
very surreal as is with most things that
are traditional in the 21st century and
there were politicians their politicians
are men of represent us using their
expertise to sort out the current
problems in society and in the world as
a whole in the name of tradition for
that period of time they have suspended
their integrity just to stand there in
which I'm sure in their heads they're
going can't believe we're still doing
this you know it just seems so backwards
that these politicians who have
responsibilities are just accepting that
because if they accept that to be
normality then what else do they find
acceptable in society which as far as
I'm concerned is backwards as and
the second point I'd like to bring up I
think it's desirable as a human race to
create a global society where everyone
has equal opportunity the only people I
believe are against that are those that
are in the mindset that one person's
gain is another person's loss and it
will always be that way because of
scarcity discussion for another time but
even if we've been idealistic and the
thing I say about I you know being
idealistic is that's dreaming that's
foresight that's looking off in the
distance and saying that's where I want
to be and any distance we achieve up to
that point even if we don't reach that
is progress and surely that's a good
thing and in regards to class and social
mobility there's a family
either is only rewarded because of the
family they were born into which surely
is what we're against the whole point is
it doesn't matter what family you're
born into everyone should have the
necessities of life and yes the Queen
the royal family does do a lot of
charity but is it always about money
because people go oh it's about tourism
it surely it's about the values you know
it there are lots of things in life that
can make money there are lots of things
that can do stuff for charity but if the
integrity and the value system is
apparent then I don't think that should
exist in my opinion so in conclusion to
this video I am by no means saying that
everything that has happened under the
royal family is bad I'm not saying it's
outrageous people should be ashamed for
supporting the royal family all I'm
saying is think about it if we are ever
to progress to create a much freer and
better culture in which people have
equal opportunities the royal family has
no place in that vision because as long
as that institution sticks it will
forever be a reflection of what was
wrong in the past and that's all I have
to say on this weekend of the diamond
jubilee so if you're out celebrating it
have a good time but just think and get
back to me on why you're celebrating it
oh yes the next time
I've met members of the royal family and
they're lovely people they're people
that have been brought up in a certain
environment and they've made the most of
it and they can't be faulted for that
but their titles and what they represent
in society that is what I have a problem
with and therefore it's not a personal
attack
