at least 58 people now dead more than
500 people wounded in a horrific
shooting on the Las Vegas Strip it's the
deadliest mass shooting in modern United
States history police say a 64 year old
Nevada man you see his picture there
named Steven paddock opened fire last
night on a Country Music Festival he
opened fire from the 32nd floor of the
Mandalay Bay Hotel across the street
from the concert hall police say he was
armed with at least 10 rifles from that
vantage point country music star Jason
Aldean was playing for thousands of fans
22,000 fans just after 10:00 p.m. last
night Sunday night when the gunman began
unloading hundreds of rounds into the
crowd a concert goer captured the video
of that moment we need to warn you of
course it's extremely upsetting both to
watch and to hear
sumit the concert thought it was
firecrackers some thought it was
something wrong with the audio they say
it took them just a few moments to
realize what was happening and there was
a sound like it was pyro like his pyro
misfiring and why was it right and why
is there pyrotechnics going off now it
was like today and then a few minutes
later and when it didn't stop we all
realized what was happening
and found not only was the sound but it
was also the shells that were actually
public down oh it's having them on the
deck of the stage yeah I witness to say
the gunshots continued for 10 perhaps 15
minutes fans described on our chaos in
those moments panic people desperately
running for their lives trying to find
someplace to hide but the gunman just
kept shooting from the broken window you
can see in the picture there that's
floor 32 of the Mandalay Bay law
enforcement finally able to break into
that hotel room using explosives on the
door police found the shooter dead
presumably of a self-inflicted wound
police say they believe he was working
alone the FBI just moments ago saying no
connection has been found between the
gunman and any international terrorist
group president Trump spoke a short time
ago calling this an act quote of pure
evil
and saying so many families now just
shattered hundreds of our fellow
citizens are now mourning the sudden
loss of a loved one a parent a child a
brother or sister we cannot fathom their
pain we cannot imagine their loss to the
families of the victims we are praying
for you and we are here for you
president also said he will visit Las
Vegas on Wednesday
