I was not buying that stuff that show
with the owners kneeling with the
players or the arms locked up I wasn't
buying it because they're forgetting why
this whole thing has happened if they
want to stop it they want to know if the
players Colin Kaepernick's you have a
job and NFL for them to say we're all
United
but we're forgetting the reason why I
was hoping started but do you think it's
a do you think it's a black ball
situation 100% because of his cuz
because because people do not like what
he does what he did but now the whole
league I think it's a business I think
it's a business decision I think I I
believe that you own a business right
and you had the most qualified employee
right coming in which he is very
qualified shit you know do you get
really quick Matt does not to mess up
your flow 32 teams in the league oh
there any teams well he could be the
starting quarterback right now okay all
right yes yes but my point is if you if
you could hire that person and but at
the same time you had that fear that
word you may lose a large amount of your
clientele your client base I got it I
got answer for you I can support you
Branch Rickey
nobody else where somebody made the
decision okay Branch Rickey made the
decision after Mel says I've gotta hire
no matter what remember Bell says I'm
hiring Jackie Robbins okay so here I was
a business it was a business guess what
they made lots of money from it it was
risky at first but here's the thing
here's the thing where do we go in for
always gonna be tricky today where do we
see the horrors could be in a branch
rickey and get Colin Kaepernick a job I
want to just introduce Kevin that cos
got a job
where he is a leader of a movement he
made a decision to put his career on the
line
I salute Kalin consume I hate reading
Plato playing football is what he'd do
that place
