when he starts tweeting about the NFL
and whether people are kneeling napping
standing or you know singing it
distracts national attention we spent
all weekend talking about this NFL
controversy which is a fabricated
controversy by Donald Trump he's chasing
windmills dressed in football uniforms
when there are three and a half million
Americans American citizens they are our
brothers and sisters they are our
responsibility the same way that the
folks affected by Katrina were a
responsibility Harvey and Irma in my
state were our responsibility we are
part of the big American family the
president of the United States has got
to be laser focused on this they are
imperiled people have died more people
will die they are in stifling heat they
have no water they have no electricity
we don't we haven't heard from so many
of them we don't know if they are dead
or alive desperate family members here
trying to know something learn anything
about their family and the lame pathetic
excuse for a precedent that is Donald
Trump is tweeting about the NFL while
Americans are dying and while Americans
are in this level of need he should be
talking about one thing and one thing
only Puerto Rico Puerto Rico Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico not tweeting against John
McCain not tweeting against the NFL
