the NFL has all different types of rules
you can't have stickers on your helmet
you have to have your uniforms tucked in
what the president is saying and I think
the owner should meet and they should
vote on a rule this is about respect for
our military this is about respect for
our first responders this is not about
Republicans or Democrats players have
the right for free speech off the field
on the field this is about respect for
lots of people and I don't understand
why there's rules that when the Dallas
Cowboys wanted to put stickers on their
helmets out of respect for people there
they couldn't do it but now the NFL is
saying people should be able to decide
what they want to do and disrespect the
United States flag well two to play
devil's advocate here first of all these
players don't think they're
disrespecting the United States flag
they think that they are engaging in
peaceful protests of what they see is
racial oppression and inequities and as
you know Roger Goodell the head of the
NFL and all a whole host of team owners
including Robert Kraft who is a friend
of President Trump have issued
statements supporting their players
right to do this and criticizing the
president's comments including Robert
Kraft specifically criticizing the
president's tone why is this a fight
that the president wants to have I don't
think it's a question of a fight that
the president wants to have he thinks
this is about respect for the military
and so many people who put their lives
at risk and what the country stands for
and the owner should meet and they
should decide on this rule the way they
decide on any other rule again you know
for as long as I can remember people
have stood in honor of the country this
isn't about politics if people want to
talk politics off the field when they're
not working for the NFL they have the
absolute right to do that
