former US Attorney Preet Bharara now
says he believes President Trump would
have asked him to do something
inappropriate if he had not been fired
Barrera was let go in March along with
45 other US attorneys appointed by
President Obama while not unusual for
presidents to ask holdover attorneys to
go the move was shocking to Barrera and
observers Ferrara had said that the
President had personally told him that
he wanted him to stay
Ferrara has since become a vocal critic
of the president he joins us now for his
first appearance as a CNN senior legal
analyst preper ara thanks so much for
joining us good to have you as part of
the team so the first question I have
for you is you expressed concern that
President Trump would have asked you to
do something inappropriate that's a
strong charge to make what exactly do
you think he might have asked you to do
it's not a charge it's just my belief
from my perspective based on what
happened over time and based on what
I've observed he has said to other
people among other things as we all know
in the public record and I credit this
he had a private meeting with Jim Comey
after he told two other people including
his Attorney General to leave the room
and told him essentially to lay off the
investigation of Michael Flynn we now
know some weeks later that at one point
he talked to his own attorney general
Jeff Sessions and suggested is there
something we can do
to back off on the case against the
sheriff in Arizona Joe Arpaio those are
two bits of evidence and then we have
from my own experience the President of
the United States both as president
elect and then as president calling me
on the phone a number of times which is
unprecedented unusual the number of
times Barack Obama called me in seven
and a half years was zero to have a
chitchat conversation I'm not saying
it's a certainty but I'm saying based on
what I know and based on the oddity of
being called on a repeated basis and
based on what happened with these other
two gentlemen Jim Comey and Jeff
Sessions that at some point I believe he
would have asked me to do something
inappropriate any ideas of what he might
have asked you to do one does I
bethought I'm not going to speculate but
there's a lot of things that are
swirling around in the world so a
Special Counsel Robert roller has
requested extensive records and email
correspondence from the White House
including records relating to the
president's discussions about firing
Comey
his response to news that his former
national security adviser was under
investigation I am NOT a lawyer but I
can't think of anything this would mean
other than Robert Muller is at least
trying to figure out if there is enough
evidence for a charge against the
president of obstruction of justice am I
wrong so I am a lawyer and now I get to
play one on TV yeah so that's great look
I think everything you see from our
armchair seats
suggests that Robert Muller is gonna
chase down everything that might suggest
a crime has been committed by any
associate colleague relative of the
president and also the President himself
that does not mean that there will be a
referral to the House of Representatives
for impeachment that does not mean
there's gonna be a charge against anyone
but I think Bob muddler based on my
knowledge of him and based on I think
what his lifetime of service as a
prosecutor as an FBI director indicates
is that he's gonna look at everything
and one of the obstruction
I think clearly one of the things he's
going to be looking at is obstruction I
think any prosecutor or investigator who
sees the evidence that has come forward
including the firing of Jim Comey
including the conversations about how
much the President did not like the
Russia investigation including what he
said about Michael Flynn all of that
together paints a picture of potential
obstruction and Bob Muller is a thorough
and and serious person and fearless and
I think he's got to go there so help me
out with this part of it
CNN's Pamela brown reported that as part
of the investigation Muller interviewed
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
about his role in trumps firing of Comey
Rosenstein also oversees Muller
that's obviously because the Attorney
General had to recuse himself for other
reasons do you have any concerns about
the person overseeing the investigation
also being a witness potentially to
possible crimes committed that Muller is
looking into doesn't that seem like a
huge conflict of interest
it seems odd you know there's been a lot
of controversy on in the mind of the
president about Jeff Sessions recusing
himself he said repeatedly that had he
known Jeff Sessions was gonna recuse
himself he wouldn't have appointed him
the Attorney General but now we have I
think you're right it's it's odd and
unusual that a person who is putative ly
overseeing the investigation also is a
witness we also know for example and I
know I know rod and I think he's a good
person
we were colleagues together as US
attorneys but we do know that he had
some role in putting forth what I think
most people think was a pretextual basis
for the firing of Jim
to the extent that an obstruction
investigation relies a little bit on the
facts relating to the firing of Jim
Comey it would seem that there's a
conflict what what I think people should
want to know is whether or not like Jeff
Sessions the Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosen Stein has consulted with the top
ethics advisors in the department and
gotten clearance to continue and if not
then he shouldn't
all right Preet Bharara thank you so
much we have a lot more to discuss about
this and I'm glad you're on board now
we'll have you on a lot to talk about it
thank you so much
