the latest effort to overhaul Obamacare
Graham Cassidy offered by Republican
senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy
could come to the Senate floor for a
vote this week now already two
Republican senators have said they are
no votes Rand Paul and John McCain one
more no vote will kill the bill so all
eyes gaze northward to Maine to Senator
Susan Collins who over the summer along
with McCain and Senator Lisa Murkowski
voted nay
thus for killing the previous repeal and
replace effort how will Collins vote on
Graham Cassidy
well senator Collins joins us now
senator good to see you as always your
vote is pivotal on the Graham Cassidy
health care bill where are you yes or no
Jake it's very difficult for me to
envision a scenario a scenario where I
would end up voting for this bill I have
a number of serious reservations about
it I'm concerned about the impact on the
Medicaid program which has been on the
books for more than 50 years and
provides health care to our most
vulnerable citizens including disabled
children and low-income seniors I'm
concerned about the impact on costs and
coverage we already have a problem under
the Affordable Care Act with the cost of
premiums and deductibles and finally I'm
very concerned about the erosion of
protections for people with pre-existing
conditions like asthma arthritis cancer
diabetes and what it would mean to them
I imagine you've been on the phone with
other uncommitted senators like Lisa
Murkowski and also probably with the
White House how those conversations been
going I have had a lot of conversations
over the weekend with numerous of my
colleagues on both sides of the aisle
and I had a very lengthy conversation
with the vice president yesterday as
always with the vice president he was
very cordial he made the case he asked
me to think more thoroughly about some
issues I I told him about the very
analyses of the impact that concerned me
he told me he would get me more numbers
on the impact on the state of Maine and
on the nation so you say you find it
difficult to envision any scenario you
would vote for Graham Cassidy is that a
no then what I am doing is as is my
general practice is I would like to see
the Congressional Budget Office analysis
which is expected to come out tomorrow
morning and I am worried about whether
CBO's been given enough time to
thoroughly analyze this bill which has
been a moving target even over the
weekend I was receiving emails
suggesting that the sponsors of the bill
are still changing the formula so it may
be difficult for CBO to do the kind of
in-depth analysis that it usually does
but that's what I would like to see
before making a final decision
but it may be that CBO is going to say
that this is impossible because the
parameters of the bill keep changing so
you see oh you want to see a CBO score
as you note there have been other
studies of the impact of Graham Cassady
let me put some of the numbers on the
screen from some of these studies 20
months with 21 million fewer Americans
covered that's from Brookings States
losing 215 billion dollars that's from a
Valier 31 states losing money that's
from Kaiser as you know the CBO score
even even if you get it in time for the
vote it's probably only going to look at
the impact on the deficit and not look
at the impact on the on the issues you
talk about Medicaid the total number of
uninsured what information could the CBO
possibly provide you that might make you
support the Graham Cassidy bill well I
actually expect that CBO is either going
to reinforce those studies that you've
just mentioned all of which I have
digested over the past couple of weeks
or that CBO is going to say that they
simply don't have the time
to do a thorough analysis but you
remember when the CBO did the analysis
of the first Senate bill and the House
bill it was very thorough in analyzing
the impact on the number of people who
would lose insurance on the impact of
the changing the Medicaid program and by
the way we would be making these huge
changes in Medicaid without the benefit
of extensive hearings and that's what we
would would need and so I don't know
whether the CBO analysis will have new
information that would change where I'm
inclined to head but it is normally the
way we proceed is to look at the CBO
analysis I'm I'm gonna know tomorrow
morning whether or not CBO reinforces
the concerns and reservations that I
already have based on the studies that
you've cited or whether CBO is going to
say that they can't come up with the
kind of in-depth analysis that the
agency usually does or maybe they'll be
as surprised in there I don't anticipate
that but I want to wait it's just a few
more hours to wait to see that important
study so it sounds like a no with an
asterisk unless CBO has some sort of
dramatic change
president Trump had some tough words on
Friday for any Republican senator who
votes the way it looks like you you're
likely to vote he tweeted quote Rand
Paul or whoever votes against health
care bill will forever future political
campaigns be known as quote this
Republican who saved Obamacare assuming
that you ultimately vote the way it
sounds like you're going to vote are you
okay with President Trump calling you
the Republican who saved Obamacare you
know my focus is on improving our health
care system and what I would like to see
happen is for us to return to the very
good work that the Senate Health
Committee was doing under the leadership
of senators Lamar Alexander and patty
Murray we had four substantive in
hearings widespread participation by the
Senate during the past two weeks and
they were very close to producing an
initial bill that would help to moderate
increases in premiums are actually lower
premiums and stabilize the insurance
markets to ensure that people had more
choices
that's the Avenue that we should take
the ACA is some flawed law and the
causes and premiums and deductibles are
real problem for individuals
particularly those who don't get
subsidies and but it's a real problem
for our small businesses so I want to
fix those problems and I see the work
we're doing in the help committee as the
path forward I think we should do a
series of bills with the first bill
being directed at stabilizing the
markets and lowering premiums senator
Susan Collins from the great state of
Maine thank you so much we appreciate
your time today
thank you Jake
