this is CNN breaking news all right
welcome to the lead I'm John Berman in
for Jake today and we begin this hour
with breaking news in our politics lead
president Trump is watch his approval
ratings tick downward since he took
office until now a new CNN poll
releasing right now shows that number is
edging back up with 40% of Americans now
saying they approve of the job that the
president is doing now by any normal
historical measurement that is not a
good number but it is better and largely
because a healthy majority 64% of voters
approve of how the president responded
to the hurricanes that slammed into the
southern US coastline this month
meanwhile here in New York at the United
Nations today the president confronting
another challenge North Korea's nuclear
program after threatening to destroy the
country today the president tacked back
towards diplomacy promising to level
increased sanctions CNN senior White
House correspondent Jeff Zeleny joins me
now live right here in New York and Jeff
are polling all shows that the country
anxious about the threat from North
Korea
it does indeed John half of all
Americans now say they believe there is
an immediate threat for North Korea that
has a significant increase from only a
few months ago but as the president
signed that executive order earlier
today it is one sign diplomacy is still
an option despite what many saw as
sabre-rattling earlier this week Trump
is backing up his brinksmanship toward
North Korea with new economic sanctions
trying to cripple the regime's nuclear
program a new executive order will cut
off sources of revenue that fund North
Korea's efforts to develop the deadliest
weapons known to humankind
two days after threatening to wipe the
isolated nation off the map we will have
no choice but to totally destroy North
Korea the u.s. presented a unified front
with South Korea and Japan by announcing
new sanctions to financially squeeze and
further isolate North Korea from the
outside world foreign banks will face a
clear choice to business with the United
States or facilitate trade with the
lawless regime in North Korea Chinese
President Xi Jinping also
reportedly ordering Chinese banks to
stop conducting business with North
Korea a move mr. Trump hailed today I
want to just say and thank President Xi
of China for the very bold move he made
today that was a somewhat unexpected
move and we appreciate it while it's
unlikely a new round of sanctions will
persuade Kim jong-un to rethink his
nuclear ambitions the moves are a sign
the US and its allies are searching for
diplomatic and economic solutions not
only military ones a new CNN poll today
shows that half of Americans now say
North Korea poses an immediate threat up
from 37 percent in April that comes
after months of missile launches on the
Korean Peninsula and sabre-rattling here
in the US
Rocketman is on a suicide mission for
himself and for his regime the poll also
found that nearly 6 in 10 favor military
action if diplomacy or economic
sanctions don't work overall 41 percent
approve of how mr. Trump is handling
North Korea while 50 percent do not
essentially unchanged from last month
mr. Trump was all smiles today during a
meeting with the South Korea president
who called the North Korea nuclear
program deplorable that word which
Hillary Clinton once used to describe
his supporters became a soundtrack of
his campaign welcome to all of you
deplorable today mr. Trump was happy to
relive those moments
now President Trump has now wrapped up a
week-long series of meetings with world
leaders here at the UN he of course is
taking some pleasure at that 40 percent
approval rating considering what it was
but John there is one other Trump that
has a higher approval rating that's
Melania Trump our poll shows she has a
44% approval we should note again 40%
not good by historical standards but
from standards not that better and he'll
take that Jeff's L&E always great to see
you in person today it's an
extra-special treat more
