the Mexican officials saying that all of
the children are counted for either they
were killed when the earthquake happened
they're saying 19 kids were killed there
11 were pulled out the others that were
in the hospital have all been accounted
for they're with their families their
family knows where they are so they
don't have any missing or kids who are
unaccounted for they believe that they
may have an adult who is buried beneath
the rubble still either a teacher or
somebody else who was at the school they
are trying to get to that person same
way through two different ways now one
from the roof and one from the side
trying to get down to that person and
get them assistance I want to show you
though that the frenetic activity going
on here right now these are very very
large very heavy pieces of Steel that
they're proving in to the area they need
to shore up right now they've been
moving steel beams lots of wood but the
the steel is new very large steel beams
that they're moving in there it is
precarious work back there it is like
trying to prop up a boulder with a bunch
of toothpicks basically there was one
part of the building that did collapse
as they were working on it in the last
24 hours so they are going very very
slow literally brick by brick handful of
earth by handful of earth they're
handing it off to align a human chain of
people who are then taking it to a
central location so it is slow
methodical and difficult and hopefully
it will result in somebody coming out of
this alive
