and so where is this storm Maria
head/neck CNN meteorologist Chad Meyers
has the answer what do we see
headed to the Turks and Caicos I believe
our polo sand of all is right there now
the storm is not done with the Dominican
Republic the North Shore which we
couldn't get anybody to because of the
storm was bearing down last night that's
where the damage is being done now
that's where the storm surge is that's
where the winds are right now from
Puerta platta all the way down on that
North Shore of Puerto Rico we're also
still seeing or Dominican Republic we're
also still seeing rainfall into Puerto
Rico proper can't tell you or show you
the radar because the radar still broken
in fact we just got a notice off of the
National Weather Service chat that they
may be two weeks before they can even
get to the radar because there are so
many trees down on the roadways and
obviously the radar is on as high a hill
as you can get they put it on top of a
mountain which is a good place for it
until you have to go fix it there is a
storm right now 115 miles per hour it is
a really big storm I wise about 50 miles
across think about how is about 10 miles
across when it hit Puerto Rico that
skater with their arms out or with the
arms in the arms are out right now and
it is forecast finally to turn to the
right away from the US we've been
watching this wiggle for the past couple
days those wiggle too much back to the
US so far so good today the answer is No
