and this is something I always had to
emphasize to my staff when I was
president better is good you laugh but
sometimes people forget that I will take
better every time so that's what's
needed today the engagement of everyone
who wants to see a better future for our
children and it can be frustrating I'll
take an example here in the United
States over the past eight years
thousands upon thousands of Americans
threw themselves into the collective
effort of reforming our health care
system those of you who live in
countries that already have universal
health care are trying to figure out
what's the controversy here I am too
these people
but you know the folks who did the work
it wasn't just policy wonks it wasn't
just politicians it was moms and dads
people who had the experience of a sick
child or crushing medical bills that
threatened to bankrupt them maybe a
parent who was lost to cancer that had
that person got a regular checkup it
might have been caught earlier and those
voices from every walk of life in every
court of the country against all odds
made a difference and for the first time
more than 90% of Americans know the
security of health insurance paying more
for insurance or being denied insurance
because of a pre-existing condition or
because you are a woman that's not a
thing anymore we got rid of that and
people are alive today because of it and
that's progress now the legislation that
we passed was full of things that still
need to be fixed it wasn't perfect but
it was better and so when I see people
trying to undo that hard-won progress
for the 50th or 60th time with bills
that would raise costs to reduce
coverage or roll back protections for
older Americans or people with
pre-existing conditions the cancer
survivor' the expecting mom or the child
with autism or asthma for whom coverage
once again would be almost unattainable
it is aggregated and all of this being
done without any demonstrable economic
or actuarial or plain common-sense
rationale it it frustrates and it's
certainly frustrating to have to
mobilize every couple of months to keep
our leaders from inflicting real human
suffering on our constituents but
typically that's how progress is won and
how progress is maintained on every
issue
we have to stand up for each other
recognize that progress is never
inevitable that it often can be fragile
it's in need of constant renewal and our
individual progress and our collective
progress depends on our willingness to
roll up our sleeves and work and not be
afraid
