it was a verbal missile rocket man is on
a suicide mission that exploded on
social media reaction ranged from
infantile to awesome tweeted one critic
tell other countries respect this nation
again tweeted another I would bet you
Kim jong-eun likes being called rocket
man posted someone else leave Elton John
alone what's your favorite kind of music
what music doing well I think Elton John
is great no word on whether Elton John
thinks it's great that the president is
using his song google says searches for
Rocket Man have skyrocketed
it was the Economist magazine that first
dubbed Kim jong-un's father Rocket Man
back in 2006 the president first tweeted
the insult Sunday he named Kim Jong hoon
after an Elton John song rocket I would
have gone with tiny dancer but you know
one fan tweeted of President Trump he's
a master troll and Brander for those who
say president Trump is trolling North
Korea's leader look a president Trump
troll doll actually exists the president
of the United States is trolling and
Elton John hoon is live in concert
Jeanne Moos CNN New York
