last month the Republican National
Committee began paying the president's
personal legal bill stemming from this
investigation into Russian meddling in
the 2016 election so last month the RNC
actually paid two hundred thirty
thousand dollars to two of the
president's personal attorneys Jay
Sekulow and John Dowd via their personal
law firms all of this is coming from the
RNC's own legal fund so not from their
general campaign coffers coffers that go
to their political activities but of
course this does raise the question
about the president and why he needs to
go out and seek outside help to pay for
his legal bills the president of course
has claimed the net worth of upwards of
ten billion dollars so of course those
questions also beginning to be raised
Anderson I also understand the orange
tea paid for Donald Trump Jr's illegal
feature for some of them right that's
right Nancy official also telling me
that Donald Trump jr. his attorneys also
receiving payments from the Republican
National Committee just this month
nearly two hundred thousand dollars in
payments and so now Trump jr. is not
only getting his legal bills covered by
the Trump campaign which has been
previously reported but also now by the
Republican National Committee and of
course Trump jr. is embroiled in all of
this because of that infamous Trump
Tower meeting last summer during which
he met with an attorney he believed
would provide him with incriminating
information about Hillary Clinton from
the Russian government so Jared just
quickly if it's coming for money from
the campaign is that money being donated
by just citizens who wanted to donate to
the campaign so that's one thing that
the RNC wants to be very clear about is
that it is coming from this legal fund
that the RNC already has so that's - you
have to actually donate to that
specifically a lot of times what happens
is large donors who come in with the
maximum contribution will donate to
various accounts within the RNC
including the legal fund but small
dollar donors you don't specifically
donate to this fund their money is not
going towards us
