before it was approved Kieran was going
full speed ahead with its atomic
ambitions that it said we're totally
peaceful just trying to keep the lights
on but the West thought that was a cover
and that Iran was really after nuclear
weapons well the deal helped everyone
meet halfway on Iran's end it has to get
rid of nearly all its uranium a key
ingredient of course for nuclear weapons
and get rid of most of the machines that
process uranium for bombs plus make sure
its nuclear sites are for research and
power only well in return big world
powers would press pause on a lot of
their sanctions on the country letting
its people do business with the world
everyone's happy right well no America
and its then President Barack Obama led
the way on striking the deal but
Congress never signed off on it instead
it says whoever is president has to tell
lawmakers every 90 days if Iran is
keeping up its end of the bargain if not
America could ditch it remember a lot of
other countries signed up so if one
pulls out the deal won't just explode
