this morning we can show you this we
have to be careful because of the
Twitter handle of the individual who
sent it in the first place the President
of the United States the President of
the United States retweeting a video on
Twitter that shows him hitting a golf
ball and then the golf ball striking
Hillary Clinton and knocking her down
you see it there the president of the
United States retweeted that this
morning why what he said bad news bad
news
you know traditionally historically
speaking weekends at Bedminster even at
an important time like weekend when he's
going into the United Nations General
Assembly for the first time as the
president the United States are risky
times he's maybe he's by himself maybe
he's not surrounded by as many aides as
you as he usually is certainly not at
this hour of the morning I think you
know Curren right he's a disrupter you
know and he has these impulses he enjoys
engaging on social media you hear him
talk about that that that's so important
to his identity and people want to hear
from him but it is unusual coming off of
these this this last couple of weeks we
can't find the words because it's he's
the president United States it is insane
a very unusual coinage I used the word
again
he loves the headlines when he will deal
with Democrats when he's seen as getting
things done when he's seen as you know
delivering on promises but then he'll
come out on a Saturday morning and sort
of blow himself up with these these
crazy tweets that are not presidential
they don't forward any particular agenda
of his I mean this wasn't about
immigration it wasn't about any policy
thing it's just something I probably
thought it was funny
