I want to start by looking forward to
Tuesday president Trump is going to
speak to world leaders his first-ever UN
General Assembly meeting during his
campaign he had some pretty harsh
criticism for the UN listen to what he
told eight-pack last year he utter
weakness and incompetence of the United
Nations the United Nations is not a
friend of democracy it's not a friend to
freedom it's not a friend even to the
United States of America we're as you
know it has its home and it surely is
not a friend to Israel will the
president stick by his America first
message when he appears before the UN
this coming week well I think you have
to look at the fact that what he said at
the time was accurate I mean I think we
saw United Nations where the United
States was giving over 25 percent of the
funding and was being utterly
disrespected a United Nations that was
bashing Israel every chance they get a
United Nations that talked a lot but
didn't have a lot of action and now we
can say it is a new day at the UN what
you are now seeing is the Israel the
Israel bashing has become more balanced
you've got a United Nations that's
action-oriented we've passed two
resolutions on North Korea just in the
last month and you also have a United
Nations that is totally moving towards
reform you have a secretary-general
who's come out with a massive reform
package we said that we needed to get
value for our dollar and what we're
finding is the international community
is right there with us in support of
reform so it is a new day at the UN I
think that the pleas that he made in
terms of trying to see change that the
United Nations have been heard and I
think what we'll do is see him respond
to that come on Tuesday let's talk about
North Korea the UN as you well know
voted 15 to 0 on Monday to impose a new
set of sanctions on North Korea you said
this will cut deep but the president is
not so sure listen to what he said this
week
we think it's just another very small
step not a big deal I don't know if it
has any impact but certainly it was nice
to get a 15 to nothing vote but those
sanctions are nothing compared to what
ultimately will have to happen so
ambassador Haley what is the
administration's position are the North
Korea sanctions something that will cut
deep or not a big deal well I think you
know the facts are the facts so you look
at it from the first sanctions bill that
was the largest ever that we had done to
North Korea was a billion dollars and
was one that really was a punch in the
gut to North Korea this one which we
passed in a week was 1.3 billion dollars
and that didn't count the reduction of
30% of the oil which was made up of 55
percent reducing their diesel oil and
their gasoline that they used to move
the missiles the trucks that go and move
all of the equipment so you take that
with the elimination of joint ventures
the laborers which we consider
modern-day slavery all taken away you
look at all of those things that total
90 percent of North Korea's trade is
being cut off so we have economically
strangled North Korea at this point and
they have said as much I think what the
president saying is look we've done all
this but we can do a whole lot more and
so just to be clear what you just
described you don't agree that that's
not a big deal oh I think everybody in
the international community sees what a
big deal it is but also we know the
importance is enforcement and North
Korea is already starting to feel the
pinch it's the reason you see them
reacting the way they are but I think
this has not only been a kick to North
Korea this was a real hit to China they
had to take a real hit when it comes to
the fact that they do 90 percent of
trade with North Korea that's been
reduced on their end - so a lot of
people feeling this a lot of countries
feeling this but the most important
thing 15 to 0 United strong and North
Korea has pretty much been cut off from
the world the president said last month
that North Korea would face fire and
fury if it continues to threaten the US
and its allies well since the president
said that North Korea has really done
nothing but threatened the US and its
allies North Korea threatened Guam North
Korea fired two missiles
over Japan and tested a hydrogen bomb so
was the president fire and fury remark
an empty threat it was not an empty
threat what we were doing was being
responsible where North Korea's being
irresponsible and reckless we were being
responsible by trying to use every
diplomatic possibility that we could
possibly do we've pretty much exhausted
all the things that we could do at the
Security Council at this point now I
said yesterday I'm perfectly happy
kicking this over to general mattis
because he has plenty of military
options so I think that the fire in fury
while he said this is what we can do to
North Korea we wanted to be responsible
and go through all diplomatic means to
get their attention first if that
doesn't work general mattis will take
care of it well by saying general mattis
will take care of it you're talking
about the Pentagon and you're talking
about a military option is that what
fire and fury meant you have to ask the
president what fire arm fury met but I
think we all know that basically if
North Korea keeps on with this reckless
behavior if the United States has to
defend itself or defend its allies in
any way North Korea will be destroyed
and we all know that and none of us want
that none of us want war but we also
have to look at the fact that you are
dealing with someone who is being
reckless irresponsible and is continuing
to give threats not only to the United
States but to all of their allies so
something is going to have to be done
we're trying every other possibility
that we have but there's a whole lot of
military options on the table
ambassador Haley's stick around there's
a lot more to talk to you about
including the president's tweets and
whether they make her job harder
and we're back with US ambassador to the
United Nations nikki Haley ambassador
Haley let's talk about the latest terror
attack in London the fifth attack in
Great Britain this year President Trump
responded to the attack with the tweet
and here's what he said another attack
in London by looser terrorists these are
sick and demented people who were in the
sights of Scotland Yard must be
proactive we saw British Prime Minister
Theresa May he scoped she scolded the
president for his response saying it is
never helpful for anybody to speculate
about an ongoing investigation we know
that British intelligence is reluctant
to share information lately with the
u.s. because of president Trump's
conduct do tweets like this make it
harder for people like you to work with
allies around the world on important
issues well I think that you have to
understand that the president can
communicate in any form that he wishes
and if he uses Twitter I think what you
saw was a reaction to the fact that this
is terrible and we cannot let terrorist
attacks become part of our normal day
and when you see the number of these it
makes the president more and more
assured that he has to do everything he
can he can to keep Americans safe and so
he was concerned for for the UK he's
concerned for the terrorist attacks that
keep happening all over Europe and he
wanted to make sure that he had their
back and that he was showing strength
and so I think as they move forward
certainly we're always going to be their
allies we're always going to have their
back but we have to be very careful we
cannot allow terrorist attacks to be a
part of our everyday life do you wish
that the president was more careful in
suggesting information about the
investigation that is ongoing obviously
the British prime minister wished he
were he was well I look the president
would not want to do any harm to the
investigation let's be clear so if he
goes out and he gets emotional and
passionate about the fact that he's
upset at what happened in the UK I mean
of course that's what he put out there
but there was no ill intent with that I
think it was the fact that he was just
very concerned and very disturbed that
these terrorist attacks keep happening
in Great Britain ambassador Halley I
wouldn't ask you about immigration
President Trump recently
Cinda daca which is the Obama era
program that protects undocumented
immigrants brought to the US as children
and President Trump wants a legislative
solution well Senator Lindsey Graham
senior senator for your from your home
state of South Carolina is the co-author
of what's known as the DREAM Act and it
would offer these young people a path to
citizenship do you believe that dreamers
should get not just the right to stay in
the US but an actual path to citizenship
well first of all I think that we have
to remember that we all feel for
dreamers we all feel for those that came
here or were brought here without their
willingness or without their
understanding that this was going to
happen so we all have a heavy heart for
that but I also think we have to
remember that the United States is a
country of laws and we have to always
follow those laws and I think what
you're seeing is the president is trying
to work with Congress on what is a very
difficult situation there is no easy
answer when it comes to things like this
and I think the fact that they're having
the back-and-forth the fact that they're
talking about it I think it's important
and I think at the end there will be a
resolution that they come together with
on this as they go forward
ambassador Haley before I let you go I
want to ask about a report on cnn.com
that my colleague Elise Labbit did about
you and in that she reported that you
were under consideration to become
president Trump's Secretary of State
after the election but you said no
because you felt at the time as governor
of South Carolina you didn't have enough
foreign policy experience would you give
the same answer today if asked to be
Secretary of State
well I'm not gonna be asked because Rex
Tillerson is not going anywhere you know
at the time that I went to Trump Tower
they were asking me to come there to
talk about Secretary of State and I just
knew at that time I he could find
someone better and so I took myself out
of the running and I will tell you now
that secretary Tillerson continues to
work hard he's not going anywhere and I
continue to work well with him so we're
gonna keep doing it that way if he does
go somewhere would you want the job he's
not going anywhere so I'm not gonna
think about it okay ambassador Haley
thank you so much for your time this
morning appreciate it okay thanks Dana
