we're renovating large sections of walls
it will be brand new by the time we
finish we're building samples of four
different walls in order to make the
joist and after the choice is made we'll
leave the have it in budget or some
place as if the Democrats are going to
approve it then we're not going to do
what they want you know I think it'll
work out we're working on a deal for
Dhaka but a lot has to do with the
amount of security we want very heavy
security of the border who want
surveillance we want a lot of things at
the corner and ultimately we don't want
them to obstruct with the wall but you
say you understand we're renovating
massive sections of wall right now and
essentially it'll be brand new hoping to
be able to use them doctor now and the
wall very soon but the wall will happen
thank you
today what
if your what
we're not talking about that we're not
talking about Everest at all we have not
talked about atmosphere
there'll be no amnesty we're not talking
about that as part of the transaction
thank you
