there's nowhere that you can see or feel
the pain of this crisis more than at
this hospital we're seeing rojan joke
men women and children who tell us that
they have lost their families running
for their lives there's nothing left of
their home and the ones who are here are
the most badly injured I spoke to a
doctor who tells me that he is seeing
victims with gunshot wounds he has seen
landmine injuries I spoke to one woman
she's 30 years old she says that she was
shot while she was trying to escape
trying to run to safety from Myanmar to
Bangladesh her two young children were
shot and killed at her side in total she
lost five members of her family a 13
year old girl talks about the fact that
she was trying to escape on foot for ten
days she was half an hour from the
safety of Bangladesh when she was shot
her mother took three bullets another
man who is the victim of a landmine
explosion has lost parts of both of his
legs police see him here at the hospital
he keeps pointing to his face he's
saying something
and the doctor translated he tells us
that this man is is pointing to his eyes
and saying that he can't see he's gone
blind there more than a hundred rohesia
refugees were now being treated at this
hospital at more than 370 thousand row
hinges have crossed the border into
Bangladesh from Myanmar since violence
broke out in Myanmar toward the end of
August the government there says they're
conducting a clearance operation
targeting militants but the refugees
that I'm speaking to here say that they
have come under attack from a military
that has set fire to their villages set
fire to their homes and shot at them
while they're trying to run with their
families for their lives they're here
right now trying to heal they're being
treated by doctors but once they leave
here they tell me they don't know where
they're going their best guess is that
they will be sent back to overcrowded
and under prepared refugee camps where
surviving members of their families may
have ended up by now that's the best
hope that they tell me that they have
for now Alexandra field CNN Chittagong
Bangladesh
