Michelle Cox Eugene Connor and their
five-year-old daughter Cynthia lived in
this once beautiful neighborhood on st.
Thomas overlooking the US Virgin Islands
and all of their beauty obviously it had
a great view and you know things were
great for four years but you know when
that's it
it was a bad location last week when
Hurricane Emma came roaring through
their home crumbled on top of them I was
stuffing towels into the rafters to stop
the leaks from coming in and they was
screaming a man who they say knew their
landlord was watching from across the
valley
he says I'll get you her we slid from
one end slammed into the other side we
couldn't get up the win was just pushing
us against it I then came out and he
grabbed Cynthia and ran out the door and
it was John and Dalton waiting for us we
didn't know and had no idea who he was
he was a complete stranger yes
he's just bravest guy and a whole world
him and his son I mean height of a storm
trees are falling down
rain coming down like crazy the winds
were up to almost 200 miles per hour
they were telling us he just drove in
and out leaving to get us I just see the
roof line that way when we were running
and as a miracle didn't hit his truck
what had happened if he hadn't come I
really believe was we would have been
dead
just the level of destruction I mean
we're at least seriously injured so
we're very grateful John and his son
took these videos of the storm on their
way to the rescue he is now letting them
stay in his house and across the island
people like Eugene and Michelle have
also lost their homes to Irma the worst
storm that natives say they've ever
experienced on this island many say they
will stay to help rebuild but Michelle
and Eugene are not sure our extended
family as we call them you know then
friends that we made and shared things
but for years we want to stay with them
and rebuild and we start out lies
it's hard to get food water yes it took
us for now they are simply in shock over
what they've lost everything counterfeit
good thing John
