this bipartisan group as Democrats and
Republican lawmakers for the white house
that board war we're trying to work
things out together that's a positive
thing and it's good for the Republicans
or the Democrats and this group knows
that very well
whether we can do the incredible things
we're doing in working in a bipartisan
fashion obviously would be a positive
and I think something Tom that we all
feel about I want to thank Tom readings
than the friend of mine for a long time
he was there right at the beginning and
there was a very fashionable there and I
really appreciate it and Jack Josh got
heimer for helping to organize this very
important gathering I think it's really
the whole concept of what we're trying
to do is very very important inspired by
the example of our own citizens we
should be able to come together to make
government work for the people that's
why I was elected that's why I ran and
abroad provide jobs and opportunity to
millions of struggling families this
includes tax reform that is pro-jobs
pro-growth pro-family and pro-american
very simple full program there are four
principles for tax reform make the tax
code simple and fair cut taxes
substantially it will be the largest tax
decrease in the history of our country
for the middle class encourage companies
to hire and grow in America and by doing
that we're going to have to reduce the
taxes for companies right now we're 35
percent and really much higher when you
way of state taxes and and China is at
fifteen percent then we wonder why are
we not competing well against China so
there are fifteen percent and we're at
thirty five plus and that doesn't work
and bring back trillions of dollars we
have trillions of dollars overseas that
will bring back and we'll bring them
back quickly so this is money that Josh
and Tom and everybody in the
everybody's agreed to bring it back two
years but it never gets done so we're
putting it down as part of our tax
proposal another bipartisan project that
is urgently needed is infrastructure and
infrastructure investment for decades
now Washington has allowed our
infrastructure to fall into a state of
total decay and disrepair and it's time
now to build new roads new bridges
airports tunnels highways and railways
all across our great land when we set
aside our differences and it's amazing
sometimes how little our differences are
we put our country and we put the
citizens of our country first and that's
what this is all about so we want to
have a great new tax cut and tax reform
simplification and massive cuts and we
want to get our country working again in
competing again worldwide and there'll
be nothing that can stop was on top of
that we'll be discussing probably a
little bit of health care because I know
some informations come to light so we'll
be discussing because ultimately well we
have some Democrats I want to think I
think I can speak for the Republicans
generally but we do want to do something
very very powerfully with respect to
Obamacare it has not worked the rates
are going through the roof
the numbers that you look at no matter
where you go no matter where you look
health care is failing in our country
and we're going to get a change and
we're going to get a change fast
infrastructure we'll be talking about
and we'll probably also be talking about
daca because we don't want to forget
daca and it's already been a week and a
half and people don't talk about it as
much we want to see if we can do
something with regard to immigration
with regard to the 800,000 people that
are now young people that have children
anymore they were children
they're young people but we want to see
if we can do something in a bipartisan
fashion so that we can solve the daka
problem and other immigration problems
so we'll be discussing that today
and then tonight I'm having dinner with
Senator Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and
we'll continue some discussions so we
have a lot of things in the fire but I
think right now
first and foremost so that we can
compete again and especially in light of
the fact that we had two massive earth
hands the likes of which I guess our
country has never seen I don't think
they've ever seen one was the biggest
ever in water and the other was the
biggest ever in wind and then you put up
together and we have devastation in
Texas and in Florida and we've done and
other parts of our country and I think
we've gotten very high marks for the way
we've handled them thus far and we
continue to handle it well but they were
they were very big and very powerful and
was very unfortunate but because of that
more than ever we now need great tax
reform and great tax cuts so we are here
as a group bipartisan to try and see
what we can come up with thank you all
very much I appreciated
skeptical of this new corrosive
demographic and tell them why have a
leader Pelosi and Senator Schumer over
tonight but Sir doesn't prescribe well
I'm a conservative and I will tell you
I'm not skeptical and I think that if we
can do things in a bipartisan manner
that will be great now it might not work
out in which case we'll try and do
without but I think if we can do in a
bipartisan manner if you look at some of
the greatest legislation ever passed it
was done on a bipartisan manner and so
that's what we're going to hidden step
if you've always been doing if it works
out great and if it doesn't work out
great hopefully we'll be able to do it
anyways Republicans okay thank you
we're looking at a 15% rate and we want
a 15% rate because that would bring us
low not by any means the lowest but it
would bring us to a level where China
and other countries are and we will be
able to compete with anybody nobody will
be able to touch us so we would like to
see 15 percent okay thank you very much
everyone
and by the way lower and lower or
individuals much lower than that for
individuals and the rich will not be
gaining at all with this plan we're not
looking for the middle class and we're
looking for jobs jobs meaning companies
so we're looking at for the middle class
and we'll look at a job I think the
wealthy will be pretty much where they
are pretty much where they are we can do
that we'd like it if they have to go
higher they'll go higher frankly we're
looking at the middle class and we're
looking at jobs okay thank you very much
thank you thank you
