hey everybody its Jake Tapper from CNN's
State of the Union in fact-checked
Oregon this week we're gonna take a look
at comments made by President Trump and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions when
describing the program known as daca
which stands for deferred action on
childhood arrivals
it's an Obama era program that
temporarily proffered protections for
undocumented immigrants who were brought
to the United States when they were
children as you know Trump in sessions
this week announced that they were
rescinding the program take a listen to
how they described it let's start with
attorney general sessions the daca
program was implemented in 2012 and
essentially provided a legal status for
recipients for a renewable two-year term
worker authorization and other benefits
including participation in the Social
Security program to 800,000 mostly adult
illegal aliens and President Trump made
a similar point when talking during a
meeting on tax reform I have a great
heart for the folks we're talking about
a great love for them and people think
in terms of children but they're really
young adults so is that true what
President Trump and attorney general
sessions are saying how they're
describing recipients of daca is it true
that the recipients are as Trump said
really young adults or a session said
quote 800,000 mostly adult illegal
aliens yes that is true the individuals
in question who benefit from DAC a daca
deferred action on childhood arrivals
are mostly adults and they are
undocumented immigrants but in their
descriptions both the president and the
Attorney General are leaving out a very
important bit of context which is that
these individuals were brought to the
United States when they were children
through no fault of their own daca which
is now in its fifth year is open to
those who are at least 15 years old and
no more than 31 years old as of June
15th 2012 to be eligible for daca
individuals had to prove that they were
under the age of 16 when they arrived in
the United States
and that they had been living in the
u.s. continuously since June 15 2007 a
professor at UC San Diego Tom Wong
oversaw a national survey last month of
more than 3,000 daca holders and he
found that although 98% of them are
currently adults over the age of 18
most of them fifty-four percent were
under the age of seven when they arrived
in the United States in fact the average
age of a daca recipient when coming to
the United States was six and a half so
here's the bottom line the comments by
President Trump and attorney general
sessions when describing the recipients
of daca are technically true they are
mostly adults but they leave out such an
important part of the context of who
these individuals are that they were
brought here as children that we are
judging those statements to be
misleading a reminder to all you
politicians out there you are perfectly
entitled to your own opinions not to
your own facts
I'm Jake Tapper for CNN State of the
Union and factcheck.org
