as the latest Chad we've been through a
lot of these over the years and I don't
recall many times hearing 185 miles per
hour no the closest I can remember even
reporting on was high n and that was in
the eastern Pacific there way out to the
west near the Philippines and that was
195 and we had Anderson Cooper on the
ground there for weeks covering that
event this thing went right over Barbuda
it did damage it we have not heard from
that Island in now six hours and also on
over st. Martin and Anguilla and it is
truly right now over the British Virgin
Islands there is an island right there
Virgin Gorda bitter end Yacht Club right
there I don't understand this but Sir
Richard Branson is on that Island right
there in a wine cellar I think when he
gets out of there later today I think he
will tell us what a unwise decision that
was to ride this 185 mile per hour wind
out everything will be demolished on
those islands there in the BBI
and probably not faring much better will
be the US Virgin Islands from Charlotte
O'Malley all the way up to Megan's Bay
this will be a devastating impact we
know about parts of Bermuda they're
saying at some spots as the hurricane
went over ripped all the vegetation out
of the ground there's not a bit of
vegetation left so where does it go from
here it gets into the Turks and Caicos
but there's not much land there so we
don't expect too much of a loss of power
still 160 then 155 and maybe making a
turn toward Florida I say maybe because
if we look at all these models they all
turn this storm very hard to the right
job very hard but when does that happen
does that happen right over Monroe
County and on up into miami-dade that
would be likely the most devastating
hurricane in US history does it turn to
the right and go over the Bahamas for
the Bahamas a devastating hit here or
doesn't wait and get all the way west of
Key West and get west of here this is
less likely this is somewhere in the
middle and this right here is as most of
the computer models now are talking a
slight right turn just to the east of
Miami Beach but still Miami Beach could
have winds of 150 could you imagine what
that would do to the high-rises and the
buildings and everything on Miami Beach
that would be a real mess now that's
still four and a half days away
so keep that in mind
