I was just handed three pages worth of a
statement from former President Barack
Obama so I'm just gonna sit here and
read every single word of this to all of
you this is what we just got from
President Obama
he writes immigration can be a
controversial topic we all want safe
secure borders and a dynamic economy and
people of goodwill can have legitimate
disagreements about how to fix our
immigration system so that everybody
plays by the rules but that's not what
the action that the White House took
today is about this is about young
people who grew up in America kids who
study in our schools young adults who
are starting careers Patriots who pledge
allegiance to our flag these dreamers
are Americans in their hearts in their
minds in every single way but one on
paper they were brought to this country
by their parents sometimes even as
infants they may not know a country
besides ours they may not even know a
language besides English they often have
no idea they are undocumented until they
apply for a job or college or driver's
license over the years politicians of
both parties have worked together to
write legislation that would have told
these young people our young people he
writes that if your parents brought you
here as a child if you've been here a
certain number of years and if you're
willing to go to college or serve in our
military then you'll get a chance to
stay and earn your citizenship and for
years while I was president I asked
Congress to send me such a bill that
bill never came and because it made no
sense to expel talented driven patriotic
young people from the only country they
know solely because of the actions of
their parents my administration acted to
lift the shadow of deportation from
these young people so that they could
continue to contribute to our
communities and to our country we did so
based on the well established legal
principle of prosecutorial discretion
deployed by Democratic and Republican
presidents alike because our immigration
enforcement agencies have limited
resources and it makes sense to focus
those resources on those who come
illegally to this country to do us harm
deportation of criminals went up some
800,000 young people step forward met
rigorous requirements and went through
background checks in America grew
stronger as a result but today that
shadow has been cast over some of our
best and brightest young people once
again to target these people is wrong
because they have done nothing wrong
it is self-defeating because they want
to start new businesses staff our labs
serve in our military and otherwise
contribute to a country we love
and President Obama writes it is cruel
what if our kids science teacher or our
friendly neighbor turns out to be a
dreamer where are we supposed to send
her to a country she doesn't know a
--remember with a language she may not
even speak let's be clear the action
taken today isn't legally required it's
a political decision and a moral
question whatever concerns or complaints
Americans may have about our immigration
in general we shouldn't threaten the
future of this group of young people who
are here through no fault of their own
who pose no threat who are not taking
away anything from the rest of us they
are that picture on our kids softball
team that first responder who helps out
his community after a disaster that
cadet in ROTC who wants nothing more
than to wear the uniform of the country
that gave him a chance
kicking them out won't lower the
unemployment rate or lighten anyone's
taxes or raise anybody's wages it is
precisely because this action is
contrary to our spirit and to common
sense that business leaders faith
leaders economists and Americans of all
political stripes called on the
administration not to do what it did
today and now that the White House has
shifted its responsibility for these
young people to Congress it is up to
members of Congress to protect these
young people in our future I'm heartened
by those who've suggested that they
should and I joined my voice with the
majority of Americans who hope they step
up and do it with a sense of moral
urgency that matches the urgency these
young people feel ultimately this is
about basic decency last two graphs here
this is about whether we are a people
who kick hopeful young strivers out of
america or whether we treat them the way
we want our own kids to be treated
it's about who we are as a people and
who we want to be he closes with with
this what makes us American is not a
question of what we look like or where
our names come from or the way we pray
what makes us American is our fidelity
to a set of ideals that all of us are
created equal that all of us deserve the
chance to make of Our Lives what we will
that all of us share an obligation to
stand up to speak out and secure our
most cherished values for the next
generation that is how America has
traveled this far that is how if we keep
at it we will ultimately reach that more
perfect union and that is the statement
from President Barack Obama in its
entirety on this daca news today daca
news
