hurricane Irma has just moments ago but
upgraded to a major storm a category 4
hurricane the Florida appearing to be
right in its track authorities there are
sounding the alarm warning residents to
stock up and get their emergency plans
in order right now I'm gonna go straight
to meteorologist Tom Sater Tom the
various models are starting to agree
here that the continental US is in the
Hurricanes path when my term a hit well
you know let me back up to Thursday when
we first introduced armed up we said
that we're really going to need about
four or five days and that's starting to
unfold as you mentioned the models are
getting a new agreement but when we
showed you a model last Thursday the
European model and the US model were
twelve hundred miles apart the US model
up by the northeastern US and the
European down by Florida well now
they're pretty close and I'll show you
this system right now is just as strong
as Harvey was when it made landfall in
devastated Rockport Texas the winds are
the same at 130 and it's moving right
over the northern islands of the Lesser
Antilles that's st. Kitts and Nevis
that's Antigua Barbuda Anguilla in fact
might move right over that then it's the
u.s. British Virgin Islands that have a
watch that will go to a warning as well
as Puerto Rico six to nine foot storm
surges 10 inches of rain most of the
heavy rain I think it's going to stay
over water but here's it just a little
time plan with tropical storm force
winds Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Turks
and Caicos Dominican Republic Haiti then
Cuba and possibly even extending into
southern Florida but let's run the
National Hurricane Center track and
you'll get an idea it hasn't really
moved much it's been trending south and
if you look at this you think well my
goodness this is heading right into the
Gulf of Mexico we can't rule that out
but I don't think that's the best case
scenario right now we have still a
window open although it's closing but we
have a window open that we could see the
system turn to the north and stay out in
the Atlantic off the coast but that
window is shutting quickly most likely
what we're looking at Pamela's we get in
toward Friday we're looking at a turn to
the right we don't know when that will
happen
so we can't give you exact location of a
landfall or the timing just yet but let
me show you the European now with the US
model and as we put these in comparison
now first of all they're on top of each
other so we start out the same location
you want to see agreement they're not
moving from me
each other but was we get closer out or
farther out I should say there is some
variation this is Sunday afternoon
now last Thursday it was Saturday night
we had it here so it hasn't been moving
much let's take it now to 911 and it
does look like if it doesn't make
landfall in Florida somewhere in the
coastal Carolina's so everyone needs to
start preparing have a plan sit down
with the family and discuss this next
weekend maybe a major hurricane at least
category three four could be five of
course all this on the heels of
hurricane Harvey Tom Sater thank you
very much
