I've already lost close to 2 million
dollars but at least I'm alive
my family had already gotten out of here
so I decided it'd be best to shelter in
place here on the island and I was
making watermarks along my wall as the
water rose up and I figured I was just
gonna have to write goodbye to my wife
and kids at the top mark this is our
hurricane party specials that we had
there's hell no Harve tropical storm
burger this is the water line right here
take a look at this this boat floated
through and tried to go out the back
door look at that
the amount of response from the people
is just incredible and at first I was
totally broken without any hope at all
but now that I've seen the the actions
of people I know my hope is restored
friend of mine took pictures of my house
and sent him to me and I was very
optimistic I thought it's gonna be okay
it's gonna be okay and then when I saw
the picture it was sad it was so many
different emotions you go through
this was our living room right here you
could tell they had one recliner here I
had a green leather couch against this
wall we can't find it and then this room
here was our spare bedroom where the
vacuum cleaner is and it's standing
there it's standing there I I don't
think I can cry anymore I've gone
through a lot of emotions a lot of anger
a lot of you know sadness a lot of you
know even Envy you know why did my house
after not why did it make it I'm a good
person you know but anyway it's it's
gonna be okay here's the car that
doesn't belong to me it is this is the
kitchen see how beautiful it is of
course it's all a mess right now but
it's a beautiful place so we would sit
out here every day the Ducks would come
around and I feed them birdseed but
we'll we'll be back
I just moved in last year yeah now
Harvey so many homes spared live spared
neighbors helping neighbors community
helping the people our town is wonderful
that the city's been great
it was probably this whole street was
flooded you know all the way almost past
those barriers and as you can see that
car right there you know I have a ex
coworker who lives over there on the
west side of warden she called me and
said you know I need you to bring a boat
over here and then as time progressed I
realized other people's houses were
going underwater and that you know I had
to help them so I went around the
neighborhood and saw who needed help and
one by one I started taking people out
family about family you know Wharton we
all come together in Texas I mean as
soon as the call went out after that
night the next night I saw 15 boats
coming to Wharton with any natural
disaster there's gonna be anger and
sadness but at the same time there's
happiness they may have lost everything
but they still have their family and you
know that's all that counts you can
replace a house but you can't replace a
family
