when asked by looking back in time to
Hurricane sandy after that hit in the
Northeast in 2012 the federal government
spent 56 billion dollars on relief
efforts and on Friday the Trump
administration asked Congress for 7.85
billion in initial hurricane funding
relief given the devastation caused by
the storm well seven billion dollars B
even close to enough money from the
federal government well den a will not
be however is is very clear that the
president has made it clear Congress is
making it clear this is just a down
payment but let's not compare it to
Sandy let's compare it to Katrina listen
the population size and the geographic
size is far larger than Katrina and I
think sandy combined we have over five
million people who are affected by this
it's not just the flag in Houston
it's the hurricane swath all the way
from Corpus Christi over to Beaumont and
so it's gonna require even more than
what was funded for Katrina which was
about a hundred and twenty billion
dollars but in addition to that listen
we are trying to work to rebuild the
state of Texas ourselves and that is why
we have created this new fund the state
of Texas runs called rebuild Texas orgas
is rebuild TX dot o-r-g and people want
to help join this effort let me make
sure I understand you I know it's very
early and it's hard to know dollar
figures down the road but you're saying
that you believe the federal government
will need to give north of a hundred
billion dollars yeah in the overall
equation that the cost of this if I
understand it correctly to rebuild
Katrina was over a hundred and twenty
billion dollars and when you consider
the magnitude of the size of this storm
is far larger than Katrina and and both
geographically and population wise and
when you look at the number of homes
that have been mowed down and destroyed
and damaged this is going to be a huge
catastrophe that people need to come to
grips with it's gonna take years for us
to be able to overcome this challenge
let's talk about what's going on in the
ground right now the the waters are
receding in Texas people returning to
their
homes that have been devastated only 15%
of houses in Harris County which include
Houston have flood insurance what's
gonna happen to those people governor
well let me first say one thing I'll
answer that but remember this the water
is over sitting and drying up in Houston
in Harris County but remember there are
so many other parts of the state of
Texas that are impacted by this such as
the Beaumont region and some other
reasons than the lower Brazos River we
are still doing search-and-rescue
missions as waters have not yet received
and I've even come close to resetting so
we are still in phase one of responding
to the emergencies but as it comes to
the homeowners in Harris County in
Houston Texas were the most dramatic and
widespread flooding took place we're
working on multiple levels to make sure
that these homeowners are going to be
taken care of one thing one way in which
the Trump administration has been very
very responsive is by having older
cabinet members as well as the FEMA
administrator in Texas constantly
including yesterday and so we are
working on strategies to help these
homeowners are be able to have an
effective response for them The
Associated Press reported this weekend
that 13 of the 41 contaminated Superfund
sites in Texas were flooded and are now
experiencing possible damage as a result
of the hurricane when will the EPA
inspect all 13 of these sites well the
EPA has been very aggressive about being
involved in this and they are working on
some of them already as you probably
have noted they have restraints on their
ability to check out some of them just
simply because of the water but they're
prepared to go in as quickly as possible
and and what threat do you think this
poses in all honesty to public health of
your constituents well this is just one
of a multitude of dangerous to public
health because of the flooding waters
listen people as they begin the cleanup
process they need to realize those as
these waters have flowed through their
homes and other parts of the county it's
not just what you're talking about there
but these waters are filled both with
chemicals with wastes and things like
that they can pose real health hazards
and so we caution everybody
as you begin the the rebuild and
clean-out process understand that your
homes your buildings and areas any area
where the flooding waters have come
across your property there is a
potential very dangerous dirt and grime
left behind so should people wait to
know the answers to what really is left
behind before they go back Hey No
as we toured around Houston yesterday
and went through neighborhoods we saw in
typical Texas fashion people are already
getting back to work and they are
cleaning out their houses what people
need to do is they just need to be very
cautious in the way that respond do
things like wear gloves wear masks wear
clothing so that your skin is not going
to be brushing up against what you're
cleaning but people can go back to the
homes and begin the rebuilding process
like what we've seen across the state of
Texas already and we're so impressed
with the work ethic of our fellow Texans
about getting back and going to the
rebuilding process governor Abbott thank
you so much thank you
