jay-j thanks so much for being with us
first so when you when you see a
neighborhood like this what goes through
your mind devastating I mean I think
that's the only word that can describe
when you drive through the city when you
see the floods when you see the pictures
on TV of what's happening devastating is
the only word that you can use but I
think inspiring is the next word that
comes to mind because of what you're
seeing neighbors do exactly you see the
neighbors you see the policemen you see
the firemen you see the helicopters you
see what humanity can do when everybody
comes together at a time like this and
that's the most inspiring part of it all
so did this idea of fundraising when did
you come up with it well we were stuck
in Dallas so we played a game in New
Orleans a week ago and then they said we
couldn't come home from New Orleans so
they flew us to Dallas and we were
sitting in Dallas in a hotel and I'm
watching all this unfold on TV and so I
said I feel helpless I feel like I want
to do something to help our people what
can I do from Dallas I can't physically
help so I want to raise money and I set
out to raise $200,000 and just took a
video on my phone that was the initial
goal that was only to go with $200,000
did you think you could get 200 yeah I
thought I could get 200,000 I had a plan
for 200,000 what I was going to do and
now we're over 12 million going into the
13 million dollar range so new plan a
lot of a lot of folks have been waiting
to see you are very grateful obviously
when you win when you saw it starting to
go up and when you reach 200,000 and
then I mean every time you clicked on
the site did you just see the number
this kept scrolling and scrolling and
then we broke the site and then it cuts
you brother and we broke the site the
funniest story of it all is actually the
initial night we broke the site we
couldn't figure out how to get back up
and we somehow found the CEOs phone
number and called him at his house at
his house and got him out of bed he
helped us fix the site and then it got
rolling so here we are
wow that's customer service that's cuz I
mean I got to give the guy credit it was
unbelievable and he probably helped us
raise a ton more money because he kept
the site up and rolling so do you have a
goal now in mind or is it just
open-ended it's a kind of open-ended you
know once we hit 10 million I said I'm
gonna put it at 15 see what happens and
I mean we're yesterday we raised four
million today it's already over three
million so we're just gonna let it go
and see where it goes I mean maybe it's
the 20 maybe it gets more but now I'm
really focusing my efforts on making
sure that I get that money directly back
you know do you know how you're gonna go
about doing that
so my first phase is what I'm doing is
this weekend my teammates and I we'd
have semi trucks rolling in from out of
town that we've filled up we have about
nine semi trucks are going to come into
town and we have those all filled with
stock supplies water food clothing
everything so we're going to give that
out this weekend that's our first step
and then I want to regroup after this
weekend because obviously like I said I
was planning for 200,000 and now with a
new plan for multi multi-millions I'm
gonna make sure that get with the people
that dig Katrina and that learn from
Katrina so that I can make sure I do it
right because with these people trust me
with their money I want to make sure
that I don't do it hastily I want to do
it exactly the right way so I can help
the most people find you've already been
talking to people who went through
Katrina friends Muir's other football
players just to get a sense of what they
did yeah what works what doesn't
yeah I've spoken to drew brees I talked
to him for quite a while today gonna get
on the phone with some more people I've
talked to some some of the companies
that helped out over there just to kind
of get a glimpse of what went wrong what
went right and how do you think we can
do it best this time and I've gotten
some really good information and the
best thing that people have told me so
far is take your time to make sure you
do it right and I want people to know
that that's what I'm going to do is I'm
going to take my time to make sure I do
it right because I want to do right by
these people that need it and I also
wanted to right by the people that trust
me with their money if you see I mean in
a situation like this there are
emergency needs like right now right
here right now but this is something
that goes on for weeks months years and
instants yes and so I spoke to the mayor
today of Houston I spoke to the mayor of
Houston today to talk about those
immediate needs and we talked about what
I'm gonna do on Sunday and exactly where
I can get those resources to make sure
that we get to take care of those
emergency situations but like you said
this isn't a one-day this isn't a
one-week this isn't one month thing this
is gonna take months and years and years
so I want to make sure that since we do
have this large sum of money I want to
make sure that I do it right over the
long period and I want Houston to know
that I'm with them in the long haul I'm
not just here for the initial fundraiser
I'm here to make sure that we take care
you down the road have you ever seen
anything like this before never I mean
from Wisconsin original never and I was
just talking about that with some of my
teammates you know you see things on TV
you see you saw Katrina on TV you see
these disasters on TV but you've never
really been a part of it and until
you're a part of it you can never
understand what it's like and so to be
in it to see my city going through it to
see all of our people going through it
and streets that you know flooded 50
feet high that's when it hits the most
home and I think that's that's really
why I'm so passionate about making sure
do this right I'm wondering how your
teammates and their families are
reacting to it's been different because
some guys some guys can't get to their
home so we have some guys who are in
evacuation zones we have some guys who
had two feet of water in their house we
had a couple of our staff members had to
be evacuated by boat boat so it's just
really been here and there but the one
thing that our team is all about is
helping and giving back so once their
families were safe once everybody's safe
I know we had a group of guys go over to
one of the shelter's tonight and play
with the kids at the shelter and bring
some toys it's really about whatever we
can do and then once the football season
starts it's about three hours every
Sunday if we can be a distraction for
the fans and be a distraction for the
people to take their mind off it it's so
interesting on something like this it
kind of takes off that way and a life of
its own you know the fundraising you're
doing you have some you know big-name
people given a lot of money but you also
just have a lot of people who have been
moved by what you've done and want to
help so I think like you so many people
have seen this on television I feel
frustrated that right where do I donate
what can I do and I think that's what's
so interesting and awesome about the
time that we live in right now is this
crowdfunding idea has really taken off
and so while we do have people donating
a million dollars five hundred thousand
we also have people donating five
dollars and that's all they can donate
but they are donating because they want
to be a part of it and they want to show
their support there's over the last time
I checked there was over a hundred and
ten thousand people that had donated
them I mean it's incredible and they're
from all over the country all over the
world we've had people from different
countries donate so I just I can't thank
everybody enough I think that's my
biggest message is the city of Houston
thanks you for what you've done
and I appreciate you trusting me I'm
gonna make sure that I do everything I
can to get the city of Houston back on
this yeah you know I was out today with
a Coast Guard chopper crew just going
around and they were doing incredible
rescues and you just see the dedication
of folks who you know them they're
working around the clock a lot of them
have come from all over the country to
be here and and the volunteers you know
the CryEngine Navy folks who grabbed
Road and are doing what they can I think
the difficult times bring out the best
in humanity that's kind of something
that I've said this week a couple of
times and it's so true I think with
everything that's going on in the world
and no matter what happens no matter if
you're rich poor no matter if you're
black white the one thing that we can
all rally around is helping our fellow
human and I think that we've seen that
in abundance this weekend I think we're
gonna continue to see that in abundance
in Houston's a very diverse City it's a
very resilient city and so to see these
people all come together that's what's
so inspiring
I think we can all take a page out of
that book and try and help our fellow
did you ever think you would see a
response like this I mean in an event I
mean you always wonder well what would
happen if I lived through something like
this do you ever think you would see
people come together I always hope so
but to see you coming to reality is a
whole different ballgame and it's so
sweet to watch it's so beautiful to
watch you see lines of volunteers where
you're like is that a line for the food
or is that a line and then all of a
sudden it's a line of volunteers and I
think it's so special when you have that
many people wanting to help in that many
people willing to give what they can
shelters are turning away supplies
because they have so many so yeah it's
really encouraged so important about
what you're doing is that you know
people see okay well stop raining people
who aren't here seems stopped raining
and they think oh the worst is over
things are getting better but you go to
Beaumont today where they just ran out
of clean drinking water and have to
evacuate a hospital you go to some of
these other areas even in neighborhoods
on your reservoirs where there's still
water coming in right and that's the
thing is we cannot forget about what's
going on just because the water is
starting to recede in the storms
starting to go away we need to help out
those other areas we need to continue to
raise the money because they're saying
that at some of these areas with the
water aren't going to go away for quite
a long time and obviously that's when
the real work starts because we need to
get these houses clean when you get them
rebuilt when you get these people back
in their homes because so many people
have been displaced how how - how do
people go back down any money the front
the site is you caring calm slash JJ
Watt you can go to the site tearing calm
you caring calm slash JJ Watt okay you
can go to the site you can watch it
update as it goes it's pretty fun to
watch and it's incredible and then the
checks can go directly to my if you want
to mail a physical check or whatever you
liked is the Justin J watt foundation
and so it's so you did you create a
foundation so I've had that we had on
dating for seven years but it's been
donated after school athletics for
middle school kids so we had to create a
branch we went through all the legal
paperwork and everything to make sure
that we create a branch so we could
accept these donations and now we're
gonna obviously take that money and give
it directly to the people from Hurricane
Harvey but yeah we've gone through a lot
of there's been a lot of phone calls a
lot of legal conversations everything
just to make sure we do it the right way
because like I said the number one thing
is I want these people and know that the
money that they're donating it's going
directly to Houston so finally I mean
what is the message to folks other who
were here in Houston tonight or or
watching around the country what he
and that's happening here what you're
doing the message to everybody in
Houston is we have your back is is we're
going to take care of you we have your
back we want to do everything that we
can to make sure that we take care of
you because you're our city you've
supported us you've taken care of us so
I want to make sure that we do
everything in our in our power to take
care of you to people around the world
thank you for your support thank you for
your love thank you for your thoughts
please don't forget about it once the
storm goes away please keep donating
please keep supporting but and then the
last message will be thank you thank you
to all the firefighters and policemen
and neighbors that helped out thank you
to everybody around the world who
donated and sent their supplies and sent
their firemen and and everything in
their boats
thank you humanity thank you for being
good people thank you for donating thank
you for showing your support thank you
for showing that those good in the world
I appreciate that thank you very much
thank you all you do thank you
