on Sunday night as torrential rain
started to pound houston bradley allen
started to worry about his 88 year old
dad home alone levels of the bio were
going up at a drastic rate what happened
what were you thinking about call dad
tell him to get out there's more rain on
the way Bradley was monitoring the news
and satellite information so he saw the
flooding begin to subsume his dad's
neighborhood and knew the situation was
dire was there a moment where you were
fearing the worst every day because we
could not verify factual that he was out
of the house the only solace was this
photo that family members spotted in the
New York Times it appeared to show the
back of Harrison Allen loaded with other
evacuate in a flooded dump truck but
they still had no idea where he was how
many churches and shelters do you think
you combed a lot probably in the 40s or
50s you went to 40 or 50 face to face
they also handed out this missing poster
but still no luck until Wednesday night
when CNN put the poster on TV and Chris
interviewed Bradley he doesn't have a
phone in this day and age if people lose
their cell phone you remember everything
number to call and an emergency if
you're 88 years old they definitely
don't as soon as I thought I knew it was
him mark yeah Quebec is one of the
managers at a nearby Double Tree Hotel
that has taken in hundreds of evacuees
I'm watching CNN and I see the story on
this missing gentleman I took on my
phone and I took a picture of the screen
and I immediately called the hotel
because I knew he was still here and
then we were able to make the connection
on Thursday morning Bradley and his
family drove hours from outside of
Austin to the Double Tree to find his
dad who was just thanking mark for his
help when Bradley dashed up hey buddy oh
it's so good to be back
my family you know these people helped
us out flying it good I appreciate even
baby Avery seemed relieved to see her
great grandpa again because
