Harvey Sara there's obviously been a
huge outpouring of support to people all
around the country for the victims of
Harvey you've seen people lining up to
volunteer you've seen people donating
tens of millions of dollars
can you speak to with the president and
his family have done regarding donation
for Harvey relief personally all right
yes I can I had a chance to speak
directly with the president earlier and
I'm happy to tell you that he is would
like to join in the efforts that a lot
of the people that we've seen across
this country do and he's pledging a
million dollars of personal money to the
fund and he's actually asked that I
check with the folks in this room since
you are very good at research and have
been doing a lot of reporting into the
groups and organizations that have best
and most effective in helping and
providing aid and he'd love some
suggestions from the folks here and I'd
be happy to take those if any of you
have them
