if these pets could talk there would be
scary stories to tell about the flooding
caused by Harvey because these dogs and
cats were left behind as floodwaters
inundated neighborhoods in and around
Dickinson Texas owners either unable to
take them or assuming the flooding
wouldn't be serious
I joined Chris Schindler and rowdy Shaw
from the Humane Society of the United
States after they received phone calls
from evacuated pet owners asking for the
pets to be rescued they go to a house
where floodwaters went almost as high as
the roof
they make sure no humans have come back
and then look for one dog and one cat
left behind the lower level of the house
is destroyed empty pet crates are
toppled flooding still remains we see a
stuffed animal which we feared for a
split second was a deceased pet Chris
and rowdy thoroughly searched the house
no pets are found it's not known what
happened to that a short time later a
happier outcome two dogs located in the
backyard of a nearby home Snoopy an
eight year old poodle and a B an eight
year old English bulldog are rescued so
a woman had actually found those dogs
running loose she was able to contain
them and put them in her backyard at
call Snoopy and Abby joined the more
than 300 other dogs and cats at the
Public Works building in Dickinson the
owners of almost all of the pets
identified and contacted but some of
these pets are strays canine and feline
victims of the storm identities unknown
this guy was found on a flooded street
corner here in Dickinson let's call him
patches and then there are other kinds
of pets like these two rabbits and a
guinea pig Elizabeth my herd is their
owner
she couldn't retrieve them before the
storm came and thought they might have
died I was having nightmares I was
part-time sleeping and you know now I
can finally rest easy and so can the
people who love Snoopy and Abbott you
guys ready to go home yeah Moodle and
english bulldogge are owned by Ryan
Johnson's father-in-law my father-in-law
can can sleep tonight it'll be happy so
thank you guys many pets remain missing
thanks to these people who love animals
there have been some happy reunions and
more to come
