the new controversial legislative body
in Venezuela is now yet again targeting
opposition leaders the Constituent
Assembly now plans to try any opposition
leader accused of supporting sanctions
against Venezuela with treason remember
just last week the u.s. put out a set of
financial sanctions against Venezuela
and that follows a set of sanctions
against those associated with president
Nicolas Maduro and a sanction against
the President himself Venezuela has
called the u.s. an imperialistic force
even called it a xenophobic and racist
Empire and yet today Venezuela is also
extending a helping hand saying it wants
to help US citizens out of Corpus
Christi and Houston impacted by
hurricane Harvey they say they are
willing there they're pledging up to
five million dollars as well as supplies
for those victims but you know when it
comes to resources and money in
Venezuela those are also scarce we're
talking about an economy in crisis with
food and medical shortages plaguing
Venezuela a country that was once the
wealthiest in Latin America
