let's talk about delivering help after
Harvey the president says it is a top
priority do you have a plan to avoid the
politics that got in the way of the
sandy money we hope that everybody puts
politics aside to get help directly to
the people in a speedy fashion I mean we
know Chris after the devastating effects
of a storm like Harvey that the recovery
the rebuilding the relief efforts they
go on infinitely sometimes it feels like
we don't know if it'll be weeks months
years but this president and vice
president and cabinet stand ready to
assist those in need housing will be an
issue for many people who are displaced
their houses are either uninhabitable or
destroyed we know that we've been trying
to get food and water to people over two
and a half million meals over two
million liters of water as of yesterday
and perhaps more today clothing we know
that nongovernmental organizations are
also helping a great deal the media are
helping connect people with information
we're grateful for that but in terms of
the funding we hope that Congress will
focus on the president's priority which
is to connect the people in need with
the money and the resources that they
require to get immediate help but also
to help rebuild their lives that's why I
asked about the plan I get the
intentions and it's the right intention
especially in this type of emergency
situation but you know the cabinet
itself is filled with lawmakers who
voted against that sandy money what will
the president do if people play politics
with Harvey the way they did with Sandy
Chris the president has also said he
needs cut to rely on Congress we hope
it'll be bipartisan a nature so few
things in this city have been since we
arrived in January we can't seem to get
many Democrats at the table for big
meaningful initiatives and that's very
disappointing can't have a conversation
let alone a vote on certain things but
we hope when it comes to relief that the
plan will include Democrats and
Republicans voting to get that relief it
should also really focus on the task at
hand which is about Harvey and those in
the affected areas so Congress comes
back in the meantime the president has
provided the administration frankly is
working to coordinate with
our local state officials and also the
rest of the administration to access the
resources in the capital that we need to
provide folks with with their immediate
relief so he's going to have to get the
Republicans in line because they're the
ones that blocked the sandy money last
time Ted Cruz Ryan and others and he's
gonna have to rethink the FEMA money
isn't he I mean making cuts to FEMA and
allocating money to the wall what's the
main priority Harvey or the wall well
Chris that's not very fair and I heard
you three times in a row get the same
sound bite out so let me reply in kind
when it came to I can sandy you know no
that's not fair I answered your question
twice I'll do it a third time but if
you're going to talk about who voted for
and against hurricane sandy you have to
be fair and reflect the full remarks of
the people who say that they voted
against what they wanted to vote for
hurricane relief but they voted against
what they saw as a pork Laden bill that
includes many other things I saw a
woman's for a car for an Inspector
General another was to revamp some some
building but they this is about getting
money to the people right but that just
wasn't on the president the last two
days was asked in different ways about
money and he has both time said he
thinks it should be separate in other
words he thinks that we really should
focus on the task at hand here and
that's democrats and republicans he said
the right thing i i am in no way
criticizing what the president has said
the right thing i'm not suggesting you
won't i'm suggesting that he's got to
get the GOP in line because those
senators who said it was pork laden like
ted cruz were wrong they were playing
politics and that's why Cruz had to
change his position after getting three
Pinocchio's it wasn't pork Laden almost
all of that money was sandy related
listen to Governor Chris Christie a
Republican as we all know he says they
were playing politics they were cheap
and they were wrong so I'm asking how
does the president avoid that happening
again
so I've answered that I'm writing I
think you're playing politics now with
something like a tragedy and Harvey I
answered your question the money will be
there we hope that Republicans the
Democrats will come together and not
politicize this we see a lot of politics
being played
I think instead of having the same
conversations five different ways over
the course of the first three or four
minutes of this interview you could be
putting up 1-800 numbers or websites or
giving people information about diapers
or pet register Nuvo or meals or water
we could do both so you're not that
actually we are actually we use social
media the people away and put something
up you can take two of the seats away
from a panel and put information up in
these acts to the freshly required yeah
it's a fact this president isn't just
saying the right thing he will do the
right thing I'm saying do it Congress
has to come together and we saw the
attention with Sandy and they didn't get
it done Donald Trump then citizen Trump
rightly criticized the Obama
administration and Congress for not
getting the money done for Sandy because
they played politics that's what I'm
saying we don't have to be defensive
about the president I'm not calling him
out but I'm saying how does he control
the defensive at all except for the
people in need so my focus is on them
and that's my logic is on the people who
are affected now that's right not not
something you want to politicize from
five years ago my height my concern are
the the women and the children and the
family and the destroyed homework people
who stand or in a very different
situation than they were just a wee bit
that's why Chris Christie we're here to
help them and that's why Chris Christie
is making the rounds on television
saying in full-throated fashion don't do
it again
you took 60 something days to approve
the money because you played politics
and you wanted budget set offs and it
wasn't a clean bill avoid those problems
this time that's all I'm saying that's
not disrespecting the survivors that is
respecting the survivors and making sure
that they don't get caught up in
political mishegoss like happened the
last time that's my point
we agree shocking all right let's move
on to something else
the one of the themes that's coming out
of this and it's not a discussion just
to have now but certainly in the weeks
and months as we move forward is whether
or not what happened in Harvey and why
it's happening and why these storms
happy open up a discussion about the
role of climate changes the president is
the administration open to that
conversation Chris we're trying to help
the people whose lives are literally
underwater and you want to have a
conversation about climate change I mean
that is I'm not going to engage in that
right now because I work for a president
and a vice president and a country that
is very focused on helping the millions
of affected Texans and God forbid
Louisiana and if if it ends up
imagine if we can find ways to reduce
the number of these storms imagine if we
could figure out why a hundred year
storm seems to happen every other year
you have all these scientists say
climate change is part of the equation
it's a question about whether the
administration to open it seems the
answer is no well as soon we'll assume
no I didn't say that christen you don't
need to put words in my mouth you
berated me for asking the question and
made it sound as if I weren't caring
about the situation I think the cause of
the storm I'm exposing the irony of the
conversation here's video you play
amateur climatologist tonight and I will
play professional helper to those in
need and continue in my job here as
counsel to the President to help listen
to the cabinet members the president the
vice president FEMA DHS and others
general Kelly who could not be a better
chief of staff equipped for a matter
like Harvey since he was at DHS and as
accustomed to large-scale operations as
such and and I will and we're going to
talk to the governors of the two state
and the locally elected officials and
the NGOs and non-governmental
organizations of faith-based groups the
volunteers on the ground neighbor to
neighbor stranger stranger rescuing each
other I'm going to focus on them for in
the short term perhaps the long term
because I literally see people I see
pregnant women and including on your
channel who are in need
say they're shivering or their kids are
hungry or they're worried about their
belongings or they have to leave their
pets behind can somebody rescue them or
they haven't heard from an elderly
relative that's what I'm going to do
that's what we're going to do here you
should but it doesn't mean that you do
that to the exclusion of questions of
why storms happen at some point that
could be part of the conversation I
asked about it you gave it a talk about
that I'll come back to talk about that
right now I know that many houstonians
and and those living in and around that
city we're either uninsured or
underinsured they're facing a lack of
housing there they're exhausted they're
frustrated they're worried about family
members and friends they have not heard
from they're worried about elderly
relatives that they have not seen so
we're going to look at the human factor
for quite a while now now if you want to
talk about issues also in the news we
could talk about oh the president's play
at historic tax reform today in Missouri
route 66 the heart of American
manufacturing and and America's Gateway
to the West at one point where he has
promised to simplify a tax code that we
spend billions of billions of hours and
dollars trying to comply with it every
year you've got these stupid instruction
page for the simple form is over 200
pages long that's just the instruction
page we have a 94% or so of Americans
and 91% of small business owners either
do fill out that form themselves with
software packages or pay someone else to
help them do it we're spending we're
losing millions of jobs it's costing us
millions of jobs trillions of dollars
and billions of hours will the tiny one
product benefit the middle class the
working class equally as it does the
upper class it is a middle class tax cut
also also we have to go here's what it
means I'm glad you asked this is
basically getting a pay raise for many
middle-class Americans the middle income
earners I should say we're reducing
their marginal rate but we're also
reducing the rate on small business
owners and entrepreneurs who already
suffering under the yoke of Obamacare
which of course was one of the biggest
job killers and tax raisers in modern
history in addition to that
regulation they've had to overcome they
they are now taxed in a way that hurts
their productivity and their ability to
retrain it attract and retain an
American workforce expand their
operations survive and prosper there are
four major goals here one is to do
exactly that make our job creators more
competitive around the globe you know
other countries saw how lower corporate
tax rate was and how well we were doing
for years and they wised up to that and
they went lowered their corporate tax
rate and we increased ours these are the
folks who are creating jobs who are
reinvesting with you know the corporate
tax rate is different than when we're
dealing with the working class that's
one point you might reduce their tax
excuse me smarts owners know small
business owners though are the Forgotten
men have forgotten woman absolutely what
what they can do I was a small business
owner for 21 years before I took this
job Chris what I would have done with
that kind of reduction in rate you
reinvested right back into the company
you hire another person or two you buy
better supplies in inventory you you you
move to a better a better facility
there's no question you can incentivize
them I'm just saying that the corporate
tax rates small business but owners
don't pay that right if they're in an
LLC or an S corp or pass-through they're
filing as individuals so the more you
can do for their individual rate the
better I'm saying the corporate rate you
know what it is nominally versus what it
is effectively is a big difference if
you get rid of all the loopholes then
you can play with the rate but until you
do that you're doing nothing that's
right thank you for mentioning that part
of the simplification is going from this
thousands of pages of nonsense and
complying since the IRS is probably one
of the biggest Loch Ness monsters here
in the swamp is getting the IRS off the
yolks of many American taxpayers because
they are they live in fear of of not
complying properly so they spent all
this money all this time doing that
simplifying awesome means getting rid of
these loopholes and these stops to
special interests and swamp dwellers
because frankly Curt the current tax
code benefits many of the wealthy
because they can afford attorneys and
accountants and lobbyists to help them
pay next to nothing or not your taxes so
let's get rid of a lot of those those
loopholes and a lot of those special
interest stops if you will the other
thing that we're going to do is
our country more competitive and also
repatriate so many of these funds we've
got so much wealth parked in other
countries because we have made it
prohibitive and companies are doing that
legally we've made a prohibitive for
them to retain and reinvest their
profits and their money into our own
country we want to bring back jobs we
want an including manufacturing jobs and
we want to bring back that wealth that's
been parked in other countries you do
that here and you couple that with what
the president has already done Chris
with respect to deregulation what he
started in in unleashing energy the
investments that he's making an
infrastructure wants to make an
infrastructure another I would hope
nonpartisan or bipartisan issue we'll
see and then we're talking you've got
the president today Missouri you've got
vice president pence tonight in West
Virginia at the Chamber of Commerce
where he is be joined by Democratic
Senator Joe Manchin we hope he have his
vote he's joined by the new Republican
governor governor justice of western
abortion it's an important discussion
for both sides we know that right now
we're in the phase of the president
wanting to frame the debate and that the
how we'll come later and we'll assess it
when it does let me ask you about a
couple other things one what is going to
happen with daca and we know we're
waiting on that and I ask you in a
different context than normal one of the
things we're seeing coming out of Harvey
is they are not checking for
documentation right now because the
exigency is on safety and just making
sure as many people get as helped as
possible we have not heard the president
criticize that move that leniency right
now and I'm wondering if that plays in
to any of his philosophy about what to
do with daca because these kids who then
become adults in this country are very
vulnerable group what's the thinking on
it well a few things on daca the
Congress had all year to act a
legislative fix or some clarity would be
helpful but on the matter of daca the
president has expressed sympathy for
many of the so-called dreamers but they
refer to themselves as dreamers and the
A's also made very clear that he wants
an immigration system that respects the
law and that is fair fair to everyone
involved and
let me just back up because I think that
Donald Trump as a candidate and now as
president took issues that really were
mired in the low single digits and
everybody's polling illegal immigration
trade for example and he he talks about
them through the lens of fairness but
fairness to also four years the big
debate was what's fair to the illegal
immigrant what more can we do for them
or give to them and Donald Trump said as
a candidate well but what's fair to the
American worker with whom they're
competing on for that particular job
what the data disputes that premise by
the way Chris come on we're just not the
jobs not the jobs that Americans are
looking for and doing that's not what
undocumented people we by the way that
is a very elite effete argument what is
it how many people do you know that want
jobs picking vegetables Marlena by the
way many cuz I grew up in the circus New
Jersey excuse me I grew up in the party
need you walked right into that because
I actually walked up in the part of New
Jersey that gives it the nickname the
Garden State and worked on a farm myself
for eight summers there are many
Americans who will do what immigrants
and and american-born citizens have done
for years those aren't the jobs they
have to do what you have to do to
support themselves and their families
but documented immigrants aren't what's
keeping wages down they're not what's
taking the good jobs away from American
workers there's a reason that mar-a-lago
has to go outside the country to get
service workers you know there's a
demand for that kind of labor right or
wrong it's existed for a long time so
the question becomes how do you balance
respect for the law and enforcement of
that law and you have two very different
opinions you had Trump during the
campaign who said we're gonna be a
hammer we're gonna be a hammer we're
gonna get them all out then once he
learned more about these people and how
they manifest themselves in this country
especially the dreamers he said this is
really hard I got to figure it out they
should rest easy and I'm wondering where
his head is now well that's what leaders
do the leaders listen to many different
insights and inputs and contrasting
opinions the president surrounds himself
with people of that of that nature but
at the same time I want to remind you he
has never backed down from the fact that
this is a country it's a nation it's a
sovereign nation that must have borders
that are we
expected and that we have spent billions
of dollars over the years helping other
nations protect their own borders and
many Americans agree with him that it's
high time we respect our own I would
mention a couple other things so this
president is very committed to workforce
development and labor overall he is
about two months ago invested 100
million dollars and directed his
Secretary of Labor and others and is
working with governors i sat in one
meeting with Democratic and Republican
governors and members of the cabinet
where they talked about workforce
development of the needs the job
creators came here to what are the needs
of our modern economy what is it that we
what are the skill sets and the tools
that are necessary and and we're
listening to that and he's this
apprenticeship program that he has put
his full force in effect behind as has
Ivanka Trump in her capacity here a
senior advisor it's incredibly
heartening because the folks that you
grow I think they throw some of the
folks you grew up with in Queens I grew
up with in South Jersey these are folks
who don't go to college but who can
graduate from high school or a community
college with a skills certificate and
they can become carpenters welders
plumbers they're a very vital important
part of our economy pres and they can
support themselves and their families on
day one the trades the trades are real
there's no question about it they need
encouragement just the way College does
and it also makes the point about what
kinds of jobs are really needed and what
the real threat of these new immigrants
are we're at a time Kellyanne I
appreciate the conversation thank you so
is the sequel for you and me thanks
Chris good to know you're always welcome
here to talk about what matters be well
and stay safe
