as all of you know President Trump in
the first lady traveled to Texas just
yesterday to oversee our rescue and
recovery efforts to stand with the
people of Texas and to assure them that
our administration will continue to
provide them all with the support that
they need president actually asked me
and my wife to travel to Texas tomorrow
with the same heartfelt message to Texas
and Louisiana we say we are with you
today we are with you tomorrow and we
will be with you every single day
to restore recover and rebuild even in
this challenging time the people of
Texas are proving yet again that the
brightest lights oftentimes come from
the darkest moments in the midst of this
historic storm the people of Texas have
responded with their very best this
could well be Texas is finest hour
