look at this get out dude you got it you
got a power cord
you got a rope hold on I'm trying to get
you a rope alright buddy come on
backwards all right no no ma'am no ma'am
we got a car in a ditch we just pulled a
fellow out you all right number yeah all
right take your breath and we're gonna
pick you up you want to get get you off
of this Bank okay we're gonna get you
off of this Bank we just literally
rescued this guy out you can see his car
John I don't know Brian you working on
that video
this man just accidentally drove into a
ravine that looked like a road didn't it
yeah look just like a road and his truck
just went in and it's now going down
that ravine and we just pulled him out
of the the the ravine it happens within
seconds this is why it's so dangerous
right now to be out it's unbelievably
out come on sir let's get into the dry
well hey I want to thank these guys for
saving my life thank you where you from
buddy Winnie Texas Winnie Texas so you
guys have been hit pretty hard in windy
Texas what's your name Jerry some wrong
Jerry somebody needs to come and get you
staying at the motel right up here oh
okay we'll just take a breath take a
breath get some water
