in the fantasy world of Game of Thrones
fire-breathing dragons are the ultimate
weapon of war behind the scenes it took
an army to create them in the world they
inhabit we had a meeting with HBO and
they were talking about how the how
important the Dragons will be for the
coming seasons and how much the
character personality will be a major
part of the of the story picks armando
joined Game of Thrones in season 227
visual effects companies the show is
hired to date their job to create
dragons that were coming of age if this
animal is getting bigger than the
balance the muscle structure the way it
actually lifts up in the air is changing
is becoming more complicated than if you
have something tiny that it's a hop a
few feet and this was an incredibly
challenging thing to develop to do so he
says the artists had to take something
familiar the went to a supermarket and
dissected chicken to learn how the
muscle structure should be you know when
the dragon comes in and they like shoot
and the ice starts to like break up it's
work like this which has made Game of
Thrones a must across for the next
generation I want to work on characters
so just seeing dragons when the little
baby is trying to shoot tiny bits of
fire to what they are now it just he's
huge beasts and then resonates well with
everyone I think for these final year
visual arts students it was part of the
inspiration for their thesis film he
learnt anything from watching Game of
Thrones yeah I think so um definitely
that not everything has to be CG so like
the Wolves they were real wolves at that
like green screened in that wasn't CG
and to me that was really eye-opening in
a way I think the original intent was to
write a story that was so grand that it
was completely unbound by the
constraints of regular production and
visual effects has made
a show like Game of Thrones possible
because the facts is not the driving
force of the show I think it's the drama
that is built around people's
relationships it's not trying to be a
fantasy story this could be true this
could be a real thing and I think that's
what makes the magic of it a magic that
has taken TV drama an epic scale
sebastien CNN Money New York
