hundreds of evacuees are now making
their way inside the Osteen Houston
megachurch this is yesterday afternoon
but there's been a lot of critics for
pastor Osteen saying that that church
should have welcomed victims much sooner
the pastor wants to respond to his
critics he joins us now the church has
always been open we we our doors we've
received we received shelter victims
just the first day or two but there was
a time Chris that the place was flooded
that's that's not a true statement
people that say that aren't we have
flood gates right behind me over to the
right and it was within a foot of that
so there was a safety issue the first
day or two I mean you're seeing you know
as well as I do this was a huge storm so
but the idea that we wouldn't receive
people I mean we've been here in this
community for 60 years in Allison of
tropical storm Allison we house 3,000
people so we've always been open there's
a big shelter four miles away the city
shelter that has all the dormitories
once they filled up people started
coming here but how this notion got
started that we're not a shelter and
we're not taking people in as a false
narrative
