ray real quick question here you know we
were talking earlier about how you came
down here and what was is that that what
was about what you saw that inspired you
I flooded before I know what it's like
it's tough just try to help just got
help you're a hero to a lot of people
you know that no that's what we do
that's what we do how long have you been
at it oh just a few hours you know we've
been protect we've been protecting our
home you know up to this point so now
that now that the water is up it's time
to get out and help great what runs
through your mind when you see the cat's
rescue the children rescue these people
and the look on their faces when you
show up real happy very happy proud to
be at Exeter hmm I've observed a lot of
this selflessness from houstonians
describe that character that spirit
that's all over the place
there's hundreds of volunteer thousands
of volunteers today helping people all
over all over the city all over the
region this lot of this is through
through church groups are out here so
everybody just comes together every but
everybody's been through you know
different events before and so people
people people help others that have been
helped in the past so that's what we're
that's what we're trying to do
