I'm I'm wondering what you can tell the
people of Texas to expect in terms of
long-term recovery efforts and in
particular you have been feuding with
some key congressional leaders you've
also threatened a government shutdown
potentially next month over border wall
funding or these going to hamper
long-term the the funding that will be
needed long-term for recovery no Todd I
think that you're gonna see very rapid
action from Congress certainly from the
president and you're going to get your
funding it's a terrible tragedy your
governor has been absolutely outstanding
and the job he's done and his entire
staff and I will say that I just spoke
with Greg and he is working like 24/7 we
expect to have requests on our desk
fairly soon and we think that Congress
will feel very much the way I feel
they're in a very bipartisan way that
will be nice but we think you're going
to have what you need and it's going to
go fast Texas is a unique place it's a
great great state great people and I
think you'll be up and running very very
quickly really very quickly so yeah I
think you're gonna be in fantastic shape
I've already spoken to Congress and
everybody feels for you and feels for
what you're going through but at the
same time they have great respect even
additional respect for the state because
you've handled it so well so brilliantly
but it's a long road still pouring still
a lot of rain nobody has ever seen
anything like it they've heard the words
epic I've heard historic that's what it
is
