mr. president thank you so much a
president need to stop have a question
for you as well but if I could start
with President Trump in the middle of
hurricane Harvey hitting on Friday night
you chose to pardon former sheriff joe
arpaio I wonder if you could tell us
what was behind your thinking for
issuing a pardon for the sheriff and as
well what do you say to your critics
even some in your own party who say it
was the wrong thing to do well a lot of
people think it was the right thing to
do Jenna and actually in the middle of a
hurricane even though it was a Friday
evening I assume the ratings would be
far higher than they would be normally
you know the hurricane was just starting
and I put it out that I had pardoned as
we call as we say Sheriff Joe he's done
a great job for the people of Arizona
he's very strong on borders very strong
on illegal immigration he is loved in
Arizona I thought he was treated
unbelievably unfairly when they came
down with their big decision to go get
him right before the election voting
started as you know and he lost in a
fairly close election he would have won
the election but they just hammered him
just before the election I thought that
was a very very unfair thing to do when
I mentioned him the other night you saw
the massive crowd we had the people went
crazy when I said what do you think of
Sheriff Joe or something to that effect
the place went absolutely crazy when I
was in Arizona last week and as far as
pardons are concerned I actually did
this just before the mini because I
assumed that somebody would ask me the
question I didn't know it would be you
as you can attest you didn't even know
you're going to be called but I thought
I would and you know Sheriff Joe is a
great veteran of the military great law
enforcement person somebody that's won
many many elections in the state of
Arizona but I wanted to look at some of
the other people that were pardoned over
the years and if you look at as an
example President Clinton pardoned Marc
Rich who was charged with crimes going
back decades including illegally buying
oil from Iran while it held 53 American
hostages wasn't allowed to do that
selling to the enemies of the United
States he was pardoned after his wife
donated hundreds of thousands of dollars
to the Clintons
then you have dangerous criminals
President Clinton pardon Susan Rosenberg
a member of the weathered underground
charges part of a bank robbery that led
to a guard and two police officers being
killed drug dealers
President Clinton commuted the sentence
of Carlos Vick Nally a central player in
a cocaine ring that stretched from
California to Minnesota criminal leaker
you've heard the word leaker President
Obama commuted the sentence of Chelsea
Manning who leaked countless sensitive
and classified documents to Wikileaks
perhaps in others but horrible horrible
thing that he did commuted the sentence
and perhaps pardoned President Obama
commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez
Rivera who was charged as part of a
violent independence group from Puerto
Rico responsible for 28 Chicago area
bombings and many deaths in the 1970s
and 1980s Sheriff Joe is a patriot
Sheriff Joe loves our country sheriff
Joe protected our borders and Sheriff
Joe was very unfairly treated by the
Obama administration especially right
before an election an election that he
would have won so and he was elected
many times so I stand by my pardon of
Sheriff Joe and I think the people of
Arizona who really know him best would
agree with me thank you very much
