take a look around me I'm walking in
downtown Houston and you can see that I
am surrounded by water I want to start
on this street over here because you can
see there's a submerged vehicle we
talked to police about this Fred they
said they've rescued the individual who
was in that truck and as we pan over
take a look at the Harris County
Courthouse probably within the hour
there were about five to ten people
rescued from inside that building one of
those gentlemen that I talked to said
that the water started rising very
quickly they began to be evacuated one
of them had a sick toe so he wrapped his
foot in a plastic bag and first
responders literally carried him above
these waters to make sure that he could
be lifted to safety take a look over
here you see more submerged vehicles as
we see these rising waters continue to
grow a manhole over there that looks
like it's still erupting with water and
you see first responders beyond there
moments ago we saw and I believe we have
this video a high water vehicle it's
just surreal to see high water vehicles
in downtown Houston of course these are
out here these are resources that were
sent to Houston to make sure that they
rescue people wherever that is needed
and you know many people thought that it
wasn't going to get to this that it
wasn't going to be this flooded in
downtown Houston but indeed it is
