I'm just going to speak from the heart
here what we have witnessed was a total
eclipse of the facts someone who came
out on stage and lied directly to the
American people and left things out that
he said in an attempt to rewrite history
especially when it comes to
Charlottesville he's unhinged it's
embarrassing and I don't mean for us the
media because he went after us but for
the country this is who we elected
president of the United States a man who
is so petty that he has to go after
people who he deems to be his enemy like
an imaginary friend of a six-year-old
his speech was without thought it was
without reason it was devoid of facts it
was devoid of wisdom there was no
gravitas there was no sanity there he
was like a child blaming a sibling on
something else he did it I didn't do it
he certainly opened up the race wound
from Charlottesville a man clearly
wounded by the rational people who are
abandoning him in droves meaning those
business people and the people in
Washington now who are questioning his
fitness for office and whether he is
stable a man backed into a corner it
seems by circumstances beyond his
control and beyond his understanding
that's the truth if you watch that
speech as an American you have to be
thinking what in the world is going on
this is the person we elected as a
president of the United States this
petty this small the person is supposed
to pull the country together certainly
didn't happen there
