I want to bring it out CNN national
security analyst James clapper the
former Director of National Intelligence
mr. clapper thank you so much for
joining us what did you think of
tonight's performance by president
trauma well done it's hard to know where
to where to start just so objectionable
on so many levels you know I told in one
capacity or another for every president
since including John F Kennedy through
President Obama and I don't know when
I've listened and watched something like
this of a president that I found more
disturbing having some understanding of
the levers of power that are available
to a president if he chooses to exercise
them I found this downright scary and
disturbing
I think Bakari is right on the money
though that this is not a surprise it
interesting to contrast last night's
teleprompter Trump performance versus
tonight which is of course the real
Trump just as it was in that the unglued
impromptu press conference at Trump
Tower so I just find this extremely
disturbing are you questioning his
fitness yes I do i I really questioned
his ability to his fitness to be in this
office and I also beginning to wonder
about his motivation for it maybe maybe
he is looking for a way out I do wonder
as well about the people that attracted
to to this to the this rally as others
you know what are they thinking or why
am I so far out off base because I don't
understand the adulation and of course
that's why I think he
gravitated to having this rally is
ill-timed as it as it is
he should have quit wise ahead after
last night but again I think the the
real Trump came through and again as
bokhari said shouldn't be a big surprise
to anyone what should we do what should
we can do at this point you said your
questioning is fitness there are many
people who are saying it they won't say
it publicly they don't have the courage
that you do maybe after the speech they
will now it will become painfully
obvious - as it is to most Americans
what should we do well I think you know
the key thing here is where is he with
Republicans and I was quite struck by
Senator corkers remarks very thoughtful
and very very measured and I've I know
senator corker have dealt with him and
he is a very thoughtful senator and he
wouldn't say that lightly and and
without forethought and I'm hopeful that
other similarly thoughtful Republicans
will reach the point where enough is
enough enough is enough and what do you
what do you mean he playing for it
well that this behavior and this
divisiveness and the and the complete
intellectual moral and ethical void that
the president United States exhibits and
how much longer does the country have to
to borrow a phrase and doer this
nightmare the New York Times is
reporting tonight about the falling out
between the president and Mitch
McConnell over the investigations of
Russia's interference in the 2016
election there you see the headline up
on the screen the report says the
president was furious that McConnell
failed to protect him you call the
accusations of collusion between the
Trump campaign and Russia worse than
water
what do you think is going on with the
president why is this such a hot button
for him well first to be clear done I
when I left certainly on the 22 January
I I had not seen any evidence of direct
collusion between the Trump campaign the
Trump camp and the Russians there may
have been collusion but I didn't have
any evidence of it so I don't understand
frankly the president's fascination and
solicitation of solicitousness of Russia
and Putin particularly unless he feels
he's a kindred soul perhaps so it is it
is very strange to me and I don't have
an explanation for it I don't know if
it's collusion or something else you
have you said you questioned his his
fitness is he a threat to national
security the president well he certainly
could be again having some understanding
of the the levers that a president can
exercise I worry about frankly you know
the access to nuclear codes the in a fit
of pique he decides to do something
about Kim Jungman there's actually very
little to to stop them the sister hole
systems built to ensure a rapid response
if if necessary so they're very little
in the way of controls over you know
exercising a nuclear option which is
pretty damn scary do you see this as a
crisis mr. Clasen well I am not sure
whether what the definition of a crisis
is if it is we've been in it for quite a
while certainly since the election I
have to say Donna I was I couldn't help
but think in the course of the the
Charlottesville
his statements about Charlottesville
when he was so quick to characterize the
intelligence community as Nazis liken us
to Nazis on the 10th of January yet seem
very reluctant to call out the real one
or the wannabe Nazis in this case and
maybe that's I'm being a little
parochial here and defend offensive
about the intelligence community but
that is that's one thought I had so I
think if it is a crisis we've been in it
for quite a while what do you think
other intelligence officials now and
people who have some sway in Washington
what are the conversations they're
having tonight and what will they be
having tomorrow you think well I think
the defeats I think many people in the
intelligence community certainly
rank-and-file or worried are concerned
about this they're in there and it's a
tradition in the intelligence community
to carry on with the mission
and provide the intelligence that our
decision-makers so desperately need and
they'll continue to do that but I think
in moments of personal reflection I
suspect there they are greatly concerned
about the divisiveness that is taking
hold of this country James clapper is a
former Director of National Intelligence
and we thank you mr. clapper thank you
for your service for the country thank
you for coming on this evening
