president Trump announcing that more
troops will be going to Afghanistan this
is a major shift from his physician
before taking office when he felt the US
should immediately get out of
Afghanistan so how do the president's
most passionate supporters feel about
this change and other recent news events
i sat down with a group of Trump voters
from Florida Pennsylvania Michigan
Alabama and Georgia some of whom even
volunteered for his campaign to see how
they feel today and to get the pulse of
the people the president is going to
increase troop levels in Afghanistan
show of hands who's comfortable with
that everybody would like to see troop
levels go up in Afghanistan tell me why
Bobby I think it's a serious problem
that we've kind of not taken that
seriously in the last eight years of
Obama and this is this is what he this
is what he said he was going to do that
he was going to but no he didn't when
President Obama was increasing troop
levels President Trump and Donald Trump
tweeted we should get out this is silly
we should rebuild the US we should leave
Afghanistan immediately we have wasted
an enormous amount of blood and treasure
in Afghanistan he wanted to get out and
how many generals that he talked to
before he tweeted none now you know
mentally he didn't have the information
as I was reading them YC mm I really
feel we don't have a plan yeah then he
didn't know what he was talking about no
he did not have their annua any
narration has today which is completely
different
we have generals and military experts we
have to trust what they said Obama knows
within that to them in Iraq we may not
be here with Isis President Obama had
way more troops over and Donald Trump at
the time didn't like that but he's
trying to end it so does the general
said seven four thousand over we will
try and end it and don't you think the
President Obama was trying to end it no
no it was suddenly pulled up and so the
President Obama had a surge as well
right so he was trying to do the right
thing as well Organa Stan yes 2011 so
now President Trump will be trying and
you had a lot of military people saying
that Obama didn't listen to them that he
was telling that they were talking to
him and he was just ignore commanders
you know a lot of military generals and
people that came out saying that he was
not
it's time for I'm just trying to
understand the consistency of it's bad
when President Obama does it it's good
when president Truong all it's only that
we have generals there military experts
we have to trust what they say they know
what they're telling about if you're
signing their pro right way we're behind
all of it okay North Korea go ahead tell
us what's funny
kibou what are we waiting for no I like
the way he's handling called North Korea
and how is he handling judge Estrada he
has to be tough because he's always
craziness and I think that I think it's
a matter chief that he's been a lot more
disciplined if he can do it everywhere
else and you know it's almost chilling
there was a video of President Trump
being interviewed on a civilian son
Donald Trump in 1999 and he was asked
about North Korea and he said what are
we going to do wait for them to have
missiles pointed at us before we act
before we do anything we and look at the
situation now look where their nuclear
program has escalated to and so I think
that Kim jong-un has run around
unchecked in that part of the world for
a long time some people you hear talking
about president Trump's mental
instabilities congresswoman Jackie
Speier let me read to you her tweet the
president is showing signs of erratic
behavior and mental instability that
plates the country in grave danger time
to invoke the 25th amendment what she's
looking for okay whatever is President
Trump is smarter than anybody in this
room amen he has made millions of
dollars he knows what he's doing and if
the her think he's mentally what is in
the world why would you think that guy's
middle he ain't mental you know he had
two choices Hillary in him and if
Hillary was the president right now what
he's going to be going on North Korea
what do you think the stock market would
be doing what do you think would be
going on in North Korea that guy would
probably have already done sir I know
the stock market when the gauntlet run
since the world's biggest troll
everybody everybody falls for it every
day hook line and sinker he's just he
loves controlling a narrative you know
he's trying to be a very public enemy
number one let's be honest okay
Republicans hate him and Democrats hate
him you don't want to hate him because
he threatens their existence again the
dollars returned to the country this was
they asked for decimal because that's
progressive the media that's one to me
to chew on and make everybody go
hysterical while he's there actually
getting things done I don't find his
Twitter productive to be honest I think
it draws away from what could be a
really positive message coming out of
his administration they have
accomplished so much in terms of the
economy you know the stock market's up
around 18% unemployment down to around
4.2 percent which is the lowest since
2002 nearly 20 years I wish he would
tone down the Twitter a little bit so we
could focus on what his administration
is accomplished Robert what do you think
Twitter is an effective means for him to
communicate directly with all his
supporters bypassing the media getting
his message directly out what about the
Republicans like senator Tim Scott like
people who are now speaking out saying
that they think that the president sort
of doesn't have the stability the moral
authority is what senator Tim Scott said
be a leader they think if I do this now
that they get reelected if you don't
know the truth that's why I voted for
Trump I'm for business and they blame
their stuff civil rights man I went
through civil rights in 16 Alabama this
ain't nothing you know a bad guy 100 200
people up there and everybody blowing it
up and those people don't represent you
and me and all other ones don't
represent Hillary and if Hillary was
president there would still be
protesting the ticking down of the
statue there would still be white
supremacy on wherever and it would still
be not that you know what for eight
years
we heard Obama say that we can't we
can't refer to terrorists as Islamic
radical terrorists because it empowers
them increase their numbers but for
eight months I've heard the left call
Trump supporters white supremacist and
Nazis with no fear at all that's going
to increase their numbers or empower
them but the analogy there is that with
President Trump was so angry that
President Obama wouldn't call it for
what President Trump bought it was
radical Islamic terror why didn't he
admit a callout neo-nazi why didn't he
call it what it is if staying radical
Islamic terrorists empowers the
terrorists and increase their numbers
then why calling us white supremacist
and Nazis doesn't increase their numbers
or empower them how do you know it
doesn't empower them then why don't you
stop saying it
power is more logic year hold on your
circular logic is confusing if president
trama wants evil to be called out why
didn't he call neo-nazis by name at
first he didn't have all the facts he
didn't note about the thousand doesn't
generally not a psychic it just happened
