the Daily Caller for whatever reason
because they did not have enough to do
because the eclipse wasn't enough to
keep them happy
decided to criticize the clothing worn
by barons from the headline was you know
it's about time the president's son
starts dressing the part some might
suggest is about time the Daily Caller
you know keeps opinions like this to
itself people like Chelsea Clinton let
me read this I have it right here
Chelsea Clinton in other words says it's
high time the median everyone leave bare
and trump alone and let him have the
private childhood he deserved ensure
Michael of course everyone should let
him have the childhood he deserves
of course the Daily Caller should be
criticizing his t-shirt which by the way
I like it would wear myself because it's
a very nice shade of red I mean John
he's a kid for Christ's sake you know
sometimes I think we really go too far
and our political rhetoric and the
things we tend to focus on allow him to
be a kid yes he's a kid in the White
House but at the end of the day he
should have all of the fun and
explorations any other typical American
kid and if that means wearing a shirt
and basketball shorts and maybe even a
baseball cap if he wants to let him do
that let him enjoy being young because I
can guarantee you when he gets older
he's going to wish it was young again
