the multiple weekend excursions to
mar-a-lago the repeated visits to his
golf club in New Jersey round-the-clock
security for the first lady and their
son inside Trump Tower in midtown
Manhattan until recently tonight there's
more scrutiny on the strain of those
operations for the men and women who
protect president Trump and his extended
family they are now working overtime
hours they are not getting paid for
today Secret Service director Randolph
Alice said about 1,100 agency employees
will work overtime hours this year that
they won't get paid for without Congress
stepping in Alice pointed out in a
statement quote this issue is not one
that can be attributed to the current
administration's protection requirements
but rather has been an ongoing issue for
nearly a decade
still observers say Alice has a problem
internally at the Secret Service he has
a lot of angry frustrated agents who
feel that they are giving more than they
can they should give by serving on these
details and the Trump details are taxing
the Secret Service in unique ways
unlike other presidents who made trips
to Camp David where military security is
already in place president Trump's made
frequent trips to his resorts former
Secret Service agent Larry Johnson says
that creates more security challenges
and longer hours for the agents you're
going to have to name check you can have
to do extra security because of access
to individuals that may there be
residents in that location or members of
the Golf Club etc the logistics of the
Secret Service is quite amazing when you
talk about moving vehicles moving agents
moving assets like magnetometers and
trump's large family 18 members in all
travel often need protection wherever
they go USA Today reports Trump's son
Eric took a business trip to Uruguay
earlier this year which cost the Secret
Service almost 100 thousand dollars just
for hotel rooms you may remember when
the children the three adult children
all went skiing it cost quite a pretty
penny and ski lift fees just for the
Secret Service agents it costs thousands
upon
of dollars in golf cart fees when the
family is in mar-a-lago because the
Secret Service agents have to have golf
carts to follow everybody around this
from a president who tweeted three years
ago quote we pay for Obama's travel so
he can fundraise millions so Democrats
can run on lies then we pay for his golf
today the White House issued a statement
saying the president is committed to
ensuring the Secret Service has all the
resources it needs
