boy whoa but this is really good because
those are beautiful um my boy on will
new is eternal and but last I've got
total eclipse for about two and a half
minutes over here in Oregon that's right
and as it means the as Moon moves across
you'll see subtle changes in the
structure of the corona that's sort of
with the light passing through different
parts of the valleys of the moon in the
profile but it's really though is the
rehab see the rentable chromis oh my God
look at that I'm going to tell the big
go back to Miguel Miguel it's about to
hit completely where you are right elute
Lee incredible look at the phone thing
trying to take pictures of this thing we
are in full totality now you can see
these streams coming off of the moon
Jordan if you would look up at the sky
this is absolutely incredible to see for
myself
we're about a minute through totality
this crowd just erupted when it went
total you can see the planes you can see
stars in the sky this is an unbelievable
experience you can see the planes as
they're crossing right in front like
it's in the night the temperature is
dropped between maybe 5 and 10 degrees
lately
I'm nursing going like David go you know
David Devore can go ahead explain what
we're seeing right now well we're
looking at a number of images from the
beginning in the end of totality and we
are seeing the crest of the Sun coming
back here on the right-hand side and the
left-hand side is there zooming in we
still see full totality with the corona
easily visible that's only the beginning
to come through animation city or again
but in Salem it's still it's total over
that's right Wow
