he was born Joseph Levitch in 1926 but
he became known to the world as Jerry
Lewis the zany but lovable fool in films
such as the bellboy and the Nutty
Professor
Lewis hit it big at age 20 when he
teamed up with another young entertainer
Dean Martin Dean was the zero macho and
I was the monkey and I knew we had
lightning in a barrel Martin and Lewis
became one of the most popular comedy
teams in history thousands of sold-out
performances 16 hit movies and dozens of
radio and TV appearances on his own
Lewis signed a seven-year 10
million-dollar contract with Paramount
in 1959 at that time it was the largest
contract ever between a studio and
performer Lewis went on to act in or
direct shows and movies for several
decades he later offered this advice to
fellow entertainers the hit score get
the audience laughing and happy that's
the secret of success in this business
he didn't just make audiences laugh
Lewis used his fame to make a difference
taking up the fight against muscular
dystrophy for more than four decades his
annual Labor Day telethon helped raise
more than a billion dollars for research
and treatment and almost always ended
with his signature song you'll never
walk alone walk with
in your heart and you'll never walk
alone who has struggled with his own
health problems over the years including
prostate cancer type 1 diabetes
pulmonary fibrosis and heart disease
it's been a long long grueling ride I've
ingested more than 24,000 ailments but
through it all he kept his sense of
humor you better laugh at it because the
alternative is not funny
ee
