much of America has reacted swiftly and
strongly to donald trump's grotesque
suggestion that there is a moral
equivalence between the white
supremacist who converged last weekend
on Charlottesville Virginia and those
who protested against them but the
delayed qualified and often
mealy-mouthed reactions of many in
America's leadership class tell a
disturbing story about the country's
elites and the reason we are living in
an age of populist rebellion the least
respected of today's leaders are of
course politicians the public largely
views them as Craven and cowardly
pandering to polls and focus groups and
that is how to many republican officials
have behaved in the face of Trump's
words and actions men and women who
usually cannot stop pontificating on
every topic on live TV with some
honorable exceptions have suddenly gone
mute on the biggest political subject of
the day I know they worry about the base
about primaries about right-wing donors
but shouldn't they also worry about
their country and their conscience
shouldn't they ask themselves why they
went into public service in the first
place and if they see someone at the
highest level trampling on the values of
the country shouldn't they speak up
directly forcefully and without
qualification business leaders meanwhile
are still among the most respected and
envied people in America today
they run vast organizations get paid on
a scale that makes their predecessors
from just 25 years ago
look middle-class and live in a bubble
of private planes helicopters and
limousines in other words they have all
the wealth power and security that
should allow them to set standards and
well lead instead for the most part
business leaders have also been cowards
most of them surely think Trump is a
charlatan a snake oil salesman in the
past many chose not to do business with
him because they believed he was
unethical
others were initially amused by his
candidacy but regarded his rhetoric on
trade immigration refugees as lonesome
and yet almost none of them spoke out
against him display if you even
distanced themselves from him after he
blame on many sides for the violence in
charlottesville had
books CEO Kenneth Fraser not resigned
from one of trumps advisory boards it's
unclear whether others would have spoken
out and even then some JumpShip only
when it became clear there was really no
alternative after Trump doubled down on
his initial comments America once did
have more public minded elites but they
came from a small club II work the
Protestant establishment not all were
born rich but they knew they had a
secure place atop the country they
populated the country's boardrooms
public offices and its best schools this
security gave them greater comfort in
exercising moral leadership today we
have a more merit-based elite what is
often called a meritocracy it has
allowed people from all walks of life to
rise up into positions of power and
influence but these new elites are more
insecure anxious self-centered
politicians are likely to be solo
entrepreneurs worried about the next
primary or the fundraiser CEOs live with
the constant fear that they might lose
their jobs or their company might lose
its customers in an instant they may not
think they have the luxury to be
high-minded but they do they are all
vastly more secure than most people in
America or in human history if they
cannot act out a broader interest who
can the group of leaders who deserve the
most praise this week are the military
brass in a remarkable act of leadership
for people who work under the President
all five of the heads of the Armed
Forces independently issued statements
unequivocally denouncing racism and
bigotry perhaps this is because the
military has been the institution that
has most successfully integrated
America's diverse population perhaps it
is because the military remains an
old-fashioned place where a sense of
honor standards and values still holds
the military chiefs have shown why they
still command so much respect in the
country America's other release should
perhaps take note
