so in response to president Trump's
firing a ban and you tweeted quote glad
to see ban and gone he never belonged in
the White House but the problem persists
since the most profound source of
division cannot be fired your position
on President Trump and ban and clear
there but let me ask you is there anyone
else in the White House that you think
should not be there you know there's
certainly a lot of people on the White
House staff and NSC staff that shouldn't
be there people like Miller and Gorka
and others who not only I think
represent the same thing that's the
abandoned did but aren't capable of
doing the job well so yes I think
there's more cleaning house that ought
to take place but as I mentioned in that
tweet Jake the more fundamental problem
is at the very top I think what the
President had to say about the
demonstrations in Boston else or was
perfectly fine perfectly unobjectionable
but also perfectly inadequate after that
debacle of a press conference he had
supposedly on infrastructure you know
the real I think challenge and job for
the chief executive in a country where
race has always been such a difficult
conversation is to do everything
possible to bring our country together
to help make us a more perfect union and
what the president did this week was as
if he stood on a line dividing the
country and pushed it to separate one
American from another with all this Mike
and that is not what this country needs
after President Trump's comments
appearing to equate white supremacists
and the counter protesters your fellow
Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee Jackie Speier tweeted quote
POTUS is showing signs of erratic
behavior and mental instability that
place the country in grave danger time
to invoke the 25th amendment that's the
amendment that would allow the removal
of the president do you agree that
President Trump is mentally unstable
well I certainly think that there's an
issue with the president's capability
there's some attribute of his character
that makes him seemingly incapable of
introspection and and and a broad
understanding of what the country really
needs and I think it's a question that
people are asking you know what is going
on with this president what could
explain this kind of behavior you know
it began at the very beginning
I remember when he had won the election
and within days seemed to suggest that
the only reason he didn't win the
popular vote was that millions of people
illegally came to the country and voted
and I thought to myself oh my god this
man is not only going to not grow with
the job but is willing to state things
that are just patently untrue I'm
convinced you if you took somebody off
the street of America and you said
you've just become president but here's
the deal you didn't win the popular vote
they would have the common sense to say
look I'm going to do everything I can to
win over everyone I realized that many
people indeed most people didn't vote
for me
but but he didn't do that he's not
capable of doing that and I don't
understand why but I do recognize what a
serious problem it is and I think more
than when I say it or when Jackie Speier
says it the fact that bob Corker now
says things along the same lines shows a
broadening recognition that there were
some serious issues with our president
that aren't going to go away that aren't
going to get better and indeed with the
pressures of the job may very well get
worse and I think for that reason at a
minimum we need the very best people
around him in the White House and and
that means that not people like bana and
not people like Miller not people like
Gorka but rather some more adults in the
room it sounds like you're saying that
you don't disagree with jackie speier
who said that president Trump is showing
signs of erratic behavior mental
instability and it so it sounds like
you're not disagreeing with that what
about the 25th amendment part which
would call for the removal of the
president are you you agree with that
you know I don't think we're at a point
of thinking about the 25th amendment you
know for one thing this is something
that the vice president cabinet would
need to come together on I think what
the authors of that amendment
principally had in mind was some kind of
physical incapacitation or serious
mental illness or a breakdown an
inability to function in office and I
think we're still far from concluding
that that's the case even though we find
many of us his conduct anathema and
there to be a serious problem here but I
don't think it you know particularly at
this point in time makes a lot of sense
to focus on the 25th amendment
I do think
means that we have to put real
constraints on this president we have to
make sure that our system of checks and
balances in Congress work I think
frankly the most powerful thing we could
do rather than pursue the 25th amendment
at this point is make sure that one
house or the other and ideally both are
in democratic hands frankly the hands of
a party not in the white house to be a
more effective check on on some of the
damage this president can do congressman
let me ask you President Trump was
obviously widely condemned for his
comments in which he seemed to be
equated both sides for the violence and
hatred in Charlotte so but obviously
let's remove the idea that there's any
moral equivalence is there any
legitimacy to the argument that the
violent tactics of groups like an tyfa
make matters worse and that democrats
and progressives need to condemn them
you know anyone that's committing a
violence
ought to be condemned anyone there's no
justification for it whatsoever but I do
think that that cannot be allowed to
obscure the fact that millions of people
are gathering around the country and
have since this president was
inaugurated in the most peaceful form of
protests and we can't allow the
commander-in-chief to somehow equate the
handful of people that would make those
protests violent with any kind of
sentiment that condones white supremacy
or neo Nazism and I think it all gets
back to the point you made earlier Jake
and I think it the fundamental problem
here is that the President of the United
States can't bring himself to repudiate
a part of his support and that is that
small group of bigots that are
supporters of his he's taken a pigeon
essentially that if you're with me you
can do no wrong and I won't condemn you
practically anything what that you do
his difficulty during the campaign in
your interview to condemn David Duke is
not at all unlike the difficulty he said
this week in an full-throated
unequivocal repudiation of sentiment and
ideology that we not only find repugnant
but we fought a world war over so I
think that's the root of the problem
congressman
Schiff democratic California thank you
so much good to see as always sir Thank
You Jake
