welcome back to the lead the national
lead now by most accounts almost all of
the people protesting against the
hateful bigots the Nazis and Klansmen
and Charlotte's Ville were peaceful but
not all of them in their midst was a
sometimes very violent group of
protesters that call themselves Anti Fog
known to not only clash with bigots but
also sometimes with police and
occasionally storefronts at least two
journalists in Virginia were assaulted
by violent counter protesters over the
weekend including
this cameraman from the Richmond CBS
affiliate CNN Sara Ganim now takes us
inside an T file and shows us this group
like you've never seen it before it's
6:00 a.m. in Portland Oregon and we're
headed to a bar with blacked-out windows
they wanted to meet us really early in
the morning because they're concerned
about a lot of people being around
we are meeting members of the Rove city
an tyfa short for anti-fascist this
group's main goal is to disrupt
neo-nazis and white supremacist but also
take on government and capitalism antifa
is any group that's willing to stand up
against fascist by any means necessary
by any means necessary they say can mean
outing a white nationalist at their work
or to their neighbors or as we've seen
recently violent fires property damage
hand-to-hand combat at protests across
the country explain to me the reasoning
behind fighting you have to make it so
unpalatable to be doing white
supremacist organizing that they no
longer want to do that and historically
that's what's worked you have to put
your body in the way and you have to
make it speak in a language that they
understand and sometimes that is
violence there's no firm number on how
many an sefa activists there are in the
u.s. because there isn't any one
organization most are local groups that
recruit and communicate through social
media but experts who track these
organizations say their membership is
growing in response to the rise of white
national groups and the election of
President Donald Trump
violence and property destruction led to
more than 200 arrests in Washington DC
on inauguration prosecutors say they
were wearing that covered head to toe in
black tactics against khakha West look
people dress in black locks for a few
things one Scott Crow has been leading
in our case and militant leftist groups
for decades so people put on the masks
so that we can all become anonymous and
then therefore we are able to move more
freely and do what we need to do whether
it is illegal or not so some people will
push back on that and say that the black
bloc is to keep people from being
identified and arrested when they break
the law when they commit crime right
it's a good way to avoid the
ramifications of law enforcement we saw
that firsthand at a May Day protest in
New York City when you cover our face we
pause and cover the Nazis will try to
find out who we are and that is a very
bad thing because they harass people
when they organize they kill people
they've hurt people they bite people
and we're the ones who are fighting back
they are the second coming of Hitler
police in Berkeley told us they haven't
seen this kind of destruction since the
1960s law enforcement in other cities
are dealing with similar situation like
in Portland Oregon where an sefa had
been involved in at least 10 a protest
ending in violence according to police
and it's wearing on the community it is
new it's like this Rumble mentality of
I'm going to bring my friends you bring
your friends and we're going to fight it
out in the park it's not something we've
seen here it's not good for the city
people are just frustrated by it
it's affecting their livability it's
affecting their business has it become
more violent it happens quicker the
fire-starting that we saw on May Day is
something we haven't really seen much of
in the past the running through the
street breaking windows and everything
in sight we haven't seen it as
consistently as we've seen in the last
eight months but it's the violence
that's gotten them attention directly
confronting groups that preach what
nationalists
rhetoric like on inauguration day when
white nationalist Richard Spencer was
punched in the face and it was the
antifoam movement that caused Berkeley
to cancel speeches by extreme-right
provocateurs like Milo he innopolis if
there are the more hardcore elements the
white supremacist and their Nazis to go
to these rallies that are itching for a
fight we're there to say we'll stand in
your way
the thing is Jake that experts who have
talked to say that the antipholus may
end up actually hurting their Cod across
the country people who are dressing in
black bloc are getting arrested
authorities are taking this seriously
but that's not stopping them at all they
have been telling me that they believe
that this tactic is working one of the
interesting things that I found in doing
this reporting which really surprised me
is that we found that a lot of these new
antifoam members they're young people
disenfranchised young people who felt
that they were let down by both parties
after the election and this is where
they ended up Jake
