we've just been to the site where the
mudslide happened on Monday and we're
recovery operations are now going on
trying to find bodies out of the rubble
and it is a very intense pain peak in
operation there are people walking
around everywhere wearing the white able
face mark there's a lot of the clay and
the clay them grease in that site and
increasingly they're not hopeful that
they will find anymore whole body
because it's raining the weather is lack
of visibility closed portal it really is
an intense time for the country and
people are just mostly standing around
in this era of shell shock they caused
quite get over that this is happening
again in a country that has suffered so
much tragedy in such a short time with
the war with Ebola and now this they're
really just asking why Syria wider
knowledge so everywhere you go there are
tales of obsessed and devastation and
hardly anyone in this country will have
will not be affected by this very very
tragic event
