both of you need to get on a plane
immediately and get down to that cold
Packer I you're right I mean I would say
one in three of the deals I investing
are hugely successful and two out of
three bite the dust along with my money
that goes under the ground with with the
entrepreneurs that are good or bad they
all make the same mistakes the mistakes
they make is when they have the magic
stick of Shark Tank bopping them on the
head and they instantly wonderful sales
overnight they can get a big head I
spend most of my time in the first three
months working with entrepreneurs
squeezing their head in they really
believe that when the first obstacle
hits them that they're gonna bump right
over well guess what that's when reality
hits the first time the supplier doesn't
come through with the material the first
time somebody steals the patent or
doesn't sign it over the first time of
any of the hiccups of building a
business
the entrepreneurs do one of two things
and this is when I really decide if I'm
in or out when they get that first big
bump i watch what they do
one in three don't blame anybody they
take the hit they feel sorry for
themselves for about maybe a minute and
then they get right back up in their
boxing again the two out of three
entrepreneurs blame the next guy it
wasn't my fault the dud data and they go
on a powder puff for a number of days or
sometimes weeks the minute someone
starts feeling sorry for themselves they
are not an entrepreneur because you
don't have that luxury in life if you
want to be an entrepreneur you have to
have a low enough IQ so that you bounce
back up and say hit me again one in
three of my hugely successful businesses
or all my usually successful businesses
my one out of three investments I should
say all have that commonality they're
smarter on their feet they're smarter at
recovering they're not book-smart I
don't even know if they have a high IQ
but guess what they're natural-born
entrepreneurs
