I'm not going to tell you anything about
what responses I do
you mentioned Russia let's talk about
some serious issues have come up in the
last week that you have had to deal with
this president United States you
mentioned the vessel the spy vessel off
the coast the United not good
there was a ballistic missile test that
many interpret in isolation of the
monopoly between the two countries and a
Russian plane buzzed the u.s. not good
in testing you do believe sir no I don't
think so I think Putin probably assumes
that he can't make a deal with me
anymore because politically it would be
unpopular for a politician to make a
deal I can't believe I'm saying I'm a
politician but I guess that's what I am
now they're very powerful nuclear
country and so are we if we have a good
relationship with Russia believe me
that's a good thing not a bad when you
say they're not good do you mean that we
are quite or not good no I when I read
up the three things that have recently
happened together whatever you said but
not happen but do they damage the
relationship all happen really sick no
I'm country you would like to work with
Russia they all happened recently and I
understand what they're doing because
they're doing the same thing now again
maybe I'm not going to be able to do a
deal with it but at least I will have
tried and if I don't does anybody really
think that Hillary Clinton would be
tougher on Russia than Donald Trump can
we conclude there'll be no response to
these particular provocations yeah I'm
not going to tell you anything about
what response and I do
I don't talk about military response I
don't say I'm going into Mosul in four
months we are going to attack Mosul in
four months then three months less we're
going to attack Mosul in one month next
week we are going to attack muscle the
meantime Mosul is very very difficult
you know why because I don't talk about
military and I don't talk about certain
other things you're going to be
surprised to hear that and by the way my
whole campaign I'd say that so I don't
have to tell you I don't want to be one
of these guys that say yes so here's
what we're going to do I don't have to
do that but I have to tell you what I'm
going to do in North Korea wait a minute
I don't have to tell you what I'm going
to do in North Korea and I don't have to
tell you what I'm going to do with Iran
you know why because they shouldn't know
and eventually you guys are going to get
tired of asking that question so when
you ask me what am I going to do with
the ship the Russian ship as an example
I'm not going to tell you
but hopefully I won't have to do
anything but I'm not going to tell you
