probably the the thing that's mattered
most for me was something I did by
accident which is bad some number of
months ago Tim Urban who writes the wait
but why blog he posted that he had taken
the typing test and I was like this is
so interesting I would never thought to
assess my typing speed maybe we did that
in middle school but had it forgot about
it
I took it and I found out that I type at
a rate that makes me highly qualified to
be an administrative assistant it's like
okay you know if university tenure goes
away that will be a good backup plan but
I've actually learned that that like
investing real time and practicing
typing more quickly has made me much
more productive as a writer assuming I
know what I want to say right if I can
write a thousand more words you know per
day than I would have before then I
generate a lot more of those ideas and
you know throw more of them away but
I'll also have more to keep and I think
until we get to the point where voice
recognition technology just makes typing
obsolete I actually think like spending
a couple hours a week for a few weeks
improving your typing speed is a great
way to be more productive
