and so the the best idea is just to keep
your mouth shut so if you're stopped as
a pedestrian there are a couple things
to know the first thing you want to know
is whether or not you are being detained
if the police tell you that you are free
to leave
then you should turn and walk away don't
run away just walk away calmly if the
police tell you that you are not free to
leave then you know that you're being
detained and at that point you want to
make sure that you don't say anything
else to the police I know it's tempting
at times to particularly if you believe
that you have done nothing wrong to want
to explain to the police why you
shouldn't be arrested
there's just nothing good that can come
out of it one because you could say
something that will hurt you in court
down the road that could either be
incriminating that could be inconsistent
with something that you say two weeks
later and so the the best idea is just
to keep your mouth shut and inform the
police that you do not intend to answer
any other questions until you've had a
chance to talk with your boy
