the number one thing that most people
get wrong about celery is the idea that
it is a negative calorie food in other
words that just by eating celery the act
itself of eating celery burns calories
that is incorrect and here's why
the average stalk of celery has 5 or 6
calories and the body burns about 10
percent of those calories to digest
celery in other words you're talking
about if a typical stalk has six
calories the body only burns one calorie
to digest celery so you still have a net
result of five calories don't get me
wrong
celery is very healthy it offers plenty
of water it is a very low calorie food
it offers fiber which most Americans
don't eat enough of however that does
not take away from the fact that it is
not a negative calorie food and
furthermore there is no such thing as a
negative calorie food
