everyone welcome to post lunch my name
is Ted I am also interestingly enough a
futurist at a movie studio at a big
movie studio 20th Century Fox and I was
thinking before when shuttle is up there
talking that I've never been in a
comment with two futures at the same
time and I was wondering if we cancel
each other out and then there's no
future for any of us this is what I was
thinking but let's hopefully not so I'm
going to talk to you about some
interesting things first I want to bring
this up both you would hear me and you'd
also hear show from Ford say that we are
probably not really real futurists were
more like futurists in training hi
everybody he's a real futurist if you
want to do a little research on him and
see what he's up to he's an interesting
guy they're fully get started with my
little talk we're gonna try a little
sort of futuristic spare iment so I'm
going to make a prediction that every
one of you here a hundred percent
saturation has some sort of micro very
powerful computer / robotic assistant in
your pocket or on your person you often
call it a smartphone do you have one of
those with you if you do take it out
hold it up i'm going to try a very quick
little experiment here we had a hundred
percent okay keep them hold them up high
swap them with your neighbor i'm gonna
give you mine you can be yours people
who ever got one up here swap but nobody
brought theirs with them okay so now you
swap with your neighbor put that new
phone in your pocket of your purse just
try it for a second I'm going to put
mine over here I've done this with
audiences of thousands of people and
small audiences the reaction is always
sort of the same there's a chuckle and
then there's a little bit of an
uncomfortable sort of moment now things
can yourself what's going on in your
brain in your mind right now I haven't
just taken your phone away I can't get
something more important than that away
from you for a little while right
everybody feels a little odd yes see how
long you can hold out this is your
challenge just remember to give them
back or they'll be a crisis at the end
of the day okay just see how long you
can hold out so here's what we're going
to talk about we're going to talk a
little about human nature and what I
think about all day long
you're already traded you guys can't
even handle it for five seconds right
now that's an interesting comment on
society what we're going to talk about
here so let's imagine that one of us are
some of us went to jail tonight for some
strange reason okay imagine that if you
didn't have your phone with you they
took it away when they incarcerated you
who would you be able to actually call
without your little robotic friend maybe
you could call your parents phone from
when you grew up maybe you know one
other phone number but beyond that your
robot has taken over right you have
given up control when was the last time
you drove anywhere without using
navigation including places you know
damn well how to get to but you're going
to check your waves your google maps to
see what the best route is what the most
direct route is right these are things
that actually set the stage for what I
think about as a futurist it's less
about technology and it's about how
connected to wit we are as humans and
how essentially we have given up control
which leads me to this quote which i
think is really interesting is it for
those who that was olds me he's a famous
movie cowboy and it was also very famous
innovator if you're curious about Will
Rogers do a little research on Will
Rogers and see what he thought up this
is one of his quotes even if you're on
the right track you will get run over if
you just sit there and if you think of
the most innovative most
forward-thinking companies on what they
think about and why they're constantly
trying to reinvent themselves they're
thinking about this all the time if
they're at the top of their game things
can change very quickly if they don't
keep altering and reworking and
rejiggering their game so here's the
only thing you have to read about my
presentation but this is interesting
information as we talk about our little
devices 4 out of 5 smartphone users
check their phones in the first 15
minutes of waking up this is all from
research back in 2013 I would say now in
2016 going into 2017 it's probably like
the first two minutes of waking up so
there she is you know they're getting a
little less happy and clearly unhappy
about that right eighty percent back in
2013 say it's the first thing they do in
the morning I would postulate by 2016
it's close to a hundred percent would
you agree because you do it right eighty
percent three years ago said they have
their smartphone
with them are on them all but two hours
of their waking day I would postulate
now that if we redid this study it would
be all of about eight minutes every day
when you're taking a shower that's it
and when you listen to Arianna
Huffington talk about the back of she's
selling and marketing a little
smartphone bed now for those either were
here a couple days ago this is a real
thing right you are connected to these
devices in a very very intimate way
which leads me to this picture this was
taken a couple weeks ago that's a
starbucks now look at how people are
interacting and reactive they're leaning
into these devices and they have
incorporated them into their daily
existence in a very robust way so here's
the question that I'm thinking about at
a movie studio is do we go here next are
we ready because of that experiment we
just didn't help connected you are to
these devices to move to the next step
in how we visualize things all of these
devices this screen here these screens
here that I'm looking at your little
tiny and moderately sized screens or all
what we call restricted space they all
have some sort of border on them if I
can take that border away and give you
an effectively infinite amount of space
to do your productivity to do your
entertainment to do your socialization
is that something you're interested in
is that something you're curious about
and how curious have you become because
you're living on a screen from the point
you wake up in the morning so typically
the point you go to bed at night and
almost everybody is so these are all the
most popular tethered solutions now on
the market is this step one in the
equation they're all connected to
computers or a Playstation which is
essentially a less powerful computer
that's graphics incentives they're
essentially gaming and gaming style
devices that have some other
capabilities and then there's mobile
these are the two most popular sort of
well marketed and well exposed as a
whole bunch of other ones out on the
market these are essentially cell phone
smartphone accessories that allow that
restricted space to become unrestricted
space and start to track with you so I
start to think about all these things
all day long as we live into the future
and what we think about from a future
standpoint
so now you're asking well okay really so
you saw the woman from Ford and now you
got a guy to a movie studio who claims
to be a futurist straight and some of
the background as to why I do this and
how come I do this now comes some
comfortable sort of with all this
nonsense and what you know what gives me
the right to do this nonsense right well
I grew up here more specifically here in
Central Florida which I often refer to
as the funnel of crazy okay so all the
crazy that happens in the US all sort of
funnels down to this little funnel down
at the bottom and that's where I grew up
when I moved there is a little kid six
years old this was the Florida the pre
backwoods of pre racist it was actually
kind of a scary place the next year when
I was seven my world completely changed
and I literally grew up in the world of
the future this was my reality and I
understood something about this at a
very early age that i still bring with
me today every day to work and every day
as I travel around the world giving
talks and explaining this stuff to
people is the concept of all I call
spatial entertainment there's often a
reference point about people talking
about there is a correlation to 3d and
VR there's only a very minor correlation
in my opinion because when you
understand theme park entertainment you
understand spatial entertainment where
you're actually moving around through
things and entertainment takes on a
ability to take you places and bring you
to things and allow you to interact and
immerse yourself a different way then
restricted displays flat space stuff
even with a 3d layer on it this is much
more robust than that and if you've
grown up in a theme park like me you
have a very innate understanding of what
that means that how that's powerful so
very often when I give these toxins we
do Q&A people ask me things and I say if
you think about what VR and ultimately
AR will be the best even though it's a
little funny to say it is imagine a day
we will be able to strap a theme park on
to your face and you'll be able to have
theme park level experiences with that
level of intensity and that level of
connectivity and that level of immersion
but you could take it anywhere so that's
what I think about all day long this is
something I put together for this
presentation because I was also thinking
about form factor and I was thinking
about how form factor is a continual
state of change and we've actually been
kind
load into a little bit of a stopping
point with form factor as I look around
this room we're all looking at shards of
glass summer between this size and this
size and that's kind of where we sat for
probably seven ish years ago from when
Stephen should ask the first iphone
right but you can see the form factor
and what changes and how we're changing
is another example of how the form
factor changes I often give the
reference the representation although I
got in trouble for it once without my
friends at Samsung because I'm
completely complimentary of all this VRA
our stuff but i also have a
recognization of where we are in the
industry and where we sit now and I say
that we are in the brick cell phone days
of virtual reality because we are on a
pathway where were actually believe it
or not there's more wrong with what
we're doing when it comes to the
technology and evolution of it then
right we're on a pathway to right and
I'm not the only one that says that all
the big companies that are doing this
have an awareness that we're on a
stepping stone journey just like this
stepping stone journey to where we are
today with the devices we use now so as
I wrap up this very short little
truncated talk the question is are we
going to go here next my theory is that
the box on face stuff that we're doing
now and you can go see one out there
there's a vide outside amazingly
powerful amazingly interesting but they
are not the future the box on the face
will only take us so far we're going to
keep evolving this and if we do our jobs
right and we as an audience and a group
of collective people trying to move the
ball forward keep saying not good enough
not good enough keep trying harder will
eventually get to some sort of eyewear
and we at Fox are working on very
closely with this company odg you've
probably heard about magic leap so I
spent a lot of time down there that's
more of the evolution of where things
are headed and even none of that is good
enough yet but we're heading toward
something that will start to look like
our glasses like our spectacles and
eventually I can't predict exactly the
time but it's let's give ourselves a
five to seven-year runway eventually you
won't need any of the physical I we're
at all and I can spend some time maybe
on the panel talking about where that
goes but that's what I wanted to sort of
give you a sense of and sort of what I
wanted to talk about before we dive into
the panel these are just my sort of
closing words be bold with what you're
doing
be brave take risks and be willing more
than anything to explore the edges the
good stuff never comes from the hardy
Center that's always that's already been
figured out it's the stuff out there
that you wonder these guys a little nuts
or are they going to actually do
something important those are when the
next captain of industry gets it form
and when things actually start to matter
so there you have it
