one thing to keep in mind is that the
clock itself is very regular in how it
runs there is no doubt that at different
times of the day our alertness at least
by various you know psychological tests
does change throughout the day we're
quite alert in in the sort of late
morning and it's thought that you know
when we wake up our body temperature is
fairly low and then our body temperature
sort of gradually increases throughout
the morning so we're sort of at a
fine-tuned
physiological state sort of just before
lunch more or less when we eat you know
we take food in our blood sugar goes up
and then insulin is released in our
blood sugar then begins to go down and
probably around you know 2:30 3 p.m. we
sort of come off the peak of that sugar
rush and that's often when we're when
we're tired and you know we feel like we
should have a nap in the evening what
we're thought to be even though we've
we've been up for a long time that's
thought to be sort of a creative time
and there's been some psychological
studies to show that and so the behavior
that we that we elicit is is a
combination of all these all these
rhythms that are happening with sort of
the clock being the core underlying one
