there's quite a lot of understanding of
what happens when somebody has a massive
stressful situation and they appear to
quote age overnight so what happens is
your body sets up a very strong reaction
with stress hormones and so on to the
situation because your body is trying to
you know respond in a way that would
help you to fight the situation but the
thing is that it's just too much of a
reaction and all those stress hormones
and changes that happen have effects on
among other things yourselves and how
your chromosome ends are maintained and
that means that your cells are not able
to replenish quickly and to keep young
looking to keep your hair from going
white and to keep your you know body
rejuvenating you do need to have cells
that rejuvenate themselves throughout
your life in your body and when that
process gets interrupted by really major
stresses and one of the ways that it
causes a problem is to not have the
telomeres maintained properly that can
set up really kind of premature onset of
other aging and you know and we see it
we experience it with people who've gone
through a terrible situation and you say
oh my goodness they look years older and
what is happening is truly inside their
cells inside their bodies there are real
changes happening they can be improved
on by doing things that we know help
bring telomere health back and that is
very important to know because by
measuring telomeres in large studies of
very many people you can get a good idea
of what are the kind of things that will
actually have effects
