I suspect anybody who gets the
unvarnished national security briefings
about everything that's going on around
the world has to be horrified at the
magnitude of the challenges that we face
and the seriousness of the situation the
country's in I think it has made him
more focused and more determined but I
don't think anybody could be unaffected
by having that information which
obviously is classified and not a nobody
beyond those who are entitled under the
government have but I think he's
actually fundamentally the same person I
think he's never going to change this is
the Trump we elected so he's not going
to give up his Twitter feed he's not
going to give up his cell phone he's not
going to stop punching back when he
feels he's been unfairly punched that's
his nature on the other hand as long as
he is making progress on the big issues
I don't think the voters will really
care
