you said you'd help us a brexit trade
deal you said you'd stand by us with
NATO but how can the British Prime
Minister believe you because you have
been known in the past to change your
position on things and also mayor's a
question to both of you people are
fascinated to know how you're going to
get on with each other you're so
different the hard-working torture for
vicar the brash TV extrovert have you
found anything in common personally yet
actual have not as fresh as you might
think and I can tell you that I think
we're going to get along very well you
know it's interesting because I am a
people person I think you are also
Teresa and I can often tell how I get
along with somebody very early and I
believe we're going to have a fantastic
relationship brexit and I really don't
change my position very much if you go
back and you look my position on trade
has been solid for many many years since
I was a very young person talking about
how we were getting ripped off by the
rest of the world and i never knew i'd
be in this position where we can
actually do something about it
