hi my name is dr. Mike Martin I'm a
former British Army officer and an
expert on conflicts and I've just
written a book called why we fight about
the evolutionary psychology of warfare
so the real question is how have we
evolved as individuals to fight for our
groups so when you dig into it and you
look at the data there's only two things
that are worth risking yourself in war
for as an individual the first thing is
an increase in social status and the
reason why that's worthless cuso4 is as
you rise up the status hierarchy
particularly as a man and men do most of
the fighting you get more mates more
sexual mates and when you have more
mates you have more children so that's a
reason to risk fighting in war but
there's another reason why people fight
in war and that's to ensure that they
have membership of an in-group then this
England probably a tribe or a
nation-state is the same mechanism it's
the thing that causes us as humans to
feel belonging it's the thing that makes
you feel homesick it's the thing that
sends shivers down your spine when
you're at a political rally or a
football match or you're singing a choir
in church these are all the mechanisms
in your brain causing you to seek to
belong in evolutionary terms we need to
belong to groups because they're safe
the main reason that the group's exists
the evolution returns is
they protect us from other humans who
are trying to kill us
so we fight status and we fight for
belonging so we've got these ideas that
these two things status and belonging
and human seeking those things are what
cause individuals to fight in wars and
actually this makes sense look around
the world we've got two global level
politicians and the idea of them seeking
status and having status disputes with
each other is very obvious in their
behavior leaders seek to dominate their
own groups and that's what they do you
know running for the presidency of the
United States is a massive status
contest is grueling and so these people
are driven to succeed and they're driven
to achieve high status and a mechanism
that guides this seeking of status is
basically testosterone and the way it
works is that the more testosterone you
get the more you seek status but it's a
feedback loop it's a positive feedback
loop and when you get to the top of your
group I you become the leader of your
country or perhaps you become the head
of your tribe it depends what scale
we're looking at you then seek to
dominate other leaders who are the
leaders of other groups and this is
where we see Wars at a product of status
disputes between leaders playing out
belonging comes into play when those who
aren't leaders seek to take part in wars
and we can see this played out and the
rise of identity politics at the moment
in particularly in the States but also
across Europe if why we fight is correct
and war is driven by status and
belonging we're entering a very
dangerous period of history
