is it your intention to always tell the
truth from that podium and will you
pledge never to knowingly say something
that is not factual it is it's an honor
to do this and yes I believe that we
have to be honest with the American
people I think sometimes we can disagree
with the facts there are certain things
that we may miss we may not fully
understand when we come out but our
intentions never to lie to you Jonathan
we're going to do our best every time we
can i'm going to come out here and tell
you the facts as I know and if we make a
mistake I'll do our best to correct it
you have any corrections you would like
to make her clarification to what you
care any other that will ask away
Jonathan I'm just Princeton I want to
get in to relitigate all issue would
like take one like the issue of metro
ridership you made a statement about yes
and at the time the information that was
provided by the inaugural committee came
from an outside agency that we reported
on and I think knowing what we know now
we can tell that well Matas numbers are
different but we were trying to provide
numbers that we had been provided that
wasn't like we made them up out of thin
air and you stand by your things that
was the most-watched inaugural IP
address for sure it was the most-watched
inaugural when you look at look you look
at just the one network alone got 16.9
million people online another couple of
the members who are tens of million
people that watch that online never mind
that the audience that was here 31
million people watched it on television
combine that with the tens of millions
of people that watched it online on a
device it's unquestionable I don't and I
don't see any numbers that dispute that
when you add up Intendant viewership of
total audience in terms of tablets
phones on television I'd love to see any
information that proves it proves that
otherwise and then what do you see that
well I don't want to get into numbers I
do okay I'm just saying if you're asking
me a question about my integrity I have
a right to say if you add up the network
streaming numbers Facebook YouTube all
of the various live streaming that we
have information on so far I don't think
there's any question who that it was the
largest watch inauguration ever more
than Ronald Reagan's in 1980
i'm pretty sure that Reagan didn't have
YouTube Facebook or the internet dave is
a 41 million people watch this 41
million watched is okay so let's just
take the Nielsen ratings which are 31
million and add it to CNN 16.9 million
that's a little higher
