the thing that that I'm most afraid of
is what happens when these people who
voted for Donald Trump realize he's not
gonna do anything for them that he's not
an antidote to what ails them because
they're his whole movements runs on
anger if it doesn't have anger it
doesn't go anywhere
I mean so he's gonna have to completely
he's gonna have to generate continue to
ghent find ways to generate anger which
is hard when you're actually the
president and usually the recipient of
the anger but these people are in the
habit of being angry and where that
anger is going to turn when they all of
a sudden realize that like he's running
a in administration to enrich rich
people and empower rich people and it
seems just tone-deaf to everybody else
that so that worries me the most so it's
the pull its where that political anger
goes and how it expresses itself after
that the idea that it's a that it's like
smart to allow Wall Street firms that
enjoy Deposit Insurance and this kind of
too-big-to-fail imprimatur to become
hedge funds again it's it's
unconscionable you're essentially saying
where it takes some elites in our
society let them roll the bones and in
the marketplace and if it works out they
get rich and if it doesn't work out
taxpayer comes in again that seems crazy
to me I mean absolutely crazy that seems
to be where they're headed
I mean maybe they're not maybe in the
end they won't be headed that way and
I'm wrong maybe they'll do sensible
things it's hard no doesn't seem to be a
plan it's a little hard to know because
they haven't taken he hasn't taken
office the early signs are it's bizarre
it's bizarre how just how different it
is from how he sounded when he was
campaigning
