first of all the economy is doing okay
if President Obama had a third term the
next couple of years would be better
than the last couple of years so there's
an inertia going forward second I do
think the deregulation piece or the
unwinding of some of the executive
orders while possibly being very
damaging in the long run you know in the
environment labor will boost the economy
in the short run I think that is the
single biggest driving force behind
business optimism not the stimulus this
is a supply-side effect it'll last for a
while second even though President Obama
wanted to do infrastructure but he
couldn't get it through the Republican
Congress when Donald Trump presents
similar things he'll get it done and
that's gonna give a stimulus not next
year not this year but in 2018 the tax
cut I think is a crazy idea
I think the Bush tax cuts were a big
mistake they created more inequality
they raised the budget deficit they made
the things more complicated
doing the income tax cut anyway I don't
really understand the corporate tax
change probably makes sense even if it
cost some money in the deficit because
our corporate tax isn't very sensible a
lot of economists say growth elude zero
or one percent because you know he's
just gonna start doing erratic things
right away and I tend to think that's a
little overblown as a short-run thing
you know if we're going eight years with
this something's gonna happen but I'm
where I'm being optimistic is that the
more destructive potential doesn't get
front-loaded keeping manufacturing jobs
in the US isn't nonsense it's a little
bit like saying we're gonna have
agricultural jobs again we used to have
half of people in agriculture
technological change it gradually
decreased you can you know stem the
bleeding a bit but even if we stopped
trade with Asia we're not going to do
that completely technology it's gonna
replace a lot of the workers anyway just
as it did in agriculture no and and the
trade policy is very dangerous very
dangerous the whole idea of setting the
world order the Trump administration
seems to believe we could win a trade
war with China we
I hope that its rhetoric and he strikes
a deal and the stuff about Mexico is
really ridiculous
I think inflation by 2018 will even
likely get to 3% even though I think the
Fed is Janet Yellen said recently it's
probably going to hike more than people
think but I think inflation is gonna go
up I think the risk premium is gonna go
off people are gonna start seeing that
and the I think growth will be good I
think growth will be more on the order
of hitting 3% as we got into 2018 of
course it could be lower but it also
could be higher all in all I do think
we'll have a good couple years after
that I don't know and I'm being very
optimistic about his not creating a
trade mess not tweeting out some crazy
policy that disrupts everything in the
meantime but yeah I think the baseline
is that growth will be pretty good for a
couple of years and then who knows
