one you start a business it doesn't fall
into your lap so you have to do the work
stop reading entre porn over and over
again it just makes you feel good do I
know these different business models but
I haven't done anything start something
okay number two you're going to have to
talk to people I can't emphasize this
enough there are so many entrepreneurs
who want to sit from the comfort of
their home and optimize their landing
pages and a B Taguchi tests all kinds of
stuff have you ever talked to a
potential customer if you can't find
them during research how are you gonna
find them during sales and the third
thing is think big I started my blog
twelve years ago I was a college kid I
was in my dorm room and I just I was
like hey I know about personal finance
let me write some stuff to my lazy
college friends I never imagined it
could be this big if I had started
knowing this it would have been
absolutely different play to win start
thinking about what would it mean if I
were able to generate a thousand dollars
a month
what about ten thousand dollars a month
do you want to generate a hundred
thousand dollars a month that's possible
just know that there are people out
there who want to hear what you have to
say and some of them actually want to
pay for it
