there's a lot of legitimate sources of
information that are very expensive that
most people can't access but if you're
sophisticate investor you can purchase
and get a leg up on other people that's
a form of we could say of quote inside
trading because you have information
that other people don't have but that's
entirely legal
a hedge fund can buy satellite data
showing how many cars are in a parking
lot of a retailer and they can analyze
how many cars are there and using this
data predict how many people are
shopping for example during the holiday
season I can't buy that data set that
cost hundreds of thousands of dollars if
you're in a big hedge fund you can spend
hundreds of thousands of dollars then
you can trade in those firm shares with
information that I don't have regulators
often say the insider trading is wrong
because you're trading on information
that other people don't have but this is
exactly what every single person that a
hedge fund tries to do is to acquire
better information and trade against
someone who doesn't have that
information that's the basis of why you
would trade in financial markets
