that's surprising that's it that seems
very skimpy this is a very sad chicken
sandwich I don't know how I feel about
this I never tried chick-fil-a because
there weren't any where I grew up in
Montana
in college I was vegetarian and
chick-fil-a sounds chicken the lines
where was really long I grew up in
Europe I don't think there is a single
chick-fil-a in Europe so I am expecting
this to be the best fast food meal that
I've ever had I feel like it has this
weird like cult following on Twitter and
stuff I want to be like blown away I
think it's just gonna be fine expecting
a delicious chicken sandwich that will
hopefully change my life because there
are so many people obsessed with
chick-fil-a
no really really good that's a good sign
this is a nice bag
oh my sandwich you kind of already fell
apart it's kind of deflated but it's
nice because it doesn't look like a
McDonald's patty where it's like
pulverized chicken patty very squishy
bread no I don't like that already it
smells like cafeteria food that I had in
like elementary school this is a very
sad chicken sandwich I don't know how I
feel about this
everybody's been raving about
chick-fil-a and I'm just sitting here
like what surprising there's like a
little bit of crunch but salty I don't
know what I'm thinking right now very
bland cuz I got much flavoring
like we're old taste I would say good
texture I did not like so much I like
the sauce the pickle is in the bun have
a very distinct like Big Mac flavor I
don't really like hamburgers but I've
had a Big Mac and it's not that great
this is way better than what I was
expecting I'm not only a fan of pickles
but I think that the amount in this
sandwich is pretty good I would probably
eat it again
now let's just look at these beautiful
fries these fries are way better than
other fast-food fries the fries aren't
bad they're pretty good they're perfect
they're like not too salty for me
they're very standard fries I'm a big
fan of like soggy McDonald's fries and
these are little crispier okay they're
little potato egg for me I don't think I
would try the fries again but the
sandwich definitely I was expecting to
like it more it's got all the fuss
people love chick-fil-a people are super
excited about it like the one that just
opened around the corner there's lines
still coming out the door I think but
why I'm not disappointed but I'm not
over the moon about it so I feel like I
feel like with fast food with something
that's so obviously detrimental to my
human body I need to like love it in
order to really indulge in it I don't
think I'm gonna finish this
