after my election there was talk of a
post-racial America and such a vision
however well intended was never
realistic race remains a potent and
often divisive force in our society now
I've lived long enough to know that race
relations are better than they were ten
or twenty or thirty years ago no matter
what some folks say you can see it not
just in statistics you see it in the
attitudes of young Americans across the
political spectrum but we're not where
we need to be and all of us have more
work to do if every economic issue is
framed as a struggle between a
hard-working white middle class and an
undeserving minority then workers of all
shades are going to be left fighting for
scraps while the wealthy withdraw
further into their private Enclave
if we're unwilling to invest in the
children of immigrants just because they
don't look like us we will diminish the
prospects of our own children because
those brown kids will represent a larger
and larger share of America's workforce
and we have shown that our economy
doesn't have to be a zero-sum game last
year incomes rose for all races all age
groups for men and for women
so if we're going to be serious about
race going forward we need to uphold
laws against discrimination in hiring
and in housing and in education and in
the criminal justice system that is what
our Constitution and our highest ideals
require regardless of the station that
we occupy we all have to try harder we
all have to start with the premise that
each of our fellow citizens loves this
country just as much as we do that they
value hard work and family just like we
do that their children are just as
curious and hopeful and worthy of love
as our own
