I'm probably the only sleep doctor in
the universe that says it's okay to fall
asleep with the television on I find
that a lot of people they're not really
watching TV they're just listening to
the TV and it's distracting enough for
them to not be thinking about the things
that are causing them some level of
anxiety and then they drift off to sleep
whatever you're thinking about just
before you fall asleep can have an
effect on your ability to fall asleep
and believe it or not even your dreams
you really need to stop worrying before
bed now this can be very difficult the
best thing to do that I've found from my
patients is what I call a gratitude
journal so opening up a journal and just
putting down all of the things that
you're thinking about just before bed
that you're grateful for so whether it's
your health whether its family members
whether it's career finances whatever it
happens to be making that list of things
that you're grateful for actually puts a
very positive spin on your ability to
fall asleep what I also have people do
is what's called a worry Journal and so
about an hour and a half to two hours
before bed I ask people to open up a
journal and put it draw a line down the
page on one side you put all the
different things that you're concerned
about and on the other side what you do
is you put a solution now the solution
might be I'm gonna think about this
tomorrow or I'm gonna make a phone call
or an email you don't have to solve the
world's problems in your worry journal
but having a plan about something that's
bothering you actually lowers that level
of anxiety try not to do it right before
bed because sometimes that anxiety can
carry over there are a couple of tricks
and techniques that I use other than the
two journals that can actually be very
helpful one of them is what I call my
counting backwards routine and so this
is the new way to count sheep and you're
actually counting backwards from 300 by
threes so this is not an easy thing to
do you guys can try it while you're
watching but the truth of the matter is
is that it's mathematically so
complicated you can't think of anything
else and it's so doggone boring you're
out like a light
you
