sunlight is known to stimulate the
outbreak of a cold sore having your
body's immune system suppressed so
getting a cold or having a virus is
something that will bring out the cold
sore if you do have a cold sore you want
to be very careful when you're washing
yourself not to use a towel on the area
that has a cold sore and then spreading
it elsewhere or rubbing the cold sore
and spreading it to your eyes so if you
do touch a cold sore while you have an
outbreak it's a good idea to wash your
hands afterwards the other misconception
is that cold sores are very commonly
seen on the mouth any place on your skin
can have a cold sore so I see them
sometimes on people's cheeks or
sometimes on their nose and sometimes
cold sores might even look like a pimple
so if you see something don't pick it so
if you're somebody who gets cold sores
and you know that you get cold sores
there might be a tingling or an itching
sensation there is something you can do
there's a several antiviral medications
now which can be taken within the first
few days of having a cold sore which
will either reduce the likelihood of the
culture coming out if you take it right
when you feel the initiation of symptoms
or will decrease the length of time
where the cold sore will be there
