and as I end my time in the White House
I can think of no better message to send
to our young people and my last official
remarks this first lady so for all the
young people in this room and those who
are watching know that this country
belongs to you
our diversities of faiths and colors and
creeds that is not a threat to who we
are it makes us who we are do not ever
let anyone make you feel like you don't
matter or like you don't have a place in
our American story because you do and
you have a right to be exactly who you
are
shoot it's the hope of my folks like my
dad got up every day do his job at the
city water plant the hope that one day
his kids would go to college and have
opportunities he never dreamed of that's
the kind of hope that every single one
of us politicians parents preachers all
of us need to be providing for our young
people because that is what moves this
country forward every single day
our hope for the future and the hard
work that hope inspires
