the fourth horseman okay I know we had a
panel earlier than we went through
Facebook Apple and Google and somebody
quickly tweeted what happened is on well
here's on what's next for Amazon what I
call the fourth pillar I'll make the
reference clear pretty soon you should
know this for all of us here this was
the biggest investment myths of our
lives if you had bought Amazon at the
IPO you would be up 50 1000% if you'd
bought Amazon when Henry Blodgett told
you to in December of 98 on a split
adjusted price of 67 bucks you'd have
had a 10 bagger on your hands I can't
give you that but I'm gonna make a pitch
later as to why this could be a trillion
market cap name and so therefore could
be a 3 bagger from here what's next for
Amazon well first what are they what are
they doing right now if you're gonna
read one thing in technology this year
read the Amazon Jeff Bezos shareholder
letter four or five pages I think he
wrote it himself
and he talks about his strategy his
thoughts how he comes through decisions
etc and in there he said AWS Amazon Web
Services marketplace in primary are all
examples of bold bets at Amazon that
worked and we're fortunate to have those
three pillars and I can assure you we
also remain hard at work on finding the
forth so let's go through these three
pillars and just see how sustainable
they are I think they're extremely
sustainable this is the growth of the
company as a whole it is so rare that
you see companies of this scale 60
billion in revenue generating 20% plus
growth for 23 of the last 24 quarters
that's not a typo that's what they've
been able to do and in fact you started
to see a recent reacceleration in the
revenue growth rate if you peel it back
there's two parts of Amazon that
everybody knows there's the retail side
of the business why is the growth
sustainable there's a rule of 10% and
which what I'm saying is that about 10%
of all retail sales are online here we
are 20 years into the commercialization
of the internet and only 10% of retail
sales are online this is kind of
reversing most of the charts that you
see I guess in 2016 this year ok 89
percent so it's 11 percent of retail
sales are online now but there are 89
percent that are offline that's a 21
trillion market opportunity still to
come
and you're seeing that the online
penetration rates are actually
accelerating it's a little bit hard to
read this slide but what it shows is
that the percentage of offline retail
sales that are migrating online has
actually been accelerating for a couple
of reasons
who think mobile adoption is one of them
consumer shifts take a long time but
they can really build and accelerate
after a while that's what we're living
through now
things like faster shipping times are
also part of this in e-commerce as you
know there's Amazon and there's pretty
much nobody else we did our own survey
work on this and just in the US market
you see this dominant position when you
ask consumers where they shop online you
know this one of the reasons is Prime we
think there that there are now a hundred
million Amazon Prime customers worldwide
maybe around 60 million in the US
because we think in the u.s. we Amazon
has doubled its penetration its prime
penetration in other words of all the
Amazon customers three years ago only
about a quarter were prime subs now it's
almost 50 percent is probably a little
over that now and what happens when
people become prime subs is that they
spend more they spend more they spend
more frequently with Amazon their
satisfaction levels increase and then
their attention to spend increases and
there's more the every year that Amazon
customers people are in Prime they
become more loyal and they spend more
they build up this loyalty engine and
what this data says is that for each
year that they are a Prime customer
Prime cohort year one two three and four
more spend more intention to spend more
frequency more loyalty then they layer
in this thing called expedited shipping
and we did this study we've done this
for years in the row and we asked people
show of hands in the survey
you know who's extremely interested in
very interested in the next day shipping
didn't put a price tag next to it four
years ago 43% of respondents in the u.s.
said they were interested interested in
it now it's 61% you know why why is all
of a sudden there's this not all of a
sudden over four years is interest grown
in next day and same-day shipping
because this company out there called
Amazon has given it to you and after a
while you notice it you notice when you
get packages three days after you order
it you're not gonna use that Fender
anymore you're gonna go with the vendor
that you know the retailer that you know
that gets those packages to you next day
same day in an eventually next hour same
hour in some cases that's already
happening now that's all the retail side
of the business the
outside of the business don't forget
cloud adoption is still very early we
did a survey here about only 39% or you
know 40% of businesses that we surveyed
are even using cloud computing services
are even trying to store their databases
up up in the cloud and if those that are
using it majority 60% or 59% had only
been using cloud services for less than
three years so cloud adoption is
extremely early if there's a 10% rule
for retail it's probably five percent
five to ten percent for cloud in other
words only about five to ten percent of
all workloads that could be in the cloud
or in the cloud and if you look at who
rules the clouds you'll see when we did
survey work of IT managers the one name
that kept increasing market share
response levels in the group was Amazon
Web Services well ahead of things like
Google cloud and Microsoft deserve
Amazon Web Services AWS also translates
into Amazon Web success is a twelve
billion revenue run rate business that's
got twenty five percent margins that
means it's generating a lot of cash with
which to fund a lot of new growth
experiments and we're gonna go through
those experiments so what's the math
behind a trillion dollar market
opportunity this is just fun with
numbers I know there's some financial
types in the room who will who could
poke holes in this but I'll just lay it
out for you if you take that retail
business and you continue to grow it for
five years of 20% year-over-year and you
take that cloud business and you
continue to grow it at five years at
forty percent and then you put ten
percent margins on the retail business
forty percent margins on AWS voila
eighty-two bucks and earnings you put a
twenty five p/e multiple on that modest
premium to the market and you get a two
thousand dollar stock price which would
equate to trillion-dollar market cap
that's the math going forwards now
searching for words that's just the core
business by the way that's if everything
goes really well and they keep executing
extremely well that's what the core
business could generate but let's talk
about some of the newer areas that
they're going into we did a report
recently on the ten most interesting
most important trends in the internet
space today seven of these ranked
extremely well for Amazon okay cloud
computing computing is in there the term
I like video vacation which Henry I
think we referred to as social videos in
there artificial
machine learning is in there and I think
this is right now the commercial winner
in that space Amazon is so Amazon
screens really well against these trends
but what's next for Amazon again this is
from the shareholder letter I highly
recommended reading in the tech space
we're base those talks about where the
company talks about the difference
between sports and business and the
ability the difference between truncated
returns only getting four runs if you
hit a home run and business returns we
can get a thousand to one returns if you
get the right if you get investment
lucky on the investment big winners pay
for so many experiments so what what
could be those experiments we did a
report about a month ago two months ago
and we're updating a little bit here
where we talked about our ideas for
Amazon's fourth pillar so hey ws prime
marketplace with our three pillars
what's the fourth pillar for Amazon what
are they investing in we're not going to
really know which one of these it is for
five to ten years here's seven ideas
payments business supplies groceries
online advertising entertainment
shipping logistics and a IVR not
artificial intelligence virtual reality
but voice recognition and we looked at
all of them in terms of their Tam total
adjustable market how inefficiently
serve the market is if it's an
efficiently served market it's probably
not one that Amazon is gonna spend a lot
of time in or it's probably not they're
not gonna be successful at it and we
also screen these categories by whether
Amazon at a core competency in those
areas let me go through each of these
quickly payments earlier today Gene
Munster talked about Apple and Apple pay
being able to disrupt PayPal here's some
data that came from channel advisor most
popular payment method used by customers
after credit card of course PayPal's
first but Apple pays way down this list
look where Amazon payments is I think
Amazon's ability disrupt payments is
vastly underappreciated the one
challenge here in the West whether this
really becomes a fourth pillar for
Amazon its R is that it's already a
reasonably efficiently served market but
anyway I think the presence here of
Amazon and this pillar is
underappreciated second potential fourth
pillars Amazon business supplies so
they've they've had they've renamed this
a couple of times there are now three
hundred thousand businesses that are
customers of Amazon are these household
names no they're not supposed to be
their business hold names and it's
already generating
to three billion in revenue a year for
Amazon so business supplies something
that solves a lot of ground logistics
seems like a natural fourth pillar for
Amazon third potential fourth pillar
Amazon groceries 700 billion dollar
market for three percent is penetrated
online let's think about this huge Tam
we all instinctively know how
inefficiently served the grocery market
is and then this is something that to
get right we require logistics expertise
you put all those three together it's
unnatural for Amazon I don't know
whether the Amazon ghost store works or
not
amazon has the cash flow the scale and a
size to do lots of experiments to figure
out what's gonna work well then they'll
accelerate that one so I think this is a
clear fourth pillar online advertising
is a fourth pillar I think we think we
estimate that Amazon generates about a
billion a year in ad revenue from some
basic you know sponsored ads that are on
the site we know it's a huge Tam the
issue for Amazon us whether this is a
pillow I don't think it is is that
there's already some really well-run
large companies Facebook and Google that
are very good at serving the needs of
marketers and consumers so and there's
also potential conflicts for Amazon as a
as a commerce company ok the next
potential pillar Bezos mentioned this at
an industry conference in the middle of
this year and he said entertainment
actually could be a fourth pillar I like
some other people were scratching was
scratching my heads on this especially
my head on this but when we ran surveys
we found on the left side is that video
access to unlimited interests in
streaming video was actually a key
reason why people signed up for Amazon
Prime so they could actually use video
as a customer acquisition and a customer
retention tool and a customer activation
tool on the right the quote from Jeff
was that when we win a Golden Globe it
helps us sell more shoes man that's a
very hard thing to prove externally but
I assume they've got the data internally
to back that up and there's a real ôs
moment in here there's a real oh
moment in here I was talking with Dave
Morgan about this earlier and he gave me
the idea which is that wait a second if
Amazon can use video this could be
massively disruptive and negative for a
lot of traditional media companies and
advertisers and the
is that if we're moving away from prime
time towards prime this Amazon Prime and
people are watching video and
entertaining themselves this way the ad
opportunities are moving away from prime
time and marketers now have to go not
know not only the product companies but
now the marketers have to go to one
platform that's Amazon next pillar
potential is what I call shipping and
logistics Amazon within three years is
gonna be shipping just as much package
volume as FedEx in the US and seven
years just as much package volume as UPS
they've denied that they want to get
into the shipping and logistics business
in terms of selling it but I think it's
almost inevitable I think you'll have
something called Amazon shipping
services there's Amazon Web Services
with the great acronym I'm not sure the
acronym works as well with Amazon
shipping services and then you can think
about how this could be moved into
different types of services so you could
have really you know sophisticated
really smart
high-end smart a SS services and then
you can have the kind of the
introductory you know dumbed down
version the dumb a SS services I really
enjoy putting that thought together
anyway I think this is that this is a
no-brainer I'm absolutely convinced
Amazon's going to be in five years ten
years is going to be a major vendor of
shipping services and logistic services
and the final one is AI ml official
intelligence machine learning voice
recognition this we did a survey 26% of
people who own these devices use them to
purchase more products from Amazon this
is Amazon's for a it's the Trojan horse
not so much into the the living room but
into the kitchen into the pantry this is
this is a huge win for them I think this
is the biggest selling product this
holiday season I think you'd probably
agree with me so I'll just wrap it up
here what's the what's the future like
for Amazon well there's a couple of
different paths here business supplies
groceries shipping logistics AI and VR
summing it all up
they've been winning in retail they are
practically created cloud computing and
they're winning there I think those two
by themselves may be able to support a
trillion dollar market cap which would
be a triple from here I can't give you
Blodgett like returns but triples pretty
good they may not have only one
with pillar but they may have several
and watch these particular areas
business supplies groceries shipping and
logistics and video and Alexa that's it
Henry
