wash your face twice a day you wash your
face when you get up in the morning wash
your face before you go to bed at night
as to which products one uses I think
that face washes are very personal some
people like things that foam up a lot
and they feel cleaner that way
moisturizer is a great great addition
oil-free products for more greasy skin
and more oily and moisturizing products
as the skin is drier the drugstore
brands are excellent you don't have to
spend a fortune on products some people
like to go to the expensive department
stores and pick out great products but
it isn't necessary to keep your skin
healthy to do that so luxury products
might make you feel like you're taking
especially great care of your skin but
if it's not something that's within your
budget it's certainly not necessary to
keep your skin healthy
