Eurasia group just released its
predictions for the biggest global risks
in 2017 here's what to watch for on the
geopolitical and economic landscape this
year the white house vs. Silicon Valley
president-elect Donald Trump wants
security control and more jobs while
Silicon Valley leaders are calling for
more freedom consumer privacy and
workplace automation so expect a fight
between the new administration and some
of the biggest companies in the world
central bank's get political Britain's
Prime Minister blames the Bank of
England for increased income inequality
Germany's Minister of Finance claims low
interest rates reduced the need for
European states to reform and Trump may
just use the Fed as a political
scapegoat which could impact future fed
decisions technology in the Middle East
technological change is weakening the
Middle East looking into the future
workplace automation could make it
harder for younger people to find jobs
no reform don't expect a surge in
economic reforms around the world in
Russia France and Germany reforms won't
come until after crucial elections a
weak Iran hella Merkel the German
Chancellor will more than likely win
reelection next year but she'll emerge
as a weakened figure this will leave
Europe with no strong leadership in
complicated times
China over iax China's planned
leadership transition could lead to
economic policy mistakes an additional
provocation from Trump could also lead
to tensions that play out in places like
North Korea Taiwan Hong Kong and the
South China Sea and the number one
global risk according to Eurasia Group
an independent America becomes a wild
card Trump will likely advance US
interests a little concern for the
broader impact and with a much less
predictable foreign policy us-led
institutions like NATO could lose more
of their global clout
