the whole which we already think I'm not
really that excited I guess I mean
assuming that it will probably be like
really expensive you know I'm not gonna
get any way and you know just really the
seeing stuff you see on the screen just
all around you I wouldn't want people
watching me like walk around it's I mean
I've never tried it before but like it
seems like it'd be really cool but also
I don't know it's there something like
weird about it like to advanced
technology to enhance ok ha Jan there's
just like like regular screen so you
could just watch the fun and like
there's like movie theaters were like
the whole movie theater is filled with
like the screen and like what's on it
virtual reality it's just like I'm like
a lot more expensive way I'm doing what
you doing at the movie theater alright
but she said I just think that sometimes
it could be something companies can be a
little too innovative like it could be a
little slow down and like things could
try to get too far before it actually
like people actually get accustomed to
it yeah
