we spoke a different language on the
plane and now we're getting kicked out
that's insane now we're getting kicked
out we're getting kicked out because we
spoke a different language is it this is
2000 16 2016 look delta airlines are
kicking us out because we spoke a
different language cuz we spoke a
different language thank you so much you
guys a racist right I cannot believe my
eyes I cannot believe it good and this
6y people gets us bearded man 6y feel
against us bearded man how did you kick
them I feel uncomfortable know you've
been getting a kick ass on once you go
outside that's what gonna happen
they're gonna kick us out delta air
lines and i have an account with you
guys too I spoke a different language
and they're kicking us out thank you so
much thank you i appreciate Stoke cream
thank you some kicks out thank you so
much where white people complaining
about these people speaking it to break
your fish yeah well I am upset that
that's happening really so much
