the Burger King doesn't have chicken
nuggets does it they're trying to be
something or not it definitely tastes
like it has you know some seasonings and
there may be a hint of Old Bay the
breading is what really makes this one
stand out this is a place that does
chicken mainly would be my guess this
doesn't really taste particularly like
chicken but it tastes like a chicken
nugget if that makes sense
soggy Spice 'less sad laying down
chicken nugget I'm gonna guess
chick-fil-a chick-fil-a chick-fil-a this
is chick-fil-a oh no this is not
McDonald's what is this damn these are
like popcorn II chickeny and there's no
breading to them Oh hmm nope you can
definitely taste the chicken on this one
okay these taste like real chicken like
I would eat these I'd disco sound crazy
it's too chicken II it was whole it
wasn't sent through the processor it
wasn't liquefied into kind of a paste
and then breaded and fried like your
typical fast-food chicken nugget head
gross I know these anywhere this is a
bad chicken nugget and I know where it's
from yeah what up McDonald's mmm feels
like me okay so this bears no
resemblance to chicken but it's still
delicious I don't know how they're doing
that oh my god these are so gross
there's what a chicken nugget tastes
like oh my god there's no smell to them
that's so concerning there's no smell
look these do not smell good
this is a fried container shouldn't have
chicken nuggets in this yeah the chicken
of this one is like the bit work hasty
it has the consistency of like a potato
the breading on this one is really good
it almost tastes like a french fry two
breaded the best of you here thank you
what dude nothing matches the McNuggets
with the McDonald's barbecue sauce yeah
Mickey D's yeah McDonald's my favorite
one was definitely the McDonald's
chicken nuggets burger king has a better
nugget demikhov it was chick-fil-a uh
well that's what they specialize in the
chicken nuggets from Wendy's were my
favorite so my official ranking is
Wendy's and then
