if you want to guarantee yourself
financial insecurity rent for the rest
of your life so the automatic
millionaire is a book that I wrote it's
a little book that tells a story of an
ordinary couple Jumman sue McIntyre they
bought a home not a dream home about an
average home their family grew up in it
and their kids grew up in it they paid
their mortgage down early so instead of
having a thirty-year mortgage they made
extra payments like one a year they paid
that mortgage off in about 18 years then
instead of moving into a bigger home
like many Americans doing taking on a
new mortgage they actually rented that
house bought another home down the
street moved into that same home and
then pay that home off and by 55 they
had a home with rental income and they
had their home debt-free when you look
at wealth in America today here's what
we know for a fact still today right now
home prices today are at an all-time
high
homeowners in this country are worth
thirty eight times what a renter is now
people will come on these shows and
they'll say oh but you could take the
money and you could invest it and you
would get a better rate of return that's
ridiculous you have to live somewhere
for the rest of your life you're either
paying a landlord who's gonna be build
wealth or you're paying yourself so
ultimate financial security comes from
buying the home you live in paying it
down and getting a debt free the pundits
that say that homeownership doesn't work
they're just wrong it makes for great
media hooks it makes for people able to
sell books cuz it's counterintuitive but
they're wrong you just need to know that
there's timeless principles to building
wealth that are boring but they still
work
