I'm painting with fire just creating
slightly fire you can I am I mean I'm
creating art here people are saying it's
a superior product to the oculus rift so
I want to test it out I'm really not
that experience at all with virtual
reality the most experience I have with
virtual reality is like one time I tried
to rent the lawnmower man without my
parents knowing and they found out so I
can still have yet to see the lawnmower
man or the sequel so I'm gonna go ahead
and put it on yes and enter the matrix
oh yeah my doing you're right yeah
you're good okay
he's the new beats by dre
okay I'm fully immersed last control
this is your pallet and this is your
brush right now we're in tilt brush by
cool this is basically the sort of
Microsoft Paint of virtual reality whoa
that is so cool
that is awesome when I make sure I don't
like to actually injure myself we just
did paint I'm ready to shoot some stuff
okay enough or enough like creativity
this is a game space pirates we're
trying now I'm gonna get my shield ready
this is really fun
that is really fun I could play that for
a long time I know this is just like the
like Atari analog you know beta version
of what this is gonna be one day you can
only imagine that as the years go on
that it's just going to get more and
more immersive more and more realistic
it's just not tripping on something as
the part that I found kind of
challenging
