interest rates wax and wane but right
now they're at very low ab they're at
zero when the Fed raises rates on
normally what's considered in
traditional macro thinking is that
interest sensitive sectors are affected
they're going to probably grow less
rapidly than they previously would have
some people might remember times in the
u.s. in the past when interest rates
were much much higher you have to have
some concept in your mind of the normal
level of interest rates and right now
we're way below anybody's concept of the
normal level of interest rates because
we're very close to zero on the policy
rate I think that was appropriate during
the depths of the financial crisis that
we went to an emergency setting but now
the economy is mostly recovered in terms
of labor market the unemployment rate
for now for instance right now is 5.1
percent
so now it's probably time to gradually
inch those interest rates back up and
this should help savers in the economy
it should help investment in the economy
we should be able to attract more
capital and get more growth in the
economy through through more of a
balance between savers and borrowers up
to up until this time we've always been
favoring borrowers but with with a
higher interest rate we'd be shifting
more tortue balance between savers and
borrowers
