I like Alex but his imitation of me is
really mean-spirited and not very good I
don't think it's good Anderson I love
kids okay I love them so much I marry
them Siri how do I kill Isis it's a
Blackberry
no that's too many things just smush
them together
smush can we agree president-elect Trump
that at this stage it would be better
for you to simply stop watching SNL as
opposed to watching it and then
complaining about it
well I hosted SNL what it was a good
show but it's not a good show anymore
the first of all nothing to do with me
there's nothing funny about it this gets
in terrible so why do you clean like
Alec but his imitation of me is really
being spirited and not very good I don't
think it's good and I do like it but I
like her miss an actor but I don't think
that his imitation of me gets me at all
and it's meant to be very mean-spirited
which is very biased and I don't like it
but so can't we can't bring yourself to
stop watching it no look frankly the way
the show is going now and you look at
the kind of work they're doing who knows
how long that show's gonna be on it's a
terrible show
