here's what I think Trump can do and
Donald if you're listening mr. Trump
president Trump here's what I would say
that I think you can do to build the
greatest legacy for yourself your family
in this country and if anybody could do
it it's you what is missing in this
country to make America great again so
that we can all make our own lives great
again
his financial education in the school
system if we're gonna fix anything in
this country we need to make financial
education in the school systems
financial literacy mandatory if you look
at what Donald Trump has done that is
unique and powerful he's raised
incredible kids and he's raised kids
he's taught them lessons of financial
education that's what happened to me I
had a father who taught me about money
starting at a very young age his you
know nine years old taking his
investment classes for parents that
don't teach their kids about money it's
not taught in school and that creates a
generation of people in this country
that are disadvantaged so I hope that
one thing the Trump will do maybe you'll
hear me now other people can convey this
message to you is that if anyone could
be the champion for financial education
in the school system and make this
happen it's you right now in your
position that's a legacy that would
change this country forever
