if you're a planner and a trendsetter
and you're already thinking about men's
fashion for 2017 here are two things
that are gonna be massive trends number
one is something that you might already
own the bomber jacket it is not going
anywhere for 2017 I think men just like
having the option of a different kind of
jacket besides just a jean jacket or a
blazer it really adds a whole nother
element to your wardrobe that allows you
to do casual and cool still in a very
dressed up kind of sophisticated way
so bomber jackets for 2017 but they're
gonna come in a different form and a
different fabrication you're gonna be a
little bit dressier a little bit sleeker
but still really fun and I promise every
guy will want to incorporate it into
their wardrobe second trend is you're
gonna see a lot of softer colors for men
when I think of men's fashion I think of
darker tones but for spring 2017 colors
are lightening up so you're gonna see a
lot of stone Gray's a lot of beige
you're even seeing millennial pink for
guys and millennial pink is a really
soft almost rose tone of pink so don't
be afraid to lighten up for the spring
