suddenly I saw what looked like chunks
of flame falling all around the top of
the the dome and for a second I thought
you know I'm
I'm beginning to loosen 8i retardness
and then I realized Christ were on fire
I think being an entrepreneur and being
an adventurer that there are quite a lot
of similarities if you're an
entrepreneur you've got to protect
against the downside ie the downside of
going bankrupt if you're an adventurer
you've got to protect against the
downside and that is the downside of
losing your life and when you embark
upon a big adventure you know like I've
done on a number of occasions trying to
break you know World Records you have to
accept that there is a possibility that
you know the worst eventualities could
happen and you have to do everything you
can to avoid that happening and you have
to train in a train for it you have to
you know prepare yourself for it you
have to have a little bit of luck as
well you know we started a an airline
with one second hand 747 called Virgin
Atlantic and we had to think of ways of
putting get you know getting people to
know about virgin and you know so we
embarked on some tremendous adventures
nobody across the Atlantic and a hot air
balloon before five people had tried I
think I people have died we felt we
could build a balloon that can fly in
the jet stream where the winds were
really strong and that we'd have a
chance of crossing it and and in the
process put virgin on the map so
initially it was it came about to help
promote you mind my business it soon
became akin all consuming adventure
personal adventure
but a lot of I think my entrepreneurial
strengths came into play and in real
crisis situation and being able to be
completely focused and having to deal
with the situation and having to fight
to survive and fight to you know get to
work away of overcoming you know what
looked like and looked like an almost
impossible to overcome
