the only CEO ever called me at 2:00 or
3:00 in the morning to argue about his
advertising it's fantastic I won't say
that Steve Jobs is the only CEO I made
commercials for that I would talk to on
a regular basis but he was one of the
very very few he was completely involved
and in marketing Apple products to think
of him as a hands-off CEO not so much
on a professional level we do we use
Final Cut Pro for all of our skate
videos my name is Tony Hawk I'm a
professional skateboarder he really
wanted to argue with me but I think my
chances of winning were close to nil but
he would have argued for ever or for a
long long long long time taking what
someone says to you in front of the
camera turning it into a 30-second
commercial I don't like to mess with the
raw material for whatever reason I think
there's a flow and how people talked and
a kind of often hidden logic to what
they're saying that you want to find a
way to preserve Steve Jobs would look at
the material and he would have a set of
bullet points things he wanted to
emphasize and why should me he's a CEO
of a major corporation me little errol
had a different idea I thought they
should be added in with little blocks
that kind of preserve the character of
the person talking that it captured
something about that person and in doing
so that was a more effective means of
advertising than just simply laying out
bullet points he tells me the story of
the old guy who lived down the road you
know everybody should have a an old guy
who lived down the road story hyphenated
and he had a rock tumbler in his garage
as explained to me by Steve Jobs you put
all these rough rocks and the rock
tumbler and he turned it on and you let
them grind against each other for say a
week or so and they became smooth and
polished so he was comparing the two of
us to this rock tumbler I loved working
for him when I'm being interviewed and
the person comes out with a list of
questions that there
I asked and they ticked them off one by
one by one
I know it's going to be a lousy
interview he seems stunned
