so what we try to do is encourage people
to have you know if at all possible at
least two to three watches if you're
going to want to follow these rules at
all if not that's solely fine but for us
we like to say for the weekends the
t-shirts you know we love to see a Rolex
explorer Rolex Submariner and Omega
Speedmaster you know anything from Tag
Heuer a Royal Oak Offshore something
like that is really a fine watch for the
weekend as you kind of go from Saturday
Sunday into Monday Tuesday in your work
week and you're assuming you're wearing
a jacket tie you know something like
that we'd like to see thinner watches
jaeger-lecoultre verso a long and some
anything really any Patek Phillipe you
know these watches are really designed
with kind of style and elegance in mind
whereas the Submariner is you know by
definition a tool watch it's meant to be
worn while you're performing something
that that would require real strength
there are a few watches that can kind of
go either way I would say a Royal Oak
from AP an on list from from Patek some
Rolex is like a day date or a date just
that thing can go either way you know if
you're going to have one watch I think
that style of watch is probably the best
way to do it I do think that there's a
certain kind of fun in having multiple
watches for four different occasions you
know so for a lot of guys that we know
the date just the date a like I'm
wearing here are great watches to just
kind of knock around and do whatever you
want in and that's great but it is kind
of fun having a really elegant
ultra-thin watch and maybe a crocodile
strap from any one of the strap makers
their meds makes great straps you know
so it depends on how seriously you you
want to take it but I do think that
there's a certain charm and having
certain watches for for certain
occasions
