the most important cause of acne is your
genetics if you've had acne or your
parents have had acne and your
grandparents of acne or sibling has acne
that makes you more prone to acne
another way that you can get acne is by
putting things on your skin which plug
up clog up the pores and that is called
pomade acne so let's say you're using a
greasy hair conditioner or a hair gel
that you put in your hair that gel can
get on to your forehead and there you
can get acne on your forehead also some
people use very thick moisturizers which
can clog up the pores so those types of
products really the ones that feel
greasy
what could having acne when you haven't
had it in the past be signaling
potentially well different things for
example it could mean that all of a
sudden you're becoming pre-diabetic and
so your sugar levels are high and that
needs to be managed it might mean that
you're just under a tremendous amount of
stress I think the most important thing
that we get across to keep healthy skin
to eat well
to exercise and to keep your stress
levels as low as possible into sleep and
then wash your face twice a day and then
I think the most important product one
can put on your skin is actually
sunscreen
