there are a lot of people in the
Republican Party believe we don't have
anything to lose things are so bad let
me tell you we do have a lot to lose as
Americans if we embrace the isolationism
of Donald Trump the cynicism of Donald
Trump that it's better to have the
dictator than it is to side with people
seeking their freedom then we'll lose
our way and the world will fall apart
the one thing I can say about America
we're not the world's policeman but
we're the glue that holds the free world
together and so we do have a lot to lose
as Republicans when we believe we
shouldn't trade with the international
world globalization is real we need to
dampen the effects on the workforce not
lose people's jobs because some bad
trade agreements but to suggest that
free trade is a bad thing for the
American worker we've got a lot to lose
if we go down that road will have a lot
to lose if we become fortress America
where the problems over there are there
problems not ours all I can tell you is
on sep tember the 10th 2001 we didn't
have when soldier in Afghanistan not one
dime of aid we didn't even have an
embassy or an ambassador in Afghanistan
and we got attacked anyway because the
war were fighting is that its heart and
soul a religious war where people in the
radical side of the ledger feel
compelled to kill the rest of us because
we won't bend to their will and so we
have a lot to lose as Americans and as
Republicans we believe that we can win
this war and banning all Muslims is a
good way to stay safe we have a lot to
lose as a nation if we don't understand
we need partners within the Muslim world
and here's the good news ninety-nine
percent of the people in the Muslim
faith reject what this ideology is
offering and it is in our interest to
align with them so we have a lot to lose
when we don't understand the basics of
how the world works
