the Democrats are going to recognize
that leading with an establishment
candidate has been an extremely
vulnerable for them look if it wasn't
for trunk almost anyone would have beat
Hillary Clinton it's a competitive race
despite how bad Trump is because Hillary
is such an establishment figure they
needed to recognize there were a lot of
people in the Democratic Party that felt
like ultimately they weren't benefiting
the working class was being undercut
that the globalization globalism these
people that were saying we want trade
deals we want to work internationally we
want to be indispensable globally it
wasn't making a difference for the
underclass in the middle class to the
United States and you needed to have
people in democratic party that we're
actually recognizing that
