your most prominent critic at the moment
is the President of the United States
people are even saying that he may be
willing to prepare initiatives to break
up Amazon because it's too big it's too
successful it's too dominant in too many
sectors or for very other reasons first
of all it's this scenario of a break of
something that you take seriously or you
think it's just a fantasy for me again
this is one of the things where you know
I focus on a NASCAR teams to focus on
what we can control and I expect whether
it's you know the current US
administration or any other government
agency anywhere in the world Amazon is
now a large corporation and I expect us
to be scrutinized we should be
scrutinized I think all large
institutions should be scrutinized and
examine it's it's reasonable and what's
you know one thing to note about us is
that we have we have we have gotten big
in absolute terms only very recently so
we've always been growing fast in
percentage terms but in in 2010 just
eight years ago we had 30,000 employees
so in the last eight years we've gone
from 30,000 employees to 560 thousand
employees so for us it's kind of you
know in my mind I'm still delivering the
packages to the post office myself you
see what I'm saying I still it I still
have all the memories of you know hoping
that one day we could afford a forklift
and so obviously that's my my
intellectual brain knows that's just not
the case anymore
we have 560,000 ploys all over the world
and and I know we should be scrutinized
and I think it's true of big government
institutions should be scrutinized big
nonprofit institutions should be
scrutinized big universities should be
screwed it just makes sense is it's a
and that's by the way why the work that
the Washington Post and the other great
newspapers around the world do is so
important because they're often the ones
doing that initial scrutiny even before
the government agencies do but in a way
the general sentiment towards the
innovative tech companies has changed I
mean Facebook Google Apple Amazon they
used to be seen as the nice guys and
t-shirts that are saving the world and
now they're sometimes portrayed as the
kind of evil of the world and the debate
about the big four or the big five The
Economist is suggesting split up other
powerful people like Soros are giving
speeches in Davos the EU Commission is
taking pretty tough positions here do
you think that there is a change in
mindset in the society and what should
the big tech companies what should
Amazon learn from that or do with that I
think I do since I mean I think again I
think it's a natural instinct I think we
humans especially in the Western world
and especially inside democracies are
wired to be skeptical and mindful of
large institutions of any kind we're
skeptical I'm sure we're skeptical of
our government always in the United
States state governments local
governments
I assume it's similar in Germany it's
healthy because they're big powerful
institutions you know the the police the
military whatever it is it doesn't mean
that you don't trust them or that
they're bad or evil or anything like
that they're just they have they have a
lot of power and control and so you want
to inspect them maybe that's a better
word you kind of want to always be
inspecting them and I think if you look
at the big tech companies they have
gotten large enough that it that they
need they're going to be inspected and
and by the way it's not personal I think
where some of the you can go astray on
this if you're the founder of a company
one of these big tech companies or any
other big institution if you if you go
astray on this you might start to take
it personally like why are you
inspecting me you know and and and I
think that you know
I wish that that people would just say
yes it's fine
