you know I've been working with Donald
Trump since I was 23 there is one gift
Donald has that he's always had from the
day I met him
which is he's a show-off he loves to
show off he loves attention and what is
he today he's a show-off
and he loves attention but to his credit
he's a great salesman he sold the world
that New York City was the best place in
the world to live when nobody wanted to
live here he was half responsible for
building my business everybody want to
live here that was good for a real
estate broker and what he's done for the
TV space which is now my new work is
he's created a new category it's not
only politics that's reality TV now the
best show in town but he's created a new
category I'd call it what would I call
it
maybe reality comedy he's created
reality comedy the politics of Donald
mixing what are you kidding okay
entertaining at best what else you want
me to say
