all the progress we hope to make over
the next eight years all of that goes
out the window if we don't win this
election and we don't win this election
potentially if we don't win North
Carolina so I hate to put a little
pressure on you but the fate of the
Republic rests on your shoulders I've
got Republican friends who don't think
or act the way Donald Trump does this is
somebody who is uniquely unqualified I
ran against John McCain I ran against
Mitt Romney I thought I'd be a better
president but I never thought that the
Republic was at risk if they were
elected the guy they nominated who many
of the Republicans he's running against
said was a con artist and I know nothing
and wasn't qualified to hold this office
this guy is temperamental e unfit to be
commander in chief and he is not
equipped to be President and this this
myth is not a this should not be a
controversial claim it really shouldn't
I mean it's strange how over time what
is crazy gets normalized this is
somebody who claims to be a great
businessman but i will tell you i know a
lot of business people right here in
north carolina and all across the
country who've done really really well
without stiffing small businesses or
workers out of what they owe them
we don't we don't have a history of
somebody who refuses to release any tax
returns at all if you disrespect women
before you are elected president you
will disrespect women when you're at
office if you accept the support of clan
sympathizers the clan and hesitate when
asked about that support then you'll
tolerate that support when you're in
office
