I think one of the broad principles of
the successful presidents was that they
were willing to surround themselves with
strong independent minded people and
listen to those people they didn't do
what their advisers told him to do in
every case but they were willing to have
their views questioned their their
judgments questioned they were willing
to accept criticism and so I think one
of the common features of the successful
ones is that willingness to to listen to
other people each of them provided
different lessons if you will George HW
Bush Bush senior in terms of how you
treat the people who work for you and
with you was was a real role model he
treated everyone from cabinet
secretaries to the household staff in
the White House with equal dignity and
respect and he earned a great deal of
loyalty from those people another lesson
a negative lesson from President Carter
was the failure to establish priorities
President Carter tried to do too many
things all at once and the result was
that domestically at least he had a very
limited record of achievement he spread
himself so thin and really was not able
to consolidate support President Nixon
is an obvious lesson in transparency and
the need for integrity in a leader in
any democracy clearly President Reagan
when it came to communicating when it
came to conveying his vision and his
sense of where the country ought to go
was perhaps of the eight presidents that
I worked for the best in that regard
well I think Meriden Obama one of the
lessons there is is it's not enough to
have a vision or to set a goal you also
have to have a strategy for
implementation and I think that's where
President Obama has had difficulty so
each of these presidents
I think offered a lesson one way or the
other in
and how to lead
you
