we get the sack over the head and we're
getting beat with the sticks they put
you in this camp they deprived you
asleep and they humiliate you you're
living in this concrete box and you're
supposed to go to the bathroom in this
Folgers coffee can the guy next to me
he lost his mind like he literally
flipped out it's just designed to put
you through the same kind of experience
that you would find yourself if you're
captured by the enemy and then they want
to teach you how to not get killed but
survive with honor you know to give them
just enough information that it's it's a
half-truth but you're not you're just
kind of constantly stringing them along
to to try and make it through so if I'm
a seal I'm not going to come out right
away and so I'm I'm a seal and I got a
top secret clearance you're gonna go
yeah I'm in the Navy okay what rank and
I may give it my rank then they're gonna
go okay well what do you do in the Navy
I'm gonna go with the diverse story
because it's it's true right I was
trained as a diver in the SEAL team so I
say I'm an I'm a Navy diver and the
thing is I can answer all sorts of true
questions about the world of Navy diving
you know how I'm cleaning ships and
they're gonna go well I mean this guy
knows what it's got knows his stuff and
I can just stick to that story that's a
perfect example of what you would do and
how you kind of pivot from that really
critical job that you're you don't want
them to find out you're a seal or a
pilot or also just going to get it's
going to get worse for you
