the scientific reason why you go bald
it's because there's a hormone that's
circulating in everyone's body everyone
is not vulnerable to that hormone unless
you inherit it and that hormone is a
byproduct to testosterone so if you
inherit that vulnerability that hormone
attaches to your hair follicle and makes
your hair follicles shrink is purely a
question of genetics and it can skip
generations it can bounce all the way
around patients come all the time and
they say dr. Yates my dad's not bald
my mom's brothers aren't bald but I'm
bald and they'll say it so it's probably
not inherited and I'd say you're
absolutely wrong it's it's definitely
inherited it can come from either side
but it seems to be that if you had to
bet on which side is stronger as far as
inheriting the genes it seems to be that
the maternal side the X chromosome has
more factors involved in the Y
chromosome so if I had to pick a side
and say which side of my family would I
want to be not bald I would say I want
my mom's side to be not bald all you
have to know is one answer everything is
genetic so when people come and they ask
me anything about hair everything you
blame on your parents
you
