probably the most arrogant shark we've
ever had he is so arrogant and so full
of himself that I just want to go over
and knock him right off his chair but of
course you're not allowed to do that
because it slows down the show but I
just like to give him a hard time he's
so cocky granted he's smart and he's
rich but so is everybody else there but
somehow he thinks he's got the corner on
that so he's not my cup of tea mark is
an arrogant mark is confident there's a
big difference when someone is
successful and confident they come
across a way that's engaging and
accepting to other people
when someone's arrogant they come across
as purely judgmental and that is Chris's
thing he's judgmental and that bugs the
crap out of me I'm gonna tell you going
to break the rules I'm gonna go over and
just knock him off his chair one day
