if you raise the minimum wage in a
gradual way then you don't get as much
of a negative effects and those negative
effects are the fact that unit labor
costs for the businesses that employ
these minimum wage employees rise and so
they're likely to either substitute that
labor for either automation or actually
hire fewer individuals on top of that
there's the likelihood that the employer
that's employing a minimum wage worker
and has higher costs might pass on these
costs to the final consumer and raise
the cost of their own products those are
negative effects but the positive is
that a lot of the minimum income wage
earners are actually individuals at the
low end of the income spectrum and the
potential boost from raising the minimum
wage in terms of activity in terms of
spending can be quite high so the two
effects tends to balance out especially
if it's done over a long period of time
now I think raising the minimum wage to
$15 which would be nearly doubling it
from from current levels would actually
be quite a substantial feed something
that's never been done in the past I
think it might be too much too quickly
but that's also a proposal that she has
adopted following a pull to the left
during the primaries where Bernie
Sanders was actually advocating for that
so I think we also have to be careful
with what Hillary Clinton has proposed
in terms of her policy proposals and
what could go through Congress as you
may know the Senate race is going to be
quite tight and in the end it's really
the Senate that decides upon these these
proposals
