number one just on a practical side if
you wake up early in the morning like at
4:30 in the morning you're gonna have
some free time to yourself to make
things happen to take care of things
that are important to you you know if
you try and work out at 4:30 in the
afternoon how many people are going to
chip away at that time your boss your
job your work your family your other
obligations that you might have at 4:30
in the morning all those people are
asleep
the other side of it is just straight-up
self-discipline it's not fun to get out
of bed early in the morning when the
alarm goes off it doesn't sing you a
song
it hits you in the head with a baseball
bat so how do you respond to that do you
crawl underneath your covers and hide or
do you get up get aggressive and attack
the day people have sent me articles
about how discipline dissipates the more
you use it the more you use your
willpower the weaker it gets whatever
scientists wrote that contact me because
you're wrong it's not true if you have
discipline if you have willpower the
more you use them the stronger they get
you don't lose will throughout the day
you don't say oh no it's it's it's 1:00
o'clock in the afternoon where are the
chocolate chip cookies no actually you
feel good you feel mentally strong and
you say no I don't need any chocolate
chip cookies where's the beef jerky
because I'm going to get it my main
thing is to get people to get up and
move and if you sweat that's the goal
the goal is to get out there and sweat
part of that too is you don't need much
you know you go to some rinky-dink
little hotel gym it's easy like others
they don't have the gear that I normally
like to have so I can't get a good work
at it you don't even need that stuff you
can just crank out a workout in your
room do burpees you know to your puke in
the trash can it's it's good time I
guarantee if you get up in the morning
and you work out and you work hard you
will have a better day 100% guaranteed
