killing makes you a hero a hero to me is
someone who helps people not kills them
the hero has to have honor and a liar
has no honor that's the definition of
hero a hero must have honored well if
you're a liar you'll have honor and you
know that's interesting I posed the
question once who's more powerful God or
government clearly government because
God says thou shalt not kill and there's
no asterisk there thou shalt not kill
yet if you kill for government you're
not only doing allowed to do it you're a
hero what makes you a hero because you
go kill for government you did your job
Kyle was probably a great sniper he did
his job but killing makes you a hero he
was a great Navy SEAL sniper but use the
word hero when how many people did he
kill in the world a hero to me is
someone who helps people not kills them
you
