we've all heard the term pivot before
but typically when it's used in the
context of startups and businesses pivot
refers to plan B when it comes to our
careers though pivot is the new plan a
we are actually all pivoting big and
small this can be within your current
role or business or company or larger
changes let's say changing pivoting your
industry or pivoting to another company
all together but the key is that we are
going to be asking and answering the
question what's next much more
frequently than in years past and one of
the biggest mistakes that I made when
pivoting and that I see other pivot errs
make is ignoring what's already working
and focusing too much on what's not
working what they don't know and what
they don't have so if you think like a
basketball player when a basketball
player stops dribbling they ground down
with their plant foot and in terms of
career pivots that your plant foot are
your strengths your existing assets what
you're already good at who you know what
you already have experience in and your
one-year vision of what success looks
like a year from now then in the
basketball analogy the basketball player
can scan for passing options with their
pivot foot so while you have one part of
you that's rooted in your existing
strengths then you have another part of
you that is scanning for people skills
and projects that look interesting for
this next direction of your career then
the third stage of the pivot method is
pilot so this would be the basketball
player starting to pass the ball around
the court piloting is about running
small experiments with ten to twenty
percent of your time to test the three
e's do i enjoy this new area can i
become an expert at it and is there room
to expand in the market and you can
repeat plants can pilot plants can pilot
over and over in some cases for months
if not years perfectly happily just
experimenting doubling back down on your
strengths and what's already working and
scanning and then eventually it comes
time to make a shot or what i call in
the pivot method launch so this would be
when you one of your pilot's starts
taking off and you decide to go all in
on the new direction by repeating plants
can pilot you reduce risk but ultimately
when it comes time for a launch whether
that's quitting your job or starting a
business
you go all in even with any remaining
uncertainty and most pivotal I spoke
with never regret their launch decision
even if things don't pan out exactly as
they planned by the time you launch you
know that you would regret staying in
place more than launching and then
having to readjust if things don't work
out as planned
