within a matter of days last year Donald
Trump said his net worth was 8.7 billion
10 billion more than 10 billion in one
case 11 billion dollars even though
there was nothing going on in the
economy that would suggest that kind of
gyrations of net worth the reality is
that Donald Trump just makes it up and
you don't have to take my word for it
he's testified to that effect but let's
go back in time in 1990 I broke the
story that Trump was not a billionaire
and he denigrated that story but a
couple of months later in an official
government preceding his personal net
worth statement prepared by his bankers
was made public and it showed that he
had a negative net worth of about 295
million dollars or as I wrote at the
time you are probably worth more than
Donald Trump now today Trump is without
a doubt a wealthy man but the lifestyle
he has doesn't require a billion dollars
of assets and there's no evidence that
he is a billionaire what there is
evidence of is how Donald calculates his
wealth most of us say well I own this
much in the house and stock market
investments and mutual funds and other
property and I owe this much to the bank
and the difference is my net worth or
you Donald Trump his net worth is
determined by his emotional state he was
asked about this under oath just a
couple of years ago and he said well it
depends on how I'm feeling and the
lawyer questioning him under oath
pressed this and Donald went on to say
yes it's a function of how I feel now if
he weren't a candidate for president of
United States if he was a guy sitting
next to you on a stool in a bar
somewhere even in a fancy hotel I think
you'd quickly concludes that's nuts by
the way I'm having a great day today I
think my net worth today must be at
least a billion dollars
