sometimes you have to sidestep step
backwards do so many things in order to
get the thing the thing that you desire
so much here's a big tyrant tip and how
to ask for a raise
first I'm gonna tell you what not to do
do not go to your boss or employer and
say I can't pay my bills I need to do
this for my kid I just need this because
I just need to shop more I can't pay my
car payment it is not your employer's
interest their personal interest
actually really truly care for that and
it's not necessarily gonna make them
open up the pockets of that company to
pay you for that you need to sit there
and talk about your value talk about
what you have done that has increased
revenues increased engagement or how
you've been working from 9:00 to 9:00
even though you are only supposed to be
working from 9:00 to 6:00 and that
you're a salaried employee so it's not
gonna be like you're getting more money
and based on your input into that
company and based on the metrics and the
things that have happened because of the
things that you're doing that's why you
deserve the raise don't need arees
deserve persistence is crucial you have
a goal you have a dream you have a
desire you see that thing over there and
you want it so bad it is so important to
keep on keepin on especially when you
feel like crap and you feel like nothing
that you are doing is getting you there
but one thing that my mother told me is
it's not always about going through the
front door so the dream is right on the
other side of that front door there's
other entrances to get inside of that
house which represents your dream your
gold your desire so figure out that way
and what that means is the path is not
always straight I talked about this a
lot about pivoting moving on to the next
thing you have to have the nose of like
a bloodhound
and know when something feels like it
could go stale being one step ahead or
you know what I used to love this job
and then I used to like it and now I
kind of tolerate it and it's not
necessarily just like oh screw this I'm
out of here
and you can't pay your rent sometimes
it's about transitioning and doing it
smoothly leave at the top with respect
even if you hate that damn job you don't
want to burn bridges get into that next
job still be able to pay your rent
and don't piss off your boss because you
never know when you're gonna need that
recommendation if you have an idea if
you want to be an entrepreneur and you
just have no weight in you don't have
access to capital to you know to make
this dream come true I say work for
companies that have a similar mission
product service that you wish to create
learn their secrets learn what makes
them tick and then take that and tweak
it and make it your own the more
knowledge that you have the more power
you have when you need to sit down in
front of a VC or private equity and say
I need some money to make this dream
come true
and in my career I have wanted so much
but it's not always about this sometimes
you got a it's like a dance back
exercise right back dip an addict inside
door and window and sell it and sell it
okay
