Oh to work out well if I well it's a
corner yeah but it's a corner what I
want to do you know I might do everybody
part and then end with some cardio I
might do only cardio then I would
probably if I was going to a full
circuit I'd probably do I do some some
roll outs with the wheel I'd probably
get on my assault bike and really do
some some heavy sprint intervals I do
some probably get on the diverse apply
ma and do some real heavy intense you
know climbing up and down you know
intervals I'd do some probably do some
rows I'd probably do some curls I might
I might add some dips I probably do some
flies I might get on a roll machine you
know the actual instead of just the road
with the weights the actual roll machine
you know treadmill it would be a lot I
might a may or may not add squats
according to what I'm gonna do in terms
of running its corner what it is
you
