we used to flirt face to face but now we
do it generally through words on a
screen and that can just be a very weird
thing for everybody we did tons of focus
groups where we asked people to not just
tell us their stories but literally to
pull out their phones and hand them to
us so that we could scroll up and down
and see things that worked in
interactions and also things that went
terribly horribly depressingly wrong the
first one is please please please do not
send the generic hey text that has
nothing else accompanying it it's just a
very confusing and strange message it
tells people nothing the second big
mistake that people make is they get
into what we call the secretary problem
and that is this kind of endless loop of
trying to schedule things with the
person you've never met or kind of
hardly know you maybe met them very
briefly when you get into like we meet
at Starbucks at 4 o'clock on Tuesday
oh no sorry 4 o'clock on Tuesday doesn't
work for me how about you know 6 p.m. on
Monday for a drink Oh Monday I've got
spinning class I can't make that three
or four of those exchanges and all the
energy is sapped out of the exchange and
people just forget it and swipe left and
move on to the next person the third
problem is some people text messages
that are way too long really just like a
couple sentences is ideal and in fact
one thing we we learned is that a very
strong opening text is something that
recognizes both the name of the person
you're sending it to say something in
the text that makes it clear to the
other person that you remember who he or
she is and that you recall the specific
interaction if you can do it all that in
kind of a witty way it's a bonus the
fourth thing we saw is that people who
receive messages with bad grammar found
that to be an incredible turn-off most
people want to be with someone who's
educated and who has some chance of
getting a job someday so if you can't
spell the most basic things and don't
know where the comma should go maybe you
should study a little bit before you ask
another person
via text last thing is please don't ask
someone if they want to hang out no one
has any idea what that means do you want
to watch game do you want to have a beer
are you trying to hook up is it romantic
are you taking them to meet your friends
or your parents
it's totally ambiguous and nobody wants
ambiguity when they're trying to text
and make a plan
