I probably walked past this Dairy Queen
a hundred times and every time I walk by
I look and I'm like who's in a Dairy
Queen that's gonna be me starting
tomorrow Dairy Queen to me is like just
where people go get blizzards and ice
cream and stuff I certainly have never
thought to go there if I was hungry for
anything other than you know some
disgusting red velvet cake blizzard or
whatever they're like the fast-food
version of Sears you see one every six
months and you think to yourself huh
still in business so now they had these
new menu items I thought he'd go and
check them out go on this Dairy Queen I
was kind of like oh good here we go but
tell you the truth this Dairy Queen was
pretty nice it was clean had like a
modern design to it it was huge and also
empty
apparently not the only one who forgot
about Dairy Queen all right I'm hungry
so now we need this food here we go we
all know DQ's got cheeseburgers but
lately they've had these new grill
burgers which seems like it's a like
higher-quality cheeseburger look at this
look at this thing huge smells amazing
here we go yep really good yummy happens
huh look at my face I'm covered with
junk I don't care don't look at me
excellent it was thick juicy plenty of
great stuff on it a plus on the burger
DQ bakes with an exclamation point
they're yelling at you eat this now the
turkey BLT there's a turkey and bacon
sandwich basically it's like you know
lettuce and tomatoes on everything
that's very good this thing's like
loaded with bacon which is obviously a
plus
yeah the turkey tastes great it tastes
like was just sliced I don't know if it
wasn't a but it tastes like it was just
sliced definitely recommend this
delicious surprising for Dairy Queen the
chicken mozzarella sandwich this is the
one I was like the most nervous about
the bread looks like the top of a brain
you know when you visit your parents
that like way better groceries and
you're just like I'm gonna make an
amazing sandwich like you like cuz mom
got the fancy bread actually that's
really good haha another surprise if we
were to give out an award for the most
different looking than advertised I put
this sandwich would be a contender I
mean it's just look at this just like
whoo but man this tastes really good
chicken bacon ranch well I'm gonna do a
shoulder shrug to this one this really
runny ranch dressing that's just kind of
gross obviously it wasn't perfect but it
was way better than I expected so good
idea Dairy Queen apparently a Warren
Buffett's holding company Brookshire
Hathaway Owens Dairy Queen so I feel DEQ
is missing a trick by not making Warren
Buffett their spokesperson or mascot
people seem to love old rich white guys
I mean Trump's got that make America
great hat why doesn't uh Buffett's don't
wear a Dairy Queen hat when he's given
out advice for whatever he does I don't
know Warren Buffett eats a Dairy Queen
and he's super rich I want to be
super-rich hmm it seems like a
no-brainer uh yeah so Dairy Queen's food
is actually really good
