visualize an image of yourself as
successful and then this is the quote
stamp it indelibly on your mind never
let it go this is what Donald Trump does
everything is a success
his family was very influenced by a
minister named norman vincent peale who
wrote a book called the power of
positive thinking the teachings of
norman vincent peale had a great deal of
influence on the Trump family Fred Trump
and his wife Mary began attending the
church where Norman Vincent Peale was
the minister in Manhattan and Donald and
his two sisters were married in that
church the two parents funerals were
held in that church and the power of
positive thinking is the title suggests
is about how thinking positively about
your accomplishments and yourself can
pretty much enable you to do anything
and get anywhere and there's a list of
guidelines in the first chapter ten
guidelines to success and it's really
kind of theology and business mixed
together and saying it's kind of God's
plan for you to be successful and go for
it the first one says essentially
visualize an image of yourself as
successful and then this is the quote
stamp it indelibly on your mind never
let it go and never think of yourself as
failing
don't let that idea failure enter your
mind this is what Donald Trump does
everything is the success that's it it's
all successful and there's no room for
to think of failure so these little
barbs or little zingers that have
occasionally come up in the campaign I
mean his usual mo is to bulldoze over
them to just like snap back he's very
very good at coming back at people when
that doesn't work that does throw him
off his game because his game is that
he's always successful he's never failed
in anything
