it's always easy to blame the referee
but what's it like to be that official
my name is Zach zarba and I'm a 15 year
MBA referee the pressure is under
estimate you know it's it's taken for
granted sometimes it takes a lot to be
able to function and exist in a pressure
field environment and you have to be
calm
Zach has had its fair share of court
time he played d3 basketball for SUNY
New Paltz so I knew as soon as my career
was over that I had to do something else
and find something else I loved and my
father was a baseball local baseball
umpire in Brooklyn and he did high
school in college and he kind of gave me
the idea to you know try officiating how
did Zach become one of the NBA's 65
referees it's a long road to reach that
level you start from you know the bottom
you start from CYO for five-year-old
six-year-olds you work your way up you
do high school basketball you do a
little bit of college I did a lot of
work in in New York City pro-am leagues
and and then the d-league if you're good
enough you go to training camp if that
goes well you might be recruited to the
G League only those at the top of the G
League get accepted as NBA referees you
have to be young you have to be in shape
you have to be able to run up and down
with the best athletes in the world
you have to stay light the lighter you
are less wear and tear on your legs on
your knees on your feet that's gonna
give you a longer career clearly staying
in shape is key
how does Zach stay trim for me
personally it's an hour cardio a day
it's core work it's you know abs it's a
lot of weight work on the legs to
protect the knees referees have to keep
more than just their bodies in shape I
do a lot of meditation you know during
the day before the game and stuff like
that just in order to find a calm place
in order to have clarity because we're
making decisions that likely affect
people's careers people's jobs someone
wins someone loses and you just want the
utmost clarity and peace in a charged
environment
on game day Zach and his fellow
officials will meet around 11:00 a.m. to
catch up they'll head to the arena 90
minutes before tipoff to run through
their pregame routine interaction with
players is an ongoing art some nights
are easier than others but communication
is a key communication and listening
skills are huge and at the end of the
day we may agree to disagree on some
subjects but the respect comes both ways
we are not more lenient with the Stars I
would say the star players actually are
disadvantaged more than anyone else if
you're going to concede that we make
mistakes which we do you know the
mistakes we make are gonna be on the
people who have the ball in their hand
75% of the time which in this case is
the star players they hold the ball 75%
of the time they put pressure on the
defense and pressure on the officials
and if and when mistakes are made
they're usually made with them on top of
the stress of the game refs are on the
road a ton sometimes for up to 10 days
at a time the travel is difficult it's
for the more veteran guys it's 24 25
nights
gone from your family a month it's
basically eight months on and then four
months off because all that time gone
during the winter you know you have to
reconnect with your family and so we're
home during the summer we do some
training stuff with the league but it's
that's our time to reconnect with our
family and loved ones
you
