ah the undisputed heavyweight of the
girl-scout world assignment yeah that's
what binman
damn right the cookie crumbles away like
a little avalanche in your mouth
the ratio of dental mint in this cookie
weighs far in favor of thin / mint oh no
this is all wrong I don't know what this
is but this definitely isn't a girl's
replicate this is a Girl Scout cookie I
mean this is so bad hmm smells kind of
like soap I think that one's the real
one but this one's better this is the
Girl Scout I can tell by the texture
yeah this one's kind of weak tasting
real or fake I don't know oh yeah oh
look thick there's way more cookie in
here these two cookies tastes pretty
much exactly the same oh yeah this
tastes awful all of that peanut butters
is so-so no actually this one's a fake
one it's sweeter it's too sweet exactly
this is a tag-along peanut butter patty
whatever you call it I know that's what
this is 100% for sure this is a fake one
smells peanut buttery it smells
delicious really yeah way creamier
peanut butter there's too much crunch
associated with it
I gotta say that this one was the tag
along this is the official Girl Scout
cookie version Walgreens
oh no really yeah you've ruined my day I
clearly liked the fake cookies much
better for Walgreens would be like now
screw the Girl Scouts we'll make our own
cookies it's like a screw those guys the
fake ones taste so much better than the
real ones I find it weird that there's a
generic brand of Girl Scout cookies I
know girls up these are great Thin Mints
are incomparable if you're going to eat
a thin mint it should only be a Girl
Scout Thin Mints I'm ashamed of myself
I'm sorry mom
