they're not thinking when they invest in
a company is this companies gonna
succeed 100% of the time in fact the
percentage of time that that company has
to succeed is relatively low because
when a company hits like an uber it hits
so big that your return on investment is
so huge that you can actually make a lot
of those investments have a very high
percentage of them fail you're gonna get
10 to one on your money I can invest in
10 different companies that are only 10
percent to win and because I'm getting
10 to 1 on either of them I'll actually
make money because I only need to be
getting 9 to 1 in that spot what you're
doing is a lot of investing in things
that have a very high rate of return but
it's also very high volatility when I
lose the hand I've already decided that
I'm not gonna feel bad about it because
that's actually gonna happen the
majority of the time and it's not gonna
change my behavior that I lost you have
to be very comfortable with the idea
that when you lose it's not because you
made a bad decision that that was built
into the decision in advance and that
losing and those kinds of failures are
totally ok because you can be completely
winning to the decision and still have
the outcome be one that you technically
lost at
