the guy says stuff that no buddy would
find tolerable if they were applying for
a job at 7-eleven or you I mean I don't
know what job if you were kind of
vetting somebody for a job and then you
heard what somebody said on tape about
women set-aside what they were saying
about that stuff that you would hire
that person for that job and the fact
that now you've got people saying well
we strongly disapprove we really
disagree we find those comments
discussed them but we're still endorsing
it
we still think he should be President
that doesn't make sense to me he's been
said really bad stuff for a while now
what what did you think he was going to
he he was just going to transform
himself I'm a I'm 55 it's hard for me to
change I know it's seven is going to be
harder
