if Trump wins will the market crash so I
think the that's probably one of the
more unsettling outcomes particularly if
the polls stay largely in favor of
Clinton heading into the election so we
have a brexit type situation where
there's complacency or an assumption of
a certain outcome and then the opposite
outcome occurs so I think if we were to
go into the election thinking you know
Clinton's up by 1015 points whatever it
is and then we wake up the next morning
and find that Trump has won I think
that's the most unsettling outcome I
think the least unsettling outcome for
the market is probably a trump win but
at least one if not both houses of
Congress staying no I'm sorry Clinton
win Clinton win with both houses of
Congress
staying Republican so I think that's the
least unsettling I think that that is
somewhat baked into expectations I think
the assumption is that say the thing is
is that some of them the more troubling
or risky things that Trump would like to
do more of those could get done through
executive order without an agreement by
Congress but the opposite the things I
think on Clinton's policy platforms
particularly higher taxes that would be
most unsettling to people would get
blocked certainly if the house remained
Republican so there's those checks and
balances that I think maybe make that
the least unsettling outcome and and so
the best outcome for the economy from
what you're saying is no change
basically I think somewhere yeah so I
think I think there's really no
circumstance under which I think you get
a big lift in the economy and that's not
a function of political discourse or
anything really I think related to the
election or policy I think we're in a
post debt super cycle period elongated
period of subpar growth and that's going
to take time to work itself out it's
just a question of how much damage could
be done
