I don't recommend smacking clients I
don't actually smack clients but I want
to assign so when you're trying to set
the price for your home to figure out
what a good market value is if you do
what so many clients want to do and just
say oh what's market value oh let's
price $50,000 over that I'll smack you
that's not what you want to do you look
at the comparables sold properties out
there you don't just look at what's on
the market active listings that doesn't
matter
it's sold properties that are comparable
in today's market that will give you the
proper value you don't recommend
smacking your clients I don't actually
smack clients but I want to at times
it's true you never want to be the most
expensive house on the block that's not
going to help anything and you're better
to come a little bit lower when you're
listing the price so that you can drum
up interest maybe get multiple offers
instead of going over and then chasing
the market down into the winner
typically if I see their multiple houses
are very similar to the house I'm
listing on the market I will actually
price mine about 5% under market value
drum up that interest and then hopefully
get the multiple offers just because you
list a little bit below market value
does not mean you have to accept an
offer there's a below market value if
you're in a very hot market if there are
not a lot of houses on the market but
there are a lot of buyers looking and
things are turning over very fast it's
not a bad thing to price adjust over
what market value is because there's a
good chance that prices are increasing
in that area but if you're pricing way
over what value would be that's not
smart all you're doing is you're wasting
your prime time that initial listing
time you will get these wacky people who
list for $600,000 to see if they're
someone who'll pay that but at the end
of the day usually those listings just
go away and it goes back to what people
have actually paid but you also have to
dig in and do your research because if a
house in your neighborhood sold for
500,000 and it's similar to yours and
you want to try to get the same thing
sometimes it can turn out that they had
special features like $100,000 stereo
system or sometimes even they'll include
something a channel like an RV was
included in the purchase price so you
have to do your research to make sure
it's comparable you know I hate when a
client does this yeah but when I bought
my house I know there's a train that
runs through the backyard but I really
love that kitchen I know I paid too much
but someone else will pay too much
sometimes there is someone as dumb as
you are but most times not
