when I first started idols absolutely
horrible I don't buy canned foods I
don't even buy frozen food
yes I eat a certain level of process but
not his process to those foods were so I
was sick with constipation for two weeks
so initially the food was just so was
the worse for me as time went on you got
used to it for the most part I had the
meals and it may be one item on there I
didn't like I mean you know but I did
have a plan B and a lot of people do
that they order the commissary food or
the snacks of the chips or whatever and
I always had a cup of almond noodles on
standby for when I didn't want the food
so you could order I mean most of the
food was junk food but you could order a
whole jar of peanut butter after I left
there I didn't potatoes for like a whole
two months because you get a potato but
some form of potato with every meal so I
didn't even want to look at a potato
when I left
