people suffer because they obsess about
themselves what they're losing what
they're missing out on what they'll
never have and it's not true
it's only true because you're letting
your head take over instead of your body
in your heart well anybody who's
plateaued in their job or stocker says
they don't know what to do and they say
you know what am I gonna do you'll never
get the answer from that state of mind
if you're angry if you're pissed off if
you're frustrated if you're bored you're
not your brains not gonna come up with
same answers as if you're feeling
inspired or hungry the first way to
break out of it is to feed that mind I
made a goal that said I'm gonna read an
hour dad not the newspaper something you
know somebody's biography so I could
realize that the most successful people
on earth have been through hell you know
and how they did it learning their
strategies or something on philosophy or
strategy or physiology and then the
second thing I did is I realized that my
fear was taking over right fear is
physical so is courage it's also
physical you feel that sense of power or
certainty in your body so what I did is
I trained myself every day even if it
was only 10 minutes to do something
incredibly intense physically when all
that blood is rushing to your body and
that force of will is coming out of you
it changes the way you feel mentally
emotionally and it changes your
performance and then the third thing I
decided I needed to do was to really be
crystal clear about what I wanted what
was my goal and who's a role model I
could learn from and then finally fourth
thing was not to wait - my life was
weldin if I want to stop being depressed
then you stop focusing on myself take
back control by giving to someone else
who needs it more than you you have no
money you can walk down and feed
somebody at the local soup kitchen and I
promise you you will realize you have no
problems work out read and fill your
mind get clear your goal in some great
role models and go help somebody right
now and suddenly you'll realize you have
no problem certainly not problems that
are unsolvable
