under my administration anyone who
illegally crosses the border will be
detained until they are removed out of
our country and back to the country from
which they came overall we found that an
anti-immigration stance would actually
be not conducive to to increase growth
it would be counterproductive we're not
too sure again about what he would
actually pursue in terms of deportations
or self deportations yes the number of
eleven point four million is is a stated
number whether he would really go forth
with that proposal is uncertain there
are questions actually to whether this
is actually feasible what we done in
terms of our different macroeconomic
simulations is essentially assumed that
he pursues between 600,000 to a million
deportations a year now you have to
understand that 600,000 is 50% more than
was ever achieved and that was under the
Obama administration quite a high number
even if we take the low end of that
range what that would do in terms of
economic impact is quite important in a
population that's aging where the the
labor force is aging where we have
increased numbers of baby boomers that
are retiring
if you curb immigration then you're
curbing a younger tranche of the
population that could actually offset
some of that aging of the population so
that's actually detrimental to the labor
market and to the economy overall now
doesn't mean there is usually some time
before immigrants adapt to the u.s.
environment perhaps learn the language
and and fine tune the skills that they
need to be employable but overall we
found that an anti-immigration stance
would actually be not conducive to to
increase growth it would be
counterproductive
