there's a reason your buttons are on the
left or right side of your shirts for
men's clothes buttons are on the right
making it easy for right-handed men to
fasten their shirts for women's clothing
buttons are on the left seeing is the
majority of the human population is
right-handed why aren't all fasteners on
the right here are a few theories theory
one motherhood women held their babies
with their left hands leaving only their
dominant right hands-free buttons were
therefore on the left to make things
like breastfeeding easier theory to
riding sidesaddle women who rode horses
often rode sidesaddle on the left the
left oriented buttons reduced the amount
of air flow into a woman's shirt on
horseback theory three servants during
industrialization when clothing
conventions became standardized men
often dress themselves while many
wealthy women had servants so buttons
were oriented on the left to accommodate
right-handed servants these old
conventions simply have it changed since
the Industrial Revolution
