I'm under a routine audit and it'll be
released and as soon as the audits
finished it'll be released I will
release my tax returns against my
lawyer's wishes when she releases her
33,000 emails that have been deleted as
soon as she releases them I will release
I will release my tax returns we know
the IRS has made clear there is no
prohibition on releasing it when you're
under audit so you've got to ask
yourself why won't he release his tax
returns and I think there may be a
couple of reasons first maybe he's not
as rich as he says he is second maybe
he's not as charitable as he claims to
be third we don't know all of his
business dealings but we have been told
through investigative reporting that he
owes about 650 million dollars to Wall
Street and foreign banks or maybe he
doesn't want the American people all of
you watching tonight to know that he's
paid nothing in federal taxes
