you know here's what really gets me
about this mr. Stumpp if what if your
tellers took a handful of $20 bills out
of the cash drawer they'd probably be
looking at criminal charges for theft
they could end up in prison but you
squeezed your employees to the breaking
point so they would cheat customers and
you could drive up the value of your
stock and put hundreds of millions of
dollars in your own pocket and when it
all blew up you kept your job you kept
your multi-million dollar bonuses and
you went on television to blame
thousands of $12 an hour employees who
were just trying to meet cross-sell
quotas that made you rich this is about
accountability you should resign you
should give back the money that you took
while this scam was going on and you
should be criminally investigated by
both the Department of Justice and the
Securities and Exchange Commission this
just isn't right a cashier who steals a
handful of 20s is held accountable but
Wall Street executives who almost never
hold themselves accountable not now and
not in 2008 when they crushed the
worldwide economy the only way that Wall
Street will change is if executives face
jail time when they preside over massive
frauds we need tough new laws to hold
corporate executives personally
accountable and we need tough
prosecutors who have the courage to go
after people at the top until then it
will be business as usual and at giant
banks like Wells Fargo that seems to
mean cheating as many customers
investors and employees as they possibly
can
Thank You mr. chair
