there are tons of other options besides
handing over your hard earned cash to
cable companies to get started you'll
need one of these a game console like an
Xbox one or ps4 or a streaming device
like a Roku or a chromecast you can also
buy rabbit ears a ten dollar digital
antenna most networks broadcast their
signal in HD and you can pick it up
though you may have to fiddle with its
position or connect a laptop directly to
your TV DGA HDMI and DVI cords are a few
options and what you need will depend on
your TV and your computer if you want to
catch up with Game of Thrones john
oliver or need the latest movies there's
HBO now it's $14.99 a month if you're
worried about keeping up with primetime
TV
get Hulu Plus the cheapest plan starts
at $7.99 a month and of course there's
Netflix and Amazon Prime Netflix can
cost as little as $9.99 a month and
Amazon Prime will run $8.99 a month you
can pick and choose which services are
right for you
but even if you feel you need every
single one it will only cost you forty
one ninety six a month there's almost
nothing you can't watch by cutting the
cord so why spend more money than you
need to
