Amazon lockers the option that you may
have seen during your Amazon checkout
process so I decided to try the locker
as an option to see what would happen
first I had to add a nearby Amazon
locker to my account you do this by
going to your account adding a new
address then you can search for a nearby
locker there was one on s 7-eleven right
down the street when you select a locker
you have to put in your credit card
information when you checkout your item
you will now see the locker you selected
as an option so here comes my first
hurdle the item I ordered was too big so
I tried something smaller so I chose the
locker again my first Locker was out of
service let's try another one
so I put my credit card information in
again for the next suggested Locker down
the list this locker is currently full
okay the next one full again
it took into my 12th locker to find one
that wasn't full or out of service I
don't even look at the address of that
working locker I was losing hope that
there was even going to be a functional
one in manehattan period as it turns out
an 18 minute walk to get there my
package was delivered at 8 p.m.
two days after ordering it my delivery
notices Amazon gave me a unique pickup
code and a bar code that could be
scanned my locker ended up being in a
grocery store after searching the store
for an embarrassing amount of time I
finally found the locker behind the cash
registers so I put in my a unique pickup
code and got a technical error scanning
the barcode eventually worked and all of
a sudden the door magically opened
Eureka so at least I got my package but
this whole experience has been
especially frustrating
you
