people tend to rely on melatonin a lot
because they feel like it's a natural
alternative to prescription sleep aids
but just because it's natural doesn't
mean that it's safe or necessary or
better than another option when you're
taking a supplement that supplement is
not regulated by the FDA and so you
don't really know what potency you're
getting and you don't know much about
the manufacturing process that's a
safety issue aside from that your body
makes melatonin and there's no reason to
think that you have a deficit in
melatonin just because you're having
trouble sleeping sometimes melatonin can
be very helpful in the short term for a
night or two or it can be very helpful
for jet lag because melatonin is
actually what you need to change when
you are trying to acclimate to a new
time zone but melatonin as a long-term
sleep aid is not going to be helpful
partly because you don't need it and
partly because your body is going to
have bitch ooh it to it you're going to
get used to it and it's not going to be
affected after a few days of use
