that smells really good very flavorful
I already really drive based on how they
look it's not it's really good actually
it had like a hard crust and we bite
into them it just like explodes flavor
in your mouth I think maybe it's like a
cranberry idea it's like a raspberry
like out of season some chow down these
are real nice kales good lumpy like real
mosquitos
they're not like Internet Mac videos or
own thing holy these are really good I
love them oh the texture is almost a
little too wet inside I would say that
this is maybe a step up from dr. Prager
'he's veggie burgers i'm wouldn't say
I'd go home craving it but I would eat
it again oh it tastes like Thanksgiving
it's totally gluten free and vegan which
is cool mm-hmm it's like waterlogged
carrots with almost all the flavor
sucked out
I'm fully aware that this has been
sitting in that hot oven for who knows
how long this still tastes amazing
there's so much cinnamon in here the
dough is a little undercooked but I
prefer it that way you're getting bang
for your buck with this one dollar
cinnamon bun
