a psychologist who studies canine
behavior found a disturbing trend 250
photos of people hugging dogs the dogs
weren't happy how do we know according
to animal behavior researcher Julie
Hecht
there are three common signs of stress
and dogs stress sign number one turning
their head away from the thing that's
bothering them sign number two showing
the whites of their eyes and sign number
three lower ring or pinning back their
ears still some dogs might tolerate a
hug especially if it comes from someone
familiar a take away dogs have lots of
ways of showing affection hugs simply
aren't one of them if she doesn't want
to be hugged sometimes people don't want
to be hugged
either I respect that and I give their
distance next time you want to show your
pup some love scratch its tummy or Pat
its head and save the hugs for your
fellow humans
