popping blisters can be a dirty business
that's why the safest way to treat one
is usually to just let it be that may
not look like it but blisters are
actually bodyguards they protect the
soft sensitive skin underneath them
against infection blisters on our hands
and feet often form when something
repeatedly rubs against the same patch
of skin this friction separates the
upper epidermis layers from the lower
dermis layer and generates a burning
sensation in that area the separated
layers of skin leave a cavity that can
then fill with liquid forming a blister
worn moist skin separates more easily
than dry skin which is why it's
important to keep your feet dry if an
unwelcome blister arrives it's usually
best not to break the skin otherwise you
open a doorway for bacteria to infect
the lower more sensitive dermis skin
layer leave it alone and your body will
grow a brand new layer of skin
underneath the blister in about five
days at that point the new epidermis
will absorb the liquid and your blisters
should disappear one exception to the no
popping rule is if you do regular
activities like sports that could
irritate and burst the blister in that
case you're better off draining the
liquid through a tiny incision made with
a sterilized needle but resist the urge
to peel the top layer of skin because it
can still shield the lower epidermis as
it heals
