right now we're about to enter into a
period of so much innovation it's it's
mind-boggling we're about to see the
next trillion-dollar opportunity with
virtual reality we're already seeing a
take off you know Samsung Facebook Apple
and Vidya Qualcomm Sony Microsoft all
these companies are investing billions
of dollars in virtual reality virtual
reality's gonna disrupt every possible
industry you can even think of I put on
the virtual reality headset I'll go to
the virtual mall I'll go to the shoe
store
it'll the the shoes off point to the
shoes it'll suddenly appear on my feet
they'll be haptic nodes that let me know
how it feels on my feet I'll click again
and bam my shoes are sent to my house
think of gaming okay if you put on a
virtual reality headset and you are
about to look you're looking over a
mountain you're gonna actually feel
afraid of heights if you're afraid of
heights as opposed to playing a video
game where all the neural chemicals
don't translate in virtual reality they
do they all start firing real estate
instead of going with the real estate
agent from house to house you'll put on
the virtual reality headset and you'll
actually be able to tour completely
every house all these companies are
investing pretty heavily in virtual
reality technology and by the way this
is just one innovation that's happening
there's others too or 3d printing with
energy with electronic cars with
autonomous driving with robotics so much
innovation is happening in every
industry that I don't know how you can
say oh well the market feels rich now
even though all the companies are cheap
job growth is happening and innovation
is about to go through the roof with the
next trillion-dollar opportunity always
bet on innovation never bet against it
