I salute Colin Kapernick I fully support
him fully and completely that's why I
served my country so that you have the
freedom to protest if we don't like
protesting what's next I don't have to
agree with him but I'll still respect
his right to do it and everyone should
respect that he shouldn't be booed and
who's he harming when I was governor of
Minnesota the Dems and republished ride
to nail me you know what they did they
passed a law requiring the Pledge of
Allegiance for all public school
children
I immediately vetoed it you know why
because governments should not mandate
patriotism government's earned
patriotism you earn that who mandated
patriotism the Germans in the 1930s they
mandated patriotism that's what we want
to be we want to build walls now and be
East Berlin that's the direction of the
United States today
I salute Colin Kaepernick for having
courage a man of his convictions and
he's also putting a million dollars
putting his money where his stance is
good for him whether I agree with him or
not is irrelevant
