I would just say both sides have to
chill do I think that American democracy
ends if Trump is president now I think
you know there are plenty of checks and
balances in place I think he would do
some damage to the country but we would
recover the office of the presidency and
the and demerit American democratic
institutions are a lot stronger than one
person we have to figure out how to
reinvigorate our political institutions
and he's sort of demonstrating to us the
urgency of that task we want American
democracy to be flourishing 10 15 and 20
and 50 years from now and the only way
that's going to work is if we calm down
a little I'm always surprised when
people don't take the long view so you
have a country that's been around for
going on 250 years that has been an
extraordinarily successful democracy and
it's been successful because of the
strength of its institutions the kind of
rhetoric that people are using now
strikes me is incredibly damaging you
you know you may hate Hillary Clinton
and you may have good reason for hating
Hillary Clinton but Hillary Clinton is
one person who even if she's elected
will be gone one day and if you start to
use threatening dangerous negative angry
language about people who are running
for trying to be public servants and
have a history by the way in public
service you're creating some potential
for long-term damage that is pretty
serious
