I don't know they ever stopped caring
completely people say they don't care I
think what they really mean is I don't
let it stop me I've dealt with
presidents the countries that dealt with
the top celebrities everybody cares I
care but I don't care level where I'm
gonna modify me I don't care at the
level where I'm only gonna do it to try
to please somebody because I know
they'll turn something positive into a
negative
there's Saudi I'm fearful whenever
people say to me by the way that I'm
skeptical or I'm pessimistic I said come
on let's be honest you're gutless it
doesn't take any courage to say
nothing's gonna work because what you're
really saying is I'm afraid to try
because what if I get my hopes up and
I'm disappointed what if I try and I
fail and then I look bad so the hipster
approach is yeah is to not give not
giving us a way to have a terrible life
I think you do give it I think you do
care but I think you just don't let it
stop you and I think the way that gets
done is you find a mission that you
value more than your fear many of us
will do things for our children we would
never do for ourselves right I think
that's the beauty of human beings will
do things for people we love even more
than ourselves that's what makes us
human I don't give every day when I'm
exhausted tired or burn out my body
hurts when I don't get up because all
this still so wonderful I get up cuz I
have a mission I have something that
excites me have something that keeps me
up late gets me up early and makes me
feel alive
