there were many times when I was dealing
with Mexican drug trafficking
organizations where they asked me to
commit crimes and I would say I don't do
that unless I really have to I try to do
violence very surgically because if I
did wholesale violence you know that
would attract the attention of law
enforcement and that's also something
that they understood the number one
priority for drug traffickers is money
and secondarily power to gain their
confidence you know it took a long time
because it was a testing period that you
had to go through a lot of times they
would ask you you know who your contacts
were who you dealt with in the past so I
would always give them names of
individuals that were already dead that
they couldn't go back to verify my
statement
