hello I'm Hector McDonald I'm a business
storytelling expert and a strategic
communications consultant and I'm the
author of truth how the many sides of
every story shape our reality so when
the company is trying to shape its
narrative one of the first things it has
to ask itself is which of the many
things it could say should it say
there's a thousand different things any
company can put into a story about its
past its present its future but really
the skill of the storyteller and
business is to hone down from all those
multiple different truths to the key
things that you think will achieve the
purpose achieve the the agenda you're
trying to work towards in that business
we have all kinds of tricks up our
sleeves as professional communicators
and some of them are honest some of them
are a little bit less honest in their
application but some just methodology of
course is is just choosing what you what
you include in your messaging so a
mission is a simple technique to make
sure that you leave out the
uncomfortable truths the things that
perhaps will cause difficulties for some
of your employees cause embarrassment in
the markets with our customers and so on
and that's a you know a very wise and
sensible approach in a lot of places
where there are things are the best not
so I think whatever the wider world may
think most businesses and other
organizations are genuinely trying to do
useful work create value for society
create value to their shareholders of
course you know and this is a tough
world we're working in all kinds of
industries are struggling to make it
through the competition the rapidly
changing technological environment
regulatory changes of its banking and so
on so there's a huge amount of very
difficult work that has to be done and
and using clever forms of communication
artful versions of the truth in order to
advance those goals there's nothing
wrong with that and it's very positive
procedure
it's very constructive thing to do if it
means that you're increasing the value
of that organization you're saving jobs
you're creating jobs so there's a
there's a very utilitarian argument for
a lot of this moving away from business
remember every country plays this game I
mean every country invents its own
history shapes it to forge a national
identity that we can be proud of and
there's nothing particularly wrong with
that I mean countries have done
tremendous things by building
mythological identities around battles
five hundred years ago or what we
perceive as some great empire across to
see that our forefathers built and we
carefully erased certain elements of
that and we you know we we talk so much
about all the good stuff that the bad
stuff is sort of lost in the in the
corners and I think I think we do need
to be honest about our histories but at
the same time I don't think there's
anything wrong with with encouraging
people to take pride in the good aspects
of national heritage national history
and for that matter corporate history
you
