there's a very exciting project of foot
which is to look and understand the
properties of the black hole that is
nearest to us the supermassive black
hole that is nearest to us and that is
the black hole at the center of the
Milky Way we believe from the motions of
stars right around it we believe that
the mass of the Milky Way black hole is
a 4 million times the mass of the Sun
and so there's this new project does
something that is quite bold which is it
uses attempts to use the entire Earth
the surface of the earth is a very large
radio-telescope dish and what that
allows you to is to resolve very very
tiny distances around the black hole and
we are likely to see the shadow of light
trajectories that sort of are skimming
around the black hole and there's a very
particular shape and we can actually
calculate that using Einstein's theory
of general relativity and this would be
a limit of the theory when gravity is
really really strong around black holes
so this would be a new test a brand-new
test of that regime of the theory which
hasn't really been done yet right now
Einstein's theory of general relativity
has been tested on cosmic scales from
this deflection of light and that's sort
of the week limit of the theory and the
strong limit is really around black
holes and so this would be sort of a
real definitive test of either
einstein's theory which seems to be
working really well in all the other
regimes that we've managed to test it
works or there's some small discrepancy
something new and exciting that points
the way forward to a new theory we know
that this theory is inherently
incomplete it can't be the final word
