there's this like procrastination porn
on the internet right now where
everybody writes these articles on
here's how you avoid procrastination or
here's how you be a doer and not a
quitter
I really can't stand that stuff because
it forces people do things that they
don't always want to do everyone's like
oh I got to get up and do my business or
do this or do this write a book well it
might be the case that your idea was not
so good and that's why your body wants
you to procrastinate and think about
other things so here's what I do I live
my life by themes and not goals no
matter what I'm gonna get this book
finished or this business started within
one year I never do anything like that I
always say I'm gonna have a theme of
trying to help people in this direction
so there are many ways I could do that I
could write a book I can write a post I
could start a business so I have many
things at any given point that I might
want to do at that at that moment I've
been working on my latest book so that's
been the thing I've been procrastinating
on okay I'm procrastinating on writing
the book well now that means I'll return
emails that I haven't returned in a
while I'll write a post make phone calls
I'll call my daughters your
procrastination actually will help you
be more productive
