is this an economic problem are we
having is there malinvestment or other
broad problems in the global economy
because of corporate tax havens probably
not very much because the point about
the tax havens is very little real
activity has shifted around I mean we
have all this weird stuff where people
shift stuff to to mean we had an alleged
23% growth in Ireland last year which
what seems to it mostly just shifting of
how stuff was labeled rather than
anything real and the point is the key
point Apple is saying we earned all this
income in Ireland and Apple owns a lot
of intellectual properties so it can be
ambiguous where exactly they're in guys
yeah I think the concern is in fact the
revenue and not just I mean remember
that governments have to pay their bills
so if they can't get it from
corporations if this kind of thing goes
on and one source of revenue dries up
then other things have to be taxed and
then you have real economic costs from
those other taxes how do you fix that I
mean Ireland clearly wants to maintain
its tax haven status there are rational
reasons for relatively small countries
to choose this strategy because they can
attract even at a low tax rate they can
attract some some fee income and such
how do you how do you stop them from
doing that well at the European
Commission they're a part of the
European Union and the European Union
has rules so it's it's a that's me to
some extent you do it by to the extent
you have supranational bodies they have
rules you can also have international
agreements we can put pressure on
countries that don't subscribe those
agreements mean this has been a
long-standing concern not just within
Europe we have the OECD has been pushing
this issue so the fact the matter is
that corporations can't for the most
part if if all of the major economic
powers say this is a no-no then this
could be very hard for them to run away
from it so we just need some
international cooperation on it
