please don't call them the alt right you
should call them what they are white
nationalist I would not dignify them by
giving them the cover of all right the
curious thing about these white
nationalists is nobody knows the exact
size because you've also got these sort
of troll accounts they're mostly
anonymous people who are linking
together on facebook and on Reddit and
other forums to say oh we love Donald
Trump we want to see the white race you
know rise back to prominence there's a
white genocide going on the Republican
Party is tolerant but after this
election cycle we welcome the departure
of the white nationalist from the
Republican Party what they're espousing
which includes hate and bigotry it's not
a Republican value it's not an American
value and I well I think they should
self-deport themselves from the party
