Donald Trump seems to have elevated
political trolling to an art form Donald
Trump's Twitter war knows no bounds now
I want to put up that tweet again this
morning from Donald Trump Donald Trump's
Twitter account has captivated the
country's attention followers have come
to expect pithy opinions controversial
retweeting and catchy nicknames from the
New York billionaire but the Republican
nominees feed isn't a hundred percent
insults and name-calling many treats
make campaign announcements and thanked
supporters and surrogates so Trump
doesn't only fire off heated aggressive
tweets right well maybe data scientists
David Robinson analyzed 1390 tweets to
try and determine when Trump or his
staff was actually tweeting everybody on
twitter made the same joke at the same
time which is Donald Trump is locked in
a bathroom clawing at the door while his
staff keeps his phone away from him I
know but he got too exalted he's working
off the theory that tweets from an
Android are Trump himself and tweets
from an iphone are from a staff during
an interview in 2015 the New York Times
noted that Trump uses samsung galaxy and
Robinson dives deep into the data to
uncover some key differences between the
iphone and android tweets that are
signatures of a user like time of day
the Android tweets primarily come during
morning hours while I phone tweets occur
later in the day retweets look different
to the Android retweets are often done
manually which surrounds the copied
tweets with quotation marks while the
iphone retweets are rarely done this way
pictures and links are different as well
iphone tweets are 38 times more likely
than android tweets to include a picture
or a link this fits into the theory that
Trump staffed right the iphone tweets
because many with pictures and links are
rally and event announcements word
choice highlights the differences
between the iphone and android users
hashtags and logistics are more common
in iphone trees colorful and charged
words however are more common in the
android ones Davidson's analysis
concludes that Trump is only writing the
Android tweets himself which is
certainly the more spirited and
aggressive portion of his accounts feed
