she has hatred or policies her policies
are bigoted because she knows they're
not going to work your thinks she is
personally bigger she is of course she
is Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees
people of color
only his votes not as human beings
worthy of a better future she's going to
do nothing for african-americans she's
going to do nothing for the Hispanics
you call last night Hillary Clinton
bigoted previously you called her
policies bigoted you directly called her
big in it which is a bigot because you
look at what's happening to the inner
cities you look at what's happening to
african-americans and Hispanics in this
country where she talks all the time
she's talking look at the vets where she
said the vets are being treated
essentially just fine that it's over
exaggerated what's happening to the vets
not so long ago how she bigger bigger
did it because because she's selling
them down the tubes because she's not
doing anything for those communities she
talks a good game she has hatred or
policies her policies are bigoted
because she knows they're not gonna work
sure thinks she is personally biggest
she is of course she is her policies
there her policies she's comes out with
the policies and others that believe
like she does also but she came out with
policies over the years this is over the
years long time she's totally bigoted
