President Trump thinks giving drug
dealers the death penalty could help
solve the opioid crisis some countries
have a very very tough penalty the
ultimate penalty and by the way they
have much less of a drug problem
this isn't the first time the Trump
administration has taken a tough stance
on crime Attorney General Jeff Sessions
sent out a memo directing prosecutors to
charge and pursue the most serious
readily provable offense and in the past
Democrats too have been proponents of
tougher sentences when you commit a
third Bahamut crime you will be put away
and put away for good three strikes and
you are out
but do longer and harsher sentences
actually work to deter crime I think the
general answer to that is probably not
Michael Taulbee is a professor of
philosophy at Cal Poly it seems to me
that most of the studies that have been
conducted have concluded that in fact
the severity of punishments doesn't have
a lot to do with the overall level of
crime so to give you just a couple of
examples the United States has
implemented since the 1990s a great many
mandatory minimums right so these are
laws that require that offenders be
sentenced to a certain mandatory minimum
usually the mandatory minimums were are
higher than what the offender would
ordinarily be sentenced with and the
studies that have been conducted on this
suggest that you know we have seen a
drop in crime but only a tough small
fraction maybe 5% of that can be
attributed to these mandatory minimums
these harsher sentences so what can be
attributed to the drop in crime over the
years in 1994 President Clinton signed a
three strikes bill it mandated life
sentences for offenders who had more
than two prior convictions since then
the amount of violent crimes has been
cut by nearly half however experts say
only a modest amount of the drop in
crime can be attributed to Clinton's
bill a Government Accountability Office
report in 2005 found that the biggest
reasons for the drop in crime or
increased employment increased police
presence and an aging of the population
to fully understand why harsher and
longer punishments don't really deter
crime toldly says we need to understand
how criminals think I think again we
assign much
significance to the probability of the
punishment occurring then we do to the
severity I take John for example John
wants to steal this Apple according to
Toby John isn't thinking about how long
he'd go to jail for theft but instead
he's thinking about whether or not he'd
get caught stealing the Apple to deter
John from stealing apples in the future
it might make more sense to increase the
probability that he'd get caught rather
than increase the severity of his sins
but with something as severe as the
death penalty be a deterrent probably
not except in a typical or very specific
circumstances it turns out that states
with the death penalty have had higher
murder rates and studies have shown that
if capital punishment has any deterrent
effect at all it may be too small to be
detected so why do politicians insist on
longer and harsher sentences when
there's no proof that they actually
deter a crime it's important to realize
politicians are vote maximizers Jim
Copeland is the director of legal policy
for the Manhattan Institute and so
they're not policy wonks who are trying
to go through policy studies and come up
with the optimal policy what they're
trying to do within their viewpoint is
is push policies that they could think
they can sell to their constituencies
and so being tough on crime is something
that has been a political selling point
by and large as criminal justice reform
gains popularity many worry that the
release of prisoners would lead to an
increase in criminal activity we see a
lot of red states that are trying to
reduce their prison populations and if
you do that smartly you can do that
without leading to an uptick in crimes
from 1999 to 2012 New York decreased
their state prison population by 26
percent while the nationwide state
prison population increased by 10
percent during that time the violent
crime rate in New York dropped by 31
percent while the national rate only
drops 26 percent New York accomplished
this with a combination of changes in
policy in practice
mandatory minimums were reduced and in
some cases eliminated
and parole approval rates grew
significantly so if politicians are
serious about being tough on crime they
should focus on catching criminals
rather than longer sentences
you
