you
you're hosting at Cedar Point which is
one of the greatest amusement parks in
the world in Sandusky Ohio but we got an
opportunity to bring five thousand
families to the to the park and be a
part of our reunion once again we
welcome our new third graders into the
program and this is our sixth year of
having it so we got our first group of
third graders now in the eighth grade
and now we just welcome in our new crew
of third graders so it's a fantastic
time for our foundation and for the kids
as well
why third grade well the statistics show
when we wanted to get into the
educational side of things
the statistics show that if the kids
fell back behind the third grade then
the the chance of them graduating was a
was a lot less than any other grade
would any other second or fourth or
first it started in the third grade and
that was the the notion to us to let us
know okay this is the grade that we need
to start out we need to get these kids
in the third grade and we've been
fortunate enough to be in our sixth year
now like I mentioned earlier now we have
our third graders who first started the
program or now in eighth grade and now
we have our new group of kids coming in
and it's been it's been warming for me
to see these kids really accept this and
one thing that just went viral is the
news that you're now suddenly going to
help these kids get four-year
scholarships to college when they become
of age so tell me about that well worked
very closely with the University of
Akron and I wanted to do something even
more special obviously we started off
with mentoring these kids the 3rd
graders all the way up into high school
and get them to a point where they can
eventually graduate high school but I
didn't think that was enough I wanted to
take it even more a step further than
that so part of what the University of
Akron where we've started another
program to where if the kids sustain a
3.0 grade point average something that
we feel like our kids can meet under the
circumstances that were given under the
supervision that we're given them that
they at the end of that road is a
college scholarship to help them get
into college and then they can take that
from there so
you know that's what we're hoping our
kids can do we know our kids can do that
and we're going to keep the
infrastructure around them to make sure
that they can accomplish that that's not
a cheap thing that you're offering here
it's about forty-one million dollars I
think yeah commitment it is
