on Tuesday November 8th America will
vote to elect the next president of the
United States but the votes of residents
in just a few states will likely be the
ones that really make the difference
under the electoral college system it's
the candidate who wins the most
electoral votes not necessarily the
popular vote who wins the presidency
electoral votes are divided between
states based mainly on population every
state except Maine and Nebraska award
electoral votes on a winner-take-all
basis if a candidate gets more than half
the vote in a state he or she gets all
of its electors thanks to public opinion
surveys and historical election data we
already have a good idea which candidate
will win in a majority of the states
here are the states that are almost
certain to vote Democratic and these
states are almost certain to vote
Republican so before anyone even casts a
ballot it's probably safe to assume that
Clinton will get at least 217 electoral
votes and Trump will get at least 191
the remaining states are considered
battleground states the states that are
often too close to call ahead of the
election according to the Real Clear
Politics poll averages as of the first
week of August Clinton leads in every
one of these ten states by varying
margins the states where she leads by
more than five points are Colorado
Wisconsin Pennsylvania New Hampshire in
Virginia winning just these states would
bring Clinton to 273 electoral votes
which would already mean game over for
Trump but what's the most probable path
to a trump victory
well let's stipulate he wins the five
swing states where he's within three
points of Clinton in the polls
Nevada Iowa Ohio North Carolina in
Florida that would bring him to 265
electoral votes
meaning he'd need to win at least one
additional state to take the election
his best bet probably Pennsylvania
although no Republican has won the state
since 1988 its western half has become
progressively more red over the last few
election cycles and the rural areas of
the state are home to many members of
trumps base of largely white
working-class men without college
degrees winning there would give Trump a
grand total of 285 electoral votes
but it's worth pointing out that Clinton
has grown her lead in the last few polls
in Pennsylvania and that lead is widened
a bit further when third-party
candidates are included Trump's wrote to
the White House seems very steep but if
we've learned anything from this
election cycle that anything can happen
