that's amazing the things you don't
learn in film school yeah really yes
it's like
some kid asked me today should I go to
film school would you say I said no not
that there weren't benefits to NYU film
school it was great
but it's so expensive it's better to
just start doing it because you're going
to fail the film school of failure or
fail school is even more educated
educational you know what we did for
five years is we've made wedding videos
Bar Mitzvah videos and local TV
commercials you learn how to operate a
camera how to mic subjects how to light
in varying environments we had our belts
full of batteries we knew had a charge
up we knew how to like download footage
how to mic something we're
self-sufficient one-man band and I
didn't learn any of that in film school
now it's amazing the things you don't
learn in film school yeah really yes if
you make a movie that it doesn't really
have to be good it just has to be
coherent it will find an audience
audience yeah and you will find an agent
and you will find work go make a movie
make a bad movie make a five minute
movie for a couple thousand bucks make a
bad feature for a hundred thousand bucks
and you'll learn plenty the industry
admires you going out and doing
something on your own like like once
you've made something even if it's bad
you've made something and that's that
that counts for a lot
