but I don't negotiate with my mind this
I run this in my heart and soul I don't
let the brain run I use my brain he'll
let my brain use me the easiest way to
deal with the fear of failure is to be
more fearful of not taking action to be
more fearful of settling for a life that
is far below what you deserve and what
you desire everybody has a place where
they get fearful it's just the human
mind it's there it's not that you're not
going to be fearful I think what it
really is is just again training
yourself to say I can be fearful and I
can do it anyway I don't have to get rid
of the fear I just have to dance with I
have to use the energy of it to move
myself forward and I found in the early
days I used to like when I try to make a
decision I would do what I called my
rocking chair test I took a helicopter
ride one time we're flying straight
across all the people bumper-to-bumper
no stop this is a way to live what would
it take to you know learn how to fly a
helicopter money time energy where I'm
going to fit all this in what would life
be like I'm 85 years old I'm in my
rocking chair and I flew helicopters and
I took my friends and family and took
the doors off Leif screamed down on the
water we lived this life where you could
go wherever you want the way you want it
was like wow I looked at what that life
would be felt it felt incredible and
what if you never learned what if you
come up with all these fears I don't
have time or other money I don't know if
I can do it I'm like a master it and you
let the fears dominate me and I never
learn to fly a helicopter I'm 85 in my
rocking chair and I look back on my life
and I missed out on all that but the
fastest way to deal with fear is do it
anyway you don't have to feel good to do
stuff that's the illusion make yourself
do it what I've trained my brain is what
I say do it we do it doesn't matter if
it feels good doesn't matter if it's too
cold doesn't matter if I don't feel it
doesn't matter if I'm fearful I do it
anyway and when you train yourself to do
it any way you ever free the most people
never have
