ABS ABS ABS ABS yeah yeah I went out and
got the five most popular apps at TGI
Fridays
it all looks pretty you know what you
would expect it looks like I'm at an
awesome Super Bowl party I think the
last time I was there was when I was 10
years old after it's the media you know
someone has a coupon or there's like
some sort of really cool special going
on mostly just when I go home for
holidays I go there once in a while I
will tell you what to get and you'll
just get it that seems fair right
mozzarella sticks I was kind of
expecting like that to be a little
cheesy err and like stringy I guess when
I bit into it mm-hmm oh yeah they're
very mild which is good because I have a
very bland palate boneless hot wings and
kind of like that it's not too spicy I
would say one of the better buffalo
wings I've had they're like this neon
electric orange yes these are the orange
guys double dip sorry next person these
are TJ Freddie's pot stickers these look
kind of wrinkled and weird like did HR
Giger design this pot sticker this is
good
why is that so good I kind of like this
I think this is really good the loaded
boat nautical hood butter cheese bacon
potato kind of thing my favorite food
groups yeah I feel like those are extra
potato II it's so good you know here's
the Tuscan spinach dip Tuscan huh
Italian I like the creaminess it's
pretty bland by itself it's a little
bland
potato boat thing is delicious and
amazing I'm gonna say the mozzarella
sticks I'm gonna say like the buffalo
chicken ton hello chicken one definitely
the buffalo chicken wing
I like the spinach dip I could see
myself eating this I'm gonna have to go
to the potstickers
I am completely surprised that they
would be good at TGI Fridays
