that's a satisfying sound isn't it what
could get better than that huh
refreshing Lacroix see this was always a
subject of some debate when we were
getting our Lacroix or Lacroix
you
it makes me excited like looking at the
can like it I don't know I feel like
very exclusive I would call myself an
early adopter of Lucroy I had it first
probably six years ago to me it's the
taste of sunset in Southern California
it's what this stuff is what I like
about it is that it looks and tastes
like a premium product but you're paying
way less for it then say Perrier
but you mean the cottage is the best
hands down it has the right level about
a bubble it has the right level of
flavor has no calories and you're gonna
end up happy these are little
firecrackers bouncing off my tongue it's
really enjoyable a lot of these waters
have a really artificial flavor but with
Lacroix it actually tastes like what it
says on the bottle like if it's
tangerine for example it tastes like
just tangerine juice essentially mixed
in with the water it really just packs a
punch you know exactly what flavor
you're drinking when you're drinking it
sometimes for other other brands you'll
drink it and you're not exactly quite
sure and then you're like okay I see
mandarin orange got it fun
other Seltzer cans are so boring they
have like an orange on like a white
background they put like effort into
this so I guess that's what makes me
want to buy it it's a little pinterest
can of seltzer so when you're drinking
it walking around it's a flashy CAD it's
beautifully done and they ask and it's
like a focal point and talking point of
conversation like what are you drinking
where did you find that one of the most
fun things about Lacroix is when you
stock up and when I say stock up I mean
you get every single different flavor
you put in your fridge Raider and it
looks like a rainbow there's this cult
surrounding Lacroix and I just remember
the day so it was a lot simpler and you
could just drink it for the enjoyment of
it it does not taste of the internet a
taste of a more innocent and simpler
