we are so delicious today creation for
us you know I know it works because
we're really saying that's like vegan
and what better way to celebrate than
with me mixed cocktails and basically
Jen I'm gonna get a little bit of a
background for sure so we were sick of
drinking vodka soda it's like probably
many other people and wanted a great
drink that didn't have a ton of calories
or sugar I'm also taking one diabetic so
I'm have struggled to find a great
contract so much of a cocktail is simple
here for a mixer and that's just
chock-full of sugar but realize no one
wants the extra calories so I really
want to create something that takes it
great and
I feel like it's kind of nice because
you feel like you can enjoy your dreams
more knowing you're not taking in as
many calories
now there's three flavors yeah very
tough spell so we have a cucumber mint
which is just super light and refreshing
for summer can't we have a ginger lime
which makes a great Moscow Mule and a
margarita and the great thing about all
of them is that they can all be paired
with any spirit of your choice or
actually just a club soda for a mocktail
over some water
great great great whoa let's get started
so the first one will be making tonight
we're gonna make a sangria first so
we're going to use the cucumber men and
I'm gonna use almost the entire bottle
like three ounces work and she's gonna
be the person that doesn't have yeah so
they're also they come in a single
serves four ounce bottle and they're
sold and workman basically for this
we're going to do equal parts wine and
we're using Rose day today and the
cucumber men so sleep for yeah she's
gonna go heavy on the line we're gonna
do red white and blue like berries so
really
so they can kind of yeah yeah it doesn't
really matter but for us we're gonna
stick with those strawberries
blueberries and blackberries just
because and you but you could put grapes
in there you could point apples you can
get festive and like cut them into
shapes if you really wanted to and you
could also do like a sparkling wine if
you want it or even just like a Seminole
blog and then we'll just throw these in
all in look at that it's super easy you
could make this in bulk to like in okay
sure so that cover we can either just
like help themself a number man hey let
me try it yeah you go first
don't make a face it's not good wood
like it's very light I think it's really
light it's great by the pool or kind of
after a long day watching a sunset or
just anytime day yeah and it's sweet but
not too sweet you know what I mean it's
like just enough oh that's really nice I
feel like for the cucumber mint is like
that flavor that's kind of like clean
and mellow so it's not as ever powering
so you can mix it with you know the wine
or even like a spirit like vodka like
it's so much I feel yeah I could give it
too much burn so much it was made with
gin vodka tequila any of the light
spirits
all right yeah we're gonna do a beer
cocktail max I know we're gonna use
spells over on but I mean anyone need
you you're just any kind of beat there
yeah yeah he's blue and it doesn't
really matter and we're gonna start by
muddling an apricot in the bottom and
guys feel free to comment and yeah what
are we what are we doing so we are
actually working with ghee mix it's a
zero calorie mixer and we're kicking off
July 4th weekend by making some
delicious cocktail we already tried
there's three flavors and we tried our
first flavor which was yeah thank you
ever do ever mint and now we're moving
on to are we doing the we're gonna do
the ginger line yes if you don't have a
muddler you can literally use any yeah
like itches it has a bottom everybody
yeah you can use anything you can you
know improvise so we did want apricot
you can use peaches whatever's in season
are like readily available and then
we're just gonna pour our now eat your
is the mixer is zero calories but what
about like the action of the drink now
so the great hacks have raising sugar
from the alcohol but so much of what
makes a lot of the sugar or calories in
a cocktail ready is the simple Sierra or
the mixer it takes out of a lot of that
does it go it's so festive
a lot of times when I love it I know
when you mix like beer anything
sparkling with fruit it's gonna kind of
overflow like that that looks delicious
yeah and you just put yeah all our
viewers probably wanna yeah take a break
that Birkin yeah I mean you don't have
to do it we're doing it directly in our
glass so that we don't have to like
dirty up like too many kitchen tools but
you can do it like you know you know do
it in a Jen what is the sweetener in the
mixer sulamita so we use a blend of mom
fruits TV on the retort all all-natural
zero calorie sweeteners with is your
glycemic index
okay yeah so now and they comment down a
little bit it's exactly no preservatives
going on the challenge to drink that
it's really you're like yeah it's really
good it's really good I'm gonna keep
going yeah your toxins are kind of
trendy right now and like I feel like
for fourth of July a lot of times you
don't want to do too hard
so like the sink Rios right this is good
got a little deal and that's why the
wheat beer is good to know like that's
like so easy and you really don't need
these exact fruits or like materials you
can really yeah whatever you have in
your kitchen or whatever your grocery
store has those of you who are just
joining us now thank you
and we just wanted to kind of reiterate
I guess where we're coming spera menteng
with today be mixed it's a cocktail zero
calorie sweetener here are you have a
comment red white and grew what do you
think and then I know it's kind of a
little hard because we're you're just
kind of measuring by sight yeah how
what's like a a PA a BB for some of
these like you just kind of go by what's
on them what if what you're making it
with like the beer or the or you know
the alcohol same thing with the calories
like the only colors are adding its what
you are adding aside from the mixer
right what makes your last face yeah
Radia margarita one
now we're gonna have now we're gonna add
the hard stuff in for those that don't
just when I do wine and beer if they're
this weekend yeah so it's what is going
to be the Firecracker margaritas can be
spicy
so we are going to take jalapeno and
obviously like you can just do this
however much spice you want I'm gonna
put three little slices is where people
get this by the way is it like online so
you can buy it online and we ship
everywhere for free or if you're in the
tri-state area you can buy it at Whole
Foods Fresh Direct mini-mart or directly
it would kind of be nice tooth they get
to try kind of all three yeah hard to
choose it guess which one it is you kind
of want to everyone worked or favorite -
yeah it's funny like some people like I
love the cucumber mint but you know some
people love the ginger line with the
marker
like if yours if you like sweeter stuff
it just depends and if you order behind
we do have a variety packs you can try
try your favorite all right so I'm gonna
she's doing it trucks a lot so
because obviously a lot of you probably
don't have shake your tunes and mother's
home yeah just ice is just ice and any
glass that you have in your hand in your
ass and we're gonna do an ounce yeah
exactly
I mean for this you can actually spice
it up too with more berries or like you
can you can add whatever flavor you want
if you want watermelon and put
watermelon and I don't like it's this
you know it's not limited to any one
thing and the great thing is you
actually don't need to add anything to
it you can just do the mix and tequila
and the mixer Fight Club really super
super simple you don't have to get
creative with it so yeah we did I did an
ounce and a half of the tequila and then
I'm gonna do basically double the
tequila that portion I'm gonna do it
with the the Phoenix margarita
so that'll be three ounces basically so
each bottles four ounces so I was just
gonna say yeah I would say you can get
two drinks out of a bag down two drinks
out of each yeah or one if you don't get
super strong it's that early kind of
however you want
I love spicy drinks like the jalapenos
and like if you were to do it with
berries then again like that would add
color or whatever but this I mean that's
pretty much it then I mean if you want
it to you can add club soda you know if
you want to there's so much if not too
much spicy it's not really know I even
have any I wanted to and I look but the
longer that the Halloween usident
obviously the spicier it's kind of gay
or if you muddle them you're gonna get
more spice out of them but I don't like
it so like overpower the oh my gosh
malicious cocktails it's really
refreshing to each and every one of them
but these are the be mixed zero calorie
mixers you could put in both different
drinks we did a couple different
varieties today before we go if you want
to just real quick just kind of go
through and explain yes yeah sure so the
first thing that we made was a summer
sangria sangria so for that we use the
cucumber mint be mixed and we used a
rose a wine but again you can use 7l
bunk you can use a sparkling at
sparklenose a and then we added
strawberries blueberries and
blackberries to give it the like red
white is really patriotic yeah you know
theme for the weekend
and then the second one we did was our
beer cocktail and that we use the ginger
lime B mix we muddled an apricot but you
know you can use a peach or whatever you
have in your grocery store your house
and then
so we fairway spells over on you could
do blue moon men but you kind of switch
it up a little bit when we put our
ginger lime in there and then lastly we
did the firecracker margarita uh I'm
going to adjust the jalapenos with the
margarita be mixed and a little bit of
tequila and again you can just pair
these directly with any fear you want or
just club soda it's really for you to
make it your own
yeah and mocktails too like you can add
such herbs any fruit you can add mint
basil you can infuse the bottles with
like lavender directly home bartender
because clearly like we didn't do
anything to for my baby thank you for
joining me so fun today
