former goldman sachs economist jim
o'neill is worried about superbugs
superbugs are bacteria that become
resistant to all antibiotic drugs that
means an infection that was once
treatable could become deadly O'Neil
recently led a detailed report back by
the UK government the report explores
how we can combat antimicrobial
resistance for diseases that could
develop superbugs in the future like
malaria tuberculosis and gonorrhea and
what will happen if we don't take action
now by 2050 the death toll could be a
staggering one person every three
seconds if antimicrobial resistance is
not tackled now this could cost the
global economic output up to 100
trillion dollars between now and 2050
but there are steps to prevent this
including reduce unnecessary antibiotic
use roughly 27 million Americans receive
unnecessary antibiotic treatment a year
improved diagnostics and treatment of
disease better ways to diagnose and
treat tuberculosis could save seven
hundred seventy thousand lives over the
next ten years increased vaccine
coverage fighting pneumonia with the
pneumococcal conjugate vaccine could
reduce antibiotic treatment of the
disease and children by forty seven
percent the battle against superbugs
won't be easy or cheap but a terrible
future awaits us if we don't fight if we
fail to act we're looking at an almost
unthinkable scenario where antibiotics
no longer work we are cast back into the
dark ages of Medicine
you
