the Chinese the Russians and even the
Iranians have the capability of
literally returning us to the Stone Age
we are in the middle of a cyber war it's
not coming it's not on the horizon it's
here and there seems to be no one in our
government which understands this if
they did understand it the Chinese would
not have been able to steal 21 million
records of every person who has worked
for the US government for the past 50
years the Chinese and the Russians how
do they get their talent they go to the
criminal organizations that do all of
the chaos and havoc in the cyber world
and hire them they're much smarter than
we are
hacking bad word the US government has
made them the enemy we need to hire
these people it's kind of like you go to
the mob to hire your security but the US
government's not going to do that
they're not going to hire from the mob
the Russians and the Chinese are more
practical they hire these people to
create their weaponized software we
don't do that we look within a
government which has become bureaucratic
and stagnated and think that a a process
which does not inspire innovate
innovation and creativity is going to
make us the premier a cybersecurity kind
of country in the world no it's not we
have been the world's power for so long
that it is inconceivable to imagine
America way behind the world in a
science which is infinitely more
powerful than all of our battleships and
nuclear weapons put together we are
blinded by our past history of success
