let's say you have a really big file
like a 45 gigabyte QuickTime movie but
you need to move from one MacBook to
another Apple Computer a file that big
exceeds the size limit of most free file
transfer services and uploading via
Dropbox could take forever seems like
your only option is to upload the file
to an external hard drive then transfer
the file from the external hard drive to
the other Mac but there is a way to cut
out the middleman turning the macbook
itself into an external hard drive
it's called target disc mode and it's as
easy as pushing one button make sure the
MacBook from which you want to transfer
the file is turned off before you turn
on the macbook press and hold the T key
then press the power key until you hear
it turn on you should see a thunderbolt
icon on the screen that means target
disk mode is enabled then using a
Thunderbolt cable connect the computer
that's in target disk mode to the
destination computer once you're
connected you should see an icon labeled
Macintosh HD on the destination
computers desktop now open that folder
select your file then drag it or copy
and paste it in to your desired
destination remember upon completion
don't forget to safely eject your
hardware
