being a psychopath that doesn't
necessarily make you a killer but it
also probably doesn't make you a great
spouse psychopaths are generally
narcissistic dominant shallow
manipulative and show no remorse
according to a recent study marrying a
person with these traits might be worse
for you than you think
researchers studied 140 married couples
every man and woman answered to
questionnaires one highlighted
psychopathic traits the other measured
how trusting close and anxious each
person felt toward their partner after
one year the subjects answered the
questionnaires again the team discovered
that anxiety and intimacy changed for
those married to people who ranked high
on the psychopathy scale women were more
likely to be withdrawn from their spouse
whereas men had higher anxiety of being
rejected the researchers do point out
that they studied married couples in
Quebec and say that couples who are
dating or living elsewhere might react
differently there's still a lot we don't
know about Psychopaths and the people
that love them
