I applied in the spring you go to
whitehouse.gov you have to write an
essay about a current policy or
something that President Obama or the
first lady has done that you think could
be improved and you have to say how they
definitely comb through your application
give yourself at least two weeks you
have to have people give you
recommendations the interviews were all
over the phone I talked with two
different people and got the sign-offs
from them and then you have to pass a
background check which is probably more
extensive than the application itself
you have to say any one foreign that you
know well that you visited we had to
take a drug test to make sure that we
weren't on anything and so they call you
in at random the first week or two and
you pee in a bottle and you don't hear
from them and if you do it's a very bad
sign but even staff that continue to
work there that have been working there
for years have to take drug tests pot
was just legalized in DC when I was
interning there and they sent a message
saying government employees should still
not be on drugs and the old policies do
continue it end up being one of the
coolest positions I could have ever
imagined
you
