New York City has 14 wastewater
treatment plants in total we treat about
1.3 billion gallons per day there are
about 8 and a half million people in New
York City all of their wastewater is
treated at one of the 14 plants here at
Newtown Creek the service area is about
1.1 million people this plant here at
Newtown Creek though is the largest of
the 14 plants treats on average about
225 million gallons a day we received
sewage from parts of Brooklyn a little
bit of Queens and actually almost the
entire East Side of Manhattan and lower
Manhattan right now at the lowest level
of the facility about 50 feet below
street level where the raw untreated
sewage enters the plant we have the
sewage passed through a series of metal
bars that are spaced about an inch apart
and those bars remove anything that may
get into the sewer system that could
clog up pumps or other equipment a lot
of the material we do see our sanitary
wipes which unlike toilet paper really
don't break down in the sewer system so
occasionally things wash up on the
screens that shouldn't be in sewer
systems fish we get Turtles we get
dollar bills from time to time a few
years ago there was a firearm that came
onto the screens NYPD got involved with
with that a lot of things that are in
sewage can't be physically or
mechanically removed they have to be
removed in other methods so we remove
that material here and we're called the
aeration tanks and in these tanks we
cultivate microorganisms that are
naturally occurring and they actually
consume organic material that's in
sewage and that's part of the what we
call the biological treatment process
here at the plant we're now at a part of
the process called the final settling
tanks organic material that has now been
consumed by microbes is heavy enough
where it can settle to the bottom of
these tanks and be physically removed
for later processing
obviously treating sewage from a million
people can be odorous so we do a lot of
odor control here at this plant all of
the tanks are are essentially covered
where there can be odors and that
odorous air that are trapped under the
covers passes through activated charcoal
which removes a lot of the odor causing
materials the organic material that we
remove from the wastewater is called
sewage sludge and we now have a couple
of processes for that material one of
them is called thickening rat the top of
one of the eight egg-shaped digesters
here at the plant we're about a hundred
and forty feet in the air gives you a
good view of the city the purpose of
digestion is fairly simple we want to
take the organic material that's in the
sewage sludge that's proteins
carbohydrates and break them down into
more basic components like carbon
dioxide water vapor and methane gas and
that's done here in these digester
you see here there's the last step in
the process we've added bleach to the
wastewater and it's leaving the plant at
this point and going down to an outfall
that releases the treated sewage into
the East River there are federal
regulations that require all wastewater
treatment plants in the country to
remove at least 85 percent of the
organic material that comes into a plant
this plant generally removes between 92
and 95 percent of the materials so we do
better than federal standards
