yeah just got back from the Costco food
courts to try the food and it was
actually really good it's kind of weird
especially being in Brooklyn where
there's like a hip cool restaurant every
block most of which I ran past to run
into this Costco to find its food
coordinates people have aware the
shopping huge shelves and everyone's
like grabbing big pallets of you know
bottled water and diapers or whatever
and all the way down by the checkout
counter is what appears to be like a
normal I don't even know if I'd really
considered a food court because there's
only one option that pictures the food
up on the sign which I gotta tell you
weren't the most appetizing but look at
the prices I mean this stuff is crazy
cheap I ended up getting the barbecue
brisket sandwich a hotdog something
called a chicken baked um a churro and a
soda and it cost 12:05 12:05 bit of a
red flag with the food is that sheep the
actual seating in the food court is very
reminiscent of my high school cafeteria
so naturally that stressed me out
incredibly I look at all this food the
main event was this barbecue brisket
sandwich it looks incredibly good you
don't know if you can tell but this
thing is thick like mmm like there's a
big boy right the coleslaw is whiter
than me oh man this thing was incredible
there was so much of it the coleslaw was
really like like crisp and tangy if that
makes sense
I was just go into town and I couldn't
believe how good the sandwiches and CIN
a Costco I bet a lot of like hipster
places in Bushwick where I live which
charge like $20 for the sandwich and I
would gladly pay it it was great next up
is the hotdog now not the biggest fan of
hot dogs but this hotdog was actually
really good look at it look at me eating
that dog the one wild card purchase was
this thing that's called a chicken bake
when I can tell it's like a really long
hot pocket man this thing was like
really good and huge a couple bites into
it and I was like yeah I could see
myself coming back just for this chicken
thing so to finish it off I got myself a
little dessert this churro
so Cinna me and simin any 'cimmanon a
cinnamony there it is
Cinna mini and sugary Jesus I love it
I felt a bit like a weirdo sitting by
myself in the Costco food court filming
myself eating then again the guy next to
me was buying like four cases of Splenda
so hey guys do you ever have to go to
Costco for I don't know a pallet of dog
food or nine cases of Splenda stop by
the food court and get one of those beef
brisket sandwiches you will now regret
it it's excellent
