fifteen dollars for a movie ticket is it
cool you know what's cool fifty dollars
Sean Parker the billionaire Internet
disrupter behind Facebook and Napster
now has his sights set on the movie
business
Parker's product is called the screening
room it would let you watch first-run
movies still playing in theaters in the
comfort of your own home it would cost
$150 for a set-top box after that each
movie would cost $50 apiece which
includes two additional tickets to
actually see the movie in theaters after
you screen it at home the first question
is would people actually pay for this
according to a Business Insider Twitter
survey with 1500 participants sixty-one
percent said no way that's too expensive
and only 14% said yes Universal Pictures
experimented with the idea back in 2011
when it charged $59.99 to stream the Ben
Stiller movie Tower Heist on the day it
came out in theaters according to the
studio the experiment failed
Parker already has a list of major
players who advocate its product Steven
Spielberg JJ Abrams Ron Howard and Peter
Jackson's evolved voice support for the
screening room now it's just a waiting
game to see if the studios and the movie
theater chains will play ball and who
knows how long that could take Netflix
definitely disrupted the entertainment
industry but it's not like people aren't
going to the movies anymore
domestic movie ticket sales in 2015 were
actually up 7% compared to the previous
year Thank You JJ so what I purchased
the screening room absolutely I know a
lot of other film fans who would to
people who have to wait weeks or even
months for certain limited release
titles to get to their markets in the
case of where I'm from Tuscaloosa
Alabama movies like Carol and Room never
even made it to the local multiplex you
had to drive an hour to Birmingham to
see those movies let's say you have four
or five buddies who all want to see
Carol the day it comes out and you split
the $50 price if you get enough people
together to split the cost like a lot of
people do with boxing and UFC
pay-per-views it suddenly makes sense
but there are some things that need to
be seen in the theater like the next
Star Wars and Avengers movies but if
they ever make a sequel to Carroll party
in my place
