I travel all over the world and and meet
a lot of leaders and I will tell you
that you know there's boom yous Minh the
Trump's doing so well keep in mind that
in Italy they actually elected mr.
Berlusconi who is you know by far more
cartoonish than Trump and actually less
substantive as a human being if you know
Trump at least is with I mean he marries
frequently and the same type but I
haven't heard of any Trump unga-bunga
parties going on recently where I mean
with Berlusconi it's really a different
story and also look III would say of the
last 24 tchen 100 CEOs I've met with and
spoken with in the last month or so
there's not one not one that would
change their investment strategy one
iota on the basis of who's gonna win the
2016 elections so I understand that this
is a two-year election cycle in the u.s.
I understand it's gonna cost over five
billion dollars it is a subversion of
everything we hold dear as a liberal
democracy and yet we really don't need
to get that worked up over it ultimately
you know Obama was a radically different
president than Bush and how much
difference did he make in terms of
policy the president is meant to not be
able to suddenly create a revolution and
that wasn't true with Bush it wasn't
true with Obama and it won't be true
with the next president irrespective of
who you elect look the most exciting
things happening in the United States
right now from from a legislative
perspective or happening at the local
level municipal and at the state level
some of those are moving towards social
progressive causes like for example
you've got states that are legalizing
marijuana
you've got states that are legalizing
civil unions gay marriage at the same
time you also have a move on States to
be incredibly Pro fracking to ensure
that the jobs are available locally and
that's not particularly socially
progressive that's more Pro industry and
more kin
servant but so what that's that's what
that locality wants there's a lot that's
going on in the US but it's not
happening in Washington in Washington
the parties are killing each other in
Washington you know Scalia just was
found dead and as a consequence
nothing's going to be done with the new
Supreme Court justice for a year and and
that really should surprise absolutely
no one if the Democrats were in charge
in the House and Senate they'd be saying
the same damn thing
