hello I'm victim i-i'm burger professor
of Internet Governance at the University
of Oxford and co-author of the new book
reinventing capitalism in the age of big
data the huge market platforms the
Netflix's and the Amazons of this world
they know a lot about us and we as
humans think that we are so original and
so creative and so unpredictably and
irrational when in fact we are much more
predictable than we think and so those
companies could conceivably use the data
that they have and try to influence us
not just in our buying decisions but in
our political decisions we've seen some
of that sinister tone in the discussion
about fake news on Facebook and the
targeting of fake news to particular
users of Facebook over the last six to
nine months so the obvious danger for
consumers is that that they become
transparent that their privacy and their
data is being abused or at least
exploited by those large platforms but I
see an even larger more sinister danger
and the sinister danger has to do with
the fact that those digital
recommendation engines those smart
assistants that are data-driven and are
proliferating on those data rich market
platforms these assistants are fed with
data from all of us
if these assistants have a flaw in how
they interpret data then every one of
the recommendations that they make will
be flawed will be biased and so we all
make the wrong decisions the beauty of
the market has always been that it's
been resilient if somebody makes a
stupid choice then the market doesn't go
down to two but that only works if we
are independent of each other if however
we all listen to the same stupid smart
recommendation engine we all may make
the same mistake it's like finding out
that your car has a brake that doesn't
work and everybody else's cars has the
same
break and this is the kind of single
point of failure that we may encounter
if we continue along the path of these
monopolistic structures if we believe
that the market is a really good social
innovation to bring people together and
to help them coordinate then we need to
keep them competitive and every company
that operates in the market and it's
getting larger and larger will be able
to offer their products at lower prices
that's called the scale effect if you
scale up that you can produce more
cheaply the counter force to the scale
effect of market concentration has
always been innovation that is that a
new company can come in with a great
idea and then topple the incumbent
because they just have the better idea
to use the problem now is that most
innovation in the future is going to be
data-driven it's going to be derived
from feedback data from consumers and
users so the companies that have a lot
of data will also be highly innovative
that will lead to an unprecedented age
of market concentration and if we don't
stop it now
we will find monopolies that combine
political and market power like we have
never seen before
you
you
