my father took his savings and started
this little tea shop a bubble tea shop
and started selling our food outside
because he was unsatisfied with the
money that he was making from bubble tea
alone I would hear stories like oh the
lines are crazy you know there in the
summertime people line up from the
basement all the way up the stairs
around the corner of the street to eat
our cold noodles
I think the hot moment came later when
we were sort of discovered quote unquote
by Anthony Bourdain's crew fulfillment
for no reservation this place was
unbelievable this place was great
at that point it felt like this food is
not just for Flushing this food is for
everything the secret ingredient to
champagne is food is now it's not
something crazy it's just it's recipes
based off of food that's found in Xi'an
so spices and sauces but adding some
things are not out of that might be
found nearby Jie that's sort of what
makes our product unique people have
served fallen in love with their dishes
and their flavors the family that
founded Xi'an famous really found their
roots and first made like a stand in the
United States very much deeply within
the immigrant community in Flushing in a
food court where the food was only
served to other immigrants from the same
parts of China where they knew the food
she I used to be the capital of ancient
China with the trading from the capital
city to the Middle East and you know
beyond a lot of different cultures get
brought back and assimilated into the
local culture and that's why I effects
the food as well as the people from
northern China brought a whole new range
of ingredients and flavors but also
styles of cooking which used a lot of
wheat based dishes particularly noodle
dishes and lamb dishes crisp chunks of
lamb seasoned with cumin dressed with
hot peppers and pickled jalapenos this
had to be like a most loved thing right
all that red distinctive taste of the
region as spicy and sour we're doing
mostly noodle dishes like flour based
dishes we do take hints of other flavors
such as flavors from citron where
there's like tingly from the Szechuan
peppercorn that type of flavor and spicy
comes you know show themselves a little
bit in our food I was born Chien and I
lived there for eight years until I came
to the US sometimes I would be able to
you know check out the you know the
street foods I did like the skewers I
did like you know the down pea like cold
noodles on the streets that's the only
thing I really ate and that's sort of my
memory of s yin and after that coming to
the u.s. it was like cultural shock
there is no more of that food the father
brought the recipes from China and built
up and Nina opened the stall and started
started the business the whole
immunogenic Asia - okay Tom Shulman you
he operated very frugally he didn't have
a computer system he didn't have staff
it was him and one or two other people
in the stores every day he only bought
food as needed he didn't have spoilage
he didn't have overstock of stuff so uh
really cut down on the costs I became
very excited because of the food that he
was serving I got to take my friends
that I get to eat there it's nothing
fancy you know as a food court and Jason
was somebody who wants to bring
Americans or modern American restaurant
business techniques to his father's
business and in doing that he sir broken
the mold of the traditional Chinese
restaurant and really found like a niche
where his restaurant can flourish what
he taught me was that bad things just
let it cool down for a bit it might turn
into a good thing and good things jump
on it do it right now so our numbers
have definitely changed over the years
you know from just locations alone we
came from one location in 2009 to where
is it now 10 or 11 you know looking back
reviewing the numbers over the years
we've our revenues have definitely grown
just as a benchmark our 45th Street
location last year was I believe
grossing around 1.4 million this year we
nearly nearly doubled that number
our average ticket is only around eight
nine dollars over all of our stores
because we're very fast and very casual
usually you could go in there by
yourself grab something to go so it's a
low you know average ticket but our
ticket numbers are very high almost all
dishes at Xi'an famous cost went less
than $10 making it in you know the New
York City food world a great bargain in
various stores store but I would say at
least
two to three hundred tickets at an
average store business stores 607 or 800
tickets a day I mean with generations of
other Chinese restaurateur is when they
expanded outside of China towns they
made the dishes bland to American tastes
but Xi'an famous hasn't like held
anything back and it's still you know
exactly the same recipes and that's
really really impressive our food sort
of translates through cultures mostly
because I think the timing is right on
people I've become a lot more
adventurous I think that this is like
the wave represents the wave of the
future in Chinese food not everyone can
make it in New York but once you do make
it in New York I think it gives you
extra confidence to make it elsewhere
