no I don't want to take a lunch meeting
ever he started making sure that
anything that I buy is black gray or
blue and so all of my tops match all of
my bottoms and it is amazing
like literally I get dressed in the
morning and all I have to think about
this my shoes it's like can I wear my
Nikes or do I need to wear dressier
shoes I hate getting up in the morning
like it just really is not my thing
but if I know that I'm going to meet
someone at a coffee shop
it makes it so much easier to get out of
bed because I look forward to seeing
them I look forward to trying whatever
new pastry they have that day and all of
a sudden it's like 10 o'clock and I'm
already at the office I'm caffeinated
and I've already had a productive
meeting one day I realized like no I
don't want to take a lunch meeting ever
because once I get to the office I like
to sit down and then make my to-do list
and then power through for the whole day
until I need to leave just get through
as many emails as you can in two minutes
each so I set a timer on my phone and
for two minutes and so if I don't think
that I can respond to an email in two
minutes
I just set it to the side I just skip it
but that way you know you're doing a
minimum 30 emails an hour but most of
them you realize you can do in like 30
seconds or 60 seconds because it's just
a yes-or-no answer and so all of a
sudden your inbox is mostly clear and
you haven't wasted a ton of time doing
it
