here's what it's like to stand on top of
a Hong Kong high-rise for a selfie
millions have watched their devils like
these many from Russia on YouTube and
other social media there's the famous
Russian on the roofs - OH
seen here climbing up the tower and
spring of 2015 and dozens of others like
this 18 year old blogger named Pasha
ecstatically trained sir just a couple
of months later videos like these have
been viewed more than 100 million times
across manner and these exploits keep
happening one day in 2014 16 year old
Justin cascade won World Trade Center a
teenager accused of a bold act of
trespass alleged crime occurred more
than 100 floors up in a New York City
landmark it's shocking and troubling and
I don't know how it possibly could have
happened months later a white flag
mysteriously appeared on top of the
Brooklyn Bridge in iconic landmark not
only in this country worldwide this is a
place where you think you would have be
top security bottom line there was a
security lab so while these stunts are
getting a lot of attention they're not
knew that somebody was petit petit a 24
year old Frenchman doing his hire wire
act 1350 feet up and no net below it is
men wanting to climb wanting to look at
the world from a different perspective
for him to fight gravity why did you do
this there is no why just because the
when when I see a beautiful place to put
my whack I cannot resist nearly two
decades into the 21st century with their
cameras in hand and their millions of
followers urban outlaws are staking
their claim across the world
our mission find out what the hell
they're doing to begin to understand
these modern Daredevils we started with
the man himself highwire artist Philippe
Petit do you consider yourself an hour
well yes of course now you continue to
be an outlaw in in many spiritual ways
yes and sometime in not so spiritual
ways
Philippe Petit walked between the World
Trade Center towers in 1974 is the
subject of an acclaimed documentary and
now a fiction film called the walk in
the movie you stood on the edge oh yeah
it's it's an amazing by the way that
little piece of steel it was a great
idea was not there but who cares it's a
great storytelling it showed that the
building when construction Ryan that
piece of steel that support was taken
away the one on which the the kid I call
him the kid Joe walks on when you were
cranking the cable yes sure you that was
on the edge yes I was on a very very
edge and I went down that crown dozens
of time doing that night sometime
jumping leaping like a monkey which at
some point we see in the film we see
shows that getting on the very edge and
jumping over it so I did that all night
without looking and you know was insane
do you ever think about that
no no never never it's almost the
opposite although the word death is
pronounced by people who look at the
wire Walker often but in my case I have
a life wish right not a not the other
whatever that word is that we don't even
use or know about by contrast
victory or death is the motto of Italian
Fight Team the famed on the roofs duo
they're just kids but they still know
all about the lead petits walk across
the Twin Towers
this must be like what you said to me
talk yeah the property a capitalist
question is the same a broken up
my daddy cannot release prize doors TV
show for survive
I shared with petite images of some of
today's most famous Daredevils urban
explorers do you think that there's a
parallel with the art that you've
created no absolutely not but there is a
certain kinship with what I do in a
sense that it's an expression of
exploring of freedom of daring for the
rules and all that you don't do not hurt
anybody by climbing a bridge or a tall
tower and then you know looking looking
at the landscape or even taking a
picture of yourself passionate resonant
content is what we're talking about I
love the idea of exploring the forbidden
and kind of getting pat you know up
ending what we think of as as taboo for
example I mean that's like the greatest
thing that digital media is probably
done for a lot of folks it was a little
different for Philippe Petit in 1974 how
are you gonna get people yeah to
experience your art craft he waded into
a rush hour on a Tuesday it's brilliant
that spectacle that is social media I
just love how they documented some of
the reactions of people on the ground
this is a video done by these two
Russian friends they go around the world
they climb buildings they go through
tunnels they dangle their legs over the
edge of skyscrapers and unfinished
buildings all across the world and they
get millions of views and David
Instagram channel and this is what they
do right
oh I'm getting dizzy oh I'm so dizzy
oh I'm serious I'm like I just want to
be like you boys like you're gonna get
hurt up there oh my god actually made me
dizzy how would you define that
experience it's activating all these
kind of like crazy primal responses and
us when I'm watching it we're getting
that adrenalin rush because the way that
they're shooting it with the the fisheye
lenses and you know it's giving you that
kind of dizzying experience we're able
to put ourselves in those shoes right
and and have this like totally thrilling
experience without having to actually
take the risk
18 year old photographer Hamza Dee's
burst onto the underground scene 2014
with these photos from New York City he
quickly became an Instagram store this
is DS photo and those are his dangling
feet on the cover of New York magazine I
try to capture things that most people
don't see within their city to show them
a new perspective because I think humans
just people in general love to see new
things do you think anybody considers
you to be someone other than artists
yeah people who don't who don't
appreciate art that see me as a
trespasser or just criminal no for me my
camera turned out to be a tool that was
a key that opened up many doors that
someone like me would never even have
access to I'll be able to see I grew up
gonna get a being so he does not that
many many options for people like me and
camera just gave you so many options
thumbs up it turns out was inspired by
the roofs guys Vitaly and Vadim I was
like scrolling through the internet and
I came across this one really cool video
but it's you guys were just randomly
climbing up this tower and then like a
light bulb went off in my head and I
said I haven't seen nobody shoot in New
York and from this perspectives I said
this is it I guess my work can be
original
if Instagram didn't exist would you be
doing what you do for the love of
climbing gradual buildings no but I
think that question is a question that
will remain unanswered for the next
couple of decades you know it's like if
these things weren't accessible to us
now like we're like who would Beethoven
be you know if the piano wasn't invented
how about the people who do think like
you the people who are on Instagram who
are trying to go to great lengths to
fake pictures before the art of it I
would say the people that I've seen on
Instagram doing similar things as me I
would say there's less than 10 but you
don't consider yourself an urban it's
war
Deas tells me there's a secret of the
subculture of more than 100 urban
explorers in New York City most of them
aren't on social media and most don't do
it for the thrill and you won't realize
that until you join the urban explorer
community how does one join the urban
explorer community it's like the Mafia
you got to get invited in I'm serious
the world of urban outlaws can be very
dangerous a couple of years ago this
German teenager was trained surfing with
his friends and ended up losing the leg
there are plenty of close calls and even
deaths but for some pushing the
boundaries purpose trumps risk New
Yorker Steve Duncan came out of nowhere
in 2009 with the viral video under City
now he's a leader in the new wave of
urban explorers Steve Duncan photographs
the water flows throughout the city to
educate New Yorkers about how we get our
water and where it goes a lot of New
Yorkers don't understand what happens
when they flush the toilet or run the
dishwasher where does that water go
that's an urban explorer who is on a
mission Duncan who is now pursuing a PhD
in urban geography recently took me
underground in New York City where we
are right now has to do with keeping
your basements and floods right now
people pay attention that sort of thing
only when we have something like
hurricane sandy and then they say oh my
god why isn't it working it's really
hard for most people to pay attention to
parts of the city that are invisible and
they're most invisible parts of the city
are the parts that are underground and
it's just because it's invisible
it seems really mysterious and and hard
to understand
I do feel a sense of responsibility for
because I love it I want to understand
it and I want more people in this Duncan
showed me what he believes to be a
natural spring built over during the
last century that's now bursting through
the exists
this is the spot where on old bat from
the end of the 19th century mid 19th
century through the end though it was
about eighteen eighties that's the last
time I see this water above ground this
is shown as being a swampy area with
natural spring so when I came through
this tunnel and I found this water
coming up free water forcing its way
through but I want to make sure of that
so I want to collect a sample of this
water and try to test it and find out if
it is city water supply water or natural
aquifer water Memphis I mean we thought
about it we don't talk about it as
cities being part of nature or
vice-versa
we talked about like either urban or
nature this is the case where it shows
that that no matter what even in a city
like New York nature is still part of it
and we're better off if we if we
recognize that right and if we ignore it
the real world is dirty and wet you know
and and through life and in totally
different way and so then when you
interact with it in a curious way
experience it and it becomes a lot more
exciting I'll tell you something though
that I think is really interesting about
the Instagram kids and what they do a
lot of times it seems like what they're
doing is different from what I'm doing
because I'm very much a nerdy grad
school winner of an explorer I approach
stuff as urban historian I don't think
that anybody can sustain a nerdy
interest in the deeper meanings of
things without having a love for those
things without being fascinated by those
places and things that's why I like what
these Instagram kids are doing and in a
broad sense because I think that if they
are getting excited about places excited
about the urban environment ultimately
that's good for everybody who lives in
an urban environment transfer their
passion exactly exactly
begin with individual passion transfer
that passion other people and that
passion took root and became a deeper
thing and what Philip petit does I think
and what the Instagrammer kids are doing
I think it's all also part of the same
thing which is physically interacting
with environments that can be born
without that physical in Iraq
there's a bunch of the younger but
explorers now who call me dad I mean not
consistently they make fun of me well at
least they don't call you grandpa
yeah sure that's coming like next year
keep boys it down again
so what the hell are they doing some
kids seek the thrill in the fame for
others and for society there's a lot
more to it in every era there are
artists who want to have a look at the
world differently you know you look at
Picasso and he wanted us to look at the
human face human body differently than
we perceive it face to face and so it
translates to Philippe Petit wanting us
to perceive buildings differently and
now instagramers or other urban
explorers who want us to appreciate our
city in different ways than we do
already rather than looking at eye level
at a building we can maybe see it from
the top it's wonderful that such people
got the inspiration from the man who
woke in the sky and it is it's a great
compliment for for me because basically
that's what all my life I've been an
advocate offices don't stay with your I
was going to say with your feet glued to
the as well that's a you know it's funny
metaphor for if you don't build but
anyway explore we need to go in places
that are either not made for us
you know like another planet or a
volcano arrival under the sea and why
not digging a tunnel or finding places
that are mysterious and secret so I am
all excited about that there's
interesting and fascinating quote that I
read it says life begins at the end of
your comfort zone I always try to push
myself each day to do something like at
the peak of my comfort zone or out of my
comfort zone so I can enjoy life enjoy
the moment you know just experience
something new on a daily basis you mind
if I read a quote no I cannot give a
child in me I cannot kill the child in
me I refuse the spirit is true there and
you know what I think that we adult
mostly we take ourselves too seriously
we should remember that we were kids
that we believed in fairy tale that we
played the game of trial and error that
we climbed trees that we build tree
houses you know I keep talking about the
height but anyway it is true it's very
important I think in life as you grow to
keep the innocence and maybe the the
ninth day of the children because it's
very important
