if you're shopping online use a credit
card not a debit card credit cards have
more robust fraud features and even
though debit cards are getting there and
debit cards are moving more towards zero
liability if someone has your debit card
they could well crawl into your bank
account if you get an email a
promotional email that seems to be
coming from a retailer that you're
familiar with or even one that you've
done business with before never click on
a link ever because two problems could
occur first that link could contain
malware which will turn your computer
into a transmitter so that means that
every time you log on that information
is being transmitted to the hackers and
the second thing is you could be going
to a clone site that looks very much
like the authentic site for the retailer
and you think you're buying something
and then you're entering credit card
information or let's say you even think
you're getting a store card from that
retailer because you're gonna get it
additional discounts and you're giving
them information like your social
security information and other contact
information don't do that if you want to
chop online and we all do then make sure
you go to the right URL which is the
right address and you can check you can
do research for instance to read reviews
each and every one of us is in the
crosshairs of an identity thief
you
