Ryanair is a budget airline and they
offer flights to countries all across
Europe and people use it just because
it's really cheap some of them are as
cheap as like 20 euros or 40 euros
roundtrip I would always see the news
stories about it being notoriously bad
and I was surprised to find out that it
was pretty bad with Ryanair if you don't
hold an EU passport you can't get a
mobile boarding pass you have to print
out your boarding pass before you go to
the airport and if you forget to do that
you have to pay a fee to get a boarding
pass printed out that really is mind
boggling because it's 2015 and most
people don't even have their own
printers anymore the color scheme is
really really ugly it's like bright
yellow and this dark navy blue is not
very appealing or easy on the eyes the
planes a lot of them don't have seat
back pockets so when you're getting
settled you just have to kind of like
keep everything from falling off of your
lap because you don't really have
anywhere to put it like a water bottle
or a book or whatever you want to have
with you in the seat because they don't
have seat back pockets they don't have a
place to put the safety cards with the
information about what to do if you're
playing like catches on fire so all that
information is just sort of printed on
the back of the headrest in front of you
I would say if you want to see Europe on
a budget it's pretty much your only
option if you're not like backpacking
and taking trains or driving cars around
despite all of the inconveniences it's
still worth it to save the money
you
