I remember back in the day when people
were wearing leggings in high school and
there were all of these fashion people
saying no no no leggings aren't a thing
but nowadays leggings are the thing for
a long time jeans were the most casual
thing you could wear jeans are what
people wore when they were lounging
around at home or when they were going
out on the weekends with their friends
and this generation is obsessed with
being comfortable they don't want it if
they can't have it their way lululemon
gap nike those are all the big brands
that you think of with leggings and
people are wearing them in lieu of jean
men and women are wearing activewear and
they're wearing it just to go out to the
movies or go out with their friends or
just run errands on the weekend or what
have you some people don't agree that
that's a good idea they say that's not
the purpose of yoga pants you should
only wear yoga pants to the gym but it
doesn't matter because they have become
so entrenched in our society it's just
what it is to be comfortable it used to
be a status symbol to have a certain
brand of jeans so you would wear your
gap jeans or your Jordache jeans or your
guest jeans now there's no real dominant
done a brand there's no denim brand that
people need to have in order to be
fashionable now it's all about you know
the lululemon pant you know that little
curve on the back of your Lululemon pant
that shows that you're cool and
fashionable
