your clients going away for ten years
less you give me that bull that's not
bitter at all it's actually copy our
building got hit with a plane and I see
ya the party ended right there yes yeah
that's other part I worked on the the
54th floor the second tower Goudy hear
ya did you evacuate that day oh yeah I
was there and then the first tower got
hit and we were like you know jostled
all over the place the first tower got
hit by a plane and we felt it in the
second tower and where was she she was
what I thought she worked in the 24th
floor the same South Tower and I didn't
know she was into work yet cuz she had I
left before you were in the World Trade
Center and you know it was those
incidences that forced you to move out
to the west coast be a stand-up comedian
I was uh yeah I worked downtown on 911
and uh and yeah was you know obviously
was a real eye-opening experience for
everybody
you
