right now it's a safer bet to bring back
and revive a store than it is to just
launch a brand-new one limited to is a
store for our girls and preteens really
early teen girls in the late 90s and
early aughts girls who grew up with the
Backstreet Boy posters on the walls
loved a limited to it have these cute
little doll tops that stretched out it
had these fluffy pencils at the register
that you'd want to impulse buy clothing
accessories all kinds of glitter it was
really popular back in the 90s and early
2000s limited to is my childhood
somebody bought the brand name and they
said we're going to reopen limited too
and everyone went crazy all of the
preteen girls that used to shop at
limited two are now moms so I can see
the store saying hey there's brand
recognition here and we just need to tap
into it I'm extremely excited I shopped
at limited - all the time when I was a
little girl and I think it'll be really
exciting to see what they do that used
to be my go-to outfit in middle school
for nostalgia sake I'm very excited for
limited - to return will I actually shop
there is another question because I am
no longer 13 now you have competitors
like forever 21 and H&M selling very
similar stuff and so they're gonna need
to come in probably at a lower price
point in order to be successful if they
just cater to nostalgia that could be a
fatal mistake because the women who shop
there aren't gonna be the ones will be
shopping there so they really really
really need to be careful with the
consumer and really make sure that they
know who their core customer is she was
born in 2002 she wasn't born in 1989
