most people would probably consider
language to be the product of thought
our brains generate an idea and we
express that idea through speech and
behavior but what if this linear
progression wasn't always true
what if inversely our use of language
influenced our thoughts and behaviors
this isn't exactly a new idea it's
something linguists and psychologists
have thought about and discussed or
discussed and thought about for years
but in a recent study behavioral
economist Keith Chen suggests that this
relationship between language and
thought could be affecting your future
retirement take a look at this chart on
the left several nations like Luxembourg
Norway and Switzerland save a third or
more of their GDP a year while on the
right countries like the u.s. Portugal
and Greece save less than one-fifth so
what is it about some countries that
make them more frugal than others Chen
thinks the answer may be language the
highlighted countries speak futureless
languages meaning they are forced to
grammatically differentiate between the
present and future when speaking for
example if I were telling you the
forecast for tomorrow in English
I'd say it's going to rain tomorrow
whereas if I were speaking German I'd
say Morgan Ignotus or tomorrow it rains
in a future language like English
speakers form of verbal distinction
between now and later by saying it's
going to or it will Chen thinks that
speakers who aren't forced to make this
separation subconsciously associated the
two and if you think identically about
the present and future you're probably
going to make smarter future oriented
decisions about things like say saving
money and the difference can be
significant to the Chinese who speak a
futureless language have saved an
average of 25% more than Americans over
the last thirty years and this doesn't
just go for saving money Chen also found
that speakers of futureless languages
make smarter choices when it comes to
health
they're 29% more likely to be physically
active 24% less likely to smoke and 13%
less likely to be obese so if you're
trying to beef up your retirement fund
or shed a few pounds maybe try speaking
Chinese
