order to chaos that's what ironing is
all about wrinkles are chaos ironing is
order all right we're gonna do some
ironing I have my iron my iron is full
of water it's set at maximum steam
setting and all the way up
temperature-wise and it's a great
ironing board because it's very
adjustable I can set it exactly the
right height which is about waist height
start with the collar right so we lay
the shirt down flat like this I've got
the collar flattened out like that take
the iron and I just press up the collar
just like that then I take the shirt and
I turn the collar over hit it with the
iron again nice and smooth with the iron
some gentle pressure now we move on to
the front parts of the shirt so you take
the the shirt and you stretch it a
little bit starting here with the seam
just going to work your way across with
the iron nice smooth easy strokes
applying really uniform pressure to the
shirt the point of the iron goes in
between the buttons okay so you move
over the other side now same thing
start with the seam side seam and come
across the shirt has a little placket
along here
all right you want to be able to get
underneath in there you can neatly fit
the iron the edge of the iron right in
there and go across the placket on its
own okay so then I usually do the back
the center of the collar right up here
is in the middle of the point at the top
of the ironing board you find a seam and
you work your way down from the scene to
the bottom of the shirt maybe on a scale
of 1 to 10 I'm coming across with about
a 3 if I get down here to a hard wrinkle
I maybe you take it to a 5 or a 6 we
have to just scooch it a little bit to
get the rest of the back in find the
seam on the side I'm going to line that
up with the edge of the ironing board
get your way toward this
working those wrinkles out I'm going to
use the other side of the board now same
thing the edge on the other side of the
board what a lot of people forget or
sometimes overlook it's the section of
the shirt in the back here again kind of
work on my way across working my way
across flip it around do the other side
okay so that section is done now we're
going to do the sleeve try to get it so
that the seam is right on the bottom
there's no extra material so you don't
have that flipped over alright so same
drill start in the middle kind of work
your way out to the scene and using the
point of the iron to get into these
little hard-to-reach places I'm going to
flip it over to the other side so what
you want to do is you definitely want to
pull out gently to the crease like that
just kind of look at it and then to just
sort of cap everything off I like to
iron the cuff it with the iron and just
kind of work your way around like this
see that roll it go to the other side
essentially just repeat the process
finish it up
and we are done that is a perfectly
ironed shirt
beautiful
