Statue of Liberty is a symbol of the
friendship and alliance between France
and the United States a lot of
immigrants who came into Ellis Island
went by it and I'm sure that they told
stories to their family and has been
handed down
Bartoli did his research he came up with
the roman goddess named Libertas which
led to her name regional name which is
Liberty enlightening the world it's only
1924 and she became a National Monument
did she become known as the Statue of
Liberty
the thickness of the copper is
two-and-a-half millimeters which is this
thickness right here the statute was
originally what copper color would be
over the years it started going to the
first stage of oxidation right around
1900 she would start to turn green and
by the time of the 50th anniversary in
1936 she was mostly green Ifill being a
bridge builder and knew the things how
to have some give to him or was going to
break and fold out she can move three
inches right or left during
hurricane-force winds the right arm and
torch can move up to five inches so when
I superstorm sandy came through she
stood there tall and proud and waved at
Sandy
well I like to talk about is her right
foot and they built her in Paris and
then when they assembled her here in
1886 workers went in and out of that
sole so it was one of the last places to
be closed up
that's an American woman shoe size eight
hundred and seventy nine so she got big
feet goes along with her 35 foot waist
that she has there under that left foot
are the shackles and chains a slave and
oppression that are being crushed and
that's one shows a part of her symbolism
which is she's taking you out of the
darkness of slavery and oppression and
with that torch held high leading men to
the light of liberty and freedom
