we provide a service that has been
exclusively reserved for rock stars and
celebrities and captains of industry and
we make it available and accessible to
the masses
the Corvis leader bell 407 and a new one
costs a little over three million
dollars we have an app for smartphones
and and I watch app that can you can
have a helicopter on demand in as little
as 20 minutes and we really use uber as
one of the benchmarks so our core
pricing day in and day out is similar to
what an uberx black car would be during
peak time in the PM rush or the morning
rush
the toreador travel is relatively short
the security is private it's very quick
it's an executive level you can go from
your vehicle in Manhattan into the
aircraft in a matter of minutes we can
be airborne almost instantly the ride
here is approximately six minutes as
soon as as soon as the helicopter lands
at JFK or at Newark a shuttle van pulls
up immediately
you walk 20 or 30 feet into the shuttle
van that takes you to your departing
terminal it is a group of professional
women going away for the weekend often
to Miami and a very identifiable group
of young professional guys going away
for the weekend to Vegas and who want to
start the trip off you want to start to
tip off in style
