one other person for you what is it like
to drink with the president I don't know
if I should answer that one either
he's like the nicest most relaxed funny
wonderful guy that I know he's a good
guy have a beer with you yeah and
obviously he was pretty good advice oh
yeah yeah he's a you see him hugging
everybody all inside saying that we are
I think best known for is the White
House beer and so we brewed the
first-ever beer in the White House an
issue the White House and we have three
kinds of honey ale a honey Porter and a
honey blonde and I have to say they are
absolutely delicious you know they're
brew masters and people brewing all over
the country in their basements and it's
really inspiring to see Americans are
taking more interest in food and what
they're consuming and we wanted to join
the party
and so we did it just like any other
family would any in any person in their
basement we got two five gallon carboys
two jugs and figured out our formula and
away we went
and it's been it's been incredible yeah
something that I had thought about but
all the other chefs as well we kicked it
around and got his sign-off and it was
great fun a good friend and the other
sous-chef Tafari
campbell he he's become really like the
brew master and he like he's got it down
to a science the brown and the porter
were the crowd favorites but they all
were tasty nothing better than a cold
beer on a summer's day
