working with contractors can be
challenging because there is no perfect
blueprint to how much things cost the
dirty little secret if you want to call
it in the contractors world is that you
can make up any price you want for a job
you really can if you want to prepare
yourself and put yourself in the best
possible position not to be taken
advantage of by a contractor go online
and start researching whatever the type
of job is that you're doing so if you're
doing a bathroom for instance don't just
ask a contractor to come in and shrug
your shoulders and say I don't know I
just want my bathroom fixed because then
the fact that you have so little
knowledge on the topic will give them
the freedom to potentially raise the
price and try to get more money if you
spend five to ten minutes researching
bathroom renovations and bathroom
terminology you can actually have an
educated conversation with a contractor
when they come in and instead of just
saying I don't know I kind of want the
toilet there and I think a shower should
go there that's a situation where the
wrong contractor may try to take
advantage of you versus if you found it
a few terms and a contractor comes in
and you said look I'm thinking we need
to put a new toilet flange on this side
and I'm looking for a left drain tub on
this side all of a sudden boom is gonna
put any contractor right in their place
where this person knows what they're
talking about they know how much it is
to move a fixture they use the word
flange right just something simple like
that that's gonna keep people in line so
an extra five minutes can go a long way
you
