did anyone ever spell the President or
firstly I'm sure somebody has but not
that I know of
my major thing was always time because I
was doing all this other work I would
look up and realize like oh my god
I like I need to have dinner up there in
like 40 minutes and I was in a meeting
and I have to like race to the White
House and rip off my tie and code and
just start cooking as fast as I possibly
could and I I never missed has never
late but it was some close calls that
I'll tell you that so what was the
kitchen like kitchen was very small it's
an historic building and back in the day
state dinners had like 30 people you
know they were much smaller so the
kitchen was much smaller so now when
chef Chris who runs all the state
dinners you know she has to put on
dinners for 350 foreign people out of
this team you know kitchens not much
bigger than this room worth to be honest
it's pretty remarkable there's a small
kitchen upstairs that's smaller than
most American kitchens batini and that's
where we sort of finished off all the
food for them
