today we are gonna make a classic
cocktail the old-fashioned what we're
gonna do is we're gonna put a little bit
of a fall spin on it we're gonna use
some allspice DRAM we're gonna start
with Elijah Craig 12 bourbon one of my
favorites we're going to be using some
Angostura bitters gary Regan's orange
bitters as well we're going to use some
brandy cherries and a little bit of
brandy cherry juice also some simple
syrup we're gonna start off with just a
dash of simple syrup so we're gonna take
our Angostura bitters I'm gonna do two
to three dashes of that two to three
dashes of Gary Regan's orange bitters
but a little bit of brandy cherry juice
in there and it just mix that in there
it gives it a really nice sweetener
we're going to take two ounces of the
Elijah Craig 12-year old bourbon and
then we're gonna do an ounce of our st.
Elizabeth allspice Stram we're gonna use
one ounce on that and we're gonna hit it
with a little bit ice and then stir it
for about 20 to 30 seconds I'm gonna
take my chilled
is I just like to coat it a little bit
with some orange zest and then take a
large-format cube which has been made in
a mold taste that
that's delicious put that right in there
strain it with our julep strainer and
then last but not least we are going to
use a brandy cherry and there you have
it that is a fall old fashioned
