I've combined my two passions economics
and Game of Thrones to come up with an
economic analysis of Westeros I scoured
the pages of the first five books to
find clues about the financial situation
in the Seven Kingdoms here's what I
found first of all the iron throne needs
to get its finances in order
the card has been spending and
accumulating debt unfortunately none of
the spending has been invested in long
term growth the throne spends on lavish
parties and jousting competitions and
has ongoing expenses due to the war of
the five kings in book 1 Ned Stark says
the Mad King left the Treasury flowing
with gold and Littlefinger has managed
to increase revenue tenfold during his
time as master of coin yet somehow the
crown is over six million golden dragons
in debt it has three million dragons to
the Lannisters 2 million to the iron
bank of Braavos the most powerful bank
in the known world and another million
to the Church of the seven the Crown's
sizeable income barely covers the
interest on its debt and seriously has
already suspended payments to the bank
and the church seems to me the
Lannisters are gonna need a new model
based on the unsustainable debt dynamics
of the Iron Throne
it seems the probability of default is
high which means the iron bank is no
doubt getting restless
but if Tommen wants to stay on the
throne or rather Searcy wants to keep
him there he's gonna have to keep
fighting for it which is going to be
expensive since more debt isn't an
option the throne has increased taxes
the crown has imposed a tax on the tens
of thousands fleeing to King's Landing
Tywin even loved it attacks on the
brothels the other option is printing
money which is difficult with a
commodity based currency but there is
some speculation based on a few pointed
lines in books 2 and 3 that Littlefinger
was printing more coins by diluting the
amount of gold in each though these
statements could be attributed to little
fingers incredible business acumen but
there are two sides to every golden
dragon coin debt isn't so bad if the
economy is growing but there isn't any
good news here government spending can
sometimes lead to growth if the gold is
spent on infrastructure capital
investment in public
but that was not the case the Iron
Throne went into massive debt throwing
parties and fighting a civil war the
Westeros economy is based on agriculture
and has little by way of international
trade the people of Westeros reap what
they sow which has been less and less
lately ever since the mountain ravaged
the Riverland farmers have fled fields
have burned and equipment has been
destroyed and the fertile lands of the
reach have been cut off from King's
Landing and not to mention winter is
coming and though most of us are too
young to remember the last winter I
think it's safe to say it will make
farming extremely difficult so all signs
point to financial instability and
negative economic growth we've already
seen food prices increase in King's
Landing with winter ahead and
expectations of even less supply food
prices will continue to rise however
expect the price of services to fall
unemployment is high
I suspect the supply of prostitutes is
on the rise and discretionary spending
has evaporated for most of the kingdom
which means the price of some
companionship will go down there's only
one positive I can see coming out of
this mess if that House Lannister is
likely to lose most of its wealth and
power the iron bank of Braavos is known
for getting its due and they aren't
going to simply write off the debt of
the Iron Throne they'll step in and
support someone else to take over the
throne provided the usurper promises to
honor the outstanding debt this is
doubly bad for the Lannisters not only
would they lose control of the throne
but the throne owes the Lannisters
millions of golden dragons a debt which
is unlikely to be honored if someone
else takes the throne by force so at
least something good will come out of
the impending crisis of Westeros House
Lannister will be hit harder than anyone
which will make winter a little bit
warmer for the rest of us
you
