there is scientific investigation of
humour you know people think it's that
gonna ruin you Murr well a scientific
investigation of sex right last I looked
people were still having sex not me
personally but other people
so the science of Europe there there
actually has been a lot of work on what
makes something funny lots of different
theories I don't subscribe to any one
theory in particular but when I look at
all of them
I see they make sense so one of them
which as part of the picture is called
benign violation which means that for
most things that we really find got
funny we've got to think both it's wrong
and right at the same time it's
something wrong like there's a great leo
column cartoon where it has a doctor and
a doctor saying to the patient you'll be
awake during the entire operation
the anesthesiologist is on vacation
that's not good
I knew then it's a joke we knew it was a
joke to start with it's letting us deal
with difficult feelings conflicted
feelings by using laughter and humor as
a way to a sort of emotional regulation
to make it okay that doesn't mean it
can't be terrible it also can be
actually there can be volume err and
racist humor and all of that another
idea is simply that incongruity things
that don't go together where it's a
little bit hard to say okay what exactly
is wrong about that so Matt if he has a
cartoon where it's tranquil gara
you know the iconic picture of Jaguar
but he's got a Bart Simpson t-shirt and
most people will laugh at that is it
wrong the right I don't know it's
mashing up to things that really don't
go together
often there's incongruity that comes
together with meaning and in the jargon
of numerology that's called incongruity
resolution which simply means you get it
another idea about humor that I find
interesting is like the simplest idea is
just surprise surprise can engender fear
Oh
laughter and they're all breathing
responses and surprise is always
negative for an organism which means you
should always predict when you're
surprised you should initially bet on
being bad if it turns out not to be bad
then that relief will cause laughter
throughout our day were filled with
tension with the conflict we're dealing
with all sorts of things laughter and
humor gives us a break and enables us to
cope so the truth is most of things you
laugh at aren't drugs when you talk to
people and they talk to your friends
note how much your laughs the laughing
really
usually you're laughed every five or six
minutes your lamp 30 times more
frequently when you're with people then
alone so it's clearly it's a social
response so part of that laughter and
social is just bonding and why do we
have to bond well because we're a
species that both has to collaborate and
compete at the same time collaborate and
compete that's a tension we're
constantly involved were constantly
involved so laughter and humor and even
seeing the absurd is sort of like a
social lubricant which makes it sound
dirty but it's not it's actually okay
