the Academy Awards gets it wrong way
more than they get it right I mean look
at the list of some of these best
picture winners crash Shakespeare in
Love Chicago I mean come on and they'll
probably get it wrong again this year
and that's not a knock on the nominees
but I can't believe they didn't even
nominate what I consider to be the best
movie of 2014 the interview and I'll
tell you why yes I'll admit the pic is
partially motivated by politics the
filmmakers made a classic piece of
satire in the tradition of chaplains the
great dictator in Kubrick's dr.
Strangelove both of which were nominated
for Best Picture the interview
definitely paid a price for taking risks
the retaliatory sony hat cost the studio
millions and ended at least one
high-profile career but to Sony's credit
they made the movie anyway and what they
may it is one of the funniest comedies
I've seen in years I've seen it three
times now and it gets better every time
my favorite line of the year liking Katy
Perry and drinking margaritas is gay who
wants to be straight oh not me bor-ring
another reason it's my pick for best of
the year is that it provided me with
what any piece of entertainment should
escape it was New Year's Day my alabama
crimson tide had fallen to Ohio State
crushing our hopes of winning a national
championship when the game ended my
friends and I immediately rented the
interview on iTunes and it helped it
helped me forget
and that's what movies are supposed to
do somehow the Academy missed that this
year but I sure as hell didn't
you
