the Fifty Shades trilogy is published in
more than 50 languages and it sold more
than 100 million copies worldwide so
it's highly likely that whether you know
it or not your girlfriend and the
majority of the women that you pass on
the street have probably read the book
and it's sequence and just in time for
the movie adaptation I read it to all
500 plus pages of it but before you buy
the book or a movie ticket here's what
every guy needs to know about Fifty
Shades of Grey
it's the story of a young college
student named Anastasia Steele who
enters into an S&M oriented sex centric
relationship with a handsome young
seattle-based billionaire named
Christian Grey Christian had a previous
S&M relationship with a middle-aged mrs.
Robinson type while he was a teenager so
he's got some issues the book is written
by Al James which is actually a pen name
the British authors real name is Erica
James and the book reportedly started
out as a piece of fanfiction revolving
around the popular Twilight series
James fills its pages with titillating
descriptions of Christian and
Anastasia's encounters many of which
involve bondage and Submission all of
which Anastasia has consented to through
lengthy contracts that are transcribed
in the book verbatim but I assume that
most readers didn't read Fifty Shades
for a deeper understanding of the sexual
psyche they read it for the dirty bits
and for the idea of Christian Grey he's
rich he's good-looking he has strong
game via email and text and perhaps most
importantly he's controlling or to use a
word frequently seen in the book
dominant in fact here's Anastasia's
description of Christian from page 429
truly I am a marionette and he is the
master puppeteer
I took an informal poll of some ladies
in the bi office and all of them said
that they'd prefer to see the Fifty
Shades of Grey movie with a group of
female friends instead of seeing it with
a guy on a date but if you guys do get
roped into going you can always even the
score about getting her to consent to
going to see Hot Tub Time Machine 2
