this really acted as a pretty
traditional home even though it is not a
traditional home for me and my brother
especially when our parents were
together when my mom and dad separated
and my dad bought the mansion next door
he broke down the wall and my brother
and I went back and forth between both
properties my parents kept us sheltered
from adulthood like any other parent
does we were kept away from the parties
while we were growing up when we were
younger you know we weren't
participating when we were 12 years old
at the Midsummer's party at the mansion
like any other 13 14 15 year old if
you're upstairs and your parents are
having a Christmas party you're gonna
sneak downstairs and you know try and
figure out what's going on and why
you're not invited to the party yeah I
had some of those nights you know with
my friends and I'm not going to talk
about it though because I'll probably
get in trouble for my parents
I'm Cooper Hefner and I'm going to take
you on a tour of the Playboy Mansion so
should we go to the pool now or
so we are standing outside of the grotto
which from the outside looks like a
large rock island structure but from the
inside looks like a cave
it's funny because it's such an iconic
place and obviously the whole world
probably sees it as one thing which is
this mecca for orgies but the reality is
is for me it has always represented this
sort of Indiana Jones Adventure because
when I was a kid there was none of that
going on and I was swimming around here
and that's what it was to me we are
heading to the game house which is my
favorite place on the property this is
just sort of the ultimate hangout for
when I have friends over this is the
best place to host people what kind of
music do you keep in there oh you know
all the classic hits Miley Cyrus Ariana
Grande
nope Wow really that real classic hits
Frank Sinatra Paul Whiteman I don't even
know who that is Glenn Miller don't know
who that is
no we have an iPod dog thankfully so
it's a little bit for my dad and then a
little bit for me I'm the iPod
functioning guy my dad still actually
really loves his music so what is that
room back there that's the van room I'm
sorry the van room van yes so the the
room was was designed to actually look
like the back of a 1970s van there's a
mattress underneath the floor so it
feels as though you are literally
walking on a mattress it's one of my
favorite rooms it's a nice place to come
and spend some time with your friends
you could imagine this was the greatest
place to play hide and seek in the
entire world when you're younger
we also have a private Zoo permit so we
have everything from African cranes to
flamingos to peacocks
these are squirrel monkeys and I'm
warning you now that they get very
feisty when you start feeding them many
of these animals are actually rescued we
get phone calls from people all the time
who have purchased exotic animals and
who don't know how to take care of them
so we take them cockatoo in elementary
school we used to actually have field
trips up to my house I did not realize
that that was bizarre but we would have
field trips up here and our animal
Department at the time would take all
the kids in my class around there would
be about thirty of course their parents
joined them because they wanted to be
here as well that was one of those
things that you don't realize is really
weird until you get older and then you
go wait everyone's not going to everyone
else's house for a field trip
