we think we have wormholes figured out
on paper so Einstein s general theory of
relativity which is the our
understanding of how gravity works on
the universe says that any presence of
mass or energy will warp the fabric of
space and time and so you can think to
yourself
imagine warping space and time in such a
way that you can cut a portal from your
location in space and emerge in another
location in space so these wormholes
which we can describe on paper we don't
really know how to make them and if we
did know how to make them we wouldn't
know how to keep them open equations
show that they are unstable you might
step inside and then it would collapse
down on top of you and who know whether
that's a good thing or not it's probably
not in interstellar they like went into
black holes and through wormholes with
high confidence that they would survive
but that's where the storytelling kicks
in and the physics ends I mean it's
science fiction so a black hole is a
region of space within which light
doesn't come out nothing comes out if
you fall in you don't come out and but
it's a hole in the three-dimensional
fabric of space so it means you can fall
in from any direction normally when we
think of a hole like you remove a
manhole cover there's a whole industry
you fall through the hole you come out
the other side and you can look and see
where you came out if there is a hole in
space you've fallen from any direction
you end up in another place and if that
hole connects to another place then you
have a wormhole combining the two places
that you might have fallen in and you
get a black hole by a very extreme high
concentration of matter and when you
have that high concentration that
gravity right in the vicinity of that
continues to go up and up and up then it
reaches the threshold where light does
not escape that's when you would call it
a black hole the Sun will never be a
black hole but there are stars in the
night sky that we can identify that when
they die and they run out of energy to
hold themselves up the thermonuclear
fusion and their core ends and the total
gravity of all the material that star
overcomes everything else that would
other
sustained it and it collapses down to a
singularity a black hole so you want to
avoid black holes really at all cost
