if I'm traveling through the universe
and I see a black hole coming I'm going
there okay and interstellar they had
Matthew McConaughey interacting with his
timeline so the premise was you go into
a black hole you have access to these
higher dimensions but starting back in
ordinary life we have three dimensions
that we're familiar with on a grid you
might think of it is what's Street in
New York what's Street what haven't you
and what floor in a building that you
might meet someone these are three
coordinates that you would give remember
however that anytime you've ever made an
appointment to see someone yes you are
yes you are would not give a time
without a place nor would you give a
place without a time so the actual
coordinates to meet someone require four
numbers basically four coordinates three
space coordinates at one time George you
never said to your friend I'll meet you
at 10 o'clock tomorrow where you never
saw I'll meet you at the corner of 33rd
and 3rd when we know intuitively that we
need a space in a time coordinate
combined in order to have life unfold in
any meaningful way so the idea that we
live in four dimensions should not be
surprising to people we take it for
granted actually but the difference is
that we are not prisoners of our
three-dimensional space I can walk left
and right I can jump up and down I could
walk forwards and backwards
and I can repeat that I can access all
points of my three-dimensional space yet
I am a prisoner in the present forever
transitioning from the past into the
future I have no access to the past I
have no access to the future and so if
you go to a higher dimension it's not
unrealistic to think that you step out
of the time dimension and now you look
at time as though we look at space so
very questions that we have very
statements that we make about our lives
make no sense in that higher coordinate
system you can X when was I born well
you're always born when did I go to
college you're always going to college
when did I die
you're always dying and so if your whole
timeline is laid out in front of you
then you have access to it and you can
jump in at any point relive it we don't
know yet if you can interfere with
events that quote have already happened
if your whole timeline is just already
there what does it mean to jump into it
and then change something if it's
already there so these are fascinating
questions that make great fodder for
science fiction stories and we don't
know what's in a black hole so take it
and run with it we look out in the
universe and 85% of all the gravity
that's out there has some mysterious
unknown source we add up all the stars
the galaxies the planets the Comets the
black holes
