it's happen all of us you stand up too
fast and you see specks of light
floating in front of your eyes seeing
stars can throw you off for a second and
you move on with your life but what
causes that dizzying moment it's all
about a lack of blood flow when you
stand up normally blood flows to and
from your heart circulating around the
body so when you're standing blood
flowing from your legs is battling
gravity and when you're sitting it
doesn't have to when you switch between
sitting and standing too fast your heart
can't adjust to all that extra pumping
making your blood pressure fall behind
just for a split second and in that
quick moment blood and the important
sugar and oxygen it carries aren't
getting up to your eyes fast enough that
makes the retina the part of your eye
that detects light start to shoot off
signals to the brain without any light
actually causing it but don't worry it
only lasts a moment and it isn't usually
a signal of any disease the stars swirl
for just that split-second before your
heart adjusts to fighting against
gravity once again amen and two out of
five women will be affected by hair loss
by the time they're 60 so what causes so
many of us to lose our dues man lots of
things can spur hair loss from
