I'm doing what I enjoy doing it's like
other men like to play golf so they play
golf every chance they can see you don't
say to him how come you're playing golf
today you played last week was the same
with me to me it is such fun creating
characters writing stories and when you
do something that you know the fans seem
to enjoy that gives you such
satisfaction you don't want to stop
believe it or not I almost never have
been stuck on anything writing comes
very easily to me everything else in the
world is tough but writing I don't have
any problem with that I can't write fast
enough to keep up with what were the
things I want to say I know my father
the poor guy it was during the
Depression and he was out of work most
of the time so his life was shorter and
it was because there was nothing really
that he was doing that could interest
him but I think if you do what really
excites you it just keeps you going as
long as possible
and when you do something that you know
the fans seem to enjoy that gives you
such satisfaction you don't want to stop
