- the thing with with shreddies is
they're they're meant to be eaten crispy
but I like them I like them soggy so I
have to pour the milk on my shreddies 15
minutes before I actually eat them this
is a glamour of the glamour of the
morning anchor jump is standing by
yourself in the dark at 3:40 so it all
starts in - at 3:05 a.m. that's when my
first alarm goes off ideally that's the
only alarm that goes off shower had
breakfast and gathered my things by 3:40
you know never been a coffee drinker I
call a car so this is when I catch up
with our producers and I'm just trying
to get 10 minutes of reading that on the
way into the office by 4:00 that's the
case tomorrow in New York one
and then it's it's a whirlwind of
talking to the producers about what we
have ahead for the day and warning were
there any cronuts yesterday any cronuts
come back here yesterday is it too much
to ask
going into makeup having my my morning
chat with Jamie Stelter by 4:30 I'm here
at the anchor desk and we really get
into production of our news wheels at
that point you've been watching New York
one news first residents of one Harlem
high-rise it's part of our look at the
mayor's first hundred days the police
commissioner wants a policy in place a
pattern and then he's continues in just
a moment this is the other reason that I
make sure I have a good breakfast at
home and I'm rare kids one once I'm up
here I'm pretty much cemented here for
the next five hour I'm feeding the news
we all needs of that particular moment
on the other hand I'm reading the papers
because I've been entrusted with the
responsibility of summarizing the favor
since I started in this chair in
September of 1997 look at some what's in
the papers on this Wednesday one I'm
gonna start with elf they're really from
4:30 to 9:30 I'm the sole presence at
the anchor desk 9:30 roma Tory comes in
to take over our midday shift and then
at 10 o'clock I'm on the subway on my
way out of here go home and climb into
bed for my afternoon nap I'm super
protective of my afternoon now can't
wait to get to this part of the morning
what happens if you don't get your
afternoon nap though that never happens
you know I'm probably on my crankiest
when I wake up for my afternoon nap if
I'm if I snap at you in the next half
hour it's the lack of sleep talking so
now we're going back to the subway and
then we're headed to WABC for my radio
show at 5 o'clock 17th floor up there is
WABC so we're just before 4 o'clock
we're headed up for the pre-show meeting
and then we're live with the ride home
at 5 o'clock
I like to invite you to a 77 WABC
alright let's take a look at some of the
stories that have caught my eye in the
past 24 hours things I've been watching
today oscar-nominated actress is joining
us now we're back to do it again
tomorrow Maureen 5:57 now a news coming
up next to the top of the hour 6:15 now
done with the radio show we're gonna
jump on the subway head home spend some
time with my family and then do it all
again tomorrow
