I'm here with Liz Ann sonders from
Charles Schwab chief investment
strategist so can you tell me what's the
current state of the US economy and
where is it headed so we have had a view
since we put out our 2018 outlook that
we are late cycle and but I think it
requires a bit of a qualifier
I think it's later in time terms maybe
not so late in temperature terms or you
know later in calendar but not character
whatever you know fun way you want to
describe it that said I think we are now
starting to see even some of the
character of the economic cycle suggest
that we are are late not just a function
of how long this one has gone on I think
we are maybe not yet in but moving into
the third out of four phases of the
economy when you first come out of a
recession you have accelerating growth
but still decelerating inflation and
that allows monetary policy to stay
really loose and then you move into the
phase where both growth and inflation
are accelerating but the Fed tends to be
earlier in their cycle so it doesn't
choke off their recovery I think we have
to be mindful of a move into the third
phase which is where growth decelerates
but you still have accelerating
inflation and it puts the Fed in a
little bit of a trickier spot because
they may have to continue to tighten
into the inflation problem potentially
all the while growth is slowing and that
tends to cause a shift in market
behavior to where you start to see more
defensives lead and a little bit more of
a value focus by investors so I just
think we should be on the lookout for
that possible transition and and what do
you think it for the market look at
where our stock where our stock
valuations and how much of it has to do
with the economy overall valuations are
not excessive some of the longer-term
measures things like the buffett model
market cap to to GMP certainly things
like Schiller's cape i I questioned the
value of that as a short-term market
indicator but I think it tells you that
long-term returns are unlikely to match
what they've been say in this cycle so
far
but we're not in an environment that
allows for valuation expansion in fact
much has been said about the huge surge
in earnings that we've seen this year
which is probably not over but
valuations have actually compressed this
year and it's not just because the
market hasn't rallied as much as profits
have increased I just think the overall
background conditions are not supportive
of an environment of valuation expansion
which in turn means you need to continue
to see decent earnings growth to support
the market because you're not going to
get it by the background that suggests
valuation expansion can happen on its
own and and earnings still look great
I think we have to be mindful of a peak
in the earnings growth rate not a peak
in earnings but a peak in our earnings
growth rate and a worry that maybe the
expectations bar has gotten set a little
bit too high and or extrapolated too far
into the future and what is the
relationship between economic growth and
the stock market this I must say this
represents in my mind one of the biggest
mistakes that investors often make at
inflection points in both the economy in
the market so we we we're all taught
about the market as a leading indicator
and it tends to move in advance of big
shifts in the economy bear markets tend
to occur in conjunction with recession
but they tend to start before a
recession by nature of the fact that the
markets a discounting mechanism almost
always at a market top the economic data
is fantastic which is why I have one of
my kind of catch phrases for for years
decades has been when it comes to the
relationship between economic
fundamentals in the stock market better
or worse matters more than good or bad
so understanding that it's rate of
change
it's the markets ability to sniff out an
inflection point an inflection point
from really great growth to weakening
growth by definition is the top of the V
and when you're there the data looks
fantastic same exact thing happens at
market bottoms March of o.9 look at the
economic data was absolutely atrocious
but we know in hindsight that the market
was saying yes it's atrocious but from
here it gets better and I think too
often investors focus on the level of
economic data without understanding that
its rate of change when you
start to see a rolling over keeping an
eye on the leading indicators and what
they're telling you and that's what I
think investors miss as they say well
how could we possibly have trouble in
the market GDP is strong unemployment
rate is low retail sales are strong but
look at any major market top and look at
the economic data and it's always great
and we're and you think that we might be
an inflection point for economic growth
and for earnings some measures of
economic growth I think we could be at
an inflection point and some of it is a
function of what's happening in the in
the world of trade so we have been in a
healthy acceleration in the capex cycle
in part due to just the length the
strength of the economy there was a need
basis for it given that our stuff is
really really old and then we got the
kicker from tax reform on both the
corporate side and the consumer side so
that set in sort of the next elevation
in the capex cycle but unfortunately
some of the leading indicators of that
survey base but also you know hard data
base suggests that there's a little bit
of a pause happening right now not
across the board but by many companies
who say we're just going to wait and see
what unfolds here in the in the trade
and tariff situation before we continue
to commit to these long term capital
investments so I think that's that's a
component of it that is not just based
on where we are in the cycle but this
this added wrinkle of what's going on
with trade housing is another one we've
started to see some faltering in housing
and although it only represents about 5%
unchanged of GDP the ripple effects into
the economy are important I think we
have to be mindful of that we've seen
this huge surge in consumer confidence
that's great but consumer confidence
Peaks and I don't know that this is a
peak tend to correspond with with stock
market Peaks - so this is not run for
the hills
I've not become a you know I've not
moved from being bullish on the market
to bearish on the market I just think we
have to be extremely cognizant of where
we are in the cycle and and have kind of
a checklist of things to look out for
and so what are you telling investors
what what should investors be doing so
from it from a tactical perspective we
late last year we
did what I would call neutralized our
equity recommendations so we make broad
recommendations for our clients that
would like to hear our tactical views in
the context of a strategic portfolio
long-term portfolio what neutralizing
equity exposure means the three asset
classes equity asset classes on which we
have recommendations our US equities
developed international equities and
emerging markets equities and we
neutralize those basically all three at
neutral which is not a bearish position
but just tells investor don't take undue
risk beyond what your normal allocation
would be to those asset classes and then
more recently just a couple of weeks ago
we effectively did the same thing with
in the US equity allocation we
neutralized the secretary
recommendations where we had had three
outperform ratings three underperform
ratings we kind of wiped two of those
out by moving to neutral in the case of
the outperform it had been healthcare
technology and financials we move
financials and technology down to
neutral and we just have health care as
an outperform so that was reflecting a
need to not take undue risk at this
point in the cycle without that overall
de-risking that we would do by lowering
overall equity allocation or or doing it
more defensively in the sector
recommendations and what do you like
about healthcare and what's the concern
about tech the concern about tech was
very had very little to do with sort of
company fundamentals and more to do with
with valuation and momentum
characteristics and a little bit of a
concern that given some bit of
narrowness in where the leadership was
that we just wanted to reflect that in
the sector recommendations and we we've
had a long and very successful
outperform rating on technology so just
felt that the idea toward rebalancing
can be reinforced by recommendations
that we might make at the sector level
and that's the other thing that we've
been telling our investors that you can
talk about the short-term tactical
shifts all you want but ultimately
there's no free lunch in this business
and the the key factors that anybody
should focus on regardless of
environment are the tried-and-true
disciplines around thing like you know
have a plan be diversified rebalance
around it it's kind of a boring thing to
talk about if you're out doing a three
minute hit in financial media they don't
want you to talk about rebalancing the
beauty of rebalancing is it forces you
to do what we know we're supposed to do
we've been taught to do which is buy low
sell high I left to our own devices we
tend to do the complete opposite and it
means you don't have to worry about you
know which pundits gonna have the right
market call whether it's yourself or
somebody else you're listening or
reading listening to a reading your
portfolio tells you when it's time to do
something so it was more about
reinforcing don't let your winners just
run to a much much higher weight in your
portfolio because at the point it shifts
and it will and we will hit an
inflection point you don't want to be
kind of left holding a bigger bag and
what is what's good about healthcare
right now so we actually moved our
rating to outperform in healthcare
during the initial uncertainty in the
current administration with regard to
the Affordable Care Act and felt that
the sector was the ultimate Baby thrown
out with the bathwater
there was just so much uncertainty that
that I think analysts and investors
stopped doing company the company
industry to industry work within that
sector so to some decree it became a bit
of a value story at the point we we
raised it from from neutral to
outperform right now we think it
represents a number of interesting
factors it represents a bit of Defense
and we started to see over several
periods the summer that shift away from
those you know high-growth leaders
toward more defensive you so utilities
kind of pick up in our performance you
saw it in real estate investment trusts
and health care I think just represents
it represents a bit of a value play but
it still has a growth story it's got a
restructuring story broadly and it's got
that kind of defense without just
hugging the bond proxies which are also
not likely to provide the kind of upside
and what's the single biggest risk do
you think to the market that could force
a correction faster than expected
I think if to the extent you don't
believe we're already in a trade war
which I think it's hard to argue where
we're in a full-on trade war and we're
seeing appropriate steps being taken
with in NAFTA with Mexico and Canada
and the EU but clearly things are still
quite tense with regard to to China I
think if we were to continue to head
down a slippery slope toward a trade war
I think that represents of the things we
know right now
ie there's always the exogenous shock
you know Black Swan I think that's a big
risk kind of second to that we're seeing
some fractures within the emerging
markets we've seen it in Turkey more
recently Italy I do think that this
environment is somewhat reminiscent of
the late 1990s I don't think we
imminently have a long-term capital
management type blow up but to the
extent that this starts to fester what's
been concentrated in just a couple of
countries and becomes a broader crisis I
think that will it will infect all high
risk markets as well so those would be
the two things in the near term that I
think could sort of rock the ship a
little bit
