this is the oldest traditional meal in
the East End of London this is it
this is it and it hasn't altered but as
far as I'm concerned about alternate
I'll get the same from our chat in in
Smithfield every week there are
informative links so they come from the
rear end of the side of the animal their
idea was chewing me I can't tell you how
good the meat is it is superb Edwards in
Smithfield
it was my great-grandfather who put the
eel sauce the parsley sauce which is
predominantly a fish sauce with the meat
pie thank God it works that was it
that's really tasty yeah you can tell
it's been made fresh the other toe holds
up really well yeah the parsley sauce
the liqueur is is interesting actually
it adds a nice bit of freshness to it
and the matches work can't really go
wrong with mashed potatoes really good
it's an interesting texture definitely
tastes the jelly the unit itself is nice
actually it's like a little bit of a
chewy fairly fishy flavor not too bad I
definitely come back it's it's pretty
cheap you get a lot of food for your
money also it's just a bit of a slice of
history really definitely worth checking
up
years ago use that place is called spit
and sawdust here it would have I think
guarantee would have been for where
people spit their buns on the floor
and we don't even mention the G word in
here
you mentioned the G word and you're gone
you are absolutely gone it does not come
with growth it might be up north or
wherever it is but here the traditional
view is PI and meth and parsley sauce
liquor that's it
you
