live concerts are a multi-billion dollar
business and billions more are being
made on the ticket resale market but
before you can think about buying or
selling a ticket you usually have to log
on to Ticketmaster a self-described
service and Technology provider that
helps venues and promoters but butts and
seats one ticket broker I talked to said
Ticketmaster had the ability to withhold
inventory based on demand which makes us
five minutes sell out by bands like u2
and the Rolling Stones a little
misleading but Ticketmaster says that's
baloney
they say the venue and the artists
control the inventory they're able to
sell and that brokers are just angry
they don't have a clear shot at buying
up all the tickets no matter who's right
they're making piles of money meanwhile
I just want to see a great live show
Justin Timberlake is coming to Barclays
center so I logged on the minute tickets
went on sale the best available seat
Ticketmaster had for me was a seat in
the lower bowl price two hundred and
eighty eight dollars and fifty cents for
high demand events like this one
Ticketmaster doesn't let you use the
interactive seat map they say it slows
down the ordering process which can be
pretty slow as is but there are ways to
get an edge number one join a fan club
if I join Justin Timberlake's Tennessee
kids I would have gotten a presale code
giving me access to even better seats
before the general on sale number two
credit card pre-sales companies like
City and American Express offer premium
ticket pre-sales and then send it for
doing business with them
number three going rogue do a Twitter
search for the artist you want to see
and include the words presale and code
to see if some generous soul has posted
a working code to work for me
otherwise you're going to be stuck
sifting through the leftovers available
during the general on sale period which
in the case of this JT concert didn't
last long
