welcome to the Taiwan or penthouse suite
we are 52 stories high 700 feet above
Manhattan oh and before I forget you
need to take off your shoes please the
Taiwan of penthouse is $45,000 a night
it's non-negotiable it's North America's
most expensive suite we're one of the
top five expensive suites in the world
here we are in the living room because
you will see this beautiful chandelier
it's 4 foot in length and you have 120
fiber-optic lights gorgeous views you
can see Central Park the Taiwan a
penthouse took seven years to build the
cost to build it was 50 million dollars
and it comes with all the bells and
whistles you have a 24/7 Butler at your
service you have a chauffeured
rolls-royce all the food and drink all
the champagne and caviar that you could
ever imagine as part of the suite so now
I'd like to take you into the library
it's a gorgeous room and one of my
favorite things in the library are all
of this guilted bronze that you'll see
we commissioned Claud the lawn and we
spend five hundred thousand dollars not
only with all this gilded material but
if you look up into the chandelier it's
pretty spectacular and don't forget if
you love to play the piano the bows and
Orpha piano comes with the suite and
it's beautiful as you play the piano
overlooking
and then you have the beautiful spa area
where you get your personal trainer and
all the massages that you can wish for
as you walk into the master bath it's
like no weather as you'll see this
infinity tub has the best views of
Manhattan the master bathroom that all
is built with clad crystal so our owner
mr. Warner went to the quarry and bought
out pretty much the entire quarry to
build the bathroom now we're going to go
from the master bath to the master
bedroom the bed is a Hastings bed it's
sixty-five thousand dollars one of the
most comfortable beds you'll ever sleep
in and one of the most interesting
things about this bed is the 22 karat
gold thread that's woven throughout the
bed cover another wonderful piece of
this room is the wall coverings and this
was assembled in Italy and then created
in Paris and then sent here and then an
artisan came and hand placed each piece
and a cost a million dollars
and of course the greatest feature of
the Taiwan or penthouse suite are the
amazing 360-degree views at $45,000 a
night it's worth every penny
