so we can finally get excel on your iPad
which is really exciting the actual
application is free to download you can
pay for a subscription to Microsoft home
for about 99 dollars a year that allows
you to edit in Excel and do all sorts of
things so first let's talk about the
free version which allows you to view
spreadsheets in Excel and it's really
beautiful I have to say you can navigate
really easily
you can turn gridlines on and off you
can resize things it's very easy to use
in the touchscreen you can freeze panes
and I see no reason that if you use
Excel at all that you wouldn't want to
download the free version I downloaded a
subscription here so I can actually edit
inside my spreadsheets Microsoft did a
really good job of making this really
easy to use in a touchscreen so here I
can insert a row I can type in a formula
and when you check out the actual
keyboard that Microsoft made for Excel
it's perfectly made for any functions
that you might want to use but going
down and finding my data is gonna be a
little more difficult so I have to scan
all the way down with my fingers you
can't use any shortcuts which is the
major problem for me because shortcuts
is what makes Excel really easy to
navigate macros don't work in either the
read-only version without a subscription
or the or the paid version you can't use
macros but your data validation your
drop-down menus that all works and your
data will update and again it's it's
quite beautiful pretty easy to put a
chart in and insert a bar chart here
okay big drawback you could only save
your Excel spreadsheets in Microsoft's
onedrive or on your iPad and you can
also email them but you can't use
Dropbox or Google Drive which a lot of
people may have a big problem with the
free version I would definitely have on
my iPad if you have the subscription
then you can do most things in a
spreadsheet that you could do on your
actual computer but I don't think that
I'll use it enough to pay $100
