we're going to take a deep breath in on
the exhale we're going to lift all the
way up airplane down and taking your
head towards your knee from here I want
you to look out as if you're looking on
stair riser and then you're gonna slowly
come back let's try that again so we
lift
welcome to the horizon from here we're
going to slowly take your right leg back
into a lunge and you're in this position
nice and strong think of plenty now you
must stretch out through the hamstring
from here we're going to lengthen the
hips up toes come up take your head down
to the shin around over just like a cat
now we're going to try to rotate towards
that front knee rotate so you're going
to feel the openness in your back
openness through your chest and you're
pressing your hips down to the floor
remember breathe in that pose taking
deep breath come back to Center now
we're going to pass through into a plank
position you are pushing away from the
floor you're drawing your scapula down
and you're reaching out to the crown of
the head the abdominals are lifted if
your overextend you ating like this you
will lift up the pelvis or the pelvis is
in line we have shoulders come back into
that lunge wrote a press that powers
boards and breathe and breathe hold it
there try get that hip down a little bit
further and try and rotate this look to
that back hand from here we're going to
come back into that plank position arms
are shoulder width apart pull down into
your plank position now you're in here I
want you to drop your knees down to the
floor and then bring them back up again
your focus now is on your core your
abdominals
let's just do a couple more Shh send
your hips up to the sky come into like a
downward dog now is a key for this to
try and press the heels down to the
floor and your chest toward your knee
now I want you to prance you can do like
a little walk through those heels most
of us can't get our heels down to the
floor so our goal is to try and get the
heels down to the floor
four three two one press down and then
walk your feet to your hands bend your
knees rolling through the spine exhale
bring the legs together down one more
time exhale all the way up and then down
good job you guys just completed a great
workout ready for the day
