perhaps is the most fun game to play on
the casino floor
it's the only game I play and has great
odds if played right the pass line is
the only bet you really need to
understand to play craps place your
chips on the pass line before the first
roll on the come out roll the pass line
bet pays even money if the shooter rolls
a 7 or 11 you lose your money if the
shooter rolls craps
if the shooter rolls any other number
that number becomes the box point and
the dealer will turn over the marker to
the white side that says on and place it
on the box with that number the pass
line bet will pay out if the shooter
rolls the same number before rolling a
seven but if a seven is rolled before
the box point you lose your pass line
back once the Box point has been
established a player who has made a pass
line bet can also take on an extra wager
that the box point will be rolled before
a seven this is the best bet in craps
because the house has no edge so casinos
will limit how much you can bet here
relative to your pass line bet most
casinos allow what is called three four
and five times odds this bet pays true
odds so it is in your best interest to
max out whatever the casino will allow
don't be a jerk avoid the don't pass and
don't come back this is essentially
betting against everyone at the table
and will not make you popular you can
completely ignore the rest of the table
these bets can be fun but the house has
a larger edge and you don't need to
touch them to look like a pro
