CrossFit is defined as constantly varied
functional movements acute at high
intensity
we vary the the stimulus of the
exercises that we're using so we want to
be strong it a multitude of different
things like weightlifting like running
and rowing like gymnastics type things
and we also vary the time domains or
energy systems that we train those in if
you think about running something as
short as I got 40-yard dash or a
stretched out it's like a 5k or a 10k I
want to be efficient at all those things
well sometimes mix and match those
things where weightlifting becomes not
just weightlifting but we might use
weightlifting for a conditioning effect
as well like in classic weightlifting
world you'd use like you know single rep
clean-and-jerk we might do a bunch of
clean jerk and workout and Bob with
running and then a gymnastics component
like pull-ups or something that folks
are in and out of the gym in an hour and
spend instead of spending a whole bunch
of time doing a bunch of different
things and it's a generalist program so
CrossFit for most people unless you want
to be specifically like a marathoner or
specifically a weightlifter or a power
lifter if you just want kind of broad
and inclusive fitness and I think
CrossFit is the most streamlined way to
get there people tend to workout at kind
of comfortable levels and had they have
their routine and they do their same
thing and they're not really adapting
because the stress of the routine is not
high enough to adapt to it so just from
a physical standpoint cross what will
bring high intensity whether that's to
be a load or speed or something like
that the other side of that is kind of
the community aspect of CrossFit and
that's that people will come to the gym
and it's not just you're not really
amongst a bunch of strangers with your
headphones on you're talking you're
engaged you're making friends you know
people's names as opposed to a class
that a regular type of gym well you
might you know grab your dumbbells and
grab your box and stand in the corner
and I talk to anybody we kind of foster
a community aspect or the job
