this is the ELR and it's Cadillacs first
electric car the problem is it starts at
a whopping seventy five thousand dollars
making it the most expensive car in the
luxury brands fleet so what makes the
ELR so pricey we've come to Detroit to
get Chris Thomason the car's chief
engineer to explain hey Chris how you
doing good thanks for coming along so
we're here in the cadillac ELR it's
Cadillacs first electric car but it's
not a pure electric car right it's
actually what we references an
extended-range electric vehicle so you
have the opportunity to run about 37
miles on a charge or simply just
seamlessly keep driving for about
another 300 miles or a total range or
about 340 miles before you either need
to refuel or recharge as time allows so
why did cadillac decide to build an
electric car with cadillac art and
science it's kind of been the warp and
woof of what the brands been about for
quite some time now so it was really the
next logical step to take some of our
highest award-winning propulsion
technology and combine that with an
absolutely stunning provocative styling
statement the base price of this car is
around seventy-five thousand dollars yes
no matter how you look at it that's a
lot of money I know it's a luxury car
but how do you get to that point it's an
all-in type vehicle the base vehicle has
all LED lighting headlamps taillamps
as far as the cut and so interior the
leather the premium materials that's
based on this car it's extra on the
others
the Tesla Model S roughly the same price
point so if I came to you and I said I
have seventy five thousand dollars to
spend on a new car what's the argument
from Cadillac for buying the ELR well I
think just to start with you have to
recognize they're two different vehicles
you're looking at what I've now come to
coin is range freedom
the ability to use the car as your
lifestyle dictates as opposed to having
the car have some dictation of your
lifestyle
