I've lived in each raid for like the
last 52 years my life pretty much all my
life 40 years I've been a lifelong
Detroiter
San the city shouldn't have done what it
did but you know it was run by very bad
administration's for 20-some years it
never gave inner city and core city a
chance and it's easier to demolish
things than to repair or rebuild
something the city could be a lot better
than it is right now that it's being
portrayed - it's a lot of good people
here Detroit has amazing people the raw
talent here is incredible the skilled
talent here is amazing business
opportunities for the city are probably
stronger than I've ever been
if you wanted to have an idea for a
start-up for a small business startup
City Beach right itself but also
Southeast Michigan is very friendly
towards that I'm optimistic very
optimistic y'all would have to see is
making a major comeback yes the trade is
in a great place right now and it's only
getting better with brand new
development downtown Detroit it and
spreading throughout I mean I plan on
making my stake here you know retiree
here or whatever it's not the hooligan
city that people make it out to be there
are a couple things what makes the Tri
great place like one it is got great
Midwest values if there you can define
that but but just really great wonderful
kind people that live in the city and it
is a city of a lot of different
neighborhoods and a lot of different
opportunities and cost of living is very
low
I think Detroit is already making the
comeback
