I had a client yesterday just say John
let's just write an offer I don't have
to see it I'll see it later I seen the
pictures online I want the house let's
just write an offer on it without seeing
it if you wait a week they're gone if
you wait a day they're gone if you
schedule a showing to see a property
tomorrow it's gone tonight from a
standpoint of comfort and safety Detroit
is no different than any other city it
may get a bad rap that there's a lot of
crime in the city and there certainly is
but it's it's more localized there are
some wonderful neighborhoods in the city
that are safer than many cities that
you'd consider suburban areas this is
one of the historic neighborhoods of the
city in the city of Detroit that's
well-maintained still valuable is right
now and will be increasing in value I
actually sold that home right there that
we're in front of to a client last year
at no no that one was a hundred and
forty thousand home prices have risen
over the last two years pretty
dramatically probably about forty forty
five percent in some cases up to seventy
percent appreciation off of the bottom
this property went from four hundred
thousand down to fifty thousand previous
owner lost it to foreclosure
it was bank owned boarded up really a
distressed state so we have a few
markets in the metro area where we're
almost back to where we were at 2005
peak values but overall were probably
65% 70% back which is pretty remarkable
and now the property is worth after the
restoration part of it is worth about
another $190,000 it serve the underlying
neat story about the city Detroit is you
have thousands of investors come into
the city over the last five years buy up
this housing stock that has been old and
needs work and they're refurbishing
these homes so you're getting homes that
were going down anyways they were not
being kept up even before the recession
and now people are investing in those
homes so we're seeing of the housing
stock actually sort of it was in a
downward trend pre-recession now we're
seeing it sort of improve now because of
all the capital that investors are
putting the city
