key wardrobe essentials for the business
world would be a navy blue pinstripe
suit a medium gray suit something a
plaid earth tone and then the poor navy
jacket with metal buttons those are
really the building blocks to start with
so this is an example of the navy blue
pinstripe really what's important here
it's a trim fit this has a peak lapel
but this is a great option to start
building that career wardrobe so this is
an example of the medium grey suit this
happens to be a suit separate so again
we sell the jacket and the pants
separate so you can get closer to your
body type tailoring is key there's very
few suits that are going to fit from the
moment you pick it up off of the rack
things to look for is sleeve length the
jacket at the waist being nipped in just
a little bit looking at the shoulders
and then obviously pant both waist and
length do not purchase a suit and think
that you can just run home or run to the
office and throw it on it really must be
looked at by a tailor what we're really
seeing now it's really about a trimmer
fit that doesn't necessarily have to be
tight there's certainly some guys suit
before a more classic or fuller fit but
really most guys can prolong somewhat of
a trim fit so a key consideration when
making an investment in tailor clothing
a really waste we look for medium weight
wools that really do give you the
ability to wear them almost year-round
the more you can invest upfront the
better those suits will last for you
remember you could take them through
dry-cleaning elements again wearability
so you really want to get you know as
much where as you possibly can
you
