buying a diamond is a major purchase I
would always go with the jeweler that
has a reputation either through people I
know or has a name big enough that
they're going to stand by their products
one of the first things I would ask is
does this diamond come with a lab report
the four C's shorthand for the four most
important criteria that give value to a
diamond clarity cut color and carat
weight clarity is quite simply the
amount of transparency are there any
features any things in the diamond
called inclusions that cause a
transparency problem are there any
blemishes things on the surface of the
diamond this little red mark is in
exactly the place on this plot that that
clarity characteristic exists on the
diamond cut is it the right shape that I
want the right outline is it a round
brilliant
or is it an emerald cut or is it
something that's called a princess cut
there's infinite varieties the fact is a
truly colorless diamond is a very rare
thing but often it has a hint of color
and often a hint of yellow or a hint of
brown and we start the color grading
with D and go to Z and we arrive at that
by comparing it to what we call Diamond
master stones in our lab and then carat
weight how much does it weigh this is
how we gauge the size of the stone this
is about the size of a one care 6.50
millimeters across on a round brilliant
when this diamond was mined out of the
earth it was probably in its rough state
about twice as big as this when you give
it to a cutter they're gonna increase
that beauty and tenfold
so the manipulation is it's fascinating
to think about all these four C's are
tightly related
you
