this is the virtue of sodomy and
spirituality gaming platform that let
you walk and run around like you're
actually in the game back CA Leon good
good luck it's gonna show me and so my
business side of co-workers how this
thing works
no I'm okay obviously the first step is
to get you out of your shoes and put the
omni shoes on will give you the proper
training first we're walking through it
step by step so we'll come this way all
right
Oh in both hands it's a low friction
circle
the omni's it's like riding a bike I
think a small step forward put your
weight in your forward foot have what I
can do it with the first couple minutes
you can find your balance of it I kind
of let it slide back get that Center
that's a resume for a couple minutes for
your natural running already with the
weight of four spots every time it is oh
it's not like yeah should my arms are
getting tired
all right all right oh that's a car okay
now we get to the Bell
then for little bit huh I'm just gonna
walk a good before
that's it that's it okay I only give you
the gun all right so this is easier than
supporting myself with my hands yep yeah
think you're ready I think I think I am
okay say oh hello where am I
so straight that's right ah
shabih got it oh so dark got it
all right well done
very cool would it be to like like
sweating very cool a little disorienting
the first time you're like really dizzy
yeah cool intent protein sensor good
shooting the guys you know it was
awesome you liked it I liked it a lot
did you feeling nervous if you're
feeling that Oh totally immersed I had
no idea which way I was facing after a
minute so much more immersive than
playing this on the xbox or the ps4 it's
a really different experience Oh feeling
bad people gotta yeah which I saw oh god
yeah yeah
