what makes a whiskey so expensive tends
to be with their age the more scarce a
whiskey is it's just basic supply and
demand as a whiskey ages it tends to
evaporate over time we have a lot of
higher mark items on our menu we have
everything from a $12 new make spirit up
to a $15,000 bottle of Johnnie Walker
the John Walker for someone to purchase
a higher mark whiskey what can they
expect first of all they're gonna get it
they're gonna get a great dram of
whiskey it's gonna be beautiful it'll be
a cocktail in the glass I equate it to
to a Rolex watch I mean a Rolex watch
and a Timex watch both are gonna tell
time one has a lot more history behind
it one has a complicated movement and if
you're into watches you don't mind
justifying it and sometimes it's
spending that extra money as a
celebratory mark and that's where we
find a lot of people that that are
purchasing the expensive whiskies they
see it as like a monumental occasion
Wood plays a huge role in the taste on
whiskies and the older whisky is it's
had more time to interact with that wood
so if you were to take two whiskies in a
gym for the same amount of times one in
an X bourbon barrel and one in an X
sherry cask you're gonna get a darker
whisky with the X sherry cask our mantra
here at the Flatiron room is drink less
taste more we always encourage people to
drink whiskey however they like to drink
whiskey on a molecular level we can you
know we can go into the science behind
it and we know that water to whiskey is
like air air to wine so it is gonna open
it up it is gonna help you by bringing
down say the proof of a whiskey
particularly like a cast strength
whiskey you're gonna be able to really
recognize a lot more of the aromatics
and that's important because then you're
able to experience it a little bit
better we sell all our whiskey at room
temperature of course if you put an ice
cube in it it is gonna cut a lot of the
flavors and it is going to dull it
significantly on the same hand in the
summertime a wonderful glass of bourbon
with an ice cube I don't think there's
anything better how you drink your
whiskey is really open to discussion
personally there was no rules
whiskey we encourage people to
experiment experiment with whiskey find
out the right combination that works for
you
