working from a place of burnout and
exhaustion is not a productive place to
work from ultimately at work the most
important thing is our energy it's not
exactly how many hours are we sitting at
our desk but how present are we when
were there we have two nap rooms at the
huffington post and they're almost
always used right now I feel that it's a
great thing to introduce in offices
because if somebody is tired in the
middle of the afternoon it's so much
better to go have a 20 minute nap than
to have a 15th cup of coffee or a
cinnamon bun to get some energy to keep
going and you know this is becoming more
and more than norm there is a clear
connection between our levels of stress
and our productivity and the costs to
business and in American business spends
two hundred billion dollars a year just
in stress related costs our civilization
is suffering from burnout we see that
again and again we see it manifested in
leaders making bad decisions and because
they're not smart but because they are
not wise and they're exhausted you know
Donna shillelagh was in the Clinton
administration said to me recently I
used to tell my staff she said you are
paid for judgment not for stamina and we
see not even among athletes you know in
sports we see the prioritization of
sleep of naps and it's a performance
enhancement tool
