this is Monster Jam the monster truck
spectacular electrifies audiences
stadiums and arenas around the world oh
my goodness
these drivers put their lives on the
line every time they suit up but thanks
to extreme safety precautions they often
walk away unscathed intense accidents
one of the sports Rising Stars is
probably not who you'd imagine would be
behind the wheel of a monster truck my
name is Brianna Mahon
I am driver of the brand-new whiplash
Monster Jam truck Brianna Mahone may not
look like your typical Monster Jam
driver but she definitely drives like
one
I'm out here in a male world you know
dominating for the females and and to
have a truck that stands out so brightly
against everybody else's it's such an
honor
reanima Hans need for speed evolved on
the motocross track I was born into the
fast lane and I never left we were in a
male-dominated sport and the men didn't
really want us there they felt that we
were a threat because we were faster
than them and I mean I remember sitting
on the line and the guy next to me his
dad would hit him in the back of the
shoulder and say you better take that
girl out don't let her beat you an
injury to one of her hands brought
Mahone's motocross career to an end in
2014 I was sitting in cosmetology school
and kind of got a phone call from Tom
Mintz himself and he had heard about my
background and and thought I'd be a
great candidate to try out so I spent
all of 2014
training and and driving a truck and
learning about Monster Jam and in 2015 I
won Rookie of the Year
Mahon wasn't done with her career in the
beauty industry today
she owns a hair salon in Illinois when I
get new clients I tell them and they're
just floored I don't look like a monster
Jam driver
of the 83 active Monster Jam drivers
only 14 or female seeing men in the
sport is it's cool we have a lady that
rocks the house that's epic
honestly it's an adrenaline rush then I
just don't even think you can explain
until you're in it it's an awesome
awesome experience the women in our
sport they've proven they're just as
good as the men you could tell there was
something special about here competitive
tough and never wants to give up on
training the drivers get to hone their
skills at Monster Jam University a
facility in Paxton Illinois that's
operated by Tom Mintz they have a place
like Monster Jam University where they
can protect their craft get better when
they're out there then they can bring
their epic performances to the track
according to Monster Jam each truck
costs around 250,000 dollars to build
our trucks are 12 foot tall they're
about 12 foot wide and they weigh
anywhere from 10 to 12,000 pounds 1500
horsepower our tires are 66 inches tall
they're massive they're like the biggest
tires on any vehicle around and you know
it's just it's so cool to try such a big
beast of a truck
they maneuver around the stadium an
amazing speed that can fly over 40 feet
in the air they're 100% like engineered
fighter jet airplanes on a rainy night
at MetLife Stadium these trucks were
puts a test due to a lack of traction on
the track the drivers couldn't perform a
lot of their signature maneuvers like
full backflips and riding on two wheels
what the show lacked in fancy tricks it
made up for with mud
we have the best safety technology we're
a fireproof head-to-toe head restraint
neck restraint we have seven point
harnesses that hold us into the seat
fire shoes and clothes and we take every
precaution necessary and that's why you
don't see the injuries in Monster Jam
like you do in any other sport because
we're head-to-toe fully protected the
drivers first compete in races followed
by a freestyle round there's no cash
prize for the winner the drivers are all
salaried employees Monster Jam wouldn't
share specifics about the drivers
salaries we're all hired contract
workers basically and we come in and do
our job and get to go home at the end of
the day I get messages all the time of
girls that say you know you're my role
model I look up to you you can't put a
price tag on that we get to compete on
the same tracks in the same trucks on
the same level as the men and that's
really what makes it special and a
really cool sport because there's nobody
here pushing us down everybody's
building us up
you
