I suspect a long time ago for 40 years
ago this year signing mike oldfield who
did a lovely album called tubular bells
when I was a teenager and he recorded in
our recording studios out in the
Oxfordshire countryside and and she
bluebells became a global success and on
the back of that we built a record
company and then one thing led on to
another from there
i left school at fifteen to start a
magazine which was magazine to campaign
for young people and against things like
the Vietnamese War and the magazine
young people liked it and it became very
successful and and then I and decided to
build a country recording studio which
artists had to check into very
unpleasant studios in cities and put on
take all their equipment down with a
classical band came in and having that
studio enabled me to have a place where
michael fear and other artists could
record
what what you know what so what is a
business the business is simply making
lives better for other people and and so
you need to come up with an idea it's
going to make life better for people
then you need to you know find great
people to work with you to put that idea
into practice you know then you need to
create your product then you need to you
know find unique ways of marketing the
product and in my own case I yeah
ballooned across the Atlantic or you
know wrote the trans lantic sailing
record or you know threw myself off
buildings or did whatever it took to put
virgin on the map and then once you've
got a great brand and you can do other
things so there's those are some of some
of the ways
