port was really the first kind of wine
to ever go into Cork and go into bottle
and it was a wine of of higher alcohol
and residual sugar so the wine typically
would cause the cork to break down over
time and it was almost impossible to
open the bottle once it was old with a
corkscrew or an off so so this kind of
element was designed to just take the
cork right off the bottle we're gonna
start with lighting our flame and
letting the tongs heat up we also want
to kind of get our cooling element nice
and cold
dipping it in ice and letting it sit and
get quite wet other things that we'll do
to take safety precautions once we break
the top off we'll typically use a
traditional funnel and wire strainer but
we'll drop a bit of cheesecloth in just
as a precaution in case there is any
debris and traditionally this would be
done with a very old bottle there'll be
a lot of sediment in the wine kind of
helps us take the sediment and liquid
and separator we want to keep the tongs
on the flame as long as possible
the middle sticks to the glass you're
doing it right
and on the bottle because it's not a
perfect rounded edge is a little bit of
a kind of rough break on the bottle we
want to make sure there's no drips when
we're pouring tableside so we use one of
these very kind of nifty little pouring
aids you'll typically see them used in
different tastings and so forth but they
kind of create a new lip for the wine
and it can go straight into our decanter
so it usually takes about two and a half
minutes at the table if we bring
everything here and perform it at once
and serve the one
