hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I host Startalk
welcome back to star talk radio and it's
fighting all these air molecules like
what's up with that we win no you don't
wanna look at Venus well you could but
not with people because you would be
crushed by the atmospheric pressure with
nearly a hundred times that of Earth
then you would rapidly vaporize from the
900 degrees Fahrenheit for 500 degrees
Celsius temperatures it's a runaway
greenhouse effect it is hostile to
organic chemistry which therefore makes
it hostile to life you go around the
solar system Jupiter doesn't have a
surface to land on it's all gaseous same
with Saturn Uranus and Neptune but
they've got some awesome moons orbiting
around them one of them my favorite is
Europa Europa is a one of the moons of
Jupiter it's icy on the surface but the
stress from Jupiter's gravity pumps
energy into Europa melting that ice so
there's an ocean of liquid water has
been liquid for billions of years on
earth anyplace we find liquid water we
find life so one of NASA's edicts is to
follow the water maybe you'll find life
I want to go to Europa cut a hole in the
ice drop a camera see if anything swims
up to the lens and licks it yeah that so
so Europa is very high in my list
there's another moon one of the moons of
Saturn Saturn right here and it's my
planet Saturn Saturn has a moon one of
the largest moons in the solar system
called Titan Titan has an atmosphere the
moon with an atmosphere that's cool it's
got an atmosphere it's very cold so
water is completely frozen solid I mean
we call it ice but on that moon's
surface it's the bedrock of the
landscape well if those temperatures
what else happens gases that we're
familiar with in gaseous form have
liquefied there are liquid lakes of
methane methane is that gas that comes
out of your stove on Titan the meth
has liquefied the rivers of methane
lakes of methane who is to say that
there isn't life based on liquid methane
they're just as here we are life based
on the liquids available to us water so
maybe life doesn't require liquid water
maybe just life needs a liquid anything
