and Marissa Meyers early days at Google
she was a programmer one among a few but
over time she saw that what her real
strength would be would be product
management where she would sort of
organize a team to make sure that a
product was great and some of the
products that she was responsible for
were Google search and Gmail Google
search being the most important one at
Google by far she was in charge of
making sure that Google search worked
really well and looked great for users I
think Marissa Meyer was a natural and
product management at Google it was
really just the engineers and maybe the
CEO and they really needed this middle
layer where someone could organize the
product engineers and designers around a
game plan goals that is one of mr.
Marissa Meyer strengths it always has
been even since she was a little girl
and she was organizing the pom-pom teams
routines she was always the person who
got the team to practice later design
the routines and got everyone just doing
pointers in the right direction Marissa
Meyers career stalled probably for three
reasons one was that she never really
had the ambition to be a business leader
at Google and the way some of her peers
did some of her peers would go to
meetings that would cover all of
Google's business operations beyond
their own products whatever they worked
on where Samara would go to some of
those but she wouldn't always go to all
of them and and she was more just laser
focused on what she was charged with
doing which was making sure that Google
search looked great so she didn't have
the right kind of ambitions the second
problem that Marissa Meyer had at Google
is that she really needed to be the she
was in a role where everything that went
live on Google especially in its search
products had to go through her she had
to sign off on everything and some
people at Google over time felt that she
really was slowing the process down so
one of them or two of them a recruited
them we've heard that you know one
person did it or several people did went
to Larry Page and said look either she
goes or we go and Larry Page said okay
we'll fix this and then he moved her to
a different product the third reason
that Marissa Meyers career may have
stalled is that for a time she actually
dated Larry Page the CEO of Google and
some people can't help but wonder if it
would just made for an awkward
circumstance that the person that she
used to date was now the see
could she really report to him
