this is sprayable energy and it's
basically a liquid caffeine that you
spray onto your neck you do four sprays
and you should feel the effects within
thirty minutes but we want to know does
this thing actually work is it good
enough to get people to give up their
precious coffee we had a couple of
people try it out and we're gonna find
out it's been about an hour since I
sprayed it feeling very tired I don't
feel as energized I think as I as I
normally am I guess with coffee I feel a
little wired to be honest I don't really
feel more alert or a weight kind of
itchy that's kind of it I feel kind of
more jittery like more antsy and less
kind of energized and focused I sprayed
it on and then I rubbed it in and it's
been kind of itchy didn't really have a
big effect on me so I'll probably stick
to just regular coffee I felt a little
gimmicky to me you know maybe it's kind
of a placebo effect where you spray it
on and you think that you know you're
more energized it probably has its
merits and some leg is the same people
who like 5-hour energy drink like if you
don't like coffee and you need caffeine
I think there's something to it
I don't feel jittery I don't feel hyper
alert or it or anything I just feel kind
of itchy where I spread it on
