hi I'm Neil deGrasse Tyson I'm an
astrophysicist with the American Museum
of Natural History and I host Startalk
welcome back to star talk radio and it's
fighting all these air molecules like
what's up with that we win
astrophysicist with a big we should have
had private initiative going to space
and decades ago I'm embarrassed it's
taking this long we've been in space for
50 years why is it only just yesterday
private enterprise is taking some
initiative here and so I'm disappointed
that it's taken this long
that being said private enterprise will
not ever lead a space frontier not
because I don't want them to but my read
of history history tells me they can't
it's not possible space is dangerous
it's expensive
your unquantified risks combine all
those in one umbrella you cannot
establish a free market capitalization
of that enterprise who am i investor i'm
not going what are the risk I don't know
what it'll cost we haven't figured it
out yet we'll never know what's the ROI
there isn't one because we've never done
it before and we don't know what what we
might find those are the kinds of
frontiers that the history that history
of governments have undertaken the first
Europeans to the new world were not the
Dutch East India Trading Company
it was government's funding government
missions Columbus drew the Maps
established where the trade winds were
where are the hostels where are the
friendlies is there food there can you
breathe the air they come back with this
information then you can establish a
capital market valuation because now you
know there are riches over here but not
there you can get here by this route but
not that one then you can turn it into a
profitable enterprise then you can
establish a capital market valuation
what did SpaceX do were they leading the
space Frontier no they're hauling cargo
back and forth to the space station well
NASA should never have been in that
business you don't need astronauts who
are highly trained professional
spacefarers
to be hauling goods back and forth to
space get SpaceX to do it the post
office they don't have their own planes
or if they do it's for trivial things if
they want to move mail across the
country they rent space in the belly of
Delta Airlines or mer whomever the
corporation will do it more efficiently
and they don't have to worry about the
business model for that let somebody
else to do it but if you want to move
the frontier to a new place you need the
government especially where space is
involved and once that once the maps are
drawn and the risks are established then
you could farm that off to space it to
industry and that's what like I
said should have been happening decades
ago
