learning how to drive a stick shift can
be a frustrating and dangerous
experience and now I'm going downhill
but it's a great skill to have all it
takes is a bunch of practice and enough
room to do it
for starters you need to know what this
does this is the clutch and you use it
with your left foot stepping down on the
clutch all the way lets you move the
shifter and change gears the stick shift
meanwhile is set up like this when
you're in the middle you're a neutral
top left is first gear bottom left is
second gear top Center is third bottom
Center is fourth top right is fifth
reverse is to the right and down in the
car is parked the shifter is in first
and the parking brake is on to stop you
from rolling the way to get started
push the clutch all the way in and start
the car with your foot on the brake
release the parking brake now comes the
tricky part to get moving you have to
release your foot slowly off the clutch
while with your right foot slowly
applying the gas once the car is moving
you can take your foot all the way off
the clutch and you're in first gear now
you're driving a stick shift again to
second gear take your foot all the way
off the gas push the clutch in move the
shifter foot off the clutch foot back on
the gas now you're moving second gear is
your classic parking lot speed it's what
you want to use for most city driving
after that it's the same thing
third gear right foot off the gas clutch
all the way in move the shifter foot off
the clutch
and to come to a complete stop move your
right foot to the brake pedal left foot
on the clutch shift to neutral and left
foot off the clutch it'll take a while
to master driving a stick shift and even
experienced drivers like me still stall
the car on occasion
we'll just keep trying and eventually
you'll get it
you
