you might have heard the markets been a
little bit shaky lately the Dow Jones
Industrials just lost all gains for 2018
the largest single-day point drop ever
just because it seems like everybody
else is panicking doesn't mean you need
to the Dow Jones dropped over 1,800
points in two days of trading which
sounds like a huge number especially if
you're someone who's still feeling
scarred from the financial crisis of
about a decade ago the Dow Jones is an
index it tracks the stocks of 30 large
US companies we're talking Apple
McDonald's companies like that but it
doesn't represent the entire US economy
and that's an important point to
understand just because the market
tumbles a little bit doesn't mean we're
heading back into the next financial
crisis Mondays decline in the Dow was
big sure but from a percentage basis it
actually wasn't that impressive there
was a day in 1987 when the Dow dropped
by over 22% in one single day on Monday
was just a little bit more than 4% so
taken from that perspective it's not
time to completely panic freak out and
sell every investment you own the thing
about the stock market is it's always on
the move when it's going up we all feel
great and nobody's asking questions but
as soon as it goes down even a little
bit people want answers there are a few
different reasons the stock market in
decline sometimes it's just normal it
happens from time to time like on Friday
when the stock market was down about 2%
it's not really reason to pay too close
attention
but on Monday when it was down four and
a half percent there's probably a reason
when something like that happens one of
the biggest reasons being a strong
employment market in the US including
wage growth which caused a few people to
start worrying about rising interest
rates and inflation but at the end of
the day what wage growth means for you
hopefully is that you got to raise
recently which is a really good time to
increase your 401k contribution and
investing nobody can predict where the
stock market is going next even years
ago people were wondering when the next
big crash was going to happen even the
pros get it wrong more than you would
think so there's no sense trying to time
the market you're not going to win when
you're investing for retirement the
daily stock market moves are never
reason to panic in 2008 during the
financial crisis the market dropped 37
percent which was massive and certainly
very anxiety inducing at the time but
since that point the market has more
than doubled and we've had nine straight
years of positive returns
so if 2008 had freaked you out to the
point that you didn't want to invest
anymore you would have missed out on
huge amounts of wealth building
opportunities as the market kept going
up and here's the thing it will go down
again it has to it's part of the process
it might go down a lot maybe even 37%
but keep in mind that it will go back up
so if you start selling or trying to
time the market you could very well be
out of the market right when it picks
back up and that is a problem for your
retirement account when the stock market
is rocky like this I know it's not easy
to stomach but if you stay the course it
will definitely pay off in the long run
you
