as two different emotions you know this
fear there's panic and fear could be
your friend you know as long as as you
are able to control fear you are the
word you know you concentrated you your
focus soon as fear turns into panic you
lose it Felix it's been about eight
months since your supersonic jump do you
still dream or have nightmares about it
well never never had nightmares about
red bull stratos and also I never
dreamed about it anymore so it kind of
looks like i have done it i take it off
my list and in my mind is in heaven you
know it's in peace and to prepare for
the mission you mentioned that you spoke
to neil armstrong can you tell me about
the conversation you had with him well
we talked about a lot of things but but
stuff that was really interesting to me
was what did she eat the night before
and how do you pee and he told me that
the astronauts always preferred to go to
space went to the moon
bacon eggs so I was trying to eat steak
and eggs and first time I tried it was a
two o'clock in the morning because this
is where I have to show up Mission
Control out of a sitting in front of my
plate and a look at the steak and eggs
could not eat it you know two o'clock in
the morning it's not the right breakfast
in my opinion what specifically do you
do to calm yourself down there's a lot
of different things that you can do you
know breathing is one thing thinking
about good things might help what's the
good thing you think about what I always
thought about success if I'm in a
difficult situation like sitting in a
capital for so many hours going up to
space means you mean to change your very
friendly environment into a hostile
environment with higher you go up the
less oxygen in half or less pressure you
have you far away from any medical
treatment and it scares here there's a
lot of time to think about that when
you're seeing the captor two and a half
hours so I was always when I had that
kind of feeling like her hip here comes
up like I said I only have to control it
through I will think about that moment
when i land everything is over so I'm
falling down on my knees and then I'm
going to be successful so that outlook
turning red bull stratos in the
successful mission brought my system
down
you
