I'm Michael Lomonaco I'm the chef and
managing partner of border house New
York well people often ask you know
which steak I would recommend and that's
always a tough question because I love
them all they're all different though
you know or a strip steak or sometimes
called a sirloin steak or sometimes it's
called a New York cut we call it a New
York strip steak on the bone if a strip
steak is compared to a cowboy steak
which is a rib steak those are two
different cuts of meat they are
different strip steak is kind of has a
chewier personality it has a beefier
personality while the ribeye has more
fat it's kind of more marbled so there
they eat differently they taste
differently they cut differently but
then there are the lesser cuts and the
lesser cuts or the less expensive cuts
are the ones that I actually like to
really cook at home
skirt steak hanger skate you know these
are cuts that you find in a butcher
market and they really are simple to
cook the other on a grill or in a
cast-iron pan on a stove and those are
the ones that are more affordable and
actually have great beef flavor
I would say you know if you take steaks
if you take anything chicken fish if you
take it out of the refrigerator and you
hold it at room temperature for 10
minutes it's now different it's warmed
up so your cooking time changes that
affects your cooking time it affects how
long it takes to cook and how well
cooked it'll be towards the center so an
ice box cold steak might not cook on
your barbeque grill but under an 1,800
degree broiler I can get a char on it
and maintain the inner rareness is what
I'm trying to control for seasoning we
really are minimalist we use salt coarse
salt sometimes people call it kosher
salt I really like kosher salt on my
steaks
I don't put pepper on a steak before I
cook it but I expect the diner to put
pepper on after it's been cooked the
reason for that is pepper changes under
the high heat it gets bitter so we just
season our steaks with salt the moment
before they go on the grill or under the
broiler the moment before we cook them
we season them and we season them well
a lot of people will tell you that the
real perfect way to eat a steak is is
cooked to medium-rare now for some
people that's too underdone they wanted
medium or medium well
but medium rare gives you a cook a steak
that's cooked to the center where it's
worn in the center and yet still rare
enough to give you the flavor of the
beef unaltered by heat it's kind of a
balance of somewhere between rare which
is kind of cool at the center and medium
which is now starting to cook at the
center where you actually are losing the
characteristic of the beef but the the
most important thing though is actually
as you cook steaks they they toughen as
they cook heat will toughen the meat so
cooking to medium-rare gives you the
perfect balance of tenderness flavor
my personal preference you know there's
no it's you know it's one of those
things there's no there's no really
there's no what there's no rule for it
except when you're making roast and you
can really check the temperature but on
our high heat broiler and with our staff
that we have our medium-rare is true
medium-rare which might be more
medium-rare than some people like but
that's okay that's what the kitchen is
for so so the finger test is really
about feeling is it is it still tender
or is it getting cooked because it's
firming up because as it gets more
cooked it becomes from you can feel on
your hand this is what rareness is like
and as you as you flex your hand and
make a fist it gets firmer that's what
well done feels like so that's all the
finger test is about but you know what
we do with all our steaks and so here's
a better tip if you are cooking steaks
giving them a chance to rest before you
actually eat them I'm not worried about
whether they go on the broiler if
they've come to room temperature they'll
cook better for you on your outdoor
grill or in a cast-iron pan but after
you do cook them to the temperature you
like let them rest give them five
minutes rest in time because you will
get a better tasting steak and a better
eating steak with that rest in time it
allow
all the juices to recirculate back and
it really gives you a more savory steak
you
you
