you've done extraordinary things and an
astonishing amount of work has gone into
them oh you can't read this without just
being boggled by what it is but I think
there are two points in the book that
really jump out at me is sort of filling
out your personal philosophy here and
the one obviously is when you were good
early in Seattle at skating but you make
this big decision to go to Lake Placid
that's never seen this you know my
childhood was not my relationship with
my father was not always a good one and
it took a long time a lot of fights I
mean very severe intensities between two
personalities that were clashing for a
long period of time when I was a kid my
dad basically forced me to go to New
York to train he said this is an
opportunity he didn't know that I was
gonna become a world champion or become
a champion he had no idea is ever gonna
step foot on the podium but he knew this
was an opportunity for me to do
something that was different and to
realize perhaps a dream that he didn't
know what was possible I didn't know was
possible but it was taking that first
step forward in order to try and see
what was what was gonna be it was gonna
happen for the events to come in you're
14 you don't leave your house your
friends obviously peer pressure at that
age that's extraordinarily powerful your
dad leaves you at the airport you say
thanks dad and then you run away your
friend says yeah I call my friend he
comes picking me the airport I take off
I'm gone for the next whatever nine days
or so dad thinks I'm still in New York
he gets a call from the people in New
York saying is your son still coming to
chain with us my dad's like what are you
talking about I sent him there you lost
my son they're like no sir we didn't
lose your son it it was crazy
um it means to say the second time I
went there there's no second time I went
to the airport my father rocks the car
and walks in with me walks me through
the gate sits me down to my seat and
then sits down next to me and I'm like
oh he's coming with me this time but you
were so explaining him the whole way I
mean you say when you landed I'm not
staying I hate this I don't want to even
when I was real initially when I was
first arrived for training I mean I
didn't it was so it was such a big
departure for me as a person it was so
different from what I was used to and I
just had this thing in my head that I
wanted to do what I wanted to do and I
thought I knew everything you know I
just was so defiant and so adamant
against my dad and for what reasons I
don't really know because he was a great
father the entire time but I was the
crazy kid I was just crazy and I was at
and sport helped change my life and
luckily I found kind of peace and solace
in the in the sport
