Google Maps is huge and they're in this
space now and there are more and more
location-based apps launched all the
time how is hops not fighting these
behemoths competitors to tell you the
truth in terms of what we do which is
get people from point A to point B
through a combination of walking in mass
transit directions there's really only
one other company that is doing that and
it's google right through google transit
no none of the other location-based
services or companies that were aware of
are providing that user experience in
that service that said you know Google's
of the company and we have a challenge
out of us in terms of trying to
differentiate ourselves versus the
behemoth there's one thing I've always
wanted to know how do you keep track of
changes in the transit system yeah it's
a great question at the end of the day
we're data company we're data aggregator
and data normalizer so we source data
from the hundreds of different transit
agencies throughout the country we're
now actually in 17 cities not just New
York so within any one city there's
numerous transit agencies i think in New
York there's over 30 trip different
transit agencies not just MTA so we need
to make sure that we are sourcing the
most current and accurate data from them
and are staying on top of any changes
that are happening in real time out on
the railways and on the roadways which
we do that through both structured data
feeds as well as unstructured data fit
so you get you get regular updates so we
do get regular updates from the transit
agencies but then we have to make sense
of those updates and ingest them into
our routing engine and make sure that
what's most important the end user sees
those updates and gets rerouted in real
time based on what's happening out there
on the tracks so you make your money
from advertising we are largely ad
supported but we also have business
service revenue as well best way to
think about that is our user experience
embedded on other media and publisher
sites to help their users get from point
A to point B in the same way we help our
users get from pointed
they are you profitable we are currently
profitable you look at Foursquare and
what Facebook is going to have check-ins
what's your take on all this and is it
something that hop stops going to look
at as well so i think the growth and
local growth in mobile the growth in
location-based services is great it's a
huge market it's still somewhat untapped
it's still somewhat uncracked and i
think companies like foursquare and
gowalla and Hopstop or proving that
helping people in their everyday lives
in their local communities is very
valuable we do what we do well
Foursquare does what it does well I
could definitely see a relationship
between those two companies in terms of
the services that we provide being
married together but all in good time
how do you compete with Google Maps
getting installed on every iPhone yeah
we it's it's challenging I mean google
is pervasively distributed on iPhones
that said that's just one form of
interfacing with your users from a
mobile perspective we not only have an
iphone app we obviously have a website
to a mobile enabled site and then we
also power directions via SMS to any
user can send us two addresses from here
to there the text message and we'll send
them a text message back with the
directions within one second so there's
multiple ways that you can interface
with us and we're not just looking at
mobile and equated it with iPhone
looking at mobile and saying iphone is
one of the ways that you can consume
information in a mobile environment but
there's many other ways as well
