so keep tell us about this European call
you made a big call on Spain you say
it's unraveling you say that in fact
there's a lot more where that came from
with other countries yeah last week we
held a conference called basically
saying are you bearish enough on Spain
and the answer obviously the
presentation was implied and that no
we're not because big debt maturities
start to come due in Spain in June and
the way that we've looked at Europe
overall is just in terms of the sequence
of the debt maturities now there's no
irony that Greece had their big debt
maturities on May nineteenth and it was
the focus country first so then we go to
Spain next and then after that we're
going to go to France and Italy and we
think that that's kind of how Europe
lays out in order and then the US which
we'll talk about in another segment you
got a nice thesis about that as well but
so going back to Europe a week ago we
were told this problem was solved right
the ECB came in huge guarantee trillion
dollars the market went up and euphoric
celebration not the case no and I think
that you know if anything we haven't
which is frightening we haven't learned
the lesson that Hank Paulson taught us
which is the bazooka actually didn't
work so you come out with a few these
guys we call them the Fiat fools you
know jean-claude trichet and Ben
Bernanke is the same thing you cannot
create money out of thin air piled debt
upon debt upon debt and actually have an
estimate that that's going to turn out
well in the end so we don't think that
that you know trillion dollar program in
Europe does anything but devalue their
currency and put more risk on to the
citizenry who basically gets imported
inflation as a result so I think that
Ben Bernanke and Tim Geithner would say
no holy no wait a minute our program
worked incredibly well so let's just
duplicate it yeah so well from these
guys looking at we live in a culture
where everything's about you evaluated
and validated by stock markets as
opposed to currencies you know
populations health you look at
unemployment levels so we have that Fiat
fool mentality here in the US and I
think that it's permeated into Europe
now don't forget the tree che was also
the finance minister of france of all
places where there you know that's the
that's what they do so basically the US
experiment has been to a lower high in
the sp500 now give them a golf clap for
that but from here on in like if you
look at the markets today it doesn't
look like the experiment you know plays
out for the long term successfully so
what do you think happens in europe
maybe we come back with even more
guarantees
and more loans more backstopping and
then eventually we continue to fail or
as the market learned its lesson and
we're just going to go down from here
now well it the only way for the system
to finally correct is to get rid of the
government's you know particularly the
people that are maneuvering these
governments that's the problem of Fiat
fools they legitimately believed like
Cannes did that government is the answer
to everything now I don't agree with
that and Hayek didn't agree with that
either there are a lot of people who
believe that markets should clear at a
price and every time you come in with
these big bazookas of European you know
elixirs or whatever you think they are
they're going to try it again and
they're going to see the reaction as
equally as negative and I think that you
know you're going to basically see
government's get fired so in the US
market there seemed to be for a while a
happy ending which had us all we all
forgot the crash it was just a couple of
bad months is the same thing likely to
happen in Europe will we get this
euphoric recovery at some point everyone
say we're off to the races again no
you're going to crash first I mean we've
crashed in Spain like as of this morning
you're down twenty six percent year
today crash being twenty percent or more
obviously Greece's crash next France is
crashing and Italy's crashing and what's
the timetable for those we've said this
basically you know this quarter we think
France is going to be on the fast track
to crashing and last night Berlusconi in
Italy admitted that he needs to cut the
deficit so he's on the fast track now
these markets are within five to ten
percent of actual crashes the big ones
france and italy both of them France in
particular a triple-a rating absolutely
nonsensical for a country that's headed
towards a deficit to gdp ratio of ten
percent so that's happening real time as
you see it and so how does it play out
over the next couple of years I think
you're going to see crashes in equities
you know in all these countries like
you've seen what you've seen in Greece
is kind of like a metaphor like Bear
Stearns was and a lot of you know the
pundits and the savants come out and say
hey look now this is just contained it
hardly looks contained to me today it's
spreading to Asia you know different
governments and don't you know with
different balance sheet problems are
going to continue to have these problems
and I think that it ends with crashes
the removals of governments or at least
the people who are purporting to know
exactly what's going on when they have
no idea how to fix this and then will
you know try to find a way to recover
from this thanks cute
