welcome back i'm joined by Lockhart
steel who is the founder and CEO of
curbed hello sir good to see you you too
which is a blog network of curb calm and
racked calm and eater and some other
sites catch us up today what's what's
new sure well we've always been a
locally driven blog network we have
sites in New York LA in San Francisco
and recently one of the things that
we've been doing it's a little different
for us is making a national push with a
couple of our brands both eager calm and
rach calm eater in the restaurant space
racked in the sort of shopping space
we've hired up teams of editors and all
of our sites are kind of classic blog
style run by full-time editors really
writing about some of these things that
we've been writing on a local level on
the national level so for either that's
like you know food pop culture and you
know every single thing that Anthony
Bourdain has ever done in his life
that's that you know if the question can
be asking you blog too much but Anthony
Bourdain Lee and we intend to answer
that question excellent how does the ad
market looking these days you know
surprisingly good for us our company's a
little different in some folks we are
majority display ad sales but we also
have a classified component to our
businesses for curbed which is a real
estate site obviously that's real estate
classified ads we've launched a jobs
board for the restaurant industry for
eater and we're looking at things to do
in the rackspace in the classified
market I like it because we're never
going to be the kind of site that has 1
billion page views or 1 billion visitors
we're a little more locally focused
we're going to be a little more niche so
the classified business for us gives us
a way to you know build a second
business right alongside to display ad
business your sites have always had a
very strong voice and I think some of
that might have to do with your history
working for Nick Denton at Gawker what
do you make of all the new kind of Robo
content factories like AOL seed or
demand media yeah associated content who
might want to give a company like you a
pipe of you know constantly cheap
streaming stuff coming in that might be
less expensive to produce say than the
stuff you're doing yeah I mean I'm
fascinated by what these guys are doing
but the thing that has always drawn me
to the blogs that I love is the strong
voice of the writers that write for them
and I think to have a blog populated
with a lot of you know Robo content for
me would eliminate a lot of the value of
what our sites bring to the table which
is yeah you get in for me
from us but I think you also want to be
entertained by a great blog and a site
like curbed New York our editor Joey
Iraq here he takes the seemingly you
know dull dull as anything topic of real
estate which traditionally has been
presented with such a bland way and like
makes it a daily dose of hilarity and I
think that's why a lot of folks read the
site and I wouldn't want to screw with
that how do you do that is it celebrity
is it pictures it's a little of
everything it's also just having a sense
of humor where you can you know make the
blant something bland into something
funny I mean it's just it's just having
the talent so newspaper companies
obviously moving more online magazine
companies etc who comes in and gives you
a good run for your money well I think
this stuff in New York magazine does is
spectacular and in the eater space they
have their grub Street property and our
eater property are sort of locked in a
classic engadget gizmodo style death
match each categories a little different
in racks category the fashion blog area
is tons of sites interestingly no one
seems to have really broken out and
created a site that is the dominant in
the industry I think we have by focusing
on shopping we differentiate ourselves a
little bit and in curbs case I think
we're really mostly you know a site like
brownstoner here in New York which is a
great brooklyn real estate blog i
wouldn't say competes with us but each
city has a couple other blogs sort of in
the space but actually we all tend to
play pretty nice together cool and I'd
be a fool if I didn't ask you about the
ipad is it something you're excited
about or that something that you know
the magazine guys are getting fluffed
about but it's not really gonna do
anything I don't know I haven't talked
to anyone in like new media and by that
I mean someone who like runs a company
that's just new media that is coming up
with an iPad strategy it's like all
these other guys need an iPad strategy
like I'm excited to get an iPad yeah and
if it turns out that people want to
consume content in some special way on
their iPad then I can't imagine them to
be that hard for us to build something
that will let our content do that but
the idea of having an iPad strategy to
me right now strikes me as just complete
absurdity
