Matt in one sentence what is the Pirates
dilemma so the Pirates dilemma is the
problem of what we do about digital
information and content spilling out
everywhere without anybody being able to
control it so what have we learned from
Pirates thus far what's our biggest
lesson I think the thing that we can
really learn from piracy is that often
it's a market signal often it's a sign
of market failure it's a sign that
something's not going quite right in the
system for the marketplace that you
operate in and if pirates are doing
something that your consumers really get
behind then fighting priority isn't
always the best strategy sometimes it's
better to look at what those pirates are
doing figure out where the value is in
copy them so like you said limewire for
instance it's on one in three computers
what happens when society gets behind
pirates well the music industry is is
the perfect example it was really the
canary in the coal mine for what's
happening with with digital so if you
look at something like limewire if you
can you imagine if someone like sony BMG
ori mi if they'd bought limewire in 1999
or bought naps faster they would have
been where iTunes is today Steve Jobs
once said that the way to beat pirates
is to compete with them and that's
exactly what he did with iTunes and
that's why Apple was able to make this
really aggressive move into the music
business so in the music industry
competing with it and not fighting with
it proved to be the best answer
absolutely i mean if you look at where
digital's gone in terms of music all the
businesses that are doing really well of
the businesses that worked out new ways
to engage with audiences and to find
customers into and to connect with them
and earn money in other places rather
than just selling them plastic discs so
other than itunes and apples are Apple
what has been the most effective
corporate response so the most effective
corporate response and you see this
everywhere is people looking at what
Pirates do looking at the value and then
and then doing it themselves there's
examples everywhere from Nike looking at
sneaker pirates and people copying their
designs and then looking at the cool
things in those designs and coming out
with better designs there's examples in
the pharmaceutical business of big big
companies watching where people are
pirating their drugs
then going into those markets and
establishing new markets and giving away
the drug sometimes sometimes in much
lower prices often pirates are fighting
new pioneers that kind of finding new
markets and new things that people kind
of inside the box the marketplace can't
often see now you offered your book for
free on your website you also have it on
amazon has offering it for free open up
more opportunity for you absolutely so I
offer it under a pay-what-you-want model
on my website about ten to fifteen
percent of the people pay five dollars
or more for a copy of that book it
didn't cannibalize digital book sales
physical book sales at all it actually
caused a spike in physical book sales
because of all the press we got mm-hmm
and in terms of all the other
opportunities in terms of speaking at
conferences or consulting or all the
opportunities that business books are
really about they're really giant
business cards a lot of business book
authors myself included making a lot
more money from all the things they do
other than selling books so do you think
that the free where is the answer
further our entrepreneur or the artist
that's just getting started I don't
think is the right answer for everybody
if you look at the music industry again
there isn't one business model that fits
every single artist Justin Timberlake
has 150 revenue streams now that works
for him it might not work for another
band on the same label as him let alone
a different label the problem we're
dealing with online with digital is is
really a problem of complexity and us
not understanding how you make all these
new smaller revenue streams work
together rather than one big revenue
stream which may be sort of the case in
the industry you're in for but we're
starting to get it but the answer is
that this route is really about you and
what you do where your customers are and
how you can create a really unique
business model so one last question in
terms of films how do you think they're
going to solve the problem of privacy so
it's definitely be compete with it right
so this this kind of two things going on
one is the box office which has never
been stronger I don't think that's going
to change until we invent a better way
to go on a first date with someone spend
two hours in the dark I think holly was
going to be fine in terms of the shift
from DVD to digital formats
think blu-ray or any other physical
format is going to be the answer because
customers have already moved on the
answer really for them i think is coming
up with because there's so many ways to
pirate the film it's really about giving
consumers as many ways in fact more ways
to get something legitimately
