welcome back today we're talking to
Dennis Crowley co founder of foursquare
tell us what's foursquare again because
i'm not you know they were building
things for mobile phones that are
supposed to makes it easier to use and
it combines friend finders with social
city guides with a little bit of layer
of game mechanics on top to reward
people for doing interesting things so
you said something interesting the other
day we wrote a story about how Facebook
is coming out with their own little
check-in feature and you said that by
the end of 2010 you expect check-ins to
be a commodity that's interesting what
did you mean by that I think well I mean
everyone's kind of getting into the
check-in game and so even when we we did
it back in the day with dodgeball we
start a bunch of competitors and that
was before the day where everyone was
come sharing data and now that you know
open api's of the norm I imagine that
there'll be a lot of services that are
offering check-in services or check in
functionality and that they'll
eventually go to some common place and a
lot of different applications be able to
push and pull from them so how does how
does foursquare you know how do you make
it so it's more than a commodity on
foursquare what do you do to make it so
people incentivize them to keep checking
in yeah well we always thought the thing
that was broken with dodge ball was
there was no incentive to check in and
you know the big thing that's different
in foursquare is we try to curate that
experience so something different
happens every time like you might get
notified about a special that's nearby
Mike SR some point see my turn some
badges and I think the sweet spot is
kind of curating that experience so that
it is fun to check in every time and you
want to keep doing it over and over
again there's this perception out there
that four squares killer app for New
York City then it's very popular on the
coast even San Francisco how do you do
you think that's a fair perception and
and if it is how do you break into
mainstream America what is what i call
the normals yeah well i mean i think
this stuff is always going to work in
you know in areas of high density at
high density of people or places or
things to do and it just so happened
that that you know those normally
overlap with large cities that being
said I mean there's pockets of density
everywhere you go and college campuses
you know II used to say that it doesn't
something that works so great in Boston
it works in certain pockets of Boston or
doesn't work so great in New York it
works in certain pockets of New York
sure so the big challenge for us is you
know how do you expend that or extend
that use case to folks that are outside
of those larger areas and so some of the
stuff that we're doing with partnering
with larger media companies or
you know just trying to offer a greater
breadth of functionality kind of
addresses those issues you sold your
last startup dodgeball to google and
Google's going on a massive acquisition
spree now they say they're going to buy
a company a month it's google good at
acquiring companies or integrating them
you know you left after a couple years
but I think it depends you know we were
there we were there in a really
interesting time when I think you know
the New York office was was really just
starting to ramp up and I don't think
that was the right time for us to be
there I think you know you have to
evaluate it on a case-by-case basis and
you know it depends on how large the
company is and what and you know what
the company is actually doing and how
that fits into the larger plans
