tell me thank you for being with us
today you say that the US economy is on
steroids what exactly do you mean by
that a look at the look at the US
economy as an athlete athlete fell broke
her ribs and but he still had the
marathon to run so what happens you
basically pumped in normal amount of
service into the athlete athlete got up
and he's riding so they look at them it
seems to be doing alright but what about
you know what they don't see is that
this performance is completely driven by
the steroids at work you know in the
case of the economy we have this giant
ma the enormous amount of stimulus
pumped into the economy and that's what
keeps us going you know that's what is
responsible for the economic numbers
that you see you know you know its gdp
growth you know cash for clunkers
financial injections exactly um so what
is the longer term Daniel adjust or
damage of so much stimulus well souls so
goodness the we have Nia we have all the
stimulus like using your cash for
clunkers we have the the mortgage the
mortgage market is completely you know
it's you know they may trade America
responsible for language alone etc and
interest is extremely low okay so the
problem is at some point no you know
we're gonna have to have banks generate
walls some at some point you won't be
able to keep interest rates at this
level so when interest rates rise that's
going to be a tremendous headwind
cumulative to the economy this kind of
addicted this is low it not to this low
interest rates so the bottom line is
this is in something in it in the future
we're going to have a probably a high
debt burden high taxes and high interest
rates and means we're going to have a
lower economic roles and that's not what
is priced into the stock market today so
what is the detoxification process gonna
entail that's what we have to look
forward to is this is gonna be painful
that's right i mean i guess you're gonna
have to check into rehab ah well the
it's going to be probably painful
because you know economic growth is
going to be slower if you look at a lot
of stocks today they're basically they
are looking at the recovery as a we had
excelled in one recovery as if it was a
normal
session recovering from a normal session
and the cyclical stocks are basically
price for perfection another do an
example Anika a couple last earnings
call or maybe they want gone before the
caterpillar they said you know they
expect the revenue to start to grow in
you know you know later 9 2010 because
they will benefit from 3.7 trillion
dollar global stimulus the question is
what is after that right I'm going to
have another three point seven eleven
stimulus so the bottom line is a lot of
this stimulating as stimulus this future
is basically it's still in future me of
future demand and that's what we have to
look forward to no lo accrual no then
many people today so do you think the
market has got away ahead of itself you
know I have a wish list of stocks which
can have 300 stocks I look at and push
that have a bike hold and cell-based
innovation truth only a handful of
stocks are advised right now so the
market in this market is a very Molly
and a lot of stocks pricing this
incredibly v-shaped recovery this very
likely to happen now you're saying that
the market is pretty much range bound
for some time obviously investors Brian
it supports selling at resistance that's
where they're going to make their money
what what stocks and what sectors are
you interested in let me clarify one
thing okay the arrangement market you
know that kind of realize what you just
said right well when this week after I
wrote the book I realized that they
actually use the word sideways because
then people don't assume that i know
with the ranges ok but so the in this
environment it's really buying the
market and holding for a long time will
give you what happened was the case
basically a lot of volatility in your
portfolio will be the same old work on
where you started so this is a time to
pick individual stocks okay this is time
to be buy and sell investor actually buy
stocks when they are undervalued
individual stocks yet try not trying to
time the market by trying to value
individual stocks buying one day
undervalued we're going to get to the
fair about level you sell and you look
father stacks to buy so don't be afraid
to hold large cash positions if you
don't
thanks to buy what you're looking for
you know what is one of your favorite
undervalued stocks you believe right now
I think the scepter overall distance all
de mostest pharmaceuticals okay this dog
like an example price Pfizer is a
perfect example today's price he know
what the problem is though there was an
investor's hate visor because it hasn't
got anywhere in 10 years stock is down
from 50 to 20 it has a huge drug at New
York's drug expressions like a lipitor
group okay but if you look at Pfizer and
you basically discount and basically
figure out what the cash flows are going
to be going forward assuming all the
drugs that expired will expire and
revenues to welcome you ninety percent
for those drugs that's what the dr the
stack working out prices in today in
other words this is a stock that price
is an absolutely no growth going forward
and this is the company spends 11
billion dollars a year on R&D ray and
has a hundred drugs in the pipeline so I
have a bad okay that at some point
they're going to come up with new drugs
okay in the meantime you collect four
percent dividend so it's almost like
this very little downside the upside is
i don't know where Adam not they either
going to come out with new drugs and you
know you get focus on your dividend to
wait
