this is a recurring trend in the United
States which is that we'll have a an
exogenous price spike oil will go
through the roof suddenly everybody is
talking about Green Power sustainability
renewability five months later the price
of oil drops its cricket nobody hears
any of that anymore disappears what is
it about the United States that makes it
so that we cannot or at least have not
put the kind of policies in place that
Europe has why is it so hard to put
these policies in place Henry we have
short-term memories in this country and
and it seems that we look for instant
gratification the thing that put me in
the energy business 35 years ago was
after the second arab oil embargo and I
saw the dislocations you know economic
dislocations lining up in block line gas
lines to fill your car on an odd or even
day what's happened and at that time we
were importing twenty-eight percent of
our energy from foreign countries and
they remember Jimmy Carter had the
sweater on and we were going to achieve
energy independence it was a moral
equivalent of war unfortunately when the
price collapsed people went back to
their profligate ways and but you take a
country like Denmark which was there
were two countries cut off during that
embargo it was America and Denmark and
Denmark basically said never again we're
going to we're going to free ourselves
from importing foreign energy today they
get 20 pitch over twenty percent of
their power from wind by 2020 they're
going to have fifty percent they've
created an industry which they're
exporting now all over the world so I
think at this point when we're importing
over sixty percent of our energy from
foreign countries and transferring
trillions of dollars of America's wealth
to these countries
that are taking these funds and turning
it against us through terrorism through
you know the geopolitics we have got to
finally it's been the biggest national
policy failure in my lifetime not really
standing up firmly and and attacking
this problem and what do you think it
will take I I think it's going to take
we got a price carbon we have to put a
price on carbon whether it be through a
cap-and-trade or whether it be through a
revenue-neutral carbon tax because we
are not calculating in the external
costs of carbon pollution and and I'm
not only talking about climate change
and healthcare impacts I'm talking about
the billions of dollars monthly that we
spend in in trying to keep the supply
lines open and sending you know American
men and women over to these foreign
countries that sometimes leave their
lives over there so i think what it's
going to take it's going to take a way
to break free from the from the from the
coal and oil lobbies they have
tremendous influence but i think that
the American public is becoming ed you
know is getting educated about these
issues and when I go on college campuses
and I talk to young people I mean
they're going to be the ones that are
going to inherit this environment and I
think that they've had it up to here
they want to see us moving away from
fossil fuels and all the problems it's
cost us and in our health and our
economic security and our national
security and they want to see us move
towards renewable energy and it's going
to happen
