welcome back to a special mobile edition
of you ask we answer the first question
today comes from tim hobbes who asks
will android google's mobile operating
system dethrone the iphone and when well
that depends on what kind of stat you're
looking at you're looking at strict
market share are you looking at share of
the US market worldwide and apps at just
kind of subjective mind chair and the
answer to each of those questions is
different right now obviously apple's
market share is much bigger than
google's and that's because it's
available in more countries worldwide
and kind of has a bit i would say a more
known brand and also is available on
more carriers those things will change
because google android is going to be
built into phones for more manufacturers
it's going to be available in more
countries and on more carriers pricing
is also a big deal so far there's no
android phone that really competes with
the $99 iphone 3g unless you're looking
at kind of older device that's going to
change as well as slower messaging
phones that are not quite smartphones
become cheaper to produce those will
become Android phones and soon Android
will be available as a free option or
something that may cost twenty nine
dollars or something like that so if
you're looking at strictly the high-end
stuff like the nexus one that and the
iphone will probably it's going to be a
little while before google catches up
but what could easily happen is if
Google Android becomes something that
motorola and samsung and LG build into
they're really cheap kind of lower end
messaging or feature phones as the
industry calls them that's one place
where Android could really kind of jump
ahead of Apple because smartphones are
still you know while they are growing
market growing maybe 35 to 50 percent
year-over-year depending on where you're
looking the mobile market is still huge
smartphones are a relatively small chunk
of them and these messaging phones so a
lot of units if you're looking at
something else like developer mindshare
or apps that are being made I think it's
going to take longer before people catch
up to Apple I was at a mobile event last
night where someone said a developer
said the iphone app store is still the
only way to make money selling apps
Google has an app store of course it has
thousands of applications but the
commerce options just are not as good as
apples and until Google makes changes
there the iphone app store is still
going to be the app store of choice for
developers both because of the commerce
options and also just the install base
with the iphone and the ipod touch being
so large so what can google do to get
better a it has to do better with the
commerce options that you need google
absolutely must make it easier for
people to buy apps to buy virtual goods
within apps google must make the
application process easier for
developers they have an advantage that
they don't need apps to be approved
before they get into the store but they
have the disadvantage that the tools
just aren't as good as apples are and
also they need to do better with
marketing right now you cannot search on
your desktop through the android app
store you could only do it on the phone
it's harder to take screenshots of apps
unless you have the sdk installed on
your computer there's a lot of stuff
where Apple just has a more polished
complete experience and that's where
Android needs to improve so the next
question comes from app world first
question is stats are most downloaded
free and paid iphone apps not quite sure
what this question means Apple of course
keeps an up-to-date listing of the most
popular free apps the most popular paid
apps and also the top grossing apps
where they measure units sold by the
average price if you're curious about
how many apps per day are sold in the
top few slots my last understanding was
in the US it's for the free apps i think
it's around maybe 50,000 to a hundred
thousand a day and for paid it could be
around 10,000 a day but don't quote me
on that
it's tricky because Apple will never
tell you any of this stuff and
developers choose to report this stuff
on a self-selecting basis so and I'm
sure it depends on the day Christmas Day
obviously is a huge day for epson some
days are probably much slower but it is
possible i think within a week if you're
the top free app for the whole week and
you're in a lot of countries you could
probably get a million users that way i
think that's sort of how apt tap revenge
has has so many users across the iphone
and ipod touch and Verizon claims that
droid users average same data usage as
iphone users can you confirm that and
what is the average that question also
from app world that would make sense to
me you know I that's just data that
Verizon and AT&T probably aren't going
to share with anyone but it makes sense
because if you think about the way the
Droid and the iphone are used it's
pretty similar a lot of email a lot of
web full browsers who can download full
pictures some video the iphone and the
droid also have Wi-Fi connection so a
lot of people are uploading a lot of
their data usage to Wi-Fi which does not
affect the cellular network so i don't
really know what the real data usage is
but i can tell you my personal data
usage in the last year and a half or so
on the iphone with a lot of Wi-Fi usage
so this is affected by that i've
downloaded 3.3 gigabytes and i've
uploaded 383 megabytes so that's really
not that much data you know that's not
even one dvds worth of download and it's
not even you know it's not even four zip
disks worth of uploading so AT&T you've
made a pretty nice margin off of me
