Spencer as the downturn in the housing
market made zillow more relevant you
have a ton of content on your site
people advising other people you have
the QA has the activity actually
increased over the last year activities
increased a lot and part of that's been
driven by the housing downturn part of
it by an increasing feature set but our
traffic was up about fifty seven percent
in 2009 verse 2008 and market volatility
benefits information providers so a lot
of our traffic growth has come because
of the housing downturn so sometimes and
now especially owning is a lot more
expensive than than renting and I know
that zillow recently entered the rental
market was that out of necessity or is
that just a natural progression of the
model it's natural progression we always
had rentals in our sites i mean it it
makes sense really to have for sale and
rentals on the same website in fact when
we launched rentals just last month we
became the first major real estate site
to have for sale homes and for rent
homes available in the same map and the
same list to look at at the same time
and about a quarter of all home shoppers
now are looking for for sale and for
rent homes at the same time so it's
really quite a benefit to be able to
look at them side by side so you grew up
in New York I know that you've lived in
LA how does zillow approach these dense
markets it's got to be difficult we have
our niche sites like bid on the city and
citi habitats and whatnot how does the
low think about these cities um it's
hard it's very hard particularly was
estimates which is probably what zillow
is still best known for these valuations
on almost every home the country it's a
very hard to value Manhattan real estate
for example I mean it's it's hard for
real estate agents or buyers to evaluate
no less for a computer algorithm which
is what zomos trying to do so it's
extremely difficult those are bright
spot geography of the u.s. is any place
where housing market is actually booming
or doing better than save Detroit not
quite booming but but those data shows
that Boston in LA I've actually already
bought them so there now it may be a
very long slow climb off that bottom but
we think the worst is behind us some
sort of
values in Boston in LA not so much New
York yet right so what are you
estimating them for 2010 and beyond um
what's the housing market look like so
the numbers at the end of 2009 we're
home values were declining around six
percent year-over-year which was
actually the lowest rate of decline
since december two thousand seven so
home values are still going down but not
nearly as much as they were a couple
years ago we still think there's another
10 or so percent drop down the downside
nationwide now nationwide is kind of not
that interesting to any individual but
you know in terms of how we learn a data
it's it's important but some markets and
some price ranges are already starting
to come back I think more importantly is
it's going to be a very slow recovery
from there it's going to be five or more
years of low single-digit appreciation
rates we should you know forget about
the boom times this is not going to
we're not going to return to that it's
going to be a long period of slow
recovery so you say we still have ten
percent down side wins the bottom coming
nationwide we think the bottom is still
about 9 to 12 months out but again some
markets have already reached it great so
we're looking at 2015 for back to normal
levels well the normal is a relative
term this may be normal oh yeah but yeah
in terms of returning to the peak we
think it's going to be quite a long time
five to ten years before he returns to
people great thanks Spencer thank you
