Oh treaty I like it I think it's
exciting seizures for little children oh
it sounds good regular programming and
viewing in 3d hurts my head cuz you
usually throw those glasses I think it's
unnecessary yeah I wouldn't be too keen
on glasses probably not as convenient as
just having your eyes open to the air I
mean I would try it yeah be nice to not
have to catch a movie that's in 3d in
the theaters if it improves the
experience of television who cares HD
and all that other stuff will play out
and this will be the next big fan as the
technology gets better it's going to be
very popular and probably will become
mainstream I think it would get really
popular that's how you be ready popular
I think it'll be really popular if
you're drinking or whatever and then you
watch it that would be amazing
