Jeff thanks for being with us Exxon and
Texaco are betting obviously on natural
gas with their recent acquisitions but
smaller natural gas related companies
are also focusing on oil and expanding
their oil activities what does this
dichotomy mean for the industry
obviously there's going to be a lot of
consolidation and the smaller companies
have to go where the money is but what
does it ultimately mean well I think
it's really a matter of getting every
last bit of these fossil fuels that we
can and the only way they're gonna be
able to do this at this point is
consolidation you know the one thing we
get so excited about all these new
natural gas finds and everyone's really
excited because finally you know natural
gas prices are going down and you know
we have this huge supply now but it's
kind of it's very dangerous to get too
excited about these things because you
know it's very easy to forget that you
know fossil fuels we deplete fossil
fuels less they're gone they're gone or
you get to the point where the no no no
longer economically viable to produce
and I think that's what's going to
happen natural gas I think it you know
in 10 years where we going to be you
know a lot of our new buses and trucks
in the future are going to run on a
natural gas so now you have a supply
that was once you know really utilize
just for for you know for one purpose
now a sudden coming a transportation if
you want a large scale so we're going to
go through the natural gas pretty fast
so i would think regulations going to
slow that down at all you know I I don't
know I think in some in some respects
you do need some kind of regulation
especially when it comes to the
environmental concerns i know that in
new york there's been some issues of
them are so it's not a Jewish absolutely
and I mean it's it's kind of like you
have to weigh your options and be
realistic about it of course we need
every we need every ounce of energy we
can get I mean there's no doubt about
that and you know that's why even people
that are not big oil advocates are
saying yeah we're going to have that
we're gonna have to drill offshore it's
going to happen but you know again weigh
your options
or we're going to get how 10 years 15
years of power from one source but are
we are we willing to pollute our water
to a point where we can no longer use it
you have the same problem in in Alberta
with tar sands operations I mean it's
completely destroying at the basket
River which millions of people rely on
for fresh water so I think with it
without regulation in place we're just
going to repeat some of the same
mistakes we've made in the past so how
expensive this oil need to get before
different kinds of green or alternative
energy can be cost-competitive why would
we both subsidize the not subsidized
well I would argue authority it's
already competitive you know this idea
of renewables relying on subsidies to to
compete it's an illusion fossil fuels
actually from 2002 and 2008 fossil fuel
subsidies came to I think seven years 79
billion dollars renewables got about
twenty nine billion dollars so the whole
idea you know renewable is only being
able to survive with subsidies is an
absolute illusion I think that you know
it's unfortunate we don't hear more
about that because it's it's it's an
issue that it's very easily forgotten in
Washington I when when when our
policymakers are standing up in front of
Congress and there and there they're
making their case for something I don't
know if they just don't know or or they
just prefer not to not to worry about it
because hey you know how long are they
going to be in office right do you see
more consolidation happening in this
sector in renewables in renewables and
oil I mean it obviously you have to go
to where the money is yeah I mean I
think there's gonna be consolidation
across the board and energy as far as
renewables absolutely i mean i think
that one thing in 2010 i had zeroed out
about this i think a lot of the smart
grid activity all that stuff's going to
get consolidated it's all technology
there are only a few companies that can
really take us to the next level so
you're going to see a lot of these small
private companies they're going to get
gobbled up real fast so the larger
companies I know Exxon has
the a clause where they can get out if
it's over regulated you see that being
an issue would that be a huge detriment
to natural gas and some of the at
smaller companies I think it depends how
they regulated I I personally don't
believe that that the government is
going to look at the water issue as as a
problem I I suspect it could be very
real New York things that's a problem
yeah absolutely but even though it's a
problem doesn't mean that they're going
to regulate it i think at the end of the
day you know special interest controls
what happened and I mean the reality is
you know it's very it's very very
difficult to fight to fight that you
know the big oil companies and the coal
companies and then this is an attack on
them it's just how it is this how our
system works and I you know as an
investor you have to be you know I think
you have to just be aware of these
things right so OPEC has a surplus 2010
what does that mean for the industry
well I I don't believe anything up
excess there's no I mean there's you
know OPEC is is about as reliable as
chinese drywall you know it's just it's
i don't believe anything they say
although everything they've said for the
last 10 years have been a lie and you
know and again if you start getting into
the whole idea of all we have all this
oil left I you know you can have as much
you want but you know the tap is only so
big and at some point you know
economically it's just it no longer
makes sense and I think that's really I
think that's really the issue at hand so
yeah don't believe okay thanks day sure
