welcome back to you ask we answer let's
get right to the questions shall we the
first one comes from heavy hitter who
asks i just inherited 100k
congratulations i'm 28 no debt good job
if you could make one big bet on the
market with it what would it be uh well
I'm not really in the business of market
forecasting I think I saw some Goldman
thing where they said go long the polish
zloty and short the Japanese yen in a
pair trade but uh I mean that'd be a big
bet you know I would definitely save
some of it the other thing maybe think
about emerging market peripheral Europe
debt like Greece I mean again I don't
know anything but I remember like last
March everyone was saying oh if you're
going to buy a corporate dead by only
the safest triple-a stuff of what junk
and obviously this has been the year of
junk debt so right now everybody is
super negative on all that kind of like
polish debt or sorry Greek debt and all
those countries so maybe the consensus
gotten to negative but again I don't
know anything please don't take any what
i say is advice another common surname
CNBC asks what are you buying right now
not really anything Chinese food I guess
mainly sir Lorenz as as the Abu Dhabi
Investment Authority is trying to exit
the city deal do you expect any more
sovereign funds to sell stakes and
Western corporations to have cash to buy
distressed assets in Middle East and
Eastern Europe the first part probably I
I suppose that a lot of these the
sovereign deals sovereign wealth fund
deals that were made sorry during the
boom may be unwound to some extent as
the US market is recovered they see a
chance to exit and as things hurt at
home as far as them buying distressed
assets in Middle East and Eastern Europe
it's possible Eastern Europe probably is
a place where they look although look
how well it worked for them when they
thought they were getting agree
d on all these distressed banks and then
those stocks continued to tank for a
long time so maybe they're a little
nervous about taking big risks d cortex
asks do you think Paul Volcker would
make a better fed chair than Bernanke I
don't know I Paul Volcker is really
popular people like them and people
think he is really forthright but who
knows what it would act how he would
actually be during a crisis like this
you know one thing to consider when he
was fed chair his battle was inflation
and he just had the stones to you know
hike interest rates and deal with the
fact that the economy was going to be
weak for a while and whip inflation this
is kind of a different situation we're
battling right now and there's probably
a good chance he would do the exact same
stuff Bernanke would maybe his rhetoric
would be a little different but I don't
know i'm not i'm not particularly anti
Bernanke i'm not particularly provoke or
in this case i think that the sort of
disparity between them people see is a
little more black and white than it
really is ss asks do you have any
political philosophy or consistent
understanding of the world on the basis
on which you reason not really your
analysis seems to favor the wealthy and
I'm wondering why I think that's funny
I've never you know pay attention that I
don't think that's actually the case if
there is a reason why my analysis seems
to favor the wealthy it probably just
because I'm being contrary and everyone
else is sort of their nails it doesn't
favor the wealthy and that's boring to
me so I guess that might be why as for
political philosophy I'm basically a
libertarian but I'm not really all that
dogmatic I kind of find dogma and all
that stuff to get really boring and so I
just like to have a good time and say
stuff that'll get you riled up which I
seem to have done the last one is should
Joe as may get a get with jon stewart
and start a business editorial feature
on the daily show absolutely let's get
it done if anyone from The Daily Show is
watching give me a call my numbers on
the site and that does it for us we
answer have a great Christmas and thanks
a lot
