welcome back we're going to just jump
right into
we're going to start with Bob from Boise
who asks all your sources within a 0 l
still with the company if so are they
taking the package and running for the
hills so I've got people who are doing
both so some are saying you know AOL is
just not the company for me they're
obviously making a big push towards
being this media company I've been here
15 years I'm not I've been on you know I
used to work for an access company it's
just entirely to recovery so they're
like I'm out here other people you know
I'm a journalist so I know a lot of
journalists and there's a few working
very well and so they're like you know
this is this they're they're embracing
me this is my future and so um and there
are people who who are at I have helped
shape the strategies of course they're
staying so it's a very dancer and I just
think people are realizing that AOL is a
different company that it used to be and
so this is a great opportunity to leave
if it's not for you Vicki asks the
online space can feel like overkill with
so many websites offering the same kind
of services and experiences if you could
shape the digital landscape for 2010
which web startups would you choose to
succeed and why so this is you know
shaping the digital landscape I don't
know about that but I will say that one
startup that I wish more people outside
of the digital space would use are ones
like Foursquare or gowalla and that's
because I just find them so useful you
know it's Friday and you forgot to make
plans you know you're on these people
who you know just those things by the
seat of your pants and so I it's great
to like look at your iphone and say oh
this person's at this bar as persons of
that bar and sort of just make social
decisions based on that so Foursquare or
its up its its rival that's doing really
well and just got a big round from
greylock gowalla so Logan item which is
media mogul backwards asks he rejoins us
to ask or she rejoins us to ask with
Jack Dorsey square being the talk of the
tech media crowd lately do you think
it's overhyped I think that's probably
fair I mean twitter is such a huge huge
story in itself that anybody associated
with it is going to get a
a lot of hype and and I heard that this
is true amongst the people with the
money as well like that was one of the
hottest angel deals that has gone down
at a long time people were fighting over
it and eventually khosla ventures walked
away with a deal I definitely overhyped
it but at the same time it's exciting to
see a startup that is actually trying to
solve a business problem you know how
great would it be to go to a hot dog
vendor and just swipe and pay with your
credit card because he's holding an
iphone at the same time the overhype a
factor is that hot dog vendors don't
want to pay credit card fees and I think
a lot of them also probably don't like
paying taxes and so that's why they
don't accept credit cards that because
they have to report that there it makes
it much harder just to skip that if you
have credit card transactions glass
hammer asks what three gadget gifts
would you recommend for sixty dollars
unless gift cards don't count direct
okay so we had a list ten things for
iphone owners to buy gifts for those
types people so i would recommend
looking at that i think that if you have
a smartphone such as a blackberry and
you're prone to dropping them all the
time it's really nice to have a case and
those run about 30 bucks also nike makes
this really cool accessory for iphone
ipod owners where you can actually
attach a gadget to your shoe and sort of
see how long you ran through your pace
was tempo and stuff like that that's
like I think thirty bucks and then
there's also this weird sort of filter
you can put on your on your camera your
camera phone and it's sort of like you
can make it so there's three people in
the picture when they're we used to be
one sort of those are some fun stuff
that's 15 bucks but it's hard to find
gadgets for under sixty dollars of that
is for sure finally Braun call asks if
you comb your hair will you lose your
superpowers and the answer that question
is I don't know but I have a question
for you Bronco why would we want to find
out anyway I'm Nicholas Carlson and
thanks for joining us
