have we borrowed ourselves to death are
we headed for a two decade long period
of economic hell like Japan which is
also borrowing up the wazoo our guest
today John Mauldin you've been very
vocal about saying that we are really
headed down a dangerous course long term
not near term but long term with the
borrowing may not well the real problem
is that when you take all the
mathematical equations and so savings
equals investments so when the
government is dis saving that means you
and me and businesses and foreigners and
the kindness of strangers have to make
up so that we can have something for
investment because you've got to have
investments from / into private
companies that's where the jobs come
from and even that sort of what the
government is trying to do with our
Achilles money in it in the short-term
government spending will increase GDP
but in the long term it has it has zero
a multiplier effect so what we need is
private industry investing and that's
where the real jobs and growth comes
from so that's when the Keynesian come
in and argue that well we need some
stimulus to make up for the drop of
consumption there correct but it doesn't
help long term and long term if you keep
running trillion-dollar deficits or as
more realistic assessments it goes back
up to 2 trillion by the end of this
decade you suck all of the air out of
the room that's why Japan has had no job
creation for 20 years their nominal GDP
is where it was 17 years ago and we run
the same danger what we got to do is to
get the deficit down and put incentives
in for private businesses to create jobs
so I got to ask whether we're going to
become Japan because it sounds horrible
but first so when is this going to kill
us we have we got a lot of debt now but
Japan had a lot of debt 15 years ago
japan japan had fifteen percent savings
rates and they sucked all the savings
into the end of the government system we
don't have fifteen percent savings right
now we're going to go up to seven or
eight but
we don't want all of that money going
into government debt the answer is we're
never going to get to that two trillion
dollar deficit because we can't you know
it's just too big the markets won't fund
it and so some time and I don't know
when a year two years three years if we
don't show a credible plan to get back
to manageable debts the markets just
going to jerk our chain rates go up we
have another crisis will if we haven't
fixed our too big to fail banks will
have banks too big to fail again and we
you know will be forced to act
rationally we're not going to hyper
inflate goals not going to 50,000 but
we're gonna we could have a problem now
if on the other hand we stand up and say
you know this is too much debt this is
too much deficit we're going to have a
credible path and and pull a number out
of the air 150 billion a year we're
going to reduce the deficit by for the
next you know five years and we're
they're going to reduce it by growing or
by increasing taxes if you want to or by
actually cutting spending something that
you know is you can see inconceivable
but we have to do that otherwise the
bond market will just take us by the
throat and dragged us off you think we
will be forced into a crisis decision
here it's not something that's just
going to be the elephant in the room for
15 years no no we didn't you can't fund
15 trillion dollars in the next eight or
nine years there's just not out there I
mean you can't find more than a hundred
percent of GDP the world's going to give
us about 300 billion dollars a year
that's what they're doing now because
that's what we're buying other stuff I
they turn around and conveniently put it
into our debt but to find another one
point two trillion 1.3 trillion every
year it's not there thank you Jeff
