the old model of venture investing is
produce some horrible returns over the
past 10 years which has led a lot of
people to say what is it is in venture
investing over is it done in some
quarters it probably seems to be but
some firms such as New York's union
square ventures of doing extremely well
and Roger you say that in part this is
because they really have a new approach
to investing in venture capital no
that's right Henry kind of what I coin
it is kind of the ecosystem approach to
investing where you know historically
venture firms have kind of wanted to own
a deal and keep all the capacity for
themselves and say they need to own
twenty-five percent of a company in
order for the deal to make sense for
them and that's really old school what
firms like Union scale Square has done
what I've done as an angel and what a
number of smaller firms in the New York
area have done is really take this
approach of we want to build the best
syndicate that can really help d risk
the early-stage nature of these
companies syndicate of investors coming
in exactly so instead of being so
focused on I own twenty-five percent of
the company or twenty percent of the
company it's better if I own fifteen
percent of the company but I surround
myself with strategic value added
investors who can really help mentor
with a company make key business
development relationships and help
nurture its growth and if you do that I
mean it sounds great right you've got
all sorts of different expertise you're
not just relying on a particular
partners brilliance or the founders
brilliance and so forth but don't you
get a too many cooks in the kitchen sort
of thing or you spread out
responsibility so much that nobody cares
it's just chump change investments for
each person now that's a great question
and I think the way that that's been
mitigated to date is where there is a
distinct lead they're the ones that have
the board representation and they're the
ones that are kind of the the linchpin
if you will they're the the face to the
board but company CEO wants to reach out
to somebody in a given sector and one of
their investors has that relationship
not necessarily the VC then they go
straight to them and the investor's
perspective isn't I want control it's
simply I want to help and I want to
maximize the value my investment
and in that model does it change the
kind of companies you invest in and what
makes them successful or do you still
need a good idea and a great team at the
company to execute sure done a very good
question i think it really subjects
itself well in things like digital media
social media advertising technology
where you're selling into specific
customer bases where legacy
relationships are incredibly valuable if
you're doing pure science you know if
you're doing clean tech or biotechnology
then clearly i would say that approach
is less important now a broader question
about venture capital which is that part
of what happened in the 1990s in the
last five years of leading up to now as
you the reason funds got so huge because
the partners can make that much more
money fees under management and so forth
so that creates the need to put these
gobs of money to work in every deal and
so forth so it sounds like what you're
doing is much smaller scale it is
smaller companies they need less capital
is this going to drive a lot of
traditional venture firms out of
business I think the answer is yes is
that the combination of enabling
technology is getting much much cheaper
and the fact that a lot of these these
business models require just less
capital over their life that yes a lot
of those firms that have kind of morphed
into asset managers as opposed to being
true venture investors are going to go
by the wayside the rel peas are going to
say we're done but then those firms that
still can deploy significant amounts of
capital but it's going to be
longitudinally it's going to be over the
life of an investment it's not going to
be stuffing them with 10 million dollars
day one it's going to be playing in the
angel round playing in the early stage
and then leading their a and building a
bigger syndicate in there be and you
know some of those businesses I mean
zangoose or example of a company that
has required a lot of capital but it's
returns have been phenomenal and last
question quickly the top-tier firms like
kleiner and Sequoia are they adapting to
this model or do they have the prestige
where they can say no sorry we are
taking 25 percent I think there are a
few firms that will be able to continue
with the old ways but just a few and
there are lots and lots of firms that
raised funds in the hundreds of millions
and low billions of dollars that do not
have the Sequoia and the client or
legacy that are roadkill Thank You Roger
thanks Aaron
