I
cloud Nichols Carlson and today we
talked to Michael cast president of
inner click enter click joined the
Nasdaq last week but it's been a
publicly traded company for a while
after reverse merger when we did a
reverse merger in late August 2007 so
some startups I these reverse mergers is
a great way to get exits would you ever
recommend a reverse merger to a start-up
or i would i would have to say to
whatever startup is evaluating do you
have the operational maturity do you
know your plan over the next 18 to 24
months and you have enough cash in the
bank there's obviously incremental cast
costs that are associated with operating
as a public company and a lot of the
times smaller private companies find
that spending cash in that way is not
necessarily the most efficient use of
proceeds was there ever a moment when
you were just like wow I wish we hadn't
done this and what was that moment yeah
I mean I think pretty early on keep in
mind when we went public via the reverse
merge in the middle of 2007 the capital
markets looked a lot different than they
did just a few months later and when the
when the capital markets turned on their
head we looked back and said you know
what we probably shouldn't have done
this so you survived it you're on the
Nasdaq now you had a nice quarter what
was the trick I mean what it was a it
was a tough trial how did you get there
yeah just focus on execution you know
the value in this industry isn't isn't
delivered via proprietary relationships
I can go out and I can work with the
same publishers as one of my competitors
I can go out and buy the same data as
any one of my competitors it's about
what do you actually do with that how do
you execute and how do you deliver value
for the client what's the sneaky
advantage of being public because you
know for you know you went for all this
what's the good aspect of it yeah well I
think it's increased visibility
obviously we're on a very strong growth
trajectory and now people are going to
take notice being over the counter
traded company we were in that half
pregnant state now being on NASDAQ it's
it's really a sign of validate
that what we are doing is going to be
sustainable and you are going to see
significant growth from us into q4 and
then / 2010 and beyond okay well this is
michael katz i'm nicolas carlson thanks
so much
