so we're here with Michael cuts
president of inner click and Michael you
are the only pure play ad network traded
on the public markets and you join the
Nasdaq last week for us while it's not
certainly the finish line is very
validating we've put a lot of hard work
into our business over the past 24
months and this is just another part of
our corporate evolution what are some of
the benefits of the Nasdaq is it more
scrutiny people will look at the company
more seriously what sure yeah i mean i
doesn't matter i think that there's
definitely some some pros and cons and
you can evaluate them each individually
but you know certainly for our
advertisers when when working with inter
click they know that they're working
with a company that has to hold
themselves to a higher standard you know
certainly where sarbanes-oxley compliant
and they know that we're not going to be
some sort of fly-by-night at network and
you entered on a pretty nice foot right
you had a pretty good quarter we did we
would how did that happen I thought the
whole world was collateral haha well you
know it depends who you talk to you
right so yeah over the over the past 18
24 months we've grown quarter over
quarter and q3 of 2009 we just reported
on Wednesday and it was a record quarter
for us we grew thirty five percent from
q2 to q3 reached 14 and a half million
in revenues and by far most profitable
quarter today I'm Nicholas Carlson this
is michael katz
