kevin's opinion in terms of boiling down
the success of what works is you have to
have a good idea in a good industry and
then you have to move as fast as hell
before anybody else can get into it
let's get some of the best people and
let's pay them what they need to do give
them upside give them some money and let
them go with it it's not about the idea
the idea has to be sound but it's really
about execution we had a slight head
start in the beginning we had slightly
better technology and we had a better
management team and over time we were
very good about developing a better
management team which allowed us then to
move faster and it is course correcting
as you go if the original idea is not in
fact perfect you have to be willing to
change it as a public company we ended
up getting rid of our core business and
leaving us with our technology business
which ultimately became very valuable we
made the right decision but as you can
imagine it was a brutal change to go to
people who had built this over four
years it was doing four hundred million
dollars in revenue and get rid of it
this is someone who simply knows a
particular market very well obviously
does some initial research but then it
is right to the prototype stage and off
you go from there if someone if a VC
focuses a lot on the details of a
financial model I don't work with them
that means that they don't really
understand what they need to focus on is
is this a big enough market do we have a
good idea and we have good people
