we go back to a couple of the companies
that you've built they've gone through
these major we're transferring yes
double-click I think went from well over
a thousand people down to 700 from 2,000
people down to a thousand Peter got cut
in half how do you do that you've been
the evangelists you've persuaded 2,000
people to join their cause it's very
tough and it's it's even easier if you
just got rid of a thousand people one
day because then you're done with what
was even harder is that we got rid of
you know 250 and then another 250 and
then another 250 and then another 250
and so keeping morale the people
remaining is very very difficult so
you've got to just be out there with
people do the best you can be perceived
to be as honest as possible but even so
a lot of people were fundamentally
unhappy and I'm probably more people
were two left if they could have found
jobs elsewhere but it was a terrible
time so they stayed and everything
turned around and it stabilized and
ultimately we had a great business and
fair to say that if you are an
entrepreneur who intends to not just
have the idea and the incubation of the
company but wants to grow it to a big
successful level like that that you
simply have to be able to do that that's
a core competency it is a core company
it's really about evaluating talent I
mean if I you and I started talking
about the new york knicks you know you
would say look they're not going to be
good unless they get some better players
just that is what it is yeah you're
right well a company is like that too
you know you've jotted look around
tables they look do we have the best
people and can we get better people and
what if you have a good person is it
okay to say you know I'm sorry I need
somebody great goodbye even though I
like you yeah yeah you've got to have
the best people out there so now you're
taking a risk when you change so you've
got to be pretty confident but i always
look around and think is there someone
out there who could do a better job if
you don't do that you're going to end up
with be players and ultimately your
company will do badly and look we've
seen in the internet space lots of
companies so we're going along
eventually went under and everyone lost
their job and so that's what you should
keep in the back of your mind as CEO
that's the ultimate failure
