when doubleclick was founded in the mid
1990s as I recall there were lots of
companies that were kinda like double
click double click had the leadership
aura but what was it that enabled
double-click to actually be one of the
ones that survived as opposed to the
many that croaked so a year after we
started so there'll be a 97 we counted
that there were 37 companies doing
roughly what we were doing and so that's
a pretty daunting
you know lineup of companies out there
and EE ended up being by far the largest
and we had a slight head start in the
beginning we had slightly better
technology and we had a better
management team and over time we were
very good about developing a better
management team which allowed us then to
move faster so you know we went from 0
people in 96 to 4 years later we had
2,000 people in 35 countries it's hard
to move faster than that and that that
meant we really just pulled away from
our competitors and so you often hear
usually from the companies that don't
make it that it's unfair it's some sort
of PR perception issue that's created
out of thin air from what you're saying
at least from your perspective it
actually is simply reflecting the
reality that you had a better management
team and you were faster and you raised
more money and and so forth so how much
of it actually is PR and perception and
all these things people like I don't
think a lot of it is PR really and I
think even the first two years for
example I guilt we made a point of not
getting a lot of PR because we didn't
want to alert other people we want to
get a head start this is a great
business model and right now when
someone wants to enter the space and I
think there'll be many people that enter
in the next year you know a little bit
too late we have a big head start
we don't well it better this year we'll
have 300 employees so someone is gonna
start 300 employees behind me in this
business and I don't think they're gonna
catch up
