you know this is the case where we're
actually really proud of what what we
did in this case which is basically
reinvented the company from scratch
essentially took the cash and the people
and the technology and basically did a
restart as a public company started
basically a whole new company called off
swear within the context of the previous
company and then ultimately sold it for
two billion dollars i mean tremendously
successful over a period of years going
back to that moment though there are
lots of companies that just fail
completely all of our competitors are as
loud cloud all of our competitors is
likely what bankrupt head except for us
and so did you stop the burn earlier no
we ending crash earlier what was we have
to give we we sold with a magic deal we
pulled out a magic deal which was we
sold our managed services business dds
now which actually turned out to be a
great fit for edius because of what was
happening on their own business and they
were over a big and successful company
at that stage and have the wherewithal
to be able to basically make an
investment like that at a time when a
lot of other people couldn't but we
pulled off a deal with EDS where we
basically sold EDS our services business
and all the associated assets and the
burn rate and everything but also all of
our revenue all of our customers and
actually a lot of our people went over
and sort of that deal safe that deal
save the company EDS did that in part
because they wanted that business but
also in part because they wanted us to
actually do apps work because they
wanted to become a major customer of I
swear because they wanted it for their
own business and so that was a case
where the right deal at the right time
essentially saved the company so that
put us in a position where we could
restart but then we had to actually
build basically a whole nother startup
and you know we we enjoyed that process
like you know it's be less fun more fun
and not have to do it under the gun it
seems to me because there I've seen
other companies go through that that
there's core just ability to be flexible
and change if things are not going well
seems to be very core to success see a
lot of what happens in the valley anyway
if you look at the history of the major
technology franchise's most of them
started off doing something very
different than what they ultimately were
successful doing so Intel started out
doing memory chips ended up doing CPUs
Microsoft started out doing programming
tools ended up doing operating systems
Apple started out doing the Apple two
ended up becoming most successful for
the mac which had no bearing on the
Apple no relationship available to
Silicon Graphics started my part
Jim's company start out making graphics
cards for mainframes ended up making
super computers somebody's the other day
said that trying to understand what is
going to happen how a tech company tech
startup is going to be successful is a
little bit like looking at a sonogram
and then trying to predict the baby's
hair color it's like the it's like
incredibly hard to tell and so the idea
of really matters and the products
really matter and that all matters but
you know so little about the adventure
that you're undertaking at the time when
you're starting a new tech company that
you in our view you have to assume that
things are going to change and you have
to be able to change as you get the data
and so it really goes back to that leap
of faith and just maintaining
flexibility not trying to plan
everything for years ahead you have to
have a very healthy awareness of the fog
of war is basically the term that I use
is basically like you have to have a
very healthy awareness for what you
don't know and it's a little bit of a
paradox because the tech industry you
have to move quickly you can't you can't
move slow you have to move fast and you
have to be very decisive but at the same
time you have to be super flexible and
able and willing to reverse yourself and
you get new information and so there's a
whole class of decisions you want to
either you know either be able to
reverse your cell phone or postpone
making for as long as possible but you
have to know which decisions to make
quickly and which ones to defer a delay
and that's a huge part of the the art
and it is like a super uncertain process
the other thing is it's almost
impossible to disentangle the role of
luck right the amount of this that's
just sheer random chance I think we have
no idea like how much of this is just
sheer luck like why I'm sitting here and
not somebody else and why I'm not
working you know an organic mildew well
I'm not working to grocery store today
like I don't know but you know I'm sure
a big part of it was luck I don't know
exactly how much but for sure you have
to have a lot of humility around what
you actually know because you probably
don't know very much
