when they bought Netscape my opinion is
when AOL bought Netscape they did it for
a specific reason and this and the
reason worked which was they wanted to
be considered the internet blue chip
company they wanted to clearly be the
company that if you were an investor or
if you're an advertiser it was the
company that you would have to deal with
like the GE of the internet if you will
like the most important company and that
actually worked so in the wake of the
Netscape acquisition a well stock price
basically quadrupled over the next you
know two years and that put any well in
a position to buy Time Warner and they
figure that out very fast and that was
essentially a deliberate strategy and so
they're focused their focus on Netscape
was basically the day after the merger
they basically stopped worrying about it
because they were on to the next they
were on to the next thing which to
another good Time Warner merger and so a
well basically Netscape what was I mean
SK the business of Netscape
disintegrated rapidly at that point but
that's what happens when you sell your
company absolutely in that process I
mean I assumed that with this tremendous
success you get very identified
personally with the company it becomes
to some extent I would imagine your
identity at what point did you realize
there was gonna be life after Netscape
for you the date we sold it I mean I was
I was I was probably not as emotional as
I even even should have been on this but
it's it's if my view on it was kind of
pragmatic which was if you sell your
company then the buyer gets to do
whatever they want with it like you have
to in my opinion you have to emotionally
just connect from it at that point cuz
otherwise you're just going to torture
yourself and has it been painful to
watch it disintegrate
well painful in a I would say in a
painful in the sense of I mean it not
particularly like fun to watch but like
I said I just I assumed that it was
gonna you know they were gonna do
whatever they did with it and I wasn't
gonna like get emotionally wrapped up in
it because I would have no control over
it
