in reading through again some of the
criteria that you lay out in terms of
investments lots to talk about the
product lots of to talk about how you
prefer technical founders which is
interesting I want to talk about it in a
second but very little talk about the
business and so again this goes back to
this tension of product versus business
sounds like you are very focused on
product we don't believe there's a
tension between product and business we
believe there's a staging which is in
this industry you don't have a business
until you have a product and in
particular you don't have the business
until you have a product that a lot of
people want we have this concept we use
a term product market fit which is
basically you have a product that the
market wants and you can tell because
the market is pulling the product and
until you have that time spent building
the business around the product is
pointless because it's not going to go
anywhere like best case is gonna be a
zombie there's a lot of companies are in
the valley a lot of companies in the
valley and elsewhere that are you know
25 50 75 people they've got a product
nobody really wants it they sell a few
every quarter and they kind of eat got a
living and they go on for a year after
year after year after year after year
and they never get anywhere they never
go public they never get bought and
people just basically collect salaries
and that's not that's like not what we
want to do and that's not what's super
you know super high potential
entrepreneurs want to do so what we
basically say is if you want to build a
big success you've got to nail the
product you got it like it's got to be a
killer product it's got to be something
that has product market fit when you
have product market fit then you build a
company around it right so then you
build a sales force then you start doing
marketing and then you start doing
business deals then you start expanding
internationally and you do all this
other stuff and it's at that point where
you start to apply a lot of capital and
you build a big board and you start
hiring executives and doing all this
stuff but a full executive team with a
sales force and all that stuff before
you have the killer product is a
complete waste of time and every time
technology goes through a downturn it's
going through now you get people the
press they lob is obviously venture
capitalist became idiots because they
stopped investing in businesses they're
just investing in products now we're
back to serious business again where you
start businesses and again it sounds
like you think that's putting the cart
ahead of the horse in the technology
industry now I won't good like I don't
other industries maybe different retail
might be different or consumer packaged
goods might be different or sports might
be other industries are different in
tech if you don't have an ax new and
compelling and differentiated
product that HP doesn't have an IBM
doesn't have an Oracle doesn't have
Microsoft doesn't have there's no point
like there's absolutely no point in
doing it you might as well not even be
doing it and how much at the outset do
you have to know about what the business
is going to look like when you found in
Netscape I had very clear ideas of what
you thought it would look like so you
don't always know for sure I think
that's actually there's a myth running
around it I actually think some of this
has been sort of Facebook and Twitter
reaction I think there's a myth running
around that there are these sort of kids
running around out here and they sort of
start these companies and they do this
product I don't have the slightest clue
how are they gonna they're gonna make
money I generally do not find that to be
true even when people say they don't
know how they're gonna make money like
he's don't want to tell anybody okay I
won't tell anybody and you know in
practice for a lot of these things like
you know in my so I'm I do you have to
think about it you have to know that
you're ending up in some destination at
some point and in my experience the
great entrepreneurs who really want to
build companies like they're really
smarter thinking about that and they you
know they may not know for sure and they
may you know they'll you know they can
do or we can do an Excel model just like
anybody can do an Excel model and it
almost certainly won't be true but you
generally have some idea of how it's
going to work
