and if you go to business school I think
a lot of courses would tell you've got
to spend six months on that business
plan and research every aspect of its
this document that is perfectly proofed
and everything else for you set it out
sounds like even gets a load of bunk
that in fact you know kernel of an idea
and you run with it the process of
planning is very valuable for forcing
you to think hard about what you're
doing but the actual plan that results
from it is probably useless is the way
that we think about it so and in
particular like for example now that
we're if he seizes we're evaluating
pitches people coming in the door we
want to hear their plan we want to hear
it in some detail because we want to see
that they could think about the entire
thing end-to-end and if their initial
plan doesn't make sense then obviously
there's an issue right because you're
like okay obviously they're not quite
yet capable for whatever reason if fully
thinking that's through but when you get
somebody comes in and they present you
the perfect plan and everything is fully
integrated it makes sense all you know
from that is that they can come up with
a plan like that which is good now the
odds that that will be the plan they
succeed on is still very small
