so one of the things that you do
differently is that you're looking at
the core competency of the business and
just not how they do business how do you
select what's socially responsible yeah
there's a lot that goes into it
typically you would see right now
socially responsible companies with
what's called an environmental social
and governance rating and we go a step
further than that we're looking at what
the company is doing not just how
they're conducting business so an ESG
rating might say what are the policies
and procedures of this company and if
they're socially responsible and means
saying we've got you know solar panels
or we use wind energy to run our
business that's one thing that's ESG we
are looking at things from a more impact
investing lens and what that means is
that we want to see in the business what
type of revenue they're producing and
their core business that aligns with the
UN sustainable development goals and
these are 17 sustainable development
goals that are considered to be by a
hundred and ninety three world leaders
to be the most important challenges
we're facing as a planet so things like
clean water clean energy and disease
eradication are part of that and we're
looking at how is that business
developing revenue that aligns with
those goals and what sorts of companies
are in people's portfolios that are
considered socially responsible that you
don't necessarily think belong there
yeah you sometimes you'll see even oil
and gas companies Anadarko Petroleum
ExxonMobil these are companies that
would be in some ESG portfolios even
recently over the last month we saw a
name like Facebook in these portfolios
because in their data centers they were
using renewable energy versus saying you
know how can this business that has 90%
of their revenue tied to ad revenue be
socially responsible so we look more at
the companies in a different lens so a
couple of examples one Mohawk industries
would be a company in our zero waste
portfolio because they're taking plastic
bottles and making carpet out of that or
as eylem is in our clean water portfolio
because they aligned with sustainable
development goal number six which is
saying we're looking for clean water for
all now that's a company that produces
water pumps advanced drainage systems
something like that would be in our
clean water portfolio as well because
they're creating
that allows you know agricultural to
really get to this water in a more
sustainable way so those are a few
examples that would be more for us
impactful companies that would be in our
socially responsible portfolios you hear
a lot about this 17 sustainable
development goals do you which ones are
your favorites which ones do you think
will have the biggest impact on the
world going forward yeah I look at it
like from a hierarchy it's like what do
we need as humans to survive on their
first order we all need to have access
to clean water
so that's SDG number six there's also
health and well-being which is SDG
number three so those are two that are
top of mind to me as we think about some
of these things like even our air
quality and how that has an effect on
our health certainly if your health is
at risk and that would affect SDG number
three we want to make sure that we're
aligning you know these with these
companies and investing in them that are
actually producing results that are
gonna help us there but also again
making sure we have access to clean
water those are two very important ones
and do you think impact investing can
get the same returns as traditional
investments yeah yeah there's been so
many papers that have come out on this
topic now and a lot of them we put out
on our site but yeah I mean there's
there's not only studies that are
showing now that you can meet or exceed
broad market indices such as the S&P or
Russell 3000 you know one popular one is
it's called MSCI kld 400 and it's an
index that's got this kind of a screen
on at this environmental social and
governance screen on the 400 companies
in that portfolio and over the past 25
years since its launched its
outperformed the S&P 500 and the Russell
3000 so that's a good example and then
we just launched our portfolios back in
September of 2016 and to date we've also
outperformed the Russell 3000 so we're
outperforming them others like Al Gore's
firm generation investment management
they've shown their out performance as
well so I think more of these studies
and more of this actual performance is
coming out for everyone to see for
themselves that they can actually
meet or exceed these broad markets and
what do you think most people get wrong
about socially responsible investing I
this myth it still comes up about can I
get the performance out of it can I
actually invest and at the same time be
Purpose Driven so I think it's great to
see that we've got companies that are
solving these major challenges and
they're poised for growth because you
know as we think about you know day zero
and and you know Cape Town and thinking
about access to clean water or anything
you know it's around clean energy or
countries that are now banning ice you
know internal combustion engines all of
these initiatives and the companies that
are behind those and the solutions
they're providing are going to be the
ways that they that folks that invest in
those companies can get the return
they're looking for and not sacrifice it
so I think it's great to think long term
about not only the return you're getting
but the social return there's a lot of
externalities that are not in the stock
valuations that will play out over the
decades to come and right now we see it
in carbon emissions and carbon offsets
that you know we're looking for out of
companies and we'll learn more about
externalities like data privacy and how
important that is but I think it's
important for investors to understand
that those returns will sooner or later
as they're discovered and it's more
transparent will play into the
valuations of these companies so I think
it's going to be important to take that
into account when investing
