so tell me when did you get interested
in cannabis and how did you start due
diligence in an industry that was
largely illegal but about eight years
ago in May of 2010 I was sitting in an
office in San Francisco when a
technology company from the medical
cannabis space in California came into
my office and I was intrigued I was
looking for my next opportunity my next
venture and started researching the
industry researching it in California
Oregon Washington Colorado British
Columbia Jamaica Israel Spain anywhere
around the world with some form of legal
cannabis talking to cultivators and
processors retailers and and patients
and physicians and pharmacists to
understand the state of the industry
back in 2010 and the more I researched
it the more convinced I became that the
canvas of mainstream product consumed by
mainstream people around the world it's
a mainstream medicine consumed by
mainstream patients around the world
that was our first point that that was
really important to us the second thing
we saw was there tended to be this
myopic view that that cannabis
legalization was specific to Colorado or
California or Canada or North America
but but we truly believe that we're in
the midst of a global paradigm shift and
then thirdly we believe that in in the
cannabis industry just like any other
industry trusted brands with a
multinational supply chain will be the
companies that that win-win with
patients and consumers and regulators
around the world and so it's a
mainstream product in your eyes had when
did it become mainstream for investors
well we you know I would hope to say
that that today was a huge milestone in
terms of the the paradigm shift that is
taking place globally we started talking
to blue chip mutual funds long lonely
mutual funds a year ago that are
us-based and as part of those
conversations they wanted a cannabis
company to IPO in the u.s. to listen to
you in the US to be regulated by the SEC
and to report financials according to US
GAAP and
we heard that comment from them and
started a whole series of conversations
with the SEC NASDAQ and Canadian
regulators that resulted in us being
here today and there's many mainstream
investors now who are interested in it
but there aren't a ton of listed
companies that are available to them is
there a lot of money looking to be
placed in marijuana right now one of the
things I'm particularly proud of is that
70% of our investors today came from the
US about 18% came from Canada and 12%
were international so when we were out
marketing this to institutional
investors we really took a global view
we went to hong kong in sydney we went
to Frankfurt and London and and had a
tremendous response from those locations
and and to us that again signifies this
the the global acceptance of the
paradigm shift that is happening
cannabis medical cannabis legalization
is is happening in country after country
around the world and so there was there
was tremendous demand from investors not
only in the US but globally for a Nasdaq
IPO and what's the most important thing
for the success of till right is it the
continued legalization across the world
there's two things that are extremely
important to us so our products today
are available in ten countries on five
continents and so we continue to look at
new export opportunities to additional
countries around the world in those
countries our products our tail right
products are available in pharmacies and
so that's a hugely important at the same
time
Canada is the first g7 nation to
legalize cannabis for adult use
arrghh why was the first country Canada
the second country in the world we know
that that adult use opportunity will see
the first sale October 17th we know
that's a huge opportunity what we don't
know is how many other countries around
the world are going to follow in
Canada's footsteps and legalize cannabis
for adult use obviously a number of US
states have done so but we expect other
countries in the world to legalize adult
use at some point in the coming
and what are you gonna use the money
from the Ibo for so continued global
expansion we're increasing our
production capacity in in Canada as well
as Portugal so tilray was the one of the
first companies license in Canada the
first to have a cultivation license
outside of Canada so we have a facility
that is operating in Portugal today and
so we'll continue to expand that a lot
of the products that we produce in
Portugal are for the EU we ship a lot of
products today from Canada to Germany
and so Portugal's a lot closer and so we
expect other EU countries to follow
Germany's lead in terms of the
legalization of medical cannabis
you
