oh my god that's awful oh my god
we are on our way to try Sonic's new
pickle slush so and I hate pickles so
I'm not very excited I'm gonna take a
look like a knight variates
welcome out hi could I just get three
pickle slushies
I'm Alex and I love pickles I'm hoping
for great things but I'm really nervous
because it seems like people might not
love it that much
I'm Irene and I hate pickles I strongly
feel that pickles are evil cucumbers I
am really not excited about this it
looks really bright we're gonna pour it
out so you can see just how bright this
green is you can smell it and it just
smells like pickle juice I think I might
throw up so we'll find out oh my god
that's awful oh my god
I don't know why anyone would invent
something like this how is this making
you feel really nervous I would read it
negative 7 these pickles this is
terrible I guess it's my turn to taste
it I'm very excited I don't love the
color it doesn't look very natural I
think I should just do it here yeah okay
it's a little bit of a letdown only
because it doesn't like smack me in the
face with a pickle like I'd rate it like
the one tiny pickle I've up at a bottom
of the jar because it's like kind of
water and down and doesn't taste like
much
so I stepped out from behind the camera
cuz I really AM eager to try this
because I love pickles also it
definitely doesn't look great but it
smells so good oh my god okay so I love
this this is delicious I could like chug
this it's like so refreshing it's got
the salty like bitterness that I love
this is easily five out of five pickles
incredible
