when an organization is working
diligently to have accountability as
part of its culture accountability is
not just a top-down strategy it's also
not a negative thing accountability in
an organization when executed properly
actually has a positive impact on morale
efficiency and even the profitability
and success of an organization but again
it's not just about leaders holding
their team members and subordinates
accountable in a really truly
accountable organization that is
successful they have a culture of upward
management and upward leadership just
like in the SEAL Teams it's a bit of a
misconception you think in the military
it's always top-down command and control
leadership mechanisms but in Special
Operations we work diligently to adapt
our leadership and management style to
operate in what we call a decentralized
command model where we have networks and
teams of really empowered leaders making
decisions in real time because we're
fighting a very decentralized enemy but
part of that culture is very transparent
feedback and communication up the chain
of command so for example after every
real-world mission every training
scenario we perform what's called an
after-action review in the business
world we might call that a post mortem
but the way that we do it is a bit more
unique because we leave rank and emotion
at the door when we come into that room
to have that meeting the newest person
on the team can question the commanding
officer about a decision they made
anybody on the team can make
recommendations how to make improvements
and that after-action review process is
part of our learning culture but again
it has to be part of your culture and
has to be accepted by leaders and those
leaders have to really encourage upper
communication and upper management in my
last company one of our core values or
guiding principles was everyone has a
voice and I had to live that value every
single day and asking team members
regardless of their rank or tenure about
how I can improve as their leader what
can I do to make your job easier what
can I do to make this work environment
better and being accepting of that
feedback and actually applying that
feedback in making improvements Trust is
an extremely important component of an
organizational culture today now more
than ever and trust is often a cultural
factor that is overlooked or not
properly managed and measured but it has
an impact for better or worse on the
financial health of an organization and
the two areas that Trust affects most in
any company
our productivity and engagement and
according to global Gallup research from
last year employee disengagement is at a
whopping 67 percent only 15 percent of
the workforce can be defined as engaged
leaving 18 percent are what we call
actively disengaged meaning they're
working against the organization and
more Gallup research shows that employee
disengagement here in the United States
often times due to low levels of
internal trust and internal
accountability and discipline of
leadership in organizations cost us
upwards of 550 billion dollars a year in
lost productivity so one could theorize
and conclude that Trust is not a nice to
have social variable that it drives the
financial performance and growth and
success of any organization
