fairness was one of those Silicon Valley
stories that sounded too good to be true
it was going to revolutionize the
laboratory testing industry and it turns
out it was too good to be true John
Kerry Roux of the Wall Street Journal
charted that story about thoroughness in
his new book bad blood John thanks for
joining us
thanks for having me so let's talk about
what Thoreau notes was saying its
technology could do and what it was
actually doing behind the scenes what
were they selling to the public and
investors right so when I started
looking into the company in early 2015
and they had already gone live with the
blood test for a year and a half and
this was in Walgreens and Walgreens
stores they had rolled out in a couple
of Walgreens stores in cap Northern
California and then another 40 or 45
Walgreens stores in the Phoenix area and
the claim was that they had a technology
that could run the full range of
laboratory tests from just a drop or two
of blood pricked from the finger get you
very fast results and do it at a
fraction of the cost of regular
laboratories even cheaper than Medicare
the reality was that
Thera nose had a prototype that was the
last iteration of its device called the
mini lab and that was a malfunctioning
prototype that it was still trying to
make work and when they had gone live in
the fall of 2013 they had gone live with
a previous iteration of the technology
called the Edison so named after Thomas
Edison that was actually a very limited
machine it could only do one class of
blood tests known as immunoassays and it
didn't do those tests well it was an
error ridden machine and so for the rest
of the tests on the menu and they had
about 250 tests on the menu they had
hacked machines made by the the German
conglomerate Siemens they had modified
them so that they could accommodate
small blood samples and then there was a
third bucket of tests that they just did
their regular you know the old regular
way with venous draws drawing the same
amount of blood as everyone else and and
running it also on commercial analyzers
so how does this happen this is a highly
regulated industry here in the US
you would think something like this that
was mostly smoke and mirrors wouldn't be
able to get past regulators let alone
into a major retail chain like Walgreens
what did Elizabeth Holmes and her
colleagues do to sway regulators and
sway walgreens into believing that this
should actually be put to use on real
patients right so for one thing they
exploited a what I call a regulatory
no-man's land in the laboratory space
you have on the one hand the FDA which
regulates reviews and approves the
laboratory instruments that labs use
that they buy off the shelf and that
they use in their labs and on the other
hand you have CMS the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services which is
the the regulator of clinical
laboratories but then there's this this
category of test known as laboratory
developed tests which are fashioned by
labs with their own methods that aren't
really regulated by either of these
entities and Elizabeth Holmes and her
boyfriend Sonny ball wani were able to
exploit this third category and and say
you know we we fall in this category of
what are known as LD T's because we're
using our own proprietary machines
within the walls of our own lab
therefore we don't have to be reviewed
by the FDA or at least our machines
don't have to be reviewed by the FDA and
CMS which regulates labs doesn't look
closely at LD T's so that's that's the
loophole that they were able to exploit
a thorough nose had been doing had been
attempting to validate its technology
for years with pharmaceutical companies
and all these validation studies with
big pharma companies had failed and in
early 2010 it was running out of options
so it decided to go straight to
consumers and the way to do that was to
lie with the retail partner and so they
started courting Walgreens and they told
Walgreens we've got this great
technology it's portable it can do all
these tests off just a drop of blood and
we want to partner with you and and
Walgreens was desperate for a new way to
reboot growth and so it started meeting
with with Elizabeth in Palo Alto
in Chicago where Walgreens is based and
it hired a laboratory consultant named
Kevin hunter to help it do due diligence
and this guy Kevin hunter as I explained
in the book very early on smelled a rat
and tried to alert Walgreens executives
to his suspicions and they just wouldn't
listen to him so these tests are being
done in Walgreens you know they're
hyping their technology covers stories
on unfamous magazines and so forth why
weren't we hearing much from the medical
community or if we were why did it seem
so diminished why why weren't there more
flags from players in the industry right
yelling at them there were whispers in
especially the the field of laboratory
science but the bottom line is the
company was so secretive and very little
if anything was filtering out of the
company itself so while there were some
skeptics in academia and in the field of
laboratory testing all they could say
was that there was this company that was
getting a lot of hype whose founder you
know was become a becoming a Silicon
Valley celebrity that at the same time
wasn't doing what you usually do in
medicine which is that you publish
studies about your innovation and you
publish them in peer-reviewed
publications and you have your peers
check what you're doing and verify it
and so there were a couple of laboratory
scientists who actually wrote op eds in
scientific journals one of them was dr.
Ryan Edie's at Stanford who came out
with a JAMA op-ed and I believe it was
2015 I'd already started digging into
the company at that point a couple
months later a laboratory scientists at
the University of Toronto I believe had
another op ed in another scientific
journal and no one reads these by the
way right right the Wall Street Journal
where everyone's gonna see it right
because it nerdy guys just talking about
it and you know they they they started
raising alarm bells about the secrecy
about about this stuff they called it
the stealth research and and which
doesn't happen in this industry should
be peer-reviewed right right it should
be
it certainly hasn't been the way medical
science has has unfolded for the past
century and so you know to their credit
they were on the right track they didn't
they didn't have the goods in terms of
knowing what was actually going on
behind the scenes but they had the right
intuition this story sounds a lot like
what we hear from Silicon Valley that
over promise and under deliver right you
know we're gonna put out this really
cool phone turns out to be just vapor
where how does that relate to what
happened at their nose in this case I
think Elizabeth lost sight of the fact
that her company wasn't a computer
software company he was running it like
that she was running it like that she
lost sight of the fact that it was first
and foremost a health care company a
medical technology company whose product
doctors and patients were going to rely
on to make crucial health decisions so
and that info doesn't come out you're
not gonna it's not gonna affect your
health right and that that's a big part
of what went wrong with this story is
bye-bye really draping herself in the
the modus operandi of Silicon Valley
instead of modeling herself after say
the biotech industry or you know another
corner of the healthcare industry she
she ended up behaving that way and while
it's okay most of the time to behave
that way in traditional tech it isn't in
health care
