hi my name is dr. Bryan class I'm a
fellow in comparative politics at the
London School of Economics and the
author of the despots apprentice Donald
Trump's attack on democracy so Trump is
not a despot but I call him a despots
apprentice because he's borrowing and
mimicking tactics that you normally see
in the forex trading states so you have
things like the cult of personality
where Trump's ego comes into play
classic hallmark a despot like behavior
then you have attacks on the press
demonizing the press
Trump's called them not only fake news
but also the enemy of the people and a
stain on America a few days ago I called
the fake news the enemy of the people
and they are they are the enemy of the
people and I am only against the fake
news media or press fake fake they have
to leave that word one of the ways that
authoritarian leaders try to attack the
press is they try to undermine their
ability to make money so Trump and
threatening the licenses of various
organizations or criticizing them
publicly on Twitter and trying to get
his supporters to boycott certain
organizations is going after the revenue
streams then you also have things like
the Department of Justice which is in
charge of approving or not approving
mergers and there's a media merger under
consideration now with CNN knew Trump's
favorite target on Twitter is owned by
Time Warner one of the merger parties
but I want to thank a lot of the news
organizations for some of whom have not
treated me very well over the years a
couple in particular and they came out
so strongly against that fake news and
the fact that it was written about by
primarily one group and one television
station and Trump is basically holding
that up it seems partly we don't know
but potentially partly as a result of
his disdain for their reporting he
singles out reporters and attacks them
if they ever give him negative coverage
and the way that this is blurred aligned
is that Trump is not criticizing them or
calling them fake news for incorrect
reporting most of the time it's just
critical reporting and so the clear
aspect of fake news that Trump sees is
any time they say something Trump
doesn't like it's fake same with polls
he's literally said on Twitter all
negative polls are fake so this aspect
creates a chilling effect that causes
journalists to consider do I want to
invite the president's ire on Twitter
and if I don't then I obviously need to
tone down my reporting maybe choose a
different word than I would have
otherwise and over time this has an
insidious effect on the free media
because people start to check themselves
understanding that critiquing the
president can actually hurt their bosses
or their media conglomerates bottom line
and that's where the freedom of the
press erodes
and you have a much more cowed state
media type environment that exists
you
