you explained in the book this meeting
that you had with Jared Kushner and
Ivanka Trump right they invited you what
was that about they wanted to meet about
Planned Parenthood abhi I mean Paul Ryan
had already declared they're gonna
defund Planned Parenthood even though I
was frankly a little anxious about
having that meeting because I didn't
know what to expect I felt like I owed
it to our patients to try certainly what
Jared Kushner expresses that he wanted
us to quit providing abortion services
to women in this country in exchange for
keeping our public funding and I just
said you know we really stand for the
right of women to get the reproductive
health care they need and that's a legal
service that it's really important that
women can get it and we're not going to
trade that off for money it didn't go
that well but at the end of the day we
were able to mount a campaign with
hundreds of thousands of people around
the country that supported Planned
Parenthood and able to keep our public
funding and I hope we continue to do so
when you were having that conversation
what was going through your head when
this proposal was made I thought this is
my chance to educate the two of them
about who we see what we do and of
course re-educate them if they needed to
know that federal funding doesn't go for
abortion services so in fact the money
that they were talking about cutting off
from Planned Parenthood provides access
to breast cancer screenings and birth
control and STI testing and treatment
and for a lot of the women and young
people who come to us there's no one
else in town to do that work even though
they understood that I felt like they
were trying to make kind of a political
deal and that's just not who we are to
Planned Parenthood and that even gets
again back to the the title of your book
it's knowing when to shake things up in
a good way how do you find what you
should be standing for how should
someone look internally for those you
really should stand up I believe if you
can if you have the privilege that I
have and really stand up for the things
that you believe in and fight hard for
hard stuff I think if it's easy someone
else has probably already done it it's
not that I'm a glutton for controversy
but I do think when it comes to LGBTQ
rights when it comes to women's rights
when it comes to the right of everyone
to have equal pay
and then a fair chance those are hard
fights and and I know we've learned you
know people don't give up power without
a fight I think about all the time I've
spent in Congress fighting for women's
access to affordable health care and
just access to be able to make their own
decisions about their health care I feel
like I'd love to be still alive to see
the day when half of Congress could get
pregnant and then I think we'd finally
quit fighting about birth control and
reproductive health care that may be
inciting controversy but I think it
really more is just hoping for a world
that can be a little bit better than it
is now
you
