if you ever given advice to a friend
where you just felt like I just gave the
best advice ever and then you found
yourself in the same situation a few
days later and you made a horrible
decision absolutely I do it all the time
I'm very good advice giver very bad life
decision maker yeah what's that about
because they're the same skills right
giving people advice on what to do and
then making your own decisions it's
exact same thing except it's not it's
called Solomon's paradox and the idea is
that when you give other people advice
you look at the problem through a
telescope and you see the big picture
you focus on the two or three you know
criteria that are really important
whereas when you're making your own
decisions you tend to look at it through
a microscope which is how we end up with
these Excel spreadsheets that have 19
different columns and then you're
adjusting the weights how important is
each factor in order to get the decision
that you want and I think that you know
this illustrates it's one thing to know
what a good decision is it's another
thing to be able to make that decision
yourself and because because it's so
difficult you know if if you were to
actually sit down and analyze every
decision in your life you could spend
hours deciding well what time should I
wake up so I wake up at 6:01 or 602 I
mean ever my whole life could be
different because of that right what
should I order to eat you know who
should I call first this morning which
way should I take to work these
decisions we could spend all day just
making these these potentially
paralyzing decisions we don't want to do
that we don't wanna waste our time so
what we do is we develop what are called
heuristics which are sort of mental
shortcuts
if I can you know say to myself full you
know experts are usually correct I don't
have to analyze a bunch of decisions
where there's already expert opinion and
a lot of times those heuristics make us
smart and they make us much more
efficient decision makers the problem is
we over apply them and so we might end
up in a situation where the heuristic
was good the last nine times we tried it
but you know what now the expert is
wrong and we haven't really stopped to
think about whether we can trust that
expert in that situation
you
