in a world where people are getting
increasingly marketed to more and more
it's important to be able to make your
point
succinctly and effectively the biggest
mistake that people make when it comes
to writing a resume is first of all
writing a resume oftentimes they will
write a resume like a list of technical
achievements and so their resume will
actually look like a technical manual
instead they should be writing their
resume like a marketing brochure a list
of benefits to the buyer think about the
greatest value creating experiences the
experiences they might have had working
on a team and to use not only action
words but use success action words
active words for example driving growing
leading are very positive affirmative
action words the best advice on cover
letters is have them be short and to the
point
understand what the buyer is looking for
have your cover letter be specifically
targeted to the individual reader and
speak to them in blare language use
their words use their values
what are you doing here I think I could
do a good job as your assistant as an
interviewee it's very important to make
sure that you do research in advance so
that you truly understand what are the
core values of the organization what is
the culture what are the things that
they celebrate and promote and really do
the best that you can to understand and
communicate the overlap between your own
personal values and the values of the
organization one of the best things that
you can do in preparing for your
interview is making sure that you not
only research the core values of the
organization but also research the
growth of the organization and where
they're headed where the puck is going
in the market place in the industry for
that business be able to communicate the
decisions that you've made in your
career the values that you bring to the
organization and how certain experiences
might make you uniquely qualified to
help the organization grow and move into
a direction that it's looking to go into
oftentimes we spend too much time in the
English language focused on the
transactional exchange of words when
rather we should be communicating at a
deeper level the core values and the
beliefs that we have technical chops are
only responsible for about 20% of the
reason why someone will succeed or fail
at any given company more than 60% of
the reason why anyone will succeed or
fail at any company has everything to do
with whether their personal DNA matches
the cultural DNA of the organization
