so we are at the best place in the world
cookout which is only in Southeast
America and we have amazing cookout
trays for only $4.99 $4.99 gets you an
entree two sides so three things and a
drink and it's amazing so here we have a
big double burger and as you can see we
have two patties with just very melted
delicious looking cheese
it's done juicy so like this quality
fast food I have the barbecue plate and
no eating out experience in the South
would be complete without barbecue so
for three 90-minute cookout you got
barbecue a side of slaw some hush
puppies and fries one of the reasons
people come to cookout is because of the
amazing milkshakes they have there are
40 plus flavors all vanilla based
milkshakes and so I have the chocolate
chip cheesecake milkshake that has a
piece of cheesecake yes cheesecake mixed
in with chocolate chips taste dreamy
it's 32 degrees outside but I'm still
gonna eat
if it sounds like everything is good at
cookout that's because it is and the
variety of items on the menu make it so
different than any other fast-food place
out there they have hot dogs corn dogs
quesadillas from ranch wraps Cajun wraps
the list goes on and on but everything
on the menu is
you
you
