this is intelligent investing presented
by fidelity investments US stocks
reached record highs in January and
dropped over 10 percent in just nine
days ending in early February
a recent note from Morgan Stanley argues
it will be difficult for stocks to climb
back up to record-setting levels from
earlier this year Morgan Stanley says
January was the peak for sentiment in
2018 and possibly the peak for equity
prices they point out that gross
leverage from their hedge fund clients
which is a good measure of the level of
risk investors are willing to take was
at an all-time high in January and
topped out right before volatility
spiked which forced investors to reduce
risk and according to morgan stanley
retail investor sentiment was more
bullish in january that it had been
since 2010 and has come down since that
peak but fidelity sector strategist
Denise Chisholm looks at the problem
from a different angle she analyzed
historical Corrections for clues about
what could happen next
according to her analysis there have
only been ten Corrections this fastens
deep since the 1960s and stocks had
positive returns in the 12 months
following eight of ten of those
Corrections with an average gain of 17
percent Chisholm also points out that
the sell-off was likely a response to
high valuations paired with rising rates
but her analysis shows that if you look
at the change in rates over a six-month
period and the market returns over the
next year sharply rising rates have
correlated with strong SP returns over
the next 12 months so from a historical
probability standpoint there is reason
to be optimistic on US stocks following
the recent correction but from a
sentiment standpoint we may have seen
the peak for the year
you
you
