all leaders you know at at some point in
time you know you're going to face tough
decisions and you know I think it's it's
really important that you know the way I
approach that and I think others should
as well is you have to seek the facts
you know it's not something that you do
in isolation it's you know getting the
perspectives
you know seeking the truth and you know
I think it's also looking at you know
the core values of what you as a person
and as a leader stand for and what your
organization stands for and there are
there are certain things that are zero
tolerance and it doesn't mean that you
you you want bad things for people but
you have you know their consequences and
you have to set the tone for the
organization and so I think is any
leader or future leader approaches those
tough decisions it is important that you
know others are involved but sticking to
what you know is right from your own
core is important and then also usually
if it's a really tough one you've got to
be decisive and move quickly and finding
that right balance of seeking the facts
moving quickly getting to the right
answer can be can be tough but it's
something that you know others are
watching and it's important that you you
set the example for your organization
really important if you can't waffle
once you make a decision you Center on
it and lean into it exactly and also
look you know leaders aren't perfect
you're gonna make some mistakes and it's
owning it's owning those mistakes as
well and you know that kind of gets back
to the you know authenticity and real
and it's just being very transparent
about you know here's what I thought
through here's you know here's the
decision that's in the best interest of
our institution and explaining that and
then moving forward and I think when you
do that you get to the right answer
you
