if you're dealing with a boss who is
just sort of arrogance and can be aloof
and difficult to deal with there's two
approaches that are very effective hi
I'm dr. Craig Malkin I'm a clinical
psychologist author and lecturer for
Harvard Medical School one is that
anytime they show any capacity for
caring or concern say for example they
give you some encouragement you really
want to jump on that ignore the advice
about stroking the bosses that you go
for what they've done that actually a
cornea research makes them worse it
makes it more destructive but if you
focus your intention on those moments to
say to your boss something like I really
appreciated the encouragement you gave
me yesterday it helped me get to the
finish line that kind of feedback that
is a way of connecting with your boss
and really helping them warm up to you a
little bit and can actually reduce their
narcissistic tendencies the other thing
to keep in mind is if you're looking for
a promotion if you are approaching a
boss is narcissistic this isn't going to
be like the average boss who's maybe
thinking about the whole system or
organization so you want to make sure
you frame whatever plan you're bringing
to them you want to make sure that
you're appealing to what's in it for
them that's the first thing you want to
make sure that you're answering as a
question you want to be able to say look
if I do this
I know you've been looking for growth in
the company I can bring that to you
if you put me in this position I can
bring that to the table for you
so I think if it makes sense to give me
this opportunity
