my name is tim ferriss angel investor
and author of books including the 4-hour
workweek and latest tribe of mentors so
meditation has a branding problem yeah a
lot of people would think of yoga
instructors you'd plank didgeridoos or
swinging drink catchers over their heads
and they wouldn't be entirely wrong in a
lot of cases so I steered away from it
for a very very long time just seemed
like something good for perhaps other
people but not for me not for a really
driven type-a competitive personality so
meditation or mindfulness practice it's
really about to me decreasing emotional
reactivity so you can proactively create
your day and create your life versus
just being a walking reflex and
sometimes screws up in other words
you're sitting on your couch watching
the sensations in your body in such a
way that you're observing your body and
your minds reaction so perhaps over time
rather than flying off the handle and
getting angry at someone for a B and C
infraction because that little moment
between what they do and your response
and you're able to hope okay I see
myself getting tight in the chest I'm
about to get angry let me pause and then
give a more rational reaction where you
actually get the result you want instead
of the conflict that might be very
gratifying for a second then creates a
whole host of other issues for yourself
and for those people who are wondering
where to start there many ways to start
but I really think the simplest place is
an app called headspace just do the 10
in 10 it's 10 minutes
for ten days straight give that a go and
it'll give you at least a taste of what
it can do
