I am Kazaam if you watch cosine lives on
the dough you should be ashamed of
yourself
movies for children but because it was
made to Shack stir and get all these
Siskel and Ebert type guys trying to
critique the movie I'm your genie I you
know was just me taking advantage of
opportunity doing something for kids I'm
not trying to win Oscars and Amy's and
Tony's I think about a kid from the
projects of Newark New Jersey get to get
to do a major motion picture I'm gonna
take it every time no matter what the
script is and you make a lot of money
for Kazan I sure did what was your check
you know I don't like talking about that
but it was nice that was on the end of
analog and the birth of digital like
about I met those digital people I would
have never approved shad fuller again a
kid from Project Newark New Jersey when
to a video game people know like karate
and it was cool and then like 30 days
later all these digital games come on
I'll just let you learn from mistakes
like that I learned then to do your due
diligence you always have to see what's
next because there's always something
that Shaq diesel baby
it's coming out I just I just have to
make sure it's perfect I'm doing
something I've never done before in a
micromanager something they send me
updates like every two weeks and I'm
like ah oh no yes so you don't screw up
has to be good the effects that
everything has to be perfect what people
don't understand about me is growing up
with a drill sergeant father programmed
not to have my feelings hurt I listen to
people and I respect them if you don't
like the sound okay I understand I'm not
gonna forget you it it's not my style
you don't like check full understand but
I'm not gonna be wasting my time trying
to prove to you that I am a good actor
so I'm not looking to redeem myself I'm
just looking to put out put out a pretty
good guy and hopefully the people like
their darlings I just try to come back
