my name is Toronto Burke and I'm the
founder of the me2 movement me too is a
movement that was founded in 2006 to
support survivors of sexual violence in
particular black and brown girls who
were in the program that we were running
it has grown since then to include
supporting grown people women and and
men and other survivors as well as
helping people to understand what
Community Action looks like in the
fights and in sexual violence I was
working and living in Alabama at the
time and we started this organization
called Jess P Inc
and that was about teaching the young
women who we worked with to helping them
develop a sense of self-worth which we
differentiated from self esteem right
our theory was that you have to build a
sense of self-worth before you can have
a healthy self-esteem we were
encountering numbers of girls who were
disclosing sexual violence that was
disclosing their experiences and
sometimes they didn't even know that it
was a sexual violence right they would
just tell us things like I had a
seventh-grade girl 12 years old say to
me once
her boyfriend was 21 years old and I
thought you know that's not that's not a
relationship like that's a crime
we put on myspace page up and within
days and there was no such thing as
viral back then but if there was this
would be as close to that as possible
within like a week or so we had so many
responses from women who are like thank
you for doing this this is really
amazing how can we be involved we need
help and we realize this is bigger than
what we thought you know people call me
a leader of this of this movement I
accept that as a title eggs I guess but
I'm a woman worker more than anything
and I think it's just helped me to scale
up and to expand the work that I've been
doing and the vision I have for this
work it's given me a larger platform to
speak about it talk about it and and
more resources to actually implement
some of these ideas me too is
essentially about survivors supporting
survivors and it's really about
community healing and community action
although we can't define what healing
looks like for people we can we can set
the stage and give people the resources
to have access to
and that means legitimate things like
policies and laws that change there
support survivors for instance they're
great kids across the country that need
to be tested so that the survivors who
were assaulted can find some sort of
justice through that system what are the
policies that are in place in the local
school around vetting teachers people
that work can organize take an examine
your sexual harassment policy the me to
Congress bill gets rid of the forced
90-day cooling-off period that people
who work in Capitol Hill has to have
before they can file a sexual harassment
claim when that's passed that will set a
precedent hopefully for the country a
lot of times survivors aren't even
asking for people to be fired a lot of
times I just want their story to be told
they want to be to say it out loud and
have some level of accountability we
have to talk to survivors who what they
need we are the ones who have to define
what justice looks like and so the other
part of it is around community action we
firmly believe that she can organize
around ending sexual violence people do
everyday there are organizations and
groups that do that and I feel like we
need to elevate this conversation to a
social justice issue we had a
documentary that we're planning it to
roll out and just new materials and
things of that nature and then when this
viral moment happened I thought if me
too the phrase me too gets popular in
this context that is also around sexual
violence and we are not here to ground
the conversation and give her some
context and we're gonna get lost and
this work will get lost and so I
definitely panicked at first and then I
had another layer of panic because I was
like god there's millions of women
disclosing their experience or people
disclosing the experience with sexual
violence and there's no container to
process this like there's nobody here to
help them to walk through what
disclosure feels like what do you do
after you put hash tag me - it's it's
humbling first of all it's deeply
humbling for her to have people invested
in this idea that was really essentially
started to help our community but it's
also it's it's
hopeful that you know the world is
changing to a place where we can have
open discussions about sexual violence
and how it affects people millions of
millions of people around the world
you
you
