I don't have any insider knowledge that
hopefully back in WWE but if he isn't in
2018 always shocked the world has an
interesting way of forgiving others the
guy paid his fries he had a trial he
lost jobs he had he had a court case I
know what more he needs to do and why
are we as judge and jury it seems right
for arguably the greatest alumnus of WWE
ever the most global name identity will
make his presence felt in WWE in some
way I don't know what Terry Hulk Hogan
is able to do physically I know he's
still training he's about my age 64
basically good shades looks awesome so I
would say that Hulk is there's a ticket
for hook punch somewhere to get back to
WWE at least on a reoccurring role type
basis in my opinion if I were there I
would encourage that development if you
don't like him don't watch the damn
thing but I believe he belongs on that
television show or WV in general and
it's somewhere in 2018 that will happen
you
you
