I'm here with legendary economist Gary
shilling and president of a Gary
shilling and company so what can you
tell me about where US markets are right
now where equities are and do you think
they're headed for a downturn well you
can say they're expensive but you could
have said that last year in the year
before in the year before in the year
before I mean they obviously have have
run away on the upside and you have
stock market growing much faster than
the economy and sooner or later that
won't last but you know forevers a long
time you don't know how long it's going
to last there's nothing on the immediate
horizon that says that you've got a
problem and what usually happens bear
markets are associated with recessions
and they're caused by two things one is
the Fed tightens they never intend to
precipitate a recession but by my count
eleven out of twelve times in the
post-world War period they've gotten a
recession the only soft landing was in
the mid 90s now the Fed is tightening
they're selling off their portfolio
raising the funds rate but there's
enough there's so much excess liquidity
in the system I think it'd take a couple
of years for them to do the job the
other the other cause of recessions and
bear markets is a shock of an angel
shock and that's what we had in the late
90s with the dot-com explosion then of
course the mid 2000s with the collapse
and subprime mortgages if you look at
right around right now there's nothing
that's really that big sort of just
stands out and says this is this is just
cruisin for a bruisin but I think if
there is a candidate it's probably
what's happening in emerging markets
they have huge debts dollar denominated
debts and with the dollar soaring and
that I think is a very key factor it
keeps more and more of their local
currency to service those debts also
most commodities are priced in dollars
so as a dollar goes up it takes more of
the local currency to buy their
commodity imports so if there is a if
there is a crisis coming I think it's in
these countries and of course you see
Argentina and Turkey is a standouts in
terms of big problems and what sort of
indicators can investors look at to see
if trouble is coming the the big
question right now in these developing
countries is the risk of contagion I
mean so far you've got you've got
Argentina as usual
problems Venezuela is a basket case I
mean that economy is barely functioning
you wonder why they don't have some kind
of Revolution and Turkey where the
president has really well he really
hyped the economy with a lot of spending
financed by hard currency borrowing and
now they're dealing with that that
problem but if that if those things
spread if you go back to the late 1990s
you had the currency collapse in
Thailand and then it spread to other
East Asian countries and then to Latin
America Argentina Brazil and Omega
Russia
it's a contagion which is the issue and
that's something you're really hard to
predict you just have to keep your eye
on it and if it wake up one day and find
out that people are retreating now
people are pull are they're not putting
money into emerging markets you look a
mutual fund flows and they virtually
ceased last year tremendous rush in
there people thought this was a this was
a great place to invest develop world
didn't look all that strong I'll put it
there and they forgot that these
economies really don't grow on their own
they're dependent on exports they're
dependent on borrowing and and they
obviously are not sustainable but but as
I say if you start to see massive
outflows of mutual funds and ETFs
they're invested in emerging markets I
think that's probably as good as
indicators any that the end is near and
you said 11 out of 12 times fed
tightening leads to a recession so is it
how is the Fed doing so far and what can
they do to be the one out of 12 times
well the Fed is moving very slowly they
obviously are concerned about upsetting
the applecart and they and they so
they're there and they are not only
raising interest rates but now for the
first time ever they're selling off a
portfolio they've never had that huge
portfolio the result of quantitative
easing after bailing out Wall Street so
they've got both those issues and as
they say in the past they haven't had
much success in soft landings when it
was just raising interest rates and
they've had experience using interest
rates as a policy instrument for
literally a century now there and and
and not too much luck with it and now
they're adding selling off to portfolios
so I think you can pretty well say that
in time they'll do the job but they're
they're moving slowly they're moving
cautiously and of course one of the
interesting things is you're not getting
the rise in long-term
interest rates that they probably would
expect there is a question of wages
they're not they're not going up I think
they're a lot of good reasons for that
but it isn't the kind of world that the
Fed is interested in they have now
follows a different animal he's not a
economist and I'm glad that I'm a PhD
economist but I'm glad there's somebody
else other than economists at the helm
there because they tend to be very
theoretical they believe for example in
the Phillips curve they can't understand
why they why the low unemployment rate
hasn't pushed up inflation well there
are a lot of reasons for that you know
you're getting shift of employment the
jobs are created in low page areas like
hospitality and retail and so on and so
forth you got globalization probably the
most important development in the last
three decades on a world by basis which
is holding down wages decimated
manufacturing jobs in this country a lot
of reasons but these fed economy you
know the fed on the board members an
economist there there's still expression
a wait a minute it's gone it's coming
it's coming it's coming
well you know it's coming but when if
the Phillips curve model broken is it
not no and I think one of the things
that they are just they're just not
compensating on now this is the I'm
playing my song here i'ma blast I mean
in 1981 when they yield in the long term
on the long bond the the 30-year
Treasury was twelve point six percent I
said we're earning a bond dry label
lifetime and since then that yield has
dropped to three percent and and as a
result long Treasuries have outperformed
outperformed the SP on a total return
basis by six times in the interim so I'm
very much and the whole basis of that
forecast was the idea that inflation was
on the all the way out and I think
that's the thing that the Fed this
doesn't understand that we're in a
basically a deflationary world you look
at on the excess supply that's opened up
with globalization you look at the
downward pressure on wages I mentioned a
minute ago there are a lot of factors
here they look at what's happened to
Ober is a ssin of the world if you will
where people are working part-time
they're trading off income and benefits
and so on
for for a flexibility and they're paying
you've got a lot of very strong
deflationary
and of course protectionism simply adds
to that and I just don't think the Fed
is comprehending the strength of that do
you think our inflation measures are
incorrect the current ones we're using
well they're they're correct for what
they measure they're correct for both
are measuring of course there's always
this attempt to show that inflation is
higher than you think it is and
everybody thinks it is I mean I mean you
are I pay pay more for any product and
we say well it's a devil personified if
we if we pay less well I'm a great
shopper I am really a good bar here you
know people are very unrealistic about
that and and of course they there's all
kinds of alternative measures of
inflation the clewd and Fed has one
where they sort of chop off the extremes
and look at look at the mail or some of
them are concentrated on the most
frequently purchase items like bread and
gasoline and so on and so forth but you
know the number the numbers for what
they measure are I think are correct but
that doesn't mean that that they are
going to have the kind of relationships
that the Fed thinks thinks they should
have with the employment I mean one of
the reason the unemployment rate as low
as you have so many people drop by the
labor force well a lot of those people
that the posts were babies retiring okay
they left but now what's happened and
there were a lot of other people left
the younger people stayed in school they
said I'll get more education better
chance at a job and and people in
between the the toast of our babies and
these young people they just said there
are no jobs available what's happened
now the younger people are graduating
from high school age they're coming back
in people in the mill they're coming off
the bench you look at numbers back in
June the the unemployment rate went down
why now because fewer jobs that more
people enter the labor force they heard
the jobs are available they rushed in
and the interesting thing is only on the
top end people over 65 they're their
labor force participation rate the
number of people are out there looking
their jobs are employed is increasing
faster than that population that
population is growing very rapidly with
the retiring posts or babies so you have
it you have it you have some really
interesting dynamics in the labor force
which I think have a lot to do with with
with the restraint on wages so our wages
are gonna go up yeah they're going up
but they're not going up much faster
than in inflation right now and I don't
see any reason why that's going on
gonna change anytime soon now of course
that's a very important development
because I think that is really what has
spun spun populism in this country
populism a lot of other areas of course
have it but I think that's what got
Trump elected because in in the US and
in indeed all the g7 a major to all
countries they've had literally no
growth in inflation-adjusted wages no
growth in purchasing power for over a
decade and so what happens you know
people are people are mad as hell
they're just they're just not going to
take it anymore remember the movie
Network and and and and I think that's
what got Trump elected and of course
that's that's what he's playing to now
he blames he blames this on on
immigrants and and and imports it's it's
not that simple in my view a
globalization has a lot to do as the
other factors I mentioned earlier but
but it is it is a fact and I don't see
that changing demonstrably unless we put
a complete tariff wall around the
country I don't think it's going to
happen I mean you look at China Chinese
is it's a big target they're the bad
guys and you know they have cheated by
international rules or leases we
interpret them but what's happening the
low-end manufacturing it's moving to
Vietnam Bangladesh Pakistan and of
course the 800-pound gorillas India boy
India the population is still increasing
and those guys get their act together
and I think they are they're going to
they're going to outdistance China so
the idea that this whole thing is going
to is going to change is it's just is
this not relevant and of course in the
meanwhile you've had a huge change in
technology a lot of people who are not
adapt at today's technology are left
behind and this has happened a lot
faster than normal that always happens
some people ever since industrialization
started in the late 1700s in in England
and New England people of jobs have
disappeared very interesting example of
that the word saboteur saboteur that it
comes from salad sabot were wooden shoes
that the early that Weaver's would grind
into the power rooms to wreck the
machinery because they're putting them
out of business and that's other words
saboteur came from sabot
so there's always been people that have
been left out but but the thing is that
that
industrialization has as technology if
you will has created more jobs and it's
destroyed people who build the machines
cheaper products more consumers more
more demand maintenance developing new
technology but but globalization has
speeded up that process and you sort of
got this big gap and and it's really I
think we're pure on we probably we've
exported just about all the
manufacturing in this country that we
can we're down to irreducible minimum
you go back to the early 90s about 20%
of the labor forces in manufacturing now
it's 12% but it's it's leveled off so
that that process is probably over but
but the problem is that that a lot of
people simply have not adapted to the
new technology and of course a lot of
the jobs being created require more than
just this bran or some guide twist on
bolts in an auto auto plan and what do
you think about Trump's trade war what's
the outcome going to be here's the point
that I continue to make when you've got
plenty of supply in the world and I
think you do plenty of industrial
capability plenty of raw materials and
so on
it's the buyer that has the upper hand
not the seller the buyer has has the
ultimate power and who's the buyer us is
the buyer China's the seller
and because I dad you see if we weren't
buying all those consumer goods from
China and you and I enjoy them they're
cheaper there's they're great but if if
we weren't by them where we trying to
sell them they have no other place to
sell them and in the meanwhile China's
growth is slowing they got a problem a
huge debt expansion they're trying to
curb they're trying to deal with shadow
with shadow lending the shadow shadow
banking system and so on and so forth
train isn't going to collapse obviously
but I think in this in this trade war
that that that US has the upper hand if
you look at well how this holding
developed after World War two
the rest of the world was pretty much in
ashes and we were promptly into the Cold
War so I think that implicitly or
explicitly we basically said we will let
Japan and Europe export freely into the
u.s. because that gave them the growth
to to revive in a Cold War era and that
was cheaper for us than garrison even
more US troops around the world
having more water wars well that was
fine but that air is over and the
globalization has replaced it so it's an
entirely it's an entirely different
scene and I think as a result you have
this situation where China you know
China grew basically through exports and
although they went to Europe and North
America but you know they they did it
with some rather underhanded we let them
into the World Trade Center in 2001 and
they basically have not fulfilled their
promises they have not opened up the
technology then I open up to our
investments they they steal our
technology they they they demand tech
transfer for companies that want to
operate in China and so on and and so
you've got a situation now where China
is basically playing by the old game
when everybody could export to the US
but now when you see the unemployment
problem no growth and purchasing power
in in in average for the average guy did
not that the non-supervisory and
production ploys no growth in real
incomes for a decade and and that has
changed the whole scene and that's I
think that's that's really what has
gotten Trump elected and and he's basic
because hey wait a minute
we got the upper hand here and we're
gonna we're gonna go ahead now they
could go to the mat she who's basically
the president for life in China and and
Trump he won't be around forever of
course but they could go to the mat and
you could get a really nasty all-out
trade war and in a serious global
recession I'm not predicting that I
think they probably will settle and
China will begrudgingly give ground
they'll import more US goods
they'll ease up one required Technic
steel less of it they're not going to
change their their views entirely well I
think under pressure they probably will
will give way and will end up winning
the trade war I mean people say nobody
wins trade wars yeah in the short run
you don't but in the long run if it's a
matter of changing what has been the
world exporting to the US and he was
buying it and what do we do we give them
paper that's why they own half of our
Treasuries I think that I think that I
think that is being reversed and in the
long run you also will be better off so
if you can give me
piece of investment advice for people
who are looking at the markets today
what would it be it would be to belong
the dollar now I know that's not that's
not going out and buying a stock there
are exchange-traded train funds on the
dollar but I think the dollar is is
going to it's really been declining
since 1985 beginning of this year I
think it's turning around and it is a
safe haven you have all the problems
with the with a developing world
protectionism and it's interesting
whenever there's trouble in the world
even if we started the dollar benefits
because it's the safe haven as people
where people want to be so I think that
being in the dollar and you have to look
at that broadly because companies that
that suffer when the dollar is strong I
mean exporters suffer and and people in
the supply chains can be affected
positively or negatively but I would
look at the dollars the overarching
theme and then look at the implications
of that and biggest mistake you think
investors broadly are making probably
the biggest mistake investors have been
making is is betting that this economy
was going to give out sooner than it has
it won't grow forever but it has has
continued to grow and I think there's
been probably too much pessimism of
course the problem is when pessimism
terms optimism then the end is near
you
you
