what can you do you're a journalist
sometimes you make people angry so you
ask up and it has you know Trump's
clearly not happy he goes and talks
about you bleeding out of wherever his
lawyer tweets about you being gutted or
gutting her we can gut her yeah well so
tell me about what the weeks and months
were like being as Maureen Dowd put it
Trump's chew toy I know you're laughing
but I really don't like that I didn't
like that at all
and objected I didn't like the way she
phrased it it was bull can you swear
here I wasn't I never back down from him
I never stopped covering him fairly the
controversies he generated I never was
cowed out of fear even though the
security threats in my life went like
this in my children's lives like this
and it was hard to go out there night
after night and do that and find the
courage to cover him fairly but not
overcorrect to the point where you
bashed him because he was coming after
you and causing this issue in your life
and I was not his chew toy
he continued to try to bully me and I
call it an attempted bullying because an
effective bullying causes change and the
other person's behavior he didn't and at
the end of nine months of relentless
relentless attacks over a hundred tweets
you know that the guy his dance Covino
who's now the White House director of
social media who was relentless to an
orchestrated a campaign against me
online Michael Cohen who is the one
who's Trump's lawyer he's now working
for the president who said we can gut
her I mean to tens of thousands of
people he's tweeting out we can gut her
when there's a fever pitch already
against me it wouldn't stop nothing
would stop the behavior he never could
get past it
and finally I decided to take the
situation in hand and go right to Trump
Tower and stand him down which is what I
did right but that's after your daughter
I think
your daughter came to you and said mom
what's a bimbo and asked you this Donald
Trump want to hurt you and you had
people showing up at your door at your
home your family security is at stake
that must have been awful
the Yardley moment was maybe the lowest
moment of August one of the lowest
moments and Leah's her daughter she's my
daughter she's six now we didn't share
with our kids at all any of his nonsense
because they have enough to worry about
and need to worry about presidential
politics and certainly not anything
involving me and the possible president
but they heard things you know they live
in this world so Yardley came home one
day and and asked me what's a bimbo
and because he had tweeted that out
about me and the thing about it that was
so devastating is a year earlier not not
a year but not long earlier I can't
remember exactly the timing but I had
taken her with me to the fortune most
powerful Women's Conference and she she
said to me on the train ride down there
what what is this thing we're going to
and I said well this is a conference
that talks about really powerful women
who've done great things and celebrates
them and she looked at me and said are
we two of them and you know just I
thought about the loss that my child had
suffered without even knowing it of
thinking you know going from thinking
she was she was at five or four at the
time a fortune most powerful woman -
asking me what a bimbo is it - this
moment it's painful it's it's not listen
I I can take listen a lot of people call
me names I can I can take it but there
was a loss in that moment she lost
something and and every time a a man
whether it is our president or a news
anchor demeans or diminishes a woman by
grabbing her ass or talking about her
body or coming on to her instead of
asking for her ideas and treating her
like a professional in the workplace
setting they lose something - it's not
it's not a small matter it's a huge deal
and it's been happening systemically for
far too long I feel like this is the
first moment we're starting to think
maybe it doesn't have to keep happening
maybe we won't be the nice women and
girls we've been raised to be that is
what is prized among women and young
girls niceness go along to get along
don't cause waves enough of that enough
of that
