so there's a famous chart that shows it
says what people think successes and as
a straight upward line and then what
surpassed success really is and it's a
jagged multi art adventure and that is
accurate Scott Galloway professor of
marketing and weiu Stern and the author
of the for the hidden DNA of Amazon
Apple Facebook and Google if you are not
in your own professional active
professional career kind of wiping out
and getting beaned in the face every
once in a while you aren't trying hard
enough and these companies are great at
failure they're fantastic at taking big
risks putting metrics on them and just
as importantly pulling the plug and
performing infanticide on projects that
aren't working and then moving on to the
next thing whether it was auctions or
the phone with Amazon or Facebook and
some of they're targeting all of these
companies have had huge missteps but it
just doesn't matter because they on
average when they have a great batting
average and as Jeff Bezos said they'll
take a risk of 1 in 10 risk if they
think it can pay off a hundred x that is
in the way traditional companies think
old economy companies typically won't
greenlight anything unless it has more
than a 50% chance of winning and then
even worse than that after it's launched
and it's become the pet project of
people at the top everyone else enters
into consensual hallucination with the
CEO that this thing is working and
sometimes let this kind of gross ugly
child live longer than it should so one
these companies are more disciplined
about taking more risks but they're also
more disciplined about pulling the plug
on these things
