I'm Peter Singer
I'm the IRA WD camp professor of
bioethics at the University Center for
human values at Princeton University
there are many things that effective
altruists can do to help people one of
them obviously is to donate money but in
fact there are things from your own body
that you can donate that will make a
difference giving blood is something
we're very familiar with and that's very
easy but the next step up from that
would be donating bone marrow going on
the bone marrow register and then if
somebody if you're a match for somebody
who needs bone a bone marrow transplant
for whom that can be life-saving
being prepared to do that that's a
somewhat more onerous procedure than
donating blood not risky but still can
be a little bit painful and a longer
procedure and then the next step from
that is is donating a kidney which still
only a relatively small number of people
do maybe 150 a year I'm talking about
donating a kidney to a complete stranger
there are many more who donate kidneys
to relatives but that's that's clearly a
step up but it is a wonderful thing to
do for people who are up to it because
the risk of harm to yourself is is
really very small so provin ski has done
this it calculates the risk of being
about one in four thousand and it's very
often life-saving for people and
certainly gives them a far better
quality of life I know several people
we've done this and often they've had
contact from the recipient who's just
obviously extremely grateful for really
giving them their life back and being
able to be a fully productive member of
the community again
you
