my name is Pete Souza I was the chief
official White House photographer for
President Obama and my new book Obama
and intimate portrait just came out I
think he was able to balance being
president and still having a family life
it was very important to him he would
try to be home for dinner every night at
6:30 and if there were still work to be
done he could always turn around at the
end of the dinner and come back
downstairs to the Oval Office he often
said that during the dinner hour the
conversation was what happened with
Sasha and Malia that day and not
necessarily what happened to him
although he likes to tell the story that
usually they kind of rolled his eyes
when he was tell him about what he did
that day but one day he said that he had
taped this thing called between two
ferns and I guess Malia got all excited
and her ears perked up you did two ferns
you've you taped between two ferns
because he didn't realize how how
popular it was with Malia's generation I
think the president's favorite photo
probably changed but it it for sure
involved a picture that Sasha and Malia
were in he always gravitated towards the
one where he was interacting with his
girls more than any others I was at his
new office in DC a couple months ago and
he has this bookshelf behind his desk
and there's a picture that I took of
Sasha Malia when they were guests at the
state dinner for Prime Minister of
Canada I was the only state dinner they
were invited as guests and they are very
elegant they look like princesses as
they were walking down to cross hall
