it's been one year since Trump was
elected president and the market is up
20% over the last 12 months Trump
continues to take credit for all the
market highs tweeting over the weekend
highest AK market ever of five point
four trillion dollars this is the fifth
highest gain in 12 months following an
election after Obama in 2012 Clinton in
96 Bush senior in 88 and JFK in 1960 not
everyone agrees that he's responsible
for the entire equity rally over the
last year but according to a recent
report at Goldman Sachs he is at least
responsible for companies that have
small and mid-sized businesses as their
customers as people are expecting less
and less regulation for small companies
Goldman Sachs maintains an index of
stocks of about 45 stocks that have a
median revenue from small to mid-sized
companies of about 71% of their total
revenue this basket is up 38% since the
election almost double the S&P some
examples of the names that are in this
index are companies like CDW which sells
computers to businesses they get over
50% of their revenue from small to
mid-sized businesses and they're up over
50% over the last year also square which
does the payments for vendors they get a
hundred percent of their revenue from
small to mid-sized businesses and
they're up over two hundred percent in
the last year this outlook has also
pushed the NFIB small business optimism
index to the highest level in 12 years a
few months after Trump was elected
according to Goldman Sachs chief US
equity strategist small business owners
have been thrilled at the prospect of
deregulation under the Trump
administration this might be the most
resilient Trump trade that we've seen
well it may be hard to get exposure to
small and mid-sized businesses it's easy
to get exposure to the publicly traded
companies that have them as customers
and that it seems is what investors are
doing and that's today's bottom line
