so you said you have the card in your
wallet I do can I can I see that I'm
sergeant Ron stallworth retired when I
was the detective at the Colorado
Springs Police Department in 1978 I
launched a investigation into the Ku
Klux Klan a chapter that was forming and
trying to expand in my city I launched
it based on seeing a one ad in the
classified section of the newspaper and
there was a peel box number I wrote a
note one letter if you wrote to at p.o
box I basically said I hate nigger spics
chased Jews gaps and anybody else who is
a pure Aryan white like me and I wanted
to join something that would allow me to
direct my attention towards that about a
week two weeks later I get a phone call
in my office the voice on the end of the
phone said hi this is Ken O'Dell I'm the
local chapter president of the Karo
Springs Ku Klux Klan his response to me
was just the kind of guy we're looking
for when can we meet that's what I said
oh hell what do I do now I immediately
formulated a strategy and it was simply
to get a white officer posing as me to
go meet this guy
Chuck is not his real name I knew Chuck
well he was a good undercover officer
and so I chose him when I said off do
this it was simply to gather information
on the clan who they are what they are
where they are how many they are and
take it from there Chuck his lieutenant
said this will never work because Chuck
will walk into the meetings they'll
immediately recognize from his voice
that he's not black I said to the
lieutenant what does a black man sound
like and then he said you know shucking
and jiving and saying mother blank blank
I said I can shuck and jive if I have to
would be I could speak correct English
when I need to when I needed a physical
body to attend a Klan meeting I would go
tell him my we need you for this most of
these guys carry guns and Chuck would go
into situations knowing that these
people were armed and they're
unpredictable David Duke was the
National Director / Grand Wizard of the
Ku Klux Klan I called him up one day to
find out where my membership card was
because we're supposed to get it within
two weeks of applying on this particular
day David Duke happened to be there pick
the phone up what can I do for him he
told me that there had been a
administrative snafu and he personally
would process the membership and it's in
my card to me I actually have a card in
my wallet
I've carried that card in my wallet
since I got it in January of 1979 and I
also have a certificate of mimma
membership to the Ku Klux Klan both the
documents signed prepared for and signed
by David knew during the seven and a
half months of the undercover phase the
results were we prevented three cross
burnings cross burning is a domestic
active terrorism it's been classified as
such so we prevented three of those in
Colorado Springs no one ever had to wake
up and be terrorized seeing a burning
cross at a distance
we also learned of two military
personnel
working at North American Air Defense
Command NORAD who had top security
clearance demand the console that
monitored North American airspace we
uncovered two men
plan who had that job I was invited into
NORAD met the deputy commander and based
on the information I provided to him he
contacted the Pentagon talked to some
general there and that general ordered
him to order those two men off NORAD and
to reassign him I was told that they
were going to quote-unquote the North
Pole they nominated chop slash me to
become the local chapter president when
I told my chief of police this latest
development he said in the investigation
now he said it's gone far enough I was
told to have no further contact with the
clan don't answer the phone don't go to
any more meetings you also ordered me to
destroy the file I have two notebooks
about bold three inches thick maybe and
when my sergeant wasn't looking I took
the notebook put him on my arm walked
out to my car and took him home groups
like the Ku Klux Klan neo-nazi skinheads
all right call them what you will
they're basically all the same we need
to be aware of who they are what they
are why they are and we need to address
these issues when when they come up too
many people are afraid to talk about the
issue of race we should be willing to
address it and more importantly when it
rears its ugly head we should be willing
to take a stand and try to stop it out
whatever the action may be at a
particular time you want to take the
back because you want to focus on number
five every time David Duke talk to me or
any of the Klansmen talk to me on the
phone they were violated number five
pledge to never talk to local state or
federal officials and we got a lot of
chuckles a lot of chuckles out of that
