what I think I would like to see is
people putting a lot more emphasis on
productive work and investment and a lot
less on consumption now we are a
consumer economy and of course most
people from the from the White House on
down get all upset when consumers aren't
spending because you know consumption is
70 percent of GDP it's a big chunk we
have the highest consumption to GDP
ratio of any country in the world so
that is what's driven this economy but
that's that's fine but who's doing the
investing it's been China that's doing
the investing much more than the US
so they invest they produce the goods
they sell them to us and then we give
them paper and look there's something
written on that paper and it's claims
and that's how they go around the world
buy anything they want so I would like
to see a lot more emphasis on productive
work and investment much more of the
pattern of the of the Germans they're
very tough of course they're very good
at this but they they have really come
through with flying colors despite all
the problems in Europe in the last in
the last five six years because they
have a very disciplined approach saving
hard work investing they have a huge
trade surplus there and they're
exporting more in the import we're the
opposite we're printing a import more
than we export III would like to see a
change in that but that's a change in
attitude and that means people have to
if you're an economist you say that
means you have a smaller discount rate
in other words you think that the future
is not worth as as much as a lot of
people think of futures worth nothing so
spend it all today I don't worry about
the future
well somebody who's somebody who is has
the opposite more Germanic attitude says
hey I want to save because the future is
out there and I want to be ready and
again compound interest is going to make
that worthwhile
you
