my name is Dan Buettner I'm a National
Geographic Explorer and the author of
Blue Zones of happiness lessons from the
world's happiest people only about 30
percent of Americans actually like their
job and that's a really important area
for happiness because you spend most of
your waking hours working so you ask
yourself how do you find a job that
really speaks to your passions or
purpose and I like to think of doing an
internal inventory what do you like to
do what are you good at doing what
allows you to live out your values and
what can you give back and I actually
have an exercise where I answer all
those four questions and put a list for
each and then find where the common
denominators are and that gives you a
pretty good idea of what your purpose or
as the Okinawans call what your iki guy
is I first heard about iki guy in
Okinawa among a group of hundred year
old women who were telling me that for
them it means the reason for which I
wake up in the morning interestingly in
Okinawa where women live the longest in
the world there is no word for
retirement and instead this idea of iki
guy imbues people's entire adult life
and I think it's a reminder of knowing
your sense of purpose and living your
sense of purpose whether it's in your
job or in your social life or in your
family life and for me and this is an
interpretation iki guys seem more than
just pursuing your passion like golfing
or knitting but it also included an
element of responsibility like you get
to a certain age and you can go ahead
and do the job or the work that that
fuels your flow but you should also be
thinking about giving back that's true
iki i
you
