Trump's tax plan is finally here the tax
cuts and Jobs Act as it's called was
revealed and there are a lot of details
that could impact your money next year
if the plan gets passed good news for
retirement savers you can still
contribute to your 401 K on a pre-tax
basis that remained unchanged but the
tax brackets right now we have seven
will be shrunk down to four the standard
deduction is getting bigger but it's in
exchange for eliminating many many
itemized deductions a few of the
deductions we could lose are the state
and local income tax deduction student
loan interest deduction and a cap on how
much mortgage interest you can deduct on
your taxes Republicans said the typical
American family will save eleven hundred
eighty two dollars a year very very
specific but that's less than a hundred
dollars a month so these aren't huge tax
cuts here's how you can figure out how
much you will save on your taxes start
by finding your 2016 tax return look at
line 37 on page one that's your adjusted
gross income from last year don't worry
about what that is exactly just know you
need that number then take a look at the
second page lines 40 and 42 are your
deductions and exemptions from 2016 what
the Republicans are proposing is
collapsing those into one big standard
deduction $12,000 if you're single
twenty-four thousand if you're married
filing jointly you can compare what you
paid last year to those numbers to see
which one is better for you
next take your adjusted gross income
that's line 37 from page one and
subtract out either the twelve thousand
standard deduction or the twenty-four
thousand depending on if you're single
or married to come up with your taxable
income under Trump's proposed plan
compare that number to line forty three
on your 2016 tax return that's the
amount you pay taxes on last year the
lower this number is the less you pay in
taxes once you know your estimated
taxable income using Trump's new plan
you can actually run the numbers using
the tax brackets they've laid out simple
as that
then you can compare how much you would
pay in taxes under Trump's plan to what
you paid in 2016 and that's how much you
could end up saving or paying more in
