first thing I would do at the Fed is to
get him out of the forecasting business
they're lousy at it the Fed did not
forecast up until up until the early 90s
they didn't they they didn't even tell
you what their Fed federal funds target
is their interest rate ties will get
these data every Wednesday night and
they would massage the data the wee
hours of the morning trying to figure
what is the target that the Fed has
because he didn't announce it more
recently they've gotten bitten by the
transparency bug and I think that was a
product of the financial crisis a lot of
things were not transparent and these
guys running the Fed are mere mortals
and and they saw okay transparency is
the end thing to do so we're going to be
transparent we're going to we're going
to tell the world what our what our
plans are well the problem is that all
their targets are data-driven and they
admit this but they're very very poor
forecasters of the data I mean they
apparently forecast more inflation than
we've had Pirela forecasts sooner and
more interest rate increases than they
put in parentally overcast over forecast
inflation economic growth I would just
say you don't have to forecast the feds
Charter is that they're supposed to
promote full employment and and price
stability and they defined as they want
to but it doesn't say anything they have
to forecast matter of fact we did a
study we looked back in 1993 the Fed was
not telling the world what they're going
to do then and quite out of the blue
starting in February they raised
interest rates they raised them for 3%
to 6% in a matter of seven months huge
shock to the economy we looked at that
relative to what they've done since
December of 2015 when they started
raising rates now and they've only going
up 100 basis points one percent the
button but they told everybody what
they're going to do the volatility back
then with much greater interest rate
increases compared the volatility now
was much less now there are other things
that work there but I think you can say
that forward guidance has not been a
success and it has strained the
credibility of the Fed so I'd get out of
the forward guidance I get out of
forecasting business publicly
forecasting sure they got to do it
internally but I keep your mouth shut
publicly
