we were held up at arrow point by
indigenous tribes at gunpoint by drug
smugglers I was even arrested for
suspected murder at one point and locked
up and held it held up at gunpoint hi my
name is Ed Stafford I'm an adventurer on
Discovery Channel and I've got a new
show out which is left for dead
originally I think the my drive for
walking the length of the Amazon was
quite a it was quite a go ik actually it
was it was about me it was about beating
my chest it was potentially a bit more
of a young man's attitude towards going
on an adventure I really wanted to show
off that I could be tough enough to walk
the entire length of the Amazon
bizarrely though I've stumbled into a
career which I don't think is as
unhealthy as a result of it I think to
be putting myself constantly in
situations where I'm challenged where
I'm humbled where I have to think
outside the box keeps me young it
enables me to keep developing as a
person and learning new stuff and
meeting new people and going to amazing
places so bizarrely I think my
motivation is now completely different
because because it's sort of matured
with with my career but originally it
was it was just all about showing off
originally I thought walking down sand
would take one year it ended up taking
two and a half years and the realization
that it would take so much longer it's
unclear now after a couple of months of
walking and and I think I've always been
one of those people that would be commit
to doing something you've got to do it
you can't be the flaky person who says
they're gonna go and walk the length of
the hours and then it gets a bit
difficult or it's taking longer than you
thought it was going to take so they
come home and people pat you on the back
in the Pope and say oh we don't think
any less of you and clearly they do I
think there was so many opportunities to
come home there was we were held up at
arrow point by indigenous tribes at
gunpoint by drug smugglers I was even
arrested for suspected murder at one
point and locked up and held it held it
all sorts of stuff happened there would
have been every opportunity but I think
I just stuck to that if you say you're
going to do it I do
you
