Scott Galloway professor of marketing
and weiu Stern and the author of the for
the hidden DNA of Amazon Apple Facebook
and Google to give you a sense of just
how powerful Amazon is when Amazon
opened one store Amazon whose key
feature was that it used artificial
intelligence to get rid of cashiers
effectively you heard this giant scream
across the US labor force where of the
11 million cashiers in the US that's
more than primary teachers in terms of
actual numbers about three of those 11
million probably lost their job they
just don't know it yet and in every
retail boardroom we're talking about
store optimization which is Latin for
fire people I believe however the
opportunity in retail is to invest in
not artificial intelligence but organic
intelligence people no longer go to
stores for products they go for people
so the winners in retail the Home
Depot's the best buys the sephora's are
investing in their blue shirts their
golden aprons and their cast because if
you're going into a store you want
someone there you want the most
impressive supercomputer in the history
of the world and that's an individual
who is well trained so well tech is
digging there's an opportunity for
retail to zag Starbucks is the Original
Gangster here spending more money on
benefits and they do on coffee when you
go into Starbucks you feel better about
the experience because the person behind
the counter the barista actually seems
to be enjoying their job or feel as if
they're getting paid well and learning
something
you
