one of the research notes that I
received this morning I made the point
that monetary policy is going to
dominate stock trading for the near term
do you agree with that what do you think
there's more to the story than that I
think that there is quite a bit more to
the story there's no question that at
today's valuations so if you look at the
S&P overall forward peas are about
eighteen and a half the long-term
average is more like fifteen and a half
you could say that it looks a little bit
rich but at today's interest rates
actually it looks pretty fairly priced
but if we had a sudden rise in rates you
would begin to think probably that the
current prices are are without a doubt
touch frothy but we would not say that's
the base case we actually think the base
case is that we're quite constructive on
equities at the moment but we do think
that the risks of a gradual
normalization remain around the balance
sheet of the Fed
