more new highs for the market this week
seems like every week we have this how
high are we gonna go does valuation
matter at all if you've been watching
the bottom line for the last few months
you will note that this is something we
talked about quite frequently I have
shown many chart suggesting that the
market is extremely expensive
my co-host Sarah silverstein and many
others have pointed out that that may be
so but it doesn't seem to stop it from
going up well a few more points on that
this week one John Huss Minh who has
been bearish because evaluation for a
very long time as a new chart that is a
variation on the cyclically adjusted p/e
ratio where Hussman looks at it and says
look this has actually now become the
most expensive market of all time above
the 2000 bubble above 2007 mr. Hussman
is saying that this heralds a likely
pullback of about 60% just to get to
average that wouldn't even be a deep
pullback on the other hand we had Warren
Buffett come out this week and say look
valuation does matter but when interest
rates are low which they are now a lot
of the old metrics aren't as useful as
they used to be and so a lot of folks
took heart in that and a lot of folks
who are bullish say yes mr. Buffett you
are right no concerns about valuation up
we go mr. Blodgett you are crazy to even
point it out Sarah silver Stein my
co-host what do you think about
valuation well I did see the husband
chart that you're talking about and I do
wonder if one of the things that he had
just about the Cape ratio is he just
because the profit margins were so small
during the tech bubble and is it fair to
take that out of the equation when
you're comparing doesn't that make that
time more dangerous than this time I
agree we can all massage numbers and
charts and make them conclude them to
look whatever we want to say that said
it's not just the Cape ratio that says
this market is fantastically expensive
and Buffett in particular many years ago
looked at revenue or market cap to GDP
basically said look this is the measure
that encapsulates everything that
measure suggests the market is
extraordinarily expensive as do many
other cyclically adjusted measures so I
don't think that means that we're in
trouble tomorrow the next year these
things
last a long time but personally I look
at that and say price matters returns
are going to be low over the next also
matters I think and I think that calling
the top two years too early makes you
wrong and cost you a lot of money in
2005 I remember people saying credit
spreads can't get tighter they can't
stay tight forever three years later
they were still saying the same thing
and that costs a lot of people money a
lot of people went broke in the process
and Keynes famously said that the market
can stay irrational longer than you can
be solvent you are right again and I
will say that I gotta say vocally warned
about valuations more than two years ago
three I do feel like the world's biggest
moron but what I will say is that going
back to the 1990s the arguments you are
making Wow were they everywhere 1995 to
2000 Hey valuation doesn't matter it's
not useful for timing so forth everyone
was absolutely right right up until
March 2000 then you began to feel like
an idiot while you were impoverished by
the return to the mean and that's what
scares me is that yes we would all like
to be right on timing and you were
totally right that two years in
professional money management you're
gonna get fired long before you're right
but in the end if history is plays out
again we will be happy at some point but
we at least noticed the markets expand
and you're and you don't want to be the
one that's making the argument I'm
making right now right before the bubble
bursts and I think that that's certainly
fair but and I and I appreciate the
warning I think that even though like
the probability of a crash right now
isn't zero and I am going to protect
myself as such just like when you're in
the highway and you see falling rock
signs but I've never seen a falling rock
but I I'm glad for the warning in case
it happens I might be more prepared so
we will stay tuned evaluation on the
bottom line yes and I also would like to
share a fidelity chart the chart of the
week this week on market breadth which
shows which has been known to show the
strength of a market and the market
breadth right now is actually at the
lowest point that it's been
since before the election with just 43%
of sacks that are currently above their
50-day moving average so there might be
some weakness there and it's always a
nice thing to look at
