hi I'm Patti LaBelle and today I'm
making my sweet potato pie everybody
loves a patty pie and I'm here to show
you how to do the same go ahead you can
start with the the butter
okay give me the cinnamon and the Nutmeg
it doesn't matter in what order just
dump it good girl now here's the kosher
salt people say why do you put salt in
sweet items
it gives it a heightened something and
makes it a nice I love it it's like you
have chocolate pretzels and they'd be
putting some kosher salt I can't explain
it but anyway a little salt to your
sweet and now oh you can dump that now
get the sugar okay now you have to stir
it up your pitiful little hand work them
girl
I'm with Pfizer it's all about your boom
campaign that I've been doing with them
for a while now
and I'm here to lecture ladies and
gentlemen know who was over 65 how we
can keep ourselves living and you can go
to all about your boom com2 look at this
video that I did with new attitude it's
funny you just have to see it so go go
there and check it out
