my fellow Americans we are joined
together today in sadness shock and
grief last night a gunman opened fire on
a large crowd at a country music concert
in Las Vegas Nevada he brutally murdered
more than 50 people and wounded hundreds
more it was an act of pure evil the FBI
and the Department of Homeland Security
are working closely with local
authorities to assist with the
investigation and they will provide
updates as to the investigation and how
it develops I want to thank the Las
Vegas metropolitan Police Department and
all of the first responders for their
courageous efforts and for helping to
save the lives of so many the speed with
which they acted is miraculous and
prevented further loss of life to have
found the shooter so quickly after the
first shots were fired is something for
which we will always be thankful and
grateful
it shows what true professionalism is
all about hundreds of our fellow
citizens are now mourning the sudden
loss of a loved one a parent a child a
brother or sister we cannot fathom their
pain we cannot imagine their loss to the
families of the victims we are praying
for you and we are here for you and we
ask God to help see you through this
very dark period scripture teaches us
the Lord is close to the brokenhearted
and saves those who are crushed in
spirit we seek comfort in those words
for we know that God
in the hearts of those who grieve to the
wounded who are now recovering in
hospitals we are praying for your full
and speedy recovery and pledge to you
our support from this day forward in
memory of the Fallen I have directed
that our great flag be flown at
half-staff I will be visiting Las Vegas
on Wednesday to meet with law
enforcement first responders and the
families of the victims in moments of
tragedy and horror America comes
together as one and it always has we
call upon the bonds that unite us our
faith our family and our shared values
we call upon the bonds of citizenship
the ties of community and the comfort of
our common humanity our unity cannot be
shattered by evil our bonds cannot be
broken by violence and though we feel
such great anger at the senseless murder
of our fellow citizens it is our love
that defines us today and always will
forever in times such as these I know we
are searching for some kind of meaning
in the chaos some kind of light in the
darkness the answers do not come easy
but we can take solace knowing that even
the darkest space can be brightened by a
single light and even the most terrible
despair can be illuminated by a single
ray of hope Melania and I are praying
for every American who has been hurt
wounded or lost the ones they love so
dearly in this terrible terrible attack
we pray for the entire nation to find
unity and peace and we pray for the day
when evil is banished and the innocent
are safe
hatred and from fear may God bless the
souls of the lives that are lost may God
give us the grace of healing and may God
provide the grieving families with
strength to carry on thank you god bless
america
thank you
