typically we don't mark expensive wines
up more than we do a mid price wine
they'll go to the local wine store and
go oh I could get this bottle of wine
for $20 and then the restaurant it cost
60 yeah we're factoring other other
factors that go into that as well the
mid-price wine we're looking for a 30%
cost but inexpensive wine we're okay
with a 50% cost because now you're
looking at gross profit so if a bottle
of wine cost me 200 I sell for 400 I'm
making $200 every time I sell that wine
if I buy a wine for 10 and sell it for
you know 32 I'm only making 22 dollars
every time I saw that wine so I you know
we have a the margin is better on a
lower priced wine but the gross profits
better on a more expensive bottle of
wine yeah yeah yes one thing to do is
and you could do this online a lot a lot
of restaurants have their wine list
online so you can actually compare you
know restaurants so find that same
bottle of wine the same vintage make
sure it's the same vintage it's really
important and then compare restaurant to
restaurant and then you can see who's
marking up why more aggressively than
other restaurants
