and when you look at the opioid crisis
what do you think is something what will
help that what do we need to do yeah in
a way the opioid crisis is first it's
something our country should be quite
disappointed we allow it to transpire
because essentially we've systematically
poisoned our population in a way in
terms of the mass consumption of opioids
but if you step back it's another
example that reinforces we try to answer
problems with interventions so have a
problem have an intervention as opposed
to more comprehensively help individuals
manage pain so stepping back we consume
the vast majority of the world's
pharmaceutical opioids for 5% of the
world's population that doesn't really
make sense as a company we step forward
about two and a half years ago and said
we're gonna reduce the consumption of
pharmaceutical opioids by 25 percent for
our customers working hand in glove with
physicians to bring the consumption back
to pre epidemic levels and we just
thought to do that in three years
I'm proud our company did it in 22
months and now we step forward and said
in cities around the United States we're
stepping forward as a pledge to reduce
the rate of opioid and overdose related
deaths by 25 percent and the way you do
that is one person at a time and working
hand in glove with medical professionals
and community leaders so to me it's a
problem that is really symptomatic of an
overconsumption of health services
unnecessarily and not addressing the
whole person in coordination with a
physician and the bright spot is when
you work collaboratively with a
physician in the individual you could
move the needle forward and I'm proud of
what our company did and how do you do
that on such a large scale because like
you said it is a very one-to-one thing
and how do you create an incentive to
not just to to reduce the number of
prescriptions without hurting people
yeah I know a really important powerful
question so when you're a large
corporation no matter what industry
you're in the risk is that you kind of
come at things in a homogeneous way we
believe everything is local all
healthcare is personal all healthcare is
local so we operate a very localized
model aided by global resources so the
engagement happens with the local
practicing physician with our physician
leaders talking hand in glove with those
individuals it comes with convening
community leaders faith-based leaders
employers elected officials locally
because the solution in community a is
different than the solution and
community B based on the the local
orientation and in fact our strategy is
go deeper go local go beyond so we're
quite serious about that localization in
terms of the personalization the
engagement at the local level in trying
to drive it but it's with the clinicians
not to the clinicians and it's with the
consumer a patient not to the consumer a
patient
