someone said to me that you described
the firing of James Comey you're a
student of history as the biggest
mistake in political history that would
be probably that probably be too
bombastic even for me but maybe modern
political history
it is also true many say and you're a
smart guy that if James Comey had not
been five you would not have the Muller
investigation true I don't think there's
anything I don't think I don't think
there's any doubt that if James Comey
had not been fired we would not have a
special counsel yes who would not have
the Muller investigation would not had
the mole investigation would not have
the mole investigation in the breath
that clearly mr. molar is going someone
said to me that you described the firing
of James Comey you're a student of
history as the biggest mistake in
political history that would be probably
that probably be too bombastic even for
me but maybe modern political history
so the firing of James Comey was the
biggest mistake in modern political
history
if you're saying that that's associated
with me then I'll leave it at that
