what do you think about where tack
valuations are right now a lot has been
made about tech valuations really over
the last I would argue not just couple
of years but five years really since the
beginning of this bull market I think
it's fair to say that on a lot of
metrics that we look at tech is probably
fairly or reasonably valued if you look
at PE or PE to growth we're really right
in line with the market people will look
at say the indicated dividend yield and
understandably it's a little bit lower
than the S&P 500 but overall we don't
see the excess valuations that people
are talking about and in fact we do see
a lot of names as still attractively
valued despite the fact that they've
risen pretty substantially and which
socks do you see that still have a lot
of upside even at this level yeah so a
lot of stocks that frankly people I
think are interested in you know so the
Fang names for example so we
historically as a business have been
very much focused on growth at a
reasonable price so you wouldn't
necessarily think of the Fang stocks in
that category but we frankly have been
recommending those names for a pretty
long while we have bi opinions on all
four of those names and for a variety of
reasons I personally cover Facebook and
alphabet and I think people would be
surprised to know that the valuations
are actually we think pretty compelling
in addition to what we see as growth
that is sustainable very healthy and
frankly somewhat unique in the
marketplace today
