everything the guy does turns the gold
cuz he's got the work effort to make it
happen why wouldn't you want to try
politics not just think it doesn't
matter what you think I think the rock
if you look at how he's built his career
much like Schwarzenegger when he became
the Governor of California when you work
to a certain level how much bigger can
you get how much more can you do we've
entered an era now having Trump in the
office whether you agree or don't agree
he got in because of his celebrity
that's exactly why he knew how to play a
camera he knew how to deliver lines he
knew had to be charismatic enough to get
people on his side and that's what
politics is you know even Obama as long
as you have some money behind you and
can deliver lines charismatic Lee I
think rocky has a chance to really get
in there and take over if he wants to do
it we've seen that a celebrity can
basically come in and make it just on
their name and charisma alone which is
kind of scary to me the rock is great is
one of my favorite rivals one of the
best guys have been in the ring with for
chemistry when he was in the business
and the top guy in the microphone I
don't think too many people could touch
him but I could I'll be the vice
president I'm gonna be the first
undisputed prime president of North
America I'm gonna be the Prime Minister
of Canada and the president of America
at the same time it's called the prime
president prime president Jericho that
sounds good
