we're easily talking into the billions
of dollars here as being the cost of
turbulence to Airlines which of course
gets passed on to passengers my name is
Paul Williams and I am a professor of
atmospheric science in the Department of
meteorology at the University of Reading
invisible turbulence in the atmosphere
is generated by what atmospheric
scientists call a wind shear that sounds
a complicated term but all it means
really is that the higher up you go in
the atmosphere the stronger the winds
blow so for example if you've ever
climbed the Eiffel Tower you know that
when you're on the ground it's usually
not very windy but as you climb up and
go higher the wind speed picks up that's
a wind shear and in fact that effect
increases all the way up to 10
kilometers in altitude where planes fly
and it's shears wind shears in the
atmospheric winds that cause clear air
turbulence and we have evidence that the
jet stream is speeding up because of
climate change
so that's increasing the wind shear
increasing instabilities and causing
more turbulence to break out there are a
number of different ways in which
turbulence costs the airlines money and
of course they have to pass those costs
on to the passengers the most obvious
way is injuries to passengers and flight
attendants and crew we know that there
are thousands of planes every year in
the USA alone encountering severe
turbulence which is strong enough to
hospitalized people - there are hundreds
of injuries and even some fatalities on
smaller planes caused by turbulence if
you add up all of these costs the total
cost of turbulence to the airlines is
estimated to be up to 500 million US
dollars a year in the USA alone and if
you extrapolate that figure globally
we're easily talking into the billions
of dollars a year as being the cost of
turbulence to Airlines which of course
gets passed on to passengers
you
