banner toe is a form of aerial
advertising that toes a banner behind an
airplane it's a way to take an
advertising piece to the people
I'm well aware that there's hundreds of
thousands of people on the beach you
can't miss the billboard that flies by
and I think it creates top to the mind
awareness these things are 40 feet high
by 100 feet long so that's 4,000 square
feet picture a house that's 4,000 square
feet lay it all flat that's how big your
messages
people want to get away from the big
cities and every one of the towns along
the whole shoreline has a little beach
we launched out of Westerly Rhode Island
we're gonna go all the way down to
Bridgeport Connecticut so that'll be up
New Haven Old Saybrook rocky neck State
Park
it's Donington we go to where the people
are we're a moving billboard and we're a
billboard that's bigger than a billboard
the pickup is challenging an airplane
takes off it's going to take off the
person is going to throw a grappling
hook off out of the window
we tell them they have a good hook show
it's not wrapped around an airplane it's
a rope connected to a safety link
connected to the back of the plane
that's approximately 22 feet long
they're going to come back around line
up on two cones that are five feet high
six and a half feet wide with a rope 3/8
Rope dangling between these two
loopholes they are going to position an
airplane going 85 miles an hour down
towards the cones rotate the hook picks
up this little rope when they're
successful the banner picks up off the
ground with 300 feet of rope and it
pulls right up off the bat when they
miss the hook either goes right or left
or high or low and they'll have to come
back around and do it again
what does it feel like when you when you
have a solid pickup well emotionally
it's a rush because you're just like yes
they got it now I can keep going or if
you miss it you're like expletive I I
can't believe I missed it you know and
they have to come back around and do it
all over again you're gonna be between
Andrea and the State Beach right now
just flying around there we have about
five or six different pilots that work
for me they're independent contractors
they pick and choose when they want to
work or where they what the rest they
want to fly to worry about the hood I am
headed to Hammond Asset State Park in
Connecticut and then out to Point Judith
in Rhode Island a good group of guys
they're gonna use this as stepping stone
this is the fastest way to get ours two
seasons with us and they're down the
road they're going Airlines
this job is a fluid job you don't know
where it's gonna take you or what wave
is gonna hit you it you might have a
flat tire one day or you might have a
banner flip back over or whatever you
just never know what's gonna happen it's
a lot of fun
you
