my name is crystal Mathis I'm owner of a
specialties a specialties is a
promotional product supplier based in
Lafayette Louisiana a specialties is the
Trump campaigns official merchandise
distributor this is our facility here in
Lafayette we have of course our official
megawhatts that sells like hotcakes
the official Trump Navy maggot t-shirt
it's definitely the top seller build the
wall which is definitely an American
favorite this is our Trump magum ugh
that we have sold thousands of because
everyone loves waking up remembering
that President Trump is their president
so this shirt is the LGBTQ for Trump
shirt beautiful design and we have sold
so many one of our top items in the pet
category is definitely before the Magali
any purchase of official Trump campaign
merchandise counts as a campaign
contribution according to a
representative from the Trump campaign
more than 20 million dollars worth of
merchandise has been sold since July of
2016 the way we normally work with
clients is we pick out merchandise we
collaborate with the company and then we
fulfill the orders and we charge a
fulfillment fee before she landed the
deal with Trump Mahfouz specialized in
uniform components for the oil and gas
industry so around 2015 oil industry in
this area was hit very hard in fact
Lafayette Louisiana was one of the
hardest hit when it came to job losses
across the United States and I just woke
up one day and I was like I don't know
how I'm gonna pay my bills and I
literally prayed every day
in four direction asking for you know
give me a sign please tell me what I'm
supposed to do when President Trump
announced he was running as he was
coming down the escalator I saw a few
people wearing t-shirts or holding
t-shirts and I said that's it
mahfouz already had a connection with
Donald Trump's son Eric through his
foundation my best friend and I we
started a nonprofit organization raising
money for st. Jude hospital in 2007 and
we met Eric in 2011 it was sort of like
an instant connection we had the same
passion for raising money for kids with
cancer so I reached out to someone in
the Trump org who then connected me with
the campaign team Mahfouz made her pitch
at Trump Tower in 2015 we went up to New
York and we did a great presentation
shark tank style so when they called him
to come down to look at everything I was
confident I knew the numbers I knew the
presentation I knew the website so when
he looked at me and he said how fast can
we get this done and I said you know
give me a week and I will have a
full-blown fulfillment center
merchandise ready to go and I did it
from the get-go we started to see
overwhelming support for president Trump
we were at a point where we were
shipping eight to ten thousand packages
a day it was unbelievable orders from
all across the country
we went from 12 employees to having
almost 60 nearly 24-hours a day
scheduled we had vast growth very
quickly
I think my greatest memory was election
night we brought nine suitcases full of
Magha hats
I never had a doubt I knew we were going
to win there was never ever a doubt in
our minds the best selling product
obviously for the campaign is 100% the
Maggie had the red Maggie had has been
our number one product the Mogga hats
are made in Los Angeles according to the
Trump campaign hundreds of thousands of
the hats have been sold
so when Kanye tweeted out his photo with
a mag aha we started to see lots of
orders come in lots of support from new
supporters everyone wanting a mag ahead
if it's not green underneath it's not
official when we see articles when we
see reports that you know the hats are
made in China or that we were selling
China made hats at the inauguration it's
not true you know the news media didn't
do their research because if you look at
the official hat it's green and if it's
not green it's not official with this
experience ace has definitely received
national attention
we are definitely more confident when
approaching bigger opportunities to say
you know did you know that we are the
official supplier for the Trump campaign
people think you know if she could do
that and handle all the volumes then we
definitely know she's a great partner
for us
