China is the largest supplier for both
fuel oil and food for North Korea the
Korean regime is in a very harsh climate
it's bitterly cold in the winter they
have a big problem with flooding in the
summer so they don't grow enough of
their own food and so they're very
vulnerable I'm Dave de noon and I'm the
director of the NYU center on us-china
relations China has the leverage to cut
those things off the problem is that if
they did that the regime would collapse
and then there would probably be
hundreds of thousands or maybe millions
of Koreans who would walk across the
Yellow River and come into China the
Chinese don't want that in an earlier
period there was an ideological affinity
and closeness between North Korea and
China now that China is more pragmatic
they're less willing to cooperate with
North Korea but they're worried about a
North Korean collapse so I would say
it's the collapse of the government the
possibility of a large number of
refugees the possibility of political
chaos that is the biggest concern
because it's possibility of a blow up
that could not only to war on the Korean
Peninsula but war between the US and
China
you
