and one of the things that surprised me
in your latest research note was your
prediction that despite the fact that
we're still in the a Jindal ever G
leveraging 2% growth you think the
economy will accelerate to 3 to 3 and a
half percent what drives that yeah well
that's that's is that's its massive
fiscal stimuli and and I think there's
plenty of resources to do it now some
people say well productivity is low and
you don't have enough increase in the
labor force but but productivity is very
funny it it it doesn't it doesn't react
to capital spending if a big capital
spending did not necessarily give you
productivity growth but what does is the
aging the maturation the growing in
sizes of new technologies you look at
things like like robotics and and
biotechnology or emini maybe even
self-driving vehicles they start very
small they girl like Topsy but they
finally get big enough to drive the
productivity needle so I think that's
coming and the other in terms of
manpower
you know the reason the unemployment
rate is is where it is now it's not
because of increase in employment is
because people dropped out of the labor
force the unemployment rate is the ratio
of people actively looking to work to
only denominator those people opposed
those with jobs now if people drop out
of the labor force as they did a lot of
people didn't think they could find jobs
and of course opposed to her babies
someone retired and younger people
stayed in school they thought they'd get
better jobs more education we had a
tremendous decline in what's called the
labor participation rate that the
percentage of people are either looking
for worker and actively employed a lot
of those people are now coming off a
bench people over 65 their labor
participation rates going up a lot of
them don't have the money to retire they
were lousy savers but also they're in
better health and they want to want to
stay active and then you look at on a
global basis boy there's plenty of
capacity and labor so I don't see any
inhibitors to that growth and I think
the fiscal stimulus is going to be the
driving force on the demand side
