there a couple of mistakes the most
important one is they don't begin I have
so many people come to me all ages all
stages that they like and they say I've
got this idea
I've got was in here for a business and
you know sometimes I listen as a coach
certainly that's why people hire me to
execute now I'll often say well once you
have something workable almost like an
MVP talk to me because almost like 99%
of people will be stuck in that phase of
never getting started in action it's
crippling it's like taking a weakening
drug when you don't take action on on
something that inspires you and you feel
cool to it so the biggest mistake is
people never begin they have an idea
they talk about it forever it gets
boring to them even you know over time
the most one thing to do is to get
started and the second is just to have
clarity in terms of know what you're
good at knowing that you're going to
enjoy doing it over time and really just
understanding that there's a market for
you want and being confident in you
knowing that you can take a piece of
that market
you
