hi my name's Robin Drake I'm United
States Naval Academy graduate former
Marine Corps officer FBI agent and
former head of a behavioral analysis
program for federal government three
ways to build connection with people is
by asking questions active listening and
decoding nonverbal behavior it's really
pretty simple because when you ask
questions the other person's brains
automatically engaging it's the best
thing you do again when you're asking
questions again non-judgmentally and/or
in a challenging way but from a seeking
to understand way you're demonstrating
their value you're demonstrating an
affiliation in the brain is really rich
and rewarded for it you ever hear the
expression hey you know you want to
plant seeds for someone to think about
tomorrow you don't do that by telling
someone what to do or tell them your
thoughts and opinions you do that by
asking them questions because their
brain will engage those things and they
can't stop so that's the first one
active listening that is really simple
for me because by just demonstrating
that you're listening by following up on
the statements and the information
they're giving you during an encounter
get rid of the things that you think you
had to say in any kind of script and pay
attention to what they're saying and
follow up with even deeper questions
about understanding who they are in
their thoughts and opinions and finally
it's the nonverbals and what we're
looking for in nonverbal behavior to
demonstrate that we actually do have
affiliation and liking going on is we're
looking for the smiling maybe a little
head tilt exposing a carotid artery
trust me in the world not to rip out my
jugular
palms up ventus plays eyebrow elevation
all these things are saying and
demonstrating we have liking we have
affiliation as opposed to the eyebrow
compression lip compression it's the
same you're not doing something right
and you need to adjust what you're doing
order to make that connection
