hi my name is Robin Drake I'm United
States Naval Academy graduate former
Marine Corps officer FBI agent and
former head of a behavioral analysis
program for federal government the
difference between following the golden
rule vice the Platinum rule is really
pretty simple a golden rules about you
know treating people as you want to be
treated but let's take it to the next
level if you want to inspire people to
do things and take action you use a
platinum rule which is treat people how
they want to be treated and so in order
to do that you actually have to start
diving deep and understanding what their
priorities are their needs on streams
aspirations personal professional long
term and short term you know when you're
doing that and following the Platinum
rule you're making it all about them the
best thing to do is try to figure out
whether someone is either
people-oriented or task-oriented because
if some of those people oriented in
their engagements it's easy to tell they
use a lot more personalization a lot
more use of pronouns a lot more personal
stories and anecdotes and so when you
want to have a great conversation with
and engage someone like this you don't
use those types of things as opposed to
someone who's more task oriented they're
looking more about the process
procedures and how to do something
rather than who to do it with and so
when you just use those basic
understandings of how people are
generally trying to interact and just
modify your communication for them one
of the humbling moments I caused in my
early career I can't remember how long I
actually had in a couple years I'd been
doing really well you know I'm a people
oriented individual but you know you
love people so much when your favorite
topics of people is me myself and what I
was doing was there was a there's an
opportunity to talk to a university
student in New York that actually was in
touch with one of our our subjects that
we were looking at and when I interacted
with this guy I was doing what I had
always done with every other human being
before that seemed to work really well I
was being very people-oriented I was
using a lot of anecdotes and stories I'm
talking about going to sporting events I
was looking forward to trying to get to
a Yankee game or a Rangers game I was
just trying to be social and trying to
develop this relationship so we could
actually move on to information
gathering but what I failed to do was
fail to understand that this guy was a
PhD candidate and working in a technical
area so in other words he is very
task-oriented he wanted to know
specifically what exactly I wanted and
how not to waste his time and all I was
doing was completely what
it's time because I was communicating
the way I wanted to be communicated with
not the way he wants to be communicated
with I tried calling him up for a second
meeting got no answer as a contents
interesting called again no answer email
no answer so I did what any lover feels
like when he's jilted you use a
different phone number so you didn't
have caller ID so I use a different
phone number and lo and behold he picks
up the phone and he deceives to tell me
that now I'm just wasting his time and
he'd rather not have any communication
with me I reflected on that one a long
time and still do because it was a great
humbling moment realizing the difference
between the golden rule in the platen
roll
Oh
