the best way to save more money is
actually pretty easy all you need to do
is start tracking your money so without
even changing your behavior if you just
start to watch it and pay attention to
where your money goes every month you'd
be amazed at how likely you are to pull
back on spending so many times it's like
you know we're going out to dinner or
we're deciding to go on a trip with
friends and we're not really thinking
about it when you start tracking that
every single day it forces you to think
about it and in my experience watching
clients in New York City once they start
tracking it they tend to start pulling
back on the amount of money they're
spending by default you end up saving
more the easiest way to put your
finances in a better situation rather
than trying to cut back on spending is
definitely to earn more money you might
be able to pick up an extra job or
create some sort of side hustle that
will bring in extra money using skill
sets you're not using during the week at
your current job if you want to make
more money where you're at today it
could be as simple as just scheduling
some time with your boss your manager
and saying listen you know here's my
long term goal here's where I'd like to
be don't have to make it about finances
but if it's about improving your own
career over time and adding more value
to the company you'll end up being able
to negotiate for more salary if you're
at a company and I definitely see this
where they're a little bit resistant to
paying you more money that could be a
time where it's important to start
shopping your skills around and looking
for a place you know often the biggest
salary bump they'll get is when you
trade jobs so you might need to start
setting out resumes
