in terms of big thing urban deals worth
today is work-life balance Nash and
Stevens and two researchers at Harvard
realize that there are common mistakes
that people make in terms of evaluating
work-life balance one that they talked
about was when people use a collapsing
metric and that's when they take their
life and evaluate it by one metric one
number
some people use happiness simply use
money and basically that's not balanced
at all when you throw everything into
one bucket you know that bucket does
well but you're missing out in other
arenas so the collapsing metric like
just make more money means your
relationships don't do well your
happiness doesn't do well that's
problematic another problematic method
that people use is what's called the
sequencing strategy whether it's a part
of my life I'm going to focus on
education then if it's my career that
I'm going to focus on my relationship
and lights just never that clear-cut
what they did realize was the people who
did get executives who are most
successful in terms of work-life balance
actually use four metrics the first one
was happiness and that was are you
enjoying what you're doing
the second was achievement that's are
you doing well getting ahead in your
career third was significant and that
was is what you're doing having positive
effects and the people you love and
forth was legacy which in some small way
is what you're doing making the world a
better place and when people deposit it
a little bit in each one of those
buckets on a weekly or monthly basis
they ended up finding a good
approximation of work-life balance
