and just Oh Gil fries me crazy I think
Yelp is neither good nor bad for the
food industry I find it useless if
you're aggregating a lack of expertise
then when I plug in best sushi bar in
Los Angeles Yelp doesn't help me at all
so if you are a huge food geek like me
that really believes in quality does not
expensive food just quality above all
other things quality if you're into
quality Yelp is not for you what I do
when I'm going to do a new city is I
look up who the four or five better food
writers are in that town and the four or
five better chefs in that town and then
I go onto their instagram and twitter or
facebook timelines and i just go back a
couple weeks and i write down all the
places that these people have been
eating or taking pictures of and i put a
little check by it and the places that
have the most checks are the ones that i
go to first if you love mario batali and
really who doesn't then if you're
following him and you know you're going
to rome just go into his timeline and
look at all the places in rome that he
says to go that's what I did what I did
I actually I actually called him and
asked him but I got nothing special that
wasn't on his Twitter timeline it's just
the end of my friend Yelp Yelp is I mean
yelps done even good for looking up the
restaurants phone number because you
don't the site they just want you to
read their reviews and look at their ads
they don't even actually want to give
you the information about the restaurant
or the menu
I mean how tough is that I mean I just
Oh
Yelp fries me crazy but it drives me
crazy I'll let you decide if it drives
you crazy
you
