and you're pretty bullish on Tesla you
think the Tesla Model 3 is a launch as
big as the iPhone right absolutely I
think Tesla's going to be the most
exciting story to watch over the next
five years and there's this is a
polarizing story and there are people
who are in the consider the cult camp
and the non-believers and I'm in a
believing camp here but we think it's
going to take a little bit longer than
most people think probably a couple
years longer to really hit that
inflection point but we think what
Tesla's going to do is going to be even
bigger than what most people think and
just to put it in a context as Tesla is
really being a pioneer around electric
vehicles but every car that's made today
will be fully autonomous in two years
and so whether or not legislators are
going to allow that is another question
but when you put that combination
together is evey autonomous and more
affordable than people think
then you get to this paradigm shift that
can be as dramatic as the iPhone was
when it changed home to a computer in
your pocket and you added some research
about how affordable electric vehicle of
a Tesla is compared to cars that most
people on exactly we went and looked at
the Toyota Camry just basically your
standard-issue car here in the US and we
found that model 3 the average price is
going to be about 42 percent higher than
the Toyota Camry but when you look at
the total cost ownership over a five
year period which factors in savings
around insurance fuel and repairs that
gap narrows to 14 percent but these cars
are infinitely different cars - and I
would just point out that once I don't
own a Tesla I've driven into Tesla but
once you have a Tesla it's hard to go
back and for 14% mark 14 percent more
yep do you have a favorite text back if
you're going to say what's one story to
own it would be Tesla and I just want to
warn people that this is going to be a
really wild ride here and the stock has
big trades based on production comments
that they have and timing of different
products but I think if you step back
and think about what's going to happen
in transportation this is going to be an
incredible change in the next 10 years
and as we think about the next 10 years
I don't want you to think about the last
10 years what's happening over the last
10 years but this Excel
raining returns on tech it means that in
the next 10 years we might see 20 or 30
years of innovation and so when we think
about Tesla and what they want to do
around transportation we like to think
about a traditional car as a horse and
buggy and some people love to drive
their cars and they'll have a chance to
go to a track probably and do that but
eventually we're going to all have
autonomous cars probably earlier than
you think
