it's an unbelievably complex subject
nobody knew that healthcare could be so
complicated my name is sherry Glade and
from 2010 to 2012 I was the assistant
secretary for planning and evaluation at
the Department of Health and Human
Services in the Obama administration
there's two things about the health care
system that people don't appreciate
enough one of them is how extremely
concentrated health care costs are if I
take any random group of 100 people 100
people you work with 100 people you go
to school with one of those people in
any given year is going to account for
25% of the cost of the whole group half
of those people are going to count for 3
percent of the cost of rollable if
you're an insurance company and you can
insure the half that's only going to
cost 3 percent you're doing a lot better
than the insurance company that just
happens to be unlucky enough to get that
one person who turns out to be sick that
makes health care really hard to deal
with because it's like playing hot
potato who's going to be stuck with the
person who's really sick at the end of
the day and there's a lot of waste in
the system that consists of just moving
that person around so that's one thing I
wish people understood the second thing
I wish people understood is that the
reason health care costs get higher and
higher every year and this is different
from why US health care costs are higher
than other countries this is a problem
that's true everywhere in the world is
that we are able to do so much more for
people than we were able to in the past
people are living longer lives they're
on the whole living healthier lives we
see older people playing tennis we see
all kinds of you know extraordinary
innovations in health care people with
hepatitis C who had a death sentence
just 5 or 8 years ago and now can just
finish their drugs and feet and walk
away with it people survive in cancer
that all costs an awful lot of money and
it's money we didn't have to spend 50
years ago because we didn't know how to
do any of those things and those people
just died or suffered so we get a lot
for our dollar and that's part part of
what makes this so hard to we're not
we're taking away something that's
really valuable in a point
and
