mr. vice president thank you so much for
taking time out to talk with you we
appreciate it
so I read a little bit that you weren't
fully sold on doing a sequel to and it
can be in truth no is bloodwood votes
what what was what was the reasons
behind that well I just had a lot of
mixed feelings about it
until I met Bonnie Cohen and John Cinque
the directors and just blown away by
their talent and they had a really clear
vision for how they felt the movie
should be made and that persuaded me I
mean did you feel that you had given the
message you wanted to given the first
one and then it was a question of what
more can I say or or and then you need
to look convincing for to know what you
need to say more well it took me a bit
to realize how big the changes have been
in the last decade number one the
climate-related extreme weather events
are way more frequent now and way more
destructive we've had 11 once in a
thousand year events in the US just in
the last seven years secondly we've got
the solutions now and they were in the
first movie a decade ago but they were
on the horizon and you had to take the
the technology business point of view to
say oh yeah that will eventually get
here now they're here yeah and in so
many places electricity from solar and
wind is cheaper than electricity from
fossil fuels and now the batteries are
coming down and cost very quickly so for
exciting news that needed to be told but
still also like you said very scary
events that happen I mean we've just the
the iceberg and Antarctica the piece of
it bed that collapsed it was the size of
like Delaware or something I mean when
you hear news like that what what would
what do you think when you hear like
that I mean is that is that a major
major issue when it comes to climate
change well it's a major signal that the
warming of Antarctica is is moving even
faster than was predicted and it's real
like it's hard to dispute that it's hard
to dispute it absolutely
it's one of the largest icebergs ever
recorded now it was already floating in
the sea so by itself it will not raise
sea level but it's part of a larger
pattern in Antarctica that's very
tightly connected to how much the Seas
will rise in the decades ahead and we're
talking about sea level I mean one thing
you show in the sequel is that one of
the scenarios that you showed in the
first movie the the flooding of lower
Manhattan the the the the the damage to
the 9/11 Memorial could be could happen
and actually do happen with Hurricane
sandy it happened many years before the
scientists predicted that it would and
then to kind of do a little modern-day
look then you go to Miami and you see
parts of Miami you show that it's you
know there are areas that are flooded
people are just driving through walking
through this shinned and you know
knee-high water but on so on a sunny day
yeah just because the sea level is
through thing right so much that when a
high tide comes in it floods the streets
I saw fish from the ocean swimming in in
the streets since then somebody sent me
a picture of an octopus in a parking
garage there that's something you don't
see every day but there are a lot of
low-lying coastal cities that are now
seriously threatened by sea level rise
which comes from the melting ice yeah
and you know scientists are saying the
same thing you know a little story we
ran not too long ago by David Wallace
wells for New York Magazine I want to
give you a quote he said here most
people talk if Miami and Bangladesh
still have a chance of surviving most of
the scientists I spoke with assume we'll
lose them within the century even if we
stop burning fossil fuel in the next
decade so when you hear a quote like
that and you see that you know President
Trump has a cabinet that has many people
that feel climate change is not a major
issue how does that make you feel well
the the truth about the climate crisis
is still inconvenient for the large
carbon polluters and the politicians who
are in their pockets but are you
disappointed that in some ways America
is not a leader in climate change on the
world stage of course but I would
distinguish between Donald Trump and the
United States of America
even though he's president he does not
speak for the country on this issue and
that was vividly illustrated in the
aftermath of his speech pulling the u.s.
out of the Paris agreement
almost immediately not only did the rest
of the world double down on its
commitments but also here in this
country governor's mayor's business
leaders they said we're still in a Paris
agreement and they're they're doubling
down a lot of cities have now made a
decision to go 100 percent renewable
energy and the latest two studies
indicate the u.s. is almost certainly
going to meet its commitments under the
Paris agreement regardless of what
Donald Trump says and recently Trump has
said that he might reconsider going back
into the agreements did you feel that
that that's a good thing does it even
matter I'm not going to hold my breath I
had conversations with him after the
election and during the first part of
his presidency trying to convince him to
stay in the Paris agreement and I
thought there was an excellent chance
that he would come to his senses and
stay in but but I was wrong about that
and I would take his statements to the
French president that he might come back
into the Paris agreement with a grain of
salt but I hope I'm wrong again I hope
that actually he does reconsider but I
don't put much stock in it so you you
you ramble off many stats of climate
change you know many of them is there
one stat that scares you the most when
it comes to climate change well there
are a couple to go together and this is
a little geeky so you asked it you asked
for it geek out the cumulative amount of
manmade global warming pollution that's
in the atmosphere now traps has much
extra heat energy every day as would be
released by 400,000 Hiroshima class
atomic bombs exploding every day and
it's a big planet but that's an awful
lot of energy
now the second statistic is we're still
putting 110
million tons of that stuff into the air
every single day as if the sky is an
open sewer and all of the increased
temperatures that people talk about
that's air temperature right more than
90 percent of the extra heat energy is
going into the oceans and that's why
superstorm sandy was so much more
destructive that's why the ice is
melting more rapidly that's why the
water cycle is being disrupted and we
get a lot more water vapor coming from
the oceans into the sky and that's why
we get these enormous downpours and big
floods another one just yesterday they
happen all the time every night on the
TV news is like a nature hike through
the book of Revelation you know I'm one
thing that stood out for me was an
inconvenience equal is you touch on for
one moment about personal failures and
in in the evolution of you trying to
bring climate rain change all of our
attention though off the Paris agreement
it seems everybody has kind of rebounded
to get back on what what was it
initially for you that when you heard
the news that Trump pulled out of the
agreement I mean for you was that up to
that level of a personal failure that he
did not well I worried a lot that other
countries would follow his lead
but I was so gratified when the rest of
the world said no we're not going to pay
any attention to that we're still in and
we're going to double down and I was
even more gratified when all of the
domestic political and business leaders
stepped up to the plate and said well
we're going to fill the gap in a strange
way with all the news with the Paris
agreement that it did it give a
heightened sense of just the climate
change issue I mean there's more press
talking about it now than you know
Weather Channel changed their whole
homepage you know to show the effects of
of climate change I mean you know this
movie was coming out regardless so we
were going to have this conversation but
I mean it seems like you know a lot more
people are talking about now because of
the actions he did yeah I think it I I
think it's because I think it's partly a
reaction to Donald Trump you know in
physics there's the old law for every
action there's an equal and opposite
reaction sometimes that's true in
politics if somebody's out there
our making nonsensical statements but
wielding power behind them a lot of
people say why I need to react to that I
think that's happening I also think
another reason for the increased
prominence of the issue is the Paris
agreement itself it's not a small thing
when just about every nation in the
entire world comes together and makes an
hist√≥rico greement like this it's a big
deal and it the old cliche the train is
leaving the station kind of applies
people who may not regularly pay that
much attention to it say oh the whole
world's moving in this direction
I guess there's really a lot to this we
better go along and I mean you must have
a lot of personal you know very very
very proud of it because as the movie
shows I mean you were in the back
backstage wheeling and dealing making
calls trying to get Indy on board yeah
well I was doing my best and so were
lots of other people it was a group
effort and a lot of people was succeeded
in getting an agreement that many
thought was impossible a very powerful
moment you touched on it is you taking
that elevator ride up Trump Tower to
meet the president-elect which I believe
was organized by his daughter Ivanka
Trump have you spoken to Ivanka since
that meeting oh yes many times but not
since the speech in which President
Trump pulled out of Paris and have you
talked to President Trump at all since
that not since not since his decision on
Paris no I you know one thing you
touched on when you left Trump Tower was
that it was a conversation that would be
continued yeah you know do you feel do
you need to continue that conversation I
did contain I did continue it and that
was not the only conversation that I had
with him but after he made his decision
on paris i i have not reached out to him
again he has not reached out to me do
you feel it's an important so do you do
you need to talk to him anymore well I
would never close the door to responding
but I don't expect that and have no real
desire to talk to him anymore
I think he made such an obviously
reckless and then
sensible decision I think now are my
time the time of others is better spent
helping to move the country forward in
spite of him what what is your feeling
of Trump as a present I mean dude what
would you give me a grade you know how
is how's he doing well I never liked the
the question about letter grades but I
think that he's failing I think that
every day there's another set of tweets
another set of controversies and it
doesn't nothing seems to be getting done
that's any good and there seems to be a
kind of a policy paralysis in Washington
even the appointments that he's supposed
to make as a new president he's way
behind all of his modern-day
predecessors as I understand the
statistics so I I focused most of all on
climate yes and so my opinion of his
time as president is certainly
influenced by my opinion of the job he's
done on climate he's tried to move the
country in the wrong direction
yeah believe it or not we're going to
ask some other questions other than
Trump believe it or not okay what get
give me your thoughts on do you ever
think about your own legacy I mean are
you at a point in your life where you
think about that at all no not really
maybe thank you you know you've done
many things many very important things I
mean does does that ever pop in your
head at all or things you want to be
remembered for I don't really think
about that it's not about me I have a
sense of mission on this climate crisis
and I'm pouring all the energy I have
into it and I hope that I along with
others can catalyze the emergence of
real solutions to the climate crisis I
think we're making a lot of progress I
think we're going to win this but it
matters how quickly we win it you know
I'm focused on that give me kind of the
next decade for you goal wise with
climate change what what needs to be a
pushing your eyes well every five years
under the Paris agreement all the
countries that signed up to it have an
obligation to renew their plans and
ratchet up their commitments which is
going to be easy to do because again the
cost reductions for renewable energy
continue downward in a very dramatic way
we're in the early stages of a
sustainability revolution in the Google
in the globe that has the scale of the
Industrial Revolution but the speed of
the digital revolution and you see it
with renewable energy you see them
things like LED lighting which take just
a fraction of the energy for the
existing bulbs and within a few years
all new lights are going to be LEDs
they're electric vehicles and I could go
right down the list through sustainable
agriculture and forestry there are a lot
of changes underway now I'm excited by
the prospect and I look forward to
working in the months and years to come
to accelerate this transition
well mr. vice president we really
appreciate the time thank you so much
pleasure
