he's a hack party how to make Elizabeth
Warren his vice-presidential nominee
with comments like that is a hack fire
make Elizabeth Warren his vice
presidential nominee with comments like
he's anti-american it's very very
divisive McDonald's of Perry's going to
be president of you can tell Donald I
said this the Queens County bully's
association you got to cut it out now
and stop all this crazy rhetoric
offending everybody I don't like that he
talks about women I don't like the way
he talks about our friend megyn kelly
and you know what the politicians don't
want to go ad Trump because he's got a
big mouth and he's afraid he's going to
get light them up on Fox News and all
these other places but I'm not a
politician you're bringing the White
House residue from Queens County bring
it down use your chlorine female Island
community is right out of Elizabeth
Warren's playbook are you a democratic
plant for Hillary Clinton I think that's
what we want to know stand here and
prove otherwise
but does he know what you said about it
back in 2015 when you said he was a
half-holiday sure enough he brings it up
every 15 seconds okay one of the biggest
mistakes that I made because I was an
unexperienced person in the world of
politics I was supporting another
candidate I should have never said that
about him so it's the president you're
listening I personally apologize for the
50th time for saying that but here's the
wonderful thing about the news media
that was three minutes of my life he's
never forgotten it and you've never
forgotten it and but you know I hope
that someday mr. president you will
forget it
