have you talked to President Trump at
all since that not not since his
decision on Paris no I you know one
thing you touched on when you left Trump
Tower was that it was a conversation
that would be continued yeah you know do
you feel that you need to continue that
conversation I did continue I did
continue it and that was not the only
conversation that I had with him but
after he made his decision on paris i i
have not reached out to him again he has
not reached out to me yeah do you feel
it's an important so do you need to talk
to him anymore well i would never close
the door to responding but I don't
expect that and have no real desire to
talk to him anymore
I think he made such an obviously
reckless and indefensible decision I
think now are my time the time of others
is better spent helping to move the
country forward in spite of him what is
your feeling of Trump as a president I
mean dude would you give me a grade you
know how is how's he doing
well I never liked the the question
about letter grades but I think that
he's failing I think that every day
there's another set of tweets another
set of controversies and it doesn't
nothing seems to be getting done that's
any good and there seems to be a kind of
a policy paralysis in Washington even
the appointments that he's supposed to
make as a new president he's way behind
all of his modern-day predecessors as I
understand the statistics so I I focused
most of all on climate yes and so my
opinion of his time as president is
certainly influenced by my opinion of
the job he's done on climate he's tried
to move the country in the wrong
direction
