so just so we're clear everyone forwards
conclusion collusion no illusion
delusion yes I just thought we'd have
some fun with words do you realize that
we basically will come out of this 20
meeting brief meaningless meeting same
amount of information that comes out of
some of these panels where six people
are not in their head at each other and
discussing the same thing which is to
say zero usable information so I just
want to review in case you run out of
time and this is how you see it so far
this is to help all the people at home
what's the conclusion
collusion no we don't have that yet I
see illusion and delusion so just over
clear everyone forwards conclusion
collusion no illusion delusion yes I
just thought we'd have some fun with
words Sesame's Grover word of the day
perhaps Shaun
