it's an academic exercise it's a
bloodless exercise and it actually I
think takes away some of the imagination
and the instinct that you need to
succeed hi I'm Michael Calvin author of
no hunger in paradise all you ever
wanted to know about making is a pro but
were afraid to ask the elite player
performance plan was introduced five
years ago by the Premier League the aim
is to put some structure into youth
development it since swallowed up four
hundred million pounds it's going to
sort off another four hundred million
pounds by 2020 it is a huge amount of
money we're talking about nearly a
billion pounds being invested in that
area in my view they've won so far
it's very bureaucratic a lot of coaches
complain they spend more time in front
of their computer inputting data than
they actually do getting drafts on their
boots and working with the boys under
their charge from my point of view it's
an academic exercise it's a bloodless
exercise and it actually I think takes
away some of the imagination and the
instinct that you need to succeed if you
look across sport the best systems are
balanced think need be free to give it
its trade name is actually to balance in
favor of academia and the whole idea of
everything must be measured you can't
measure heart you can't measure
mentality you can't measure attitude
