this sounds so obvious and small but
typos
recruiters will look at your resume for
about 30 seconds tops so it has to be
really well-organized and all the things
that you want to pop to the top should
be designed in a way where they do
resonate when a recruiter spot your
resume and they are targeting in they
are going to look at those typos and a
lot of jobs require detail and they will
instantly just toss your resume aside if
there's major typos cover letters are
controversial you know some recruiters
say they really love them and some say
they're not necessary I would say
they're definitely necessary if you're
thinking about making a career
transition and if that's the case make
sure that it's a compelling story so for
example we FME has just considered
someone who was moving from a legal
profession to a sales profession and she
actually didn't have any sales
experience but she wrote this amazing
story about how all of the things that
she's been challenged with in the legal
profession will make her a great seller
and we interviewed her just because her
cover letter was so compelling if you're
going to write one make sure it's good I
would always err on the side of doing
more a cover letter is never going to
hurt you if anything the recruiter if
they're not interested in it they just
won't look at it but if you're if you're
going to write one also make sure that
you maybe had someone else look at it
and maybe ask them do you want to keep
reading this is it is it compelling
enough or is it just a few sentences on
a piece of paper because if it isn't
Susan this is on a piece of paper and
you really could just get those that
same information by looking at the
resume probably worth not not including
the cover letter
