and in December you also denied any
contacts between the campaign and
Russians want to show her audience
absolutely not and I discussed that with
the president-elect just last night
those conversations never happen I hear
people saying it like it's a fact on
television that is just not only
inaccurate and false but it's dangerous
supposedly it does undermine our
democracy it did turn out to be effect
so who misled you and why did Dodd
junior Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort
allow those public denials to stand for
so many months so as I understand it
George
some of the disclosure forms have been
amended since that time and to reflect
other meetings including this one I
think that Tom yamas your colleague put
it best he said that these were vague
and ambiguous statements that John Jr
was not aware of the lawyers name before
he got there and that the conversation
quickly changed to what seemed to be the
entire purpose of the meeting for that
woman which was Russian adoption no
information was received that was
meaningful or helpful and no action was
taken away or all of whatsoever
