health care systems are very much a
creature of their context and every
healthcare system in the world is
strange and messed up in its own way
ours are just even more strange and
messed up than most of them my name is
Gerry Khalid and from 2010 to 2012 I was
the assistant secretary for planning and
evaluation at the Department of Health
and Human Services in the Obama
administration some of the things that
are strange and messed up about our
system that are uniquely so have to do
with the prices in our system one of the
things that neither the Affordable Care
Act nor either the Senate or House bill
to deal with is the fact that health
care prices the price for an MRI the
price paid to an orthopedic surgeon for
replay replacing your knee the price for
a hospital stay
all of those prices are much much higher
in the United States the price for a
prescription drug then the corresponding
prices in other countries if we really
wanted to bring down the cost of health
care in this country probably we would
have to start thinking about what to do
about those prices now leaving that
piece of it aside is there a best health
care system in the world I would say no
what I would say is that in every
healthcare system needs to be repaired
all the time I like to tell people the
first universal health insurance system
or nearly universal health insurance
system that ever existed in the world
was started by Otto von Bismarck in
Germany in 1883 and Angela Merkel who's
the Chancellor of Germany now she's
still fixing that system so it's not
like it's something that you do and then
you're done I hate to say this to the
Congress right now because I know
they're struggling with it but this is
something where you have to keep
modifying it keep changing it because
health care is so extraordinarily
innovative and we're learning so much on
the medical side every year we have to
have a health care policy system that's
equally flexible and actually can
accommodate those changes we haven't
done a very good job of that
