Manchester City for instance they
realized that the modern child is
missing some of the the old-school
virtues they also want to try and have a
social conscience it's still that
conscience into the boys hi I'm Michael
Calvin author of no hunger in paradise
all you ever wanted to know about making
is a pro but we're afraid to ask
academies of their very essence are a
good idea the problem is is that the
ills the senior football agree
opportunism the stockpiling and talent
unnecessarily for commercial gain a
seeping down into junior football and
that's what's happening in the academies
of the major clubs where boys are going
in they're sucked into the system
they're taken over by the dream but
realistically all they will do is sit
there and wait for a chance that will
never come the more enlightened
academies if you look at manchester city
for instance they realized that the
modern child is missing some of the the
old school virtues the flexibility
agility a sense of space that you would
get from say climbing a tree in the
previous generation so they actually
organized that they also want to try and
have a social conscience and build that
consciousness into the boys so they'll
go and serve a local soup kitchen that's
very very good very grounding the boys
who all their lives
I just told how wonderful they are it's
good for them to realize that there's a
big bad world out there and they might
actually encounter it sooner than they
believe
you
