losing weight it's hard but keeping it
off is harder
here are four myths that may make you
gain weight in the long run
miss ones lose weight best shows like
The Biggest Loser see people dropping 2
to 3 pounds per day but this is not
sustainable 13 of 14 Biggest Loser
winners gained all their weight back
experts suggest aiming to lose 2 to 3
pounds per week not per day
myth 2 you must go on a diet radically
and rapidly changing what you eat is a
bad idea
as one Biggest Loser contestant put it
it was real easy to slip back into old
habits the best eating plan is the one
you can stick with according to
registered dietician and IVA Lottie
you've got to give yourself two three
four years of consistent behavioral
changes that is hard work you're
building new habits and that takes time
myth 3 eat when you're hungry people who
lose a lot of weight feel hungry more
often because they lack hormones that
make them feel full thirst can also
often be confused with hunger experts
suggest that when you first feel hungry
drink water
this could prevent eating excess
calories myth 4 exercise is key sorry
you can't exercise away extra calories
what you eat is more important than how
much you exercise switching to healthier
foods is more likely to keep the weight
off overall the best approach is a combo
of healthy eating and exercise adopt a
healthy lifestyle and your body will do
the rest
you
