most people don't realize that they
should like follow up as soon as
possible one very big mistake that I've
seen a lot of young people make actually
I was with a Google HR person recently
and she was telling me that this is one
of the more common ones that college
students make most people don't realize
that they should like follow up as soon
as possible so I have this acronym I
like to tell people especially college
students Rieff reas it's research have
enthusiasm ask questions and follow up
very commonly an interviewer is going to
write a scorecard they're going to write
their feedback about the interview
pretty soon after the interviews done
and so you should follow up as soon
after like that day if possible as soon
as you can and I would say don't just
don't wait till the next day because
you're nervous about seeming too
desperate you should be following up and
saying dear blank thank you so much for
taking the time to talk to me here are a
few things I learned or you know it was
really interesting talking to you about
X here's a book I suggest based on that
whatever it might be but I can't say
enough follow up as soon after the
interview as you can not asking
questions that's another really big one
so commonly college students will do
either a lot of research or maybe they
do no research or maybe they're just
nervous and they don't think that they
need to ask questions but some companies
will even reject you if you just don't
ask questions which I know sounds insane
and brutal but it's actually true I have
many friends whose companies just will
flat out reject you I'm so why you
should ask questions first of all it
just shows that you actually are
interested and that you want to learn
but it's also going to be good for you
because you're going to learn more about
whatever you want to learn about so I'm
saying ask questions at the end but not
questions that are similar to so when do
I start or what's the salary I'm talking
about questions like what makes a rock
star rock star at your company I like
when people ask me things like how do
you spend your day-to-day
there's tons of questions that you can
really extract a lot of great
information about so I can't encourage
it enough ask questions because not
enough college students do
