I notice that whatever encouraged were
in the book said the way down there was
written weekly - - - because in 1900 Dan
was an unprincipled word my name is
Richard Stevens I'm a psychologist
makes the kill University in
Staffordshire on a roast book called
black sheep the hidden benefits of green
grass have been like a teenager and
finding a copy of the book Vanity Fair
by Sacre in a in a kind of the drawer in
the house and no system whenever a
counter in the books and the way down
that was written as d - - - because in
1900 Dan was one principal word and what
that really shows is that language
evolves and what is hugely offensive
term can become less so I guess at that
time with it just religion and blasphemy
and things like that where the things
that upset people and they were there to
boo and concepts those samples were
printable were demeaning even in the 50s
when gone with the wind came up down
created a huge lust when and when Clark
Gable said back kind of immortal line
frankly my dear I don't give a damn that
caused a huge uproar and I was in the
nineteen fifties so language changes I
think we're sort of in its kind of cozy
place at the moment where people can
swear and in here just upset too many
people but for sure new tulu ideas and
concepts will come into the language and
become the powerful words of the future
language evolves or bug
