in terms of romantic relationships the
worst piece of advice is that you are
supposed to meet one another's needs
that is the most horrific piece of
advice I can imagine because what that
means is that you are a needy person and
you need the other person to express
their neediness to you and our
relationship is going to be built on
each other's willingness and ability to
meet the neediness of the other that is
not a recipe for a good relationship
because to needy people think about when
the last time you actually respected an
emotionally needy person much less found
them attractive the reality is I only
need breath and water and food and
shelter and that's all in clothing I
don't need my wife which frees me up to
what I could do life without her I don't
want to do life without her I want to do
life with her I want her to want me I
can't force that but I'm not going to
tell her you know what I deserve this
because I'm so needy that does not
attract that repels you know what
attracts is I don't need you and I could
live without you but that's the last
thing I'd want to do I want you I want
you in my life with me what enables a
relationship to go through seasons where
you're not at equal functioning where
you're not able to equally meet each
other's needs like when my wife got
cancer the first time or the second time
or when I've had six surgeries and she
said to nurse me through and these long
seasons right who's able to meet each
other's needs
equally during that you can't and that's
not what you signed up for I signed up
to say I do regardless of what state
she's in I said I do and that means I'm
going to want her not need her and she's
got signed on and do the same
