consumer e is both an art and a science
so the quiz will help you determine what
fragrance family you like many people
say they love fragrance but they really
don't know what type of fragrance they
like what kind of message would you like
to impart when you wear phrasing would
you like something fresh and clean or
smoky and sophisticated or happy I'd
like to try to really
Raylan's ingredients are found in nature
and now in the lab there are plants such
as beautiful petal you know where mass
comes from so when the deer or the civet
cat gets a little frisky shall we say
they make certain secretion how or why
this person the son of secretions are
not going to go there but they did today
we don't use anything from animal in
modern day perfumery not too many men
American men like floral but what's
interesting is a lot of European men
really happen to love flower so that has
a toughness we have the middle notes now
we study on the deeper the more for the
long-lasting which is a core of RPGs yes
but we call them the dry down with it so
go back to your list and see which ones
you like and what does it remind you of
does it remind you of anything this is
remind you of a childhood memory or
somebody you want to be
it's really a question of
self-expression
so why wear what everybody else wears
when you can really create your own oh
that is very nice
