as you all know shortly after 7:00 a.m.
this morning a gunman opened fire when
members of Congress and their staffs as
they were practicing for tomorrow's
annual charity baseball game authorities
are continuing to investigate the crime
and the assailant has now died from his
injuries
the FBI is leading the investigation and
will continue to provide updates as new
information becomes available
Congressman Steve Scalise a member of
House leadership was shot and badly
wounded and is now in stable condition
at the hospital along with two very
courageous Capitol Police officers at
least two others were also wounded many
lives would have been lost if not for
the heroic actions of the two Capitol
police officers who took down the gunman
despite sustaining gunshot wounds during
a very very brutal assault Melania and I
are grateful for the heroism and praying
for the swift recovery of all victims
congressman Scalise is a friend and a
very good friend he's a patriot and he's
a fighter he will recover from this
assault and Steve I want you to know
that you have the prayers not only of
the entire city behind you but of an
entire nation and frankly the entire
world America is praying for you and
America is praying for all of the
victims of this terrible shooting
I spoke with Steve's wife Jennifer and I
pledged to her our full
absolute support anything she needs
we're with her and with the entire
Scalise family I have also spoken with
chief Matthew rigourous he's doing a
fantastic job of the Capitol Police to
express our sympathies for his wounded
officers and to express my admiration
for their courage our brave Capitol
Police perform a challenging job with
incredible skill and their sacrifice
makes democracy possible we also commend
the brave first responders from
Alexandria Police Fire and Rescue who
rushed to the scene everyone on that
field is a public servant our courageous
police our congressional aides
who work so tirelessly behind the scenes
with enormous devotion and our dedicated
members of Congress who represent our
people we may have our differences
but we do well in times like these to
remember that everyone who serves in our
nation's capitol is here because above
all they love our country we can all
agree that we are blessed to be
Americans that our children deserve to
grow up in a nation of safety and peace
and that we are strongest when we are
unified and when we work together for
the common good please take a moment
today to cherish those you love and
always remember those who serve and keep
us safe god bless them all god bless you
and God bless america thank you
