let me go back if I can very briefly to
the decision to publicly go out with
your results on the email was your
decision influenced by the Attorney
General's tarmac meeting with the former
President Bill Clinton yes in in a
ultimately conclusive way that was the
thing that kept it for me that I had to
do something separately to protect the
credibility of the investigation which
meant both the FBI and the Justice
Department were there other things that
contributed to that that you can
describe in an open session there were
other things that contributed to that
one significant item I can't I know the
committee's been briefed on there's been
some public accounts of it which are
nonsense but I understand the committee
has been briefed on the classified facts
probably the only other consideration I
guess I can talk about open setting is
that at one point the Attorney General
had directed me not to call it an
investigation but instead to call it a
matter which confused me and concerned
me but that was one of the bricks in the
load that led me to conclude I have to
step away from the department if we're
to close this case credibly
