the words that you expect to be looked
up these really long hard words are
actually rarely looked up because
they're not used very often my name is
Cory Stamper and I'm a lexicographer for
merriam-webster that means that I am a
writer and editor of dictionaries some
of the most consistently looked up words
are oddly enough words that you would
not think would need to be looked up so
they tend to be words that are in the
middle of the road linguistically
they're not super super hard and they're
not super super easy some words like
disposition or ubiquitous or esoteric
those are words that always are really
high in the lookup confused spelling or
usage pairs also are pretty high so
affect and affect the two different
spellings of camaraderie
those are always pretty high but
generally speaking the words that you
expect to be looked up these really long
hard words are actually rarely looked up
because they're not used very often but
words like this position and ubiquitous
and esoteric it used enough but vaguely
enough that no one is really sure what
they mean
