the most important thing never to do
when firing someone is to go in with the
mentality that you're firing them
because they suck right the mentality to
go into that conversation with and it's
one of the worst conversations you'll
ever have in your life it's really hard
I don't know anyone who doesn't wake up
with the upset stomach on a day you have
to fire somebody so I think the most
important thing you can do is to go in
with the mentality that this is a great
person this is a great job this is a
terrible job for that person right this
is a job that sucked for that person and
one one thing that I have found really
helpful to go into the conversation with
a sense of compassion is to think about
a job that I sucked at to think about a
job that I hated and what a release it
was not to be doing that job anymore and
the second thing that I try to think
about before firing somebody if I try to
imagine a job where this person would
really flourish and in fact if I can
I'll even make a an introduction to that
person to help them find a job that is
where they can really be great I think
those those two sort of mental exercises
before firing somebody are are
incredibly helpful when you're firing
somebody this is not the moment to be
giving tons and tons and tons of
feedback does that make the
conversations backward-looking you want
to get the person and yourself moving
forward to a better place
