today the president of the United States
Donald Trump announced his decision to
withdraw the United States from the
Paris agreement I do respect this
decision but I do think it is an actual
mistake both for the US and for our
planet I just said President Trump in a
few words a few minutes ago
this assessment tonight I wish to tell
the United States France believes in you
the world believes in you I know that
you are a great nation I know your
history our common history to all
scientists and Chinese entrepreneurs
responsible citizens who were
disappointed by the decision of the
President of the United States I want to
say that they will find in France the
circum homeland I call them come and
work here with us to work together on
concrete solutions for our climate our
environment I can assure you France will
not give up the fight I reaffirm clearly
that the Paris agreement remains
irreversible and will be implemented not
just my friends but by all the other
nations over the coming hours I will
have the opportunity to speak with our
main partners to define a common
strategy and to launch new initiatives I
already know that I can count on them I
call new to remain confident
we will succeed because we are fully
committed because whereas I believe
whoever we are we all share the same
responsibility make our planet great
again
thank you
