augmented and virtual reality are still
in the very early stages of development
but they're already rapidly changing
some industries here's how nasa has a
massive virtual reality lab it uses to
train astronauts the lab teaches
astronauts how to walk in space which
used to be almost impossible to teach as
astronauts didn't really know what to
expect if they hadn't done it before
NASA is also using microsoft hololens to
travel to Mars they hope to be able to
use the technology to control future
Rovers and virtually explore the land
around the Rovers Cirque du Soliel has
also been using microsoft's hololens the
canadian bates circus empire recently
showed up how it has used the technology
to design its sets and stages the
technology even lets them see how the
show will look by using holographic
performers architecture firms like
Trimble are using the technology to
create Holograms of their projects which
allows them to quickly assess changes in
improvements to various projects there's
also alt aura the commercial real estate
virtual reality app it allows potential
buyers and renters to transport
themselves into the space they are
considering enabling them to see how it
might look once occupied there's also
the Lowe's holo room available at select
stores it allows customers to see how
products may come together in a room
allowing them to see how a kitchen
bedroom or any other project might look
before a single dollar expect while
development of these technologies is
still in its infancy it's encouraging to
see so many companies and organizations
already adapting various forms of
enhanced reality
