there's something like 17 academic
definitions of happiness arguing about
definitions and whether it's calm or
peace or contentment or satisfaction or
he done it well-being or you know
fulfillment or joy or bliss everybody
just constantly gets into this word
swapping battle that I feel like does
not really help anyone to become happier
and so I really decided that happy is a
word that's big enough to fit a lot of
definitions it's wide enough to
incorporate a lot and to just leave it
kind of loose like that was actually
better now of course scientists have to
have very specific definitions because
they're really measuring and trying to
understand what's happening but for the
layperson I think it's more helpful to
think about being happier because even
people who argued me that they don't
think happiness is even possible or
doesn't even really exist which I run
into people like that a lot I question
but do you think you could be happier
they're like yeah I can be happier
everybody knows what that means
and what's really important is not to
achieve happiness which is some kind of
you know utopia some goal could you ever
get there could you stay there what
would that look like really the question
is can you be happier tomorrow next week
next month next year what are the things
that you could do in your life that
would make you happier and that tends to
be much clearer in people's minds that
they can see when you start getting into
like are you happy or what is happiness
it starts to get very very vague and
confusing and I myself you know they do
these things where you're supposed to
score yourself on a one to five scale
and how have you or I never know I'm
like I have no idea how happy I am like
the question itself drives me crazy and
lowers my happiness so I just avoid the
definition altogether
you
