I think that this trip was quite well
planned by the Trump administration you
know that presidents usually go to
Canada or Mexico first they're on a long
trip they're the most aligned and
closest allies there's nowhere else they
can go for help particularly right Trump
didn't do that and that was right
because the Canadians and the Mexicans
have serious problems with Trump on
immigration on climate change on trade
you name it and furthermore there would
have been big demonstrations against
Trump if he'd done either of those trips
as president where he went to Saudi
Arabia first the Saudis really disliked
Obama they were delighted that Trump
came in on his Iran views on his human
rights lack of use on his focus on
security then he goes to Israel he feels
very comfortable with not Yahoo
personally the family gets along with
them he's treated quite well those the
Vatican after that doesn't have a good
relation with the Pope of the Pope's not
going to embarrass them and then he goes
to NATO in the g7 that's actually the
hardest part of the trip I mean aside
from getting on a plane afterwards and
going back to the United States and and
and you know I think the fact that Trump
chose not to take any questions from the
American media while he was traveling
American media doesn't like that really
smart for Trump that was never going to
go well for him right all I'm going to
do is focus back on what's happening in
the United States he does want to deal
with right now let let this be much more
staged a little more contrived he you
know gave a speech in Saudi Arabia that
was written for him he didn't stray from
it it's actually pretty powerful speech
so and he backed off of the Islam is the
problem right radical Islamic terror
didn't actually say those words look
like Obama actually kind of kind of
aligned in that way was much tougher on
Iran of course much to the happiness of
the Saudis and all of the other Arabs
from the region that were there in that
summit he same same with the Israelis
very happy about that
touched an orb who wasn't want to touch
an orb on a trip that's a good thing to
do a Melania of course not treating him
so well actually slapped his hand away a
couple times
publicly and I need to tell you this is
not gonna be a popular thing for me to
say I think Melania needs to get with
the program you know I mean she is
married to this guy 25 years old or
billionaire treats women like dirt she
knew exactly what she was getting into
she could she doesn't have to do this
but if she is going to be public and
there with the President of the United
States so she is the first lady that is
an institutional position she has chosen
to be in it
she better act that way the president is
damaged enough he shoots himself in the
foot for all of these things doesn't
need any help from Melania I give her
zero points for classless and then
speaking of challenges and relationships
that Trump said of course on the
European side it's not easy you could
see that Makran has been studying the
tapes of how Donald Trump does a
handshake I'm a Cron's like I'm 39 I can
beat this guy and it doesn't look good
for either them right I mean background
looks like a bit of a child does but I'm
leaving that aside but in the direct
bilateral with trompet of course Trump
also looks really bad it's like two
alpha dogs that are kind of trying to
you know sort of out class each other
these are allies in fact his relations
with President Erdogan and Turkey and
President dieter K in the Philippines
and President Putin in Russia are
actually much more comfortable for him
than his relations with the Germans or
the French and and that is it that's
probably the single most discomforting
part of this trip and of Trump foreign
policy more broadly
