this is the biggest mistake people make
they overthink overthink overthink and
they never get started right clarity
comes through action having a slight
hustle is the critical decision in terms
of your future financial success it's
really not safe to rely on single
paycheck the job market the traditional
job market is shrinking everybody knows
that increasingly I mean it's now it was
reported at 3 and 10 Americans make
money somehow independently from their
day job it's really a necessity and when
you think about the future not just the
now you really want to be preparing
there are three key things you need to
consider when you're deciding on moving
forward with your slide hustle there's
definitely a sweet spot where there's an
intersections where you'll have a
thriving hustle if you can if you hit
these three criteria the first year is
you have to love what was doing it's
hard to run a business right it's tiring
there's rejection lots of things can
happen that will test you so you have to
love what you're doing because that will
pull you through and it means that
you're part of it and the second is you
have to be good at it right so you can
love something and you might want to
keep it as a hobby that's cool you might
not want to touch your art it's actual
thing or a few loss planning parties but
you just don't want that to be a
business it's more of a fun thing than
that's cool too we have to be really
good at it what is it you're providing
because you have to provide massive
values to other people and in the form
of product or service you have to love
it you have to be good at it and thirdly
there importantly there has to be a
market for it there has to be people
already paying for this product or
service somehow somewhere in the world
already that's why it's so great to
research your competition competition is
a good thing it's proof that is a market
for you and that there's demand for it
is that you want to put out there into
the world so those are three things you
love it you're good at it and people
will pay for it
