people who are lost ask ask ask ask ask
you is a massive form of action
typically you'll notice if someone has
moved around different companies over
time they tend to earn more because
there's always that conversation at the
recruitment and selection phase of you
know what are you looking for slow the
negotiation that can happen organically
if you're in the same job so for awhile
having that conversation can be more
tricky especially if you don't have
annual reviews they don't exist
everywhere anymore the most important
thing is to understand what the role is
being paid in the market again
everything is market research understand
kind of where you sit if you think it's
too low you've probably right and really
get them to may should be equipped with
it understand why you're good at what
you do I mean that's the other thing
people will just remember their mistakes
they made a mistake on a report four
months ago and then still feel sick
about it
this is going well I grew the team when
I increase profit and I streamlined this
process and I bring a lot of values for
your sense in terms of my attitude so
really being able to understand your
value as an employee during the research
learn what other people like you are
getting paid those two things are very
critical and then you just have to ask
register up a conversation with your
boss and go for it and you think about
it a few minutes of an awkward
conversation over time like what how
that will compound your income it's
absolutely worth it actually I love what
Tim Ferriss says about this he says that
a successful person can almost be
measured by the number of uncomfortable
conversations they're willing to have
that conversation those few minutes when
you think about the upside versus the
downside it's absolutely worth doing
you
