see no disease is a very well-supported
phenomenon where the higher you ascend
on the corporate ladder the less
self-aware you become what happens when
you're at the top of the food chain in
particular is the standards for
performance our work here you are
usually in a much more visible role and
quite often people are afraid to speak
truth to power and that's you so what I
recommend for someone wanting to address
that or make sure that they are fighting
against it is to really do two things
number one is to create a safe
environment where people tell each other
the truth and there are a lot of ways to
do this but one of the most powerful is
to be vulnerable yourself and that's the
opposite of what a lot of executives
think they should be doing but if you
say you know I didn't do that as well as
I wanted to or you know maybe that
investor call didn't go quite as well as
I wanted it to how can we make it better
the next time as much as you can show
that you're imperfect it earns that
trust in that respect so that people
will be more likely to tell you the
truth but that's not enough so the
second action I recommend is to find one
what I call loving critic what you want
to do is find someone who you know wants
you to be successful number one and
number two is willing to give you the
good the bad and the ugly about your
performance you don't have to go ask
every single person that works under you
and fast I recommend that you don't do
that but if you can find one or two of
these loving critics and hear their
feedback about how you're doing it can
go a long way in treating CEO disease
