I think it would take several hundred
years before you could display that and
people wouldn't immediately associate it
with the Nazis hello I'm Tim Marshall
and I've got any paper back out worth
dying for the power and politics of
flags the swastika goes back a long way
certainly before it became this symbol
of evil and the Chinese book of silk
you see comments and some of them are
spinning in such a way but you actually
get a swastika in the sky and ancient
peoples would have seen this and so
became a a sign of something and in the
Indian culture it certainly became a
sign of good luck and hope the Nazis
then turn that around I mean they
physically reversed the swastika and of
course then it became a similarly evil
and that's really problematic because in
our culture it's evil if you see it over
in Asia of course it's not and should it
be banned here
that's contextual obviously it shouldn't
be banned in a particular sort of temple
but you might not might choose want to
ban it let's say it at what's the rally
what happened under the swastika will
become ancient history and only at that
point will it fade and its original
meaning might rise in the context of the
swastika and and the flag I think in the
European context we are decades who
knows centuries away from it being shown
without that connotation in other parts
of the world of course it remains what
it was a peaceful City
