put a finer point on it is there now an
active investigation into how this
information was weak and can you tell us
about some running that investigation
and I also would like to ask you given
that President Trump is now going to be
meeting face to face with literally
dozens of world leaders if there are
sensitivities to his discretion is what
sort of information to decide to
classify how is that something that you
are advising him ahead of this board
trip well I mean there there are no
sensitivities in terms of me or anybody
who's been with the president and with
many of these engagements he shares
information away that is wholly
appropriate and I should just make I
should just make maybe the statement
here that that the president wasn't even
aware of where this information came
from he wasn't briefed on the source a
method of the information either so I'm
starting out to be the last question
because we do have the president person
coming I think
momentarily thank you very much we have
more questions
