0.4 seconds that's the time it takes you
to blink it's also about how long
goalkeepers have to save a penalty kick
or fail trying and it's certainly not
enough time for a goalie to react and
respond so goalies can't solely rely on
their speed and agility to save a
penalty kick instead they have to pretty
much guess which direction to go and
rely on either luck or game theory game
theory is a popular strategy in
economics where the outcome of a
situation relies more on how well you
predict your opponent's actions than how
you perform your own so since the goalie
has no choice but to guess they're
better off guessing logically than
randomly and that's where economists
come in I would like to know what you do
in the last 80 penalty kicks you faced
do you have any tendencies what does
desica do against right footed kicker
reverse was left foot the kickers that's
economists Ignacio Palacios Huerta he
studied over 11,000 penalty kicks and in
2008 during the UEFA Champions League
final it paid off
sort of it was Manchester united against
Chelsea the game came down to a penalty
shootout which was the perfect
opportunity for Chelsea to put whatas
advice into action along with several
pointers who had given Chelsea's goalie
a key insight about Manchester United's
star Cristiano Ronaldo Ronaldo would
almost certainly kick the ball to the
right if he paused on the run-up and the
advice worked
Ronaldo indeed paused and indeed kicked
the ball to the right Chelsea's goalie
followed who artuz advice and made the
save ultimately Manchester United won
the game but despite Chelsea's loss it
was clear that economists and
statisticians can help even the odds
when it comes to penalty kicks because
otherwise it's a crapshoot for the
goalie in 2014 for example 5:38
calculated that 72 point 5
son of penalties in World Cup history
went in for all competitions worldwide
it's even higher and when you take a
closer look it's no wonder human
response time takes roughly one tenth of
a second to kick in the average kicker
kicks a 70 mile per hour ball which
means the goalie won't even register the
ball's direction until it's about 25
feet away it will take him another 0.5
to 0.7 seconds to react and reach for
the ball but by that point it's all over
now the goalie can improve the odds if
they start to move before the ball is
even kicked but the goalie still has to
basically guess aside and just go for it
so if time is the goalies enemy maybe we
should just move the penalty kicker
further back but for now economists are
a goalies best friend when it comes to
stopping penalty kicks and turns out
Huerta is helping a team in the 2018
World Cup though he wouldn't tell us who
