if all you do in life is work really
hard you're never going to get wealthy
a lot of people have a misconception
about creating wealth and this is
foisted on us by the American education
system and it creates a fallacy and
here's what it is the American education
system is designed for one purpose to
give you knowledge and so that you can
take that knowledge and apply it to a
career so that you can get a job and
earn money in other words we teach
people to work hard and we're really
good at rewarding that by giving you a
salary well that's all what I'm good and
I don't dispute I don't disagree with
any of that but it's only half the story
what you must equally do is work smart
not merely hard and here's why I say
that if you take some of your
hard-earned money and set it aside as
savings and you only put it in a bank
account where you're earning you tell me
what are you earning in bank accounts
these days 0.1% or you could put it in a
bank CD at 1% or 2% if you leave it
alone and let it grow for decades at 1
or 2% it's never going to grow very much
in value you have to get the money
growing at a rate of return where
compound growth works and that means you
need to earn 6% 7% 8% 9% you've got to
get into the high single digits forget
about 10 20 30 40 percent those are
scams
nobody's capable of making 10 20 30
percent a year over many years forget
about that all you need to do is build a
diversified mix of investments using
low-cost exchange-traded funds or mutual
funds and you can build a diversified
portfolio on a global basis it's really
easy to do you can get the rates of
return that you need over decades in
order to achieve your financial goals
you
