he uses old kids to to keep his tunnel
vision and to stay on his sinister track
I'm not on Ola I wrote a book called
bliss it's an account about the drug
abuse in Nazi Germany through the
propaganda always made it clear that
Hitler takes no drugs doesn't drink
alcohol and was kind of portrayed as a
health nut the big irony is that when he
meets a seal Morales personal physician
he starts getting daily injections first
these injections are vitamins and
glucose but in 41 that changes to a
hormone injections and in 43 it changes
to opiates last month out of that
crucial year of the war 1944 he becomes
dependent on opiates 20 milligrams of a
very strong half synthetic opioid
injected intravenously it has a
tremendous effect on how you would
interact with other people during that
day and what what thoughts you might
have and what visions you might have my
research shows that the drug addiction
actually keeps him stable in a time
where everyone around him was changing
opinion about how the war should be
should be fought and generals urging him
to change his tactics he used the strong
opiates to shelter him off from reality
I call this the bunker mentality and
blitz he does not look at reality
anymore he sticks with his pipe dreams
with his ideology so you could say that
he uses opiates to to keep his tunnel
vision and to stay on his sinister track
