in many ways my career has been a whole
series of aha moment because I've
reinvented myself roughly every eight
years from law professor to Dean to
government official and now I run a
non-profit but I do think the most
important aha moment was after I left
the State Department because our eldest
son really needed both parents
completely focused on him that part was
hard but he needed me and and he needed
his father too and so it was the right
thing to do when I knew it but the aha
moment came about a year later when I
was thinking about was I going to go
back into government if President Obama
won in 2012 and I had been an Assistant
Secretary of State so all the jobs over
that are very very good this was my
moment this was my party in power I'd
spent my whole life preparing really for
this moment and I realized I just didn't
want to miss my children's last four
years at home I get emotional even when
I talk about it because I suddenly
realized that notwithstanding my
ambition which burns bright I just
couldn't bear the idea that I would look
back at the end of my life and think
there they were in high school and I
would never have been that been there
now they would tell you mom's definition
of being there is not everybody's
definition so even staying home quote
unquote I was gone a lot but my youngest
is now about to graduate from high
school and now they really are gone and
I'm very glad I made that decision
