a simple lab test could be $8 at a
commercial lab and $800 at a hospital
lab the commercial lab is likely in your
insurance networks the hospital lab may
or may not be one thing I always tell
patients when you're going into a
doctor's office talk to your doctor and
say if I need lab tests if I if I need
an x-ray will you send me to a facility
that's in network because that's where
people get hit with big surprise charges
a simple web test could be eight dollars
at a commercial lab and 800 dollars at a
hospital lab and one of those labs the
commercial lab is likely in your
insurance network the hospital lab may
or may not be so if you say to your
doctor I always send my blood test to an
in-network lab you'll save yourself a
lot of aggravation
your doctor may have to fill out an
extra form because if he works with a
hospital his computer may be
automatically set to default to ordering
at the hospital lab when he checks off
boxes on an order sheet there are no
prices next to those boxes I hear
complaints from doctors all the time you
know I didn't know the hospital or the
lab was going to charge this much one of
the inflationary mechanisms in our
system is that doctors have no idea they
have no idea when they're ordering a
test how much it cost the patient is
going to get stuck with those bills
you
