it was a simple task mundane at best but
every morning we were required to make
our bed to perfection a normal part of a
day for a Navy SEAL was you know we
would arrive at about 7:30 in the
morning from 7:30 to 9 o'clock we did
physical training every single morning
of most of my career when I was assigned
to the SEAL Teams that's not an easy
thing to do every morning of course some
people get up they run or they do
whatever their routine is the idea of
making the bed is it's the same sense of
discipline it's the same sense that
you're going to get up and do something
but it's an easy task to undertake you
know you roll out of bed you just put
your bed you make it straight again you
get it right - it's not just about kind
of throwing the covers over the pillow
it's about making your bed right walking
away and going okay that's good that
looks good I'm as simple as it sounds
I'm proud of this little task I did and
that is really what I think set the tone
for the rest of the day it is the
simplicity I think it is also the amount
of time that it takes to make your bed
it doesn't take an hour to do and yet
you get this sense of accomplishment the
difference between going out for a
30-minute or an hour run or doing an
hour's worth of weight training or going
off and doing an hour of meditation this
takes you a couple of minutes some
things are hard to do in the morning I
think those are important too you mean
you know if you get up every morning and
do your run or do your PT that's great
as well but if you're not one of those
persons still it's good to start off
with it with a simple task than moves
you forward
