so you believe we're in the middle of a
food revolution what does that mean what
are the consumer want oh it means that
people are questioning the mainstream
food system in many ways they are
requesting their relationship to brands
their relationship to the stores in
which they shop and and by doing these
they go for alternative ways they want
to know what's behind the brand the
ingredients the way the food has been
produced the agriculture that produced
it the people behind the brand and
basically they are turning away from all
the brands that their parents the
previous generation thought they were
there for granted and they are
reconsidering completely their options
and this is what we call the food
revolution and who is driving this a
while I think essentially the
Millennials generation the Gen Y the gen
Z because they have grown in in a world
where they saw the limits of the system
happening they saw climate change they
saw obesity they saw non communicable
disease they saw malnutrition they saw
the difficulty of water access in many
places around the world which you didn't
before mass media was there and which we
as a generation hadn't seen happening
either so they saw the limits in the
system and then what drive the
revolution is the fact that this is a
digitally native generation so they are
taking pictures of their food they're
discussing all around the place and
through the the social network social
media they are creating social norms
because then the influence their friends
their tribes of France their audiences
their sports teams their parents their
families so as they grow we also see for
instance parents becoming agents of
change when you are a millennial and you
have a child you reconsider the way you
feed your family you turn organic for
instance a happy family brand here in in
the US is the leading organic baby food
brand in the US and it's absolutely
striking to see that
the organic portion of the market was
like 3% 10 years ago and it's now 40
percent so the main the main stream
becomes organic for parents and then
because it's for parents it's also for
the rest of the family so that's how
gradually one by one but in a very
unanimous approach around the world
these Millennials are changing the way
everyone's eats and drink is there any
products or changes to specific products
that you've made because of this
revolution yes so we we have made a
conscious choice probably 10-15 years
ago to focus on product categories that
we believe are on trend with all these
changes so essentially fresh starting
with fresh dairy fermented probiotics
the vegetal platforms the so silk and so
delicious and a number of others here in
this country Vega is another one of the
brands that we are outside of the US
after the acquisition of white wave a
year and a half ago for then on here we
have a baby food business globally our
medical nutrition business our bottled
water premium business with Avion and
other brands as you mentioned so these
are categories that we've seen a long
time ago as being the ones that would be
driving the growth and this is what is
happening we are playing in eight of the
ten fastest growing food categories
around the world and we are shaping the
recipes to make sure that it matches
this demand so for instance we are
taking away all the artificial
ingredients in in the in the in the
product the artificial sweeteners we're
taking away even some colorants going
directly to natural completely natural
colorants in order to make sure that we
simplify the labels we reduced enables
we are going for more natural leti this
is one of the reasons why in the u.s.
Danone has decided to move half of our
global fresh dairy business from GMO to
non GMO entirely non GMO now for one
billion-dollar
in our brands in particular danimals
which is our fastest-growing dairy kids
brand here and so yes there are many
many things in which we are embracing
that revolution because we believe as a
company it's a big bet that we should
embrace the revolution not resisted and
Daniel North America just became the or
recently became or the the largest B
corporation in the world how hard was
that to do what did you have to change
well yes I mean this bacopa jana for us
is uh is one of utmost importance
because it tells many people I'll put it
this way many people are walking away
from the mainstream food system today
because they don't trust that system to
serve their interests and basically
there's a fear that big business is here
to serve the interests of big business
and of shareholders there's absolutely
no doubt that Sheldor value is part of
the equation and but it cannot be the
ultimate purpose of a brand that serves
the purpose of a food revolution it's
part of the positive consequences of
serving the revolution well and for the
long term having said that we need to
rebuild trust all over the place people
are walking away from the large brands
and one way of doing this is be caught
because be copies an NGO that provides
certification for companies that have
the utmost environmental social and
governance standards in their operations
and we are blessed with having been
recognized in a number of our
subsidiaries already in brands as big
hope companies it's important because it
tells what is the intention of the
people behind the brand and this
intention topic is used usually
important in the conversations between
the brands consumer civil society and
governments so we started with smaller
companies smaller brands happy families
is already an for long B Corp here in
the US but then we want for this full
certification of a six billion dollar
business here all our brands with we
thought it would take three years it
finally took one year
so it was very hard on one side but I
think what made it different was that we
have embedded already for 15 years and
then on the measurement of our social
environments our impact so we had the
metrics the KPIs the systems that we
could then build on their certification
and the second is the energy of people
because I'm I was just speaking about
the relationship with consumers but the
relationship with our own employees has
changed the conversation has changed and
the level of energy and an employer
branding overall an engagement that it
creates is amazing and I think this is
one of the main reason why we were able
to achieve this certification in one
year instead of three and what was the
biggest change that you had to make in
that year to get it there are still a
number of commitment that we need to
make in terms of reporting
Dannan is pretty good at acting not so
much reporting in many ways so reporting
on the social topics for instance was a
very important one another one was about
documenting the legal aspects of some of
what we're doing because a number of the
big hop companies today most of them are
pretty small companies startup social
entrepreneurs it's a crowd extremely
creative that rebuilds capitalism's in
many way and but we as large companies
that have been there for hundred years
even if we disrupt ourselves we have a
whole lot of things to deal with as
large companies so if you have a class
action is it a problem or is it not a
problem in the u.s. having a class
action is is something that
unfortunately or fortunately happens as
soon as you're a reasonably sizeable
company as a small brand you don't as a
big one
you do so pick up and ourselves had to
adjust on whether this is fair not fair
under which circumstances documenting
those in order for them to feel
comfortable about the accreditation
process is there I was there any
pushback from a business perspective
about why would we do this yes in a way
the pushback is we have so many things
to address meaning that we have the
short the me the long term prospects to
build as a company
huge engagement from the 100,000 people
then on around the world that's going to
be another important but yet another
project and so the pushback was more on
that side we had a very interesting
conversation with our investors and
actually even more recently we've
started to see the direct positive
impact of Beco certification on the
financial metrics of the non one thing
I'd like to add to this is that for
instance we renegotiated a syndicated
banking loan of two billion euros with
12 of the largest banks in the world
that is going to have a lower cost for
Danone as we are rolling out the big hop
certification process
so this basically recognizing is a fact
that the credit rating of Danone is
better as a big hope than not being a
bit cold and so as soon as you hit that
then you suddenly understand that it can
have a major impact on the risk and
return aspects of a business model
wonderful and you have so many products
in your umbrella what is your personal
favorite which one do you consume the
most my favorite is about high-protein
yogurts so here in the US this is the
triple zero
Aiko's of done on and in my country of
origin where I live when I don't travel
which is not not very often is is a
product called annual which is the
equivalent great thank you so much thank
you so much
