I always think that the perfect business
casual outfit for any office would be a
really dark pair of jeans even a pair of
black jeans can feel really cool and
then I think a button-down with a really
nicely fitted sweater maybe a half zip
sweater
cut is really important as well you know
when you think of somebody that looks
really good in a suit what is it that
looks good about the suit it's the fit
and I think as long as your casual
separates fit you really nicely they're
well tailored to your body you can get
away with a lot more and if you want to
kind of like bring it up to the next
level and go right in between business
casual and dressy a blazer and it
doesn't have to be a really formal
blazer it can be a more relaxed blazer
that maybe has some elbow patches to
make it feel a little bit more weekend
it can also be in a really fun color I
think that you don't have to go black or
gray on the Blazer I think you can do
really dark rich shades I love a
burgundy blazer on a man I think it's
super sharp you can do a more casual
relaxed blazer that might look like part
of a suit but if you wear with a sweater
underneath all of a sudden it becomes
something that feels kind of cool kind
of laid back but still professional on a
Thursday for women business casual can
have a little bit more playfulness to it
I think I think women can get away with
more casual dresses that are cotton even
the jean jacket still works for women
but I think again it's all about the fit
I think anything that is tailored to
your body it's always going to feel a
little bit more dressy a little bit more
elevated and with women shoes come into
play a lot I've seen a lot of women
recently wearing sneakers with dresses
and I think that that's something we
wouldn't have done maybe two or three
years ago but you're talking about
really polished sneakers these aren't
running shoes these aren't commuter
shoes these are really simple sleek
streamlined sneakers with a short dress
and maybe a great jacket over it I think
that's kind of a very modern way to do
this is casual for women right now
