don't waste good olive oil pour the
pasta not to stick I think the stupidest
things I've ever heard about making
pasta is people waste olive oil in the
water so the pasta doesn't stick that's
a lie it's wasteful and you should be
ashamed of yourself because you should
be there stirring your pasta which
doesn't make it stick anyway if you stir
it now if you throw a pound of pasta in
the water and then you go play socket or
take a shower the past I might stick to
the bottom that's natural but don't
waste good olive oil for the pasta not
to stick just stare your pasta you lazy
people out there salt salts fine
you can salt pass the salt passes good
as long as you don't have a too spicy
sauce or too salty sauce for example if
you have a four cheese sauce naturally
there is a lot of salt in it so you
don't want to over salt your pasta
