someone is despicable as Hitler who
didn't even sink to the to the to using
chemical weapons this was the largest
audience to ever witness an inauguration
period both in person and around the
globe that himself hold it I understand
it can't be a van if you're letting a
million people and he's been very clear
that is extreme betting can you say a
furtive Lee that whatever the president
said something we can trust it to be
really if he's not joking of course me
but in that case hold on foot but no no
you're asking hold on okay hold on hold
on let me and I am trying to answer your
question Jonathan if you can calm down
and then obviously there's been
discussion of Paul Manafort who played a
very limited role for a very limited
amount of time
Jonathan somebody's asking a question
it's not your press for you think
Julie's asking a question please calm
down if the president puts Russian salad
dressing on your salad tonight somehow
that's a Russian connection ok we're
going you're asking me a question and
I'm going to answer which is the
president I'm sorry please stop shaking
your head again you look we didn't use
chemical weapons in World War two you
know you had a you know someone is
despicable with Hitler who didn't even
sink to the 22 using chemical weapons
there was not in the in the bottom into
the 22 the Holocaust center I understand
that
