I think in the case of our reaction to
Syria this time it was the exact right
is appropriate it was as we say
proportional recognizing that the
heinous act conducted by the Sirians and
dropping the the sarin I mean that is
I'm not sure I would say it's always
proportional that was a terrible act but
our response was again appropriate and
proportional and and the right thing to
do my expectation now is we will have a
government-to-government discussion with
the Russians to say look you know you're
you are running out of options in terms
of support to Assad you need to move
Assad on because we the Americans are
still prepared to take the next couple
of steps and again I would hope those
discussions are happening it's a long
way if ever before we would put boots on
the ground in a Syrian civil war context
that's not to say we obviously have
spooks on the ground now fighting Isis
this is a you know a different set of
circumstances when you start talking
about going after or going against the
Syrian government my opinion as the sod
has to go you bet
