so as border control and customs are
they able to search your your personal
devices as you're coming into the
country and the truth matter is they are
if you're coming from outside the United
States they have absolutely every right
to go through and require you to unlock
your phone or deny you entry into the
United States and there's been different
court proceedings before in the past to
that your device itself is not
considered you know protected
information so they can technically
order you to do that or unlock your
device they don't consider your your
thumbprint a password per se as far as
the court is concerned they consider it
part of your body something that can be
used in order to access information so
they can absolutely use your thumb and
you know put your thumb on there and
have it open up the device and
everything else again has to come with a
court order especially the United States
now you can refuse that but they could
deny you entry into the country and not
allow you access to get through the
borders or to go through customs to get
access the United States when it comes
to privacy you know obviously you know
there's some concerns around being able
to open your voice and have somebody go
through your text messages I'm go
through your phone logs on being able to
replicate or copy that device so they
have access to it as you're going
through customs or border control so
what I would recommend you know if
you're if you're concerned about your
privacy you can absolutely wipe it and
then reinitialize it as you you know get
through customs you can also you know
come with a burner phone in the United
States so it doesn't actually have a lot
of the information on there there are
things you can do to minimize your risk
when it comes to privacy concerns that
are out there using you know a lot of
the newer technologies such as an iPhone
very difficult to get access to that
unless you provide access to them it's
going to be up to your discretion on
whether or not you decide to allow
somebody into your device or to open up
that device but you know it you know
could come with a court order if it's
ability you can deny it and you know
read the ramifications of that later on
down the road you know from a litigation
perspective
when you reset your phone I'm going to
boots up you the first time you boot up
the phone you have to hit your PIN
number that goes into that right so you
have to hit you know whether you have a
PIN number a password on that goes net
device so if they're requesting you know
for you to end your thumb it wouldn't
necessarily work they can still require
you to you know entering your password
and through a court order but you don't
have to give that information up and
they can't you know take your thumb and
put it on the actual device itself you
know they the you still need that
password to do and start on so that's
definitely good good advice
