my fellow Americans on Tuesday Syrian
dictator Bashar al-assad launched a
horrible chemical weapons attack on
innocent civilians using a deadly nerve
agent Assad choked out the lives of
helpless men women and children it was a
slow and brutal death for so many even
beautiful babies were cruelly murdered
in this very barbaric attack no child of
God should ever suffer such horror
tonight I ordered a targeted military
strike on the airfield in Syria from
where the chemical attack was launched
it is in this vital national security
interest of the United States to prevent
and deter the spread and use of deadly
chemical weapons there can be no dispute
that Syria used banned chemical weapons
violated its obligations under the
Chemical Weapons Convention and ignored
the urging of the UN Security Council
years of previous attempts at changing
Assad's behavior have all failed and
failed very dramatically as a result the
refugee crisis continues to deepen and
the region continues to destabilize
threatening the United States and its
allies tonight I call on all civilized
nations to join us in seeking to end the
slaughter and bloodshed in Syria
and also to end terrorism of all kinds
and all types we ask for God's wisdom as
we face the challenge of our very
troubled world we pray for the lives of
the wounded and for the souls of those
who have passed and we hope that as long
as America stands for justice
then peace and harmony will in the end
prevail good night and God bless america
and the entire world thank you
