I think David Cameron may well go down
in history as the worst british prime
minister since Neville Chamberlain was
very complacent the entire political
class in Britain app actually was
complacent about this and even when it
was put up for a vote they didn't think
that it ever had a chance of succeeding
David Cameron made a massive mistake and
putting this up for a vote there was
never really a major clamoring to leave
the EU it was a very loud minority
within the Tory party of course there's
you Kip on the outside but he didn't
have to put this up for vote and frankly
there's some things that should not be
put up to plot the sites and I think
membership in the European Union is a
very complex difficult issue there's
probably thousands of pages and bulbs in
the in the membership documents and you
can't expect the average person to
really have a grasp on that and I think
if you look at all the facts the facts
were clear that EU membership for
Britain has been a good thing but I
think we learned that for a lot of
people feelings mattered more and I
think actually those of us who oppose
President may have even condescended to
people who supported it in thinking that
they just weren't aware of these facts I
think most people who voted were were
aware and they just decided that this
notion of sovereignty was more important
to them than whatever benefits the
country might accrue from being in the
world's largest you know free trading
block
