you need to learn how money works it's
really sad that most kids come out of
college completely illiterate when it
comes to personal finance you go through
K through 12 not a single class on money
your parents never told you anything
about money most kids don't go to any
college classes on money and when you
get into the workplace your employer's
not gonna teach you anything about money
either so where do people learn about
money through experience and experience
as we know is a very expensive teacher
so much better to learn about money as
you're engaging in education here's the
good news the world of money is not
nearly as complicated as everybody wants
you to believe it is the people who are
trying to convince you that money is
complicated that it's too difficult for
you to understand are the people who are
trying to sell you stuff but in fact the
subject of money is remarkably simple it
is really easy to understand how money
works a bank account a checking account
a stock a bond a mutual fund your 401k
at work this stuff is not rocket science
it's just that the institution the Wall
Street machine they want you to think it
is to intimidate you to scare you to
make you dependent on them so that they
can make a ton of money charging you
massive fees and commissions selling you
products you frankly don't need and are
not in your best interest
so all it takes is a very basic
fundamental level of Education
