she's trying gonna say that she's trying
so
how are you answer that cuz you actually
what we one of the smartest things we
did we've done with our money was so
every year we started a tradition where
we do a money challenge so every year
once a week we would put a certain
amount of money into the bank in into a
bank in intervals of five so it goes
week one is five dollars week two is ten
dollars and the goal is to make it to
the end of the year and we use that
collectively to start a joint bank
account the biggest challenge I've had
is no more spending I'm I'm Martha oh I
like this I want to get this and he's
more of the well how much is it no I'm
not buying that I'll go to another store
or just won't get it at all so his ways
has like been rubbing off on me because
he's constantly telling me like we need
to like you know continually save a lot
more and I've lessened I think but I'm
she's trying to I can say that she's
trying so I mean I'm pretty frugal with
my money so like I don't like to spend
money on certain things that I think are
not worth it so it's me my biggest thing
my biggest thing with money is not
letting her take all my money that's
really cuz my money cause I don't spend
money on myself really so a lot of times
when I do spend money is something for
her
