this is the best pastrami best corned
beef best hotdogs best matzo ball soup
they're driven to find anywhere in the
city or in the world my name is Jake doe
I'm the fifth generation owner here at
Katz's Deli Katz's Deli has been here
since 1888 one hundred and twenty
nine-year-old deli here in the Lower
East Side of Manhattan I would say
there's a couple things that really have
kept campus going for these last hundred
and twenty nine years and the first is
definitely the food my favorite is
pastrami on rye
over the monster can't go wrong we go
through about 15,000 pounds of ishani
every week the other thing is just a
nostalgia component you know you look at
the walls you look skinny on these the
sights of smells it sounds use a quest
and you don't find this anywhere else
and finally of course with that there's
loud it's bustling it's chaotic its
opponent Lower East Side has gone
through a lot of changes both in looks
and feel and what it does and inclusion
lives there and the one thing that
stayed constant is Katz's
