all right what is your day job what do
you do normally I work as a management
consultant and investment bank so I'll
come in like I'll have my arm in a sling
I'll have a slash on my face I'll have
like a busted eyebrow something and
they're like what happen to you I'll be
like other like a your armored fighting
stuff huh I've always liked Renaissance
tech tools I did we tie when I was
younger the kid that saw a video about
this on the Internet I was like just
what I've always been looking for
what's your your day job oh I'm in the
Coast Guard
vs live what you've invested in your
armor over the years I mean over the
past four four and a half five years
I've probably put in maybe ten twelve
thousand dollars how much did you have
to spend on your armor oh yeah whoo
more than anxious okay
I'd rather not put that out so my
girlfriend even though you get ready for
the first imagine I always a butterfly
why the robots get your ass
working up you can compute all your shit
involving everyone's first rounds or
first two or three matches you feel
terribly sick a lot of people puke pass
out your radiators
on some scratches if you're not getting
bruised not in the fight that's kind of
the north it's not as painful as it
looks to be in there getting hit by axes
and all that stuff
I mean everyone I always do get a hit
that you feel it's not very comfortable
but it's worth it stay like you have
this ass right here right that's metal
right and so if you get hit where
there's no armor it's like I just walked
up to you and I hit you with this axe in
your ribs as hard as I could
that's what it's like when you get hit
in places where there's no armor
strength is important and cardio and
decreases with your car yet applied
Walters
so I only hundred mile race in the
mountain stuff like that stuff I'm known
as having what everybody tells me the
most do not anyone else to lead I'm 6
foot about 150 to 155 or you generally
one of the smaller man I mean on average
they're like six two two three four
you're going to count but I'm on the
field just to boom grab people whatever
like that better than me margos up but I
feel that moment when they run out of
energy
yes in the beginning if you feel like
you're going to die out there because
you're just getting hit so hard and it's
just so fast-paced out there it is just
being so risky because it weapons are
flying anywhere but then after a while
you're you you know a bunch of fights
later you start to see that what you
didn't die you're going to be fine can
be a very unique experience that you can
remember the rest of your life
you
