you can write a character whether you're
writing for a drama or a comedy it
doesn't matter you can write them how
you want but you can't dictate how the
audience is going to perceive that
character in the case of room and reins
I think there is a subset of the fanbase
that doesn't like to be force-fed
doesn't like to be told this is a guy we
should be cheering for and you can see
that in the way that fans respond to
John Cena who's clearly a good guy and
has been for decades WWE is unique in
that they have a group of fans who are
young children they have fans who have
been with the sports and they were young
children and went through an evolution
during the Attitude Era where the
superheroes of their childhood like Bret
Hart are suddenly being booed because
it's not cool to root for Bret Hart you
can't determine who people are going to
cheer for or why I would say that on the
whole if you're a WWE Superstar it's
less important whether you're getting
boot or cheered it's that you're getting
that reaction whatever it is is it
easier as someone who's coordinating a
television show to know who your heroes
and who your villains are sure but
that's not the way the world works
