there's a lot of research on how to
motivate kids and the interesting thing
about it it's not just true for kids
it's true for everybody and it's about
motivating the effort rather than the
outcome so imagine there's a kid who
studied really well for an exam but then
didn't do well what do we do do we say
wonderful you work so hard
congratulation that's what you that's
what you should have done or do we say
shame on you
you got a C or alternatively imagine you
have a kid who didn't study at all and
got an A
what do we do do we congratulate and say
hey you got an A that's wonderful
or do we say this is terrible you really
didn't study this is just inappropriate
this is not the way the way to go and
often what we do is we reward or punish
the outcome and we do it with in the
business world as well right we gave
people bonuses if what they did was
successful regardless of whether the
process was good or bad so this is true
for kids and for adults when we want to
think about what is the input that
people have done because you see if
somebody has a great process and a bad
outcome we want to keep rewarding them
because we want good process if somebody
has a terrible process in a good outcome
we don't want to reward them because
they'll keep on having a pitiful a
pitiful process if you do a good process
for a long time eventually you'll be
more successful so we want to reward
people on the process not on the outcome
but you true for kids it's true for
adults it's harder to do it's hard to do
which is why we don't do it but it is
the right way
