so if you want to spend you know say
south of $400 on a watch I think the
first choice should should be Seiko and
the Seiko five is a wonderful watching
they begin around $100 and they're
mechanical and when completely in-house
around that range you can also find some
Hamilton's you can run some vintage
Hamilton's I think an interesting choice
would be a vintage Timex so time X used
to be based in Connecticut here
Waterbury and they for a long time made
their own movements here in the US and
so you hear often now shinola and a lot
of brands extolling kind of the benefits
of being american-made those movements
are not in fact made in America these
Timex movements from the 70s 80s and
even before were in fact american-made
and they stopped making mechanical
movements in the u.s. in the 80s and the
early 80s but they still exist and you
know I remember I bought a vintage Timex
mechanical watch early on for I think
$75 and now they're probably a few
hundred but it's still very affordable
and anything that is Seiko based you
know under $200 is really nice Swiss
Army with Aneta ET a movement Hamilton
with a net a movement long machine and
again vintage Omega vintage una
resoluci√≥n F can be had in the hundreds
for sure
