today the government ass on the
Democratic will of the British people
and it acts to on the clear and
convincing position of this house a few
minutes ago in brothels the United
Kingdom's permanent representative to
the EU handed a letter to the President
of the European Council on my behalf
confirming the government's decision to
invoke Article 50 of the treaty on
European Union the article 50 process is
now underway and in accordance with the
wishes of the British people the United
Kingdom is leaving the European Union
this is an historic moment from which
there can be no turning back Britain is
leaving the European Union we are going
to make our own decisions and our own
laws we are going to take control of the
things that matter most to us and we are
going to take this opportunity to build
a stronger Farah Britain a country that
our children and grandchildren are proud
to call home
that is our ambition and our opportunity
and that is what this government is
determined to do mr. speaker at moments
like these great turning points in our
national story the choices we make
define the character of our nation we
can choose to say the task ahead is too
great we can choose to turn our face to
the past and believe it can't be done or
we can look forward with optimism and
hope and to believe in the enduring
power of the British spirit I choose to
believe in Britain and that our best
days lie ahead
