if you're seeking to establish yourself
as a credible leader and maybe you're
new to an organization or perhaps you're
younger than everyone there I would say
this is the perfect opportunity to stop
and observe what successful people in
the organization are doing and try to
seek to understand those behaviors and
reflect upon yourself and say how am i
or how am I not demonstrating those
behaviors you could observe wow this
organization really values people who
take initiative and just ask yourself
how can I get on that path so I can be
influential in this environment and
through that process you can start to
understand how you can develop your
credibility and those are behaviors that
you too can develop so it's really
important to isolate out the behavior
though because we can develop those
behaviors
