what bothers me most about juicing is
the idea that it's somehow detoxifies or
cleanses your body that is not true
there are a lot of nutrients that you
miss out on for example you're not gonna
get a lot of iron you're not getting any
protein you're barely getting things
like calcium you're not getting any
omega-3 fatty acids when you juice a
fruit or a vegetable you completely get
rid of all the fiber fiber has many
health benefits it helps to lower our
blood pressure it's great for our heart
health fiber helps to keep you feel full
after you eat and not to mention the
fact that the average American is eating
about 14 grams of fiber a day and the
recommendation is 30 the other issue
with juicing especially some of these
juices that are more fruit based is that
you're getting rid of the fiber and a
lot of the nutrition that is in the peel
or in the skin and you're leaving behind
all that concentrated sugar people don't
understand that your body is constantly
detoxing the kidneys and liver are two
organs that are in charge of detoxing
the body you don't need to do anything
else in terms of drinking any juice to
help the body detox
