the SI bracket people again want to have
a magic formula and our view is that
doing relatively simple things is better
there are a couple things though that
that make a lot of intuitive sense once
you see what they are one of them is
travel distance when I go from New York
to San Francisco I'm probably not at my
best in the first meeting I have like I
should take a bunch of kids and
Transplant them across the coast they
perform worse so kind of bidding esteem
the travels for other if they look
evenly matched on paper is a helpful
thing
the term incants they use strange
formulas like RPI and it don't really
tell you much of anything you might want
to make some brooding risks those 12
versus 5 see Tut games very off there's
not a lot difference between the two
don't pick the team where one in your
office went to college the dumbest thing
you can do looking at obvious things
injuries travel distance seating that
will get you pretty far
you
