I don't like spending time with stupid
people so I have very few friends either
print what's your fitness routine there
is none nearly none absolutely none
you workout it all or no Wow don't
believe in it
get a green thumb now I have a brown
thumb try you labor type demolition
great things and fix them and get my
hands dirty literally get them in your
electrical plumbing drywall carpentry
painting thank you our perfection thank
you you're so very welcome
see you later
I do
I guess games at 7:30 in the morning and
it takes me an hour and a half to read
over all five games that we are taking
today because I don't want to make a
mistake in Prince Rupert save words
standing during commercial breaks and
talking to people in the studio audience
is very rewarding for me because I get
to display an aspect of my personality
that doesn't really come across that
often on the show because we are a
material driven program a lot of clues
to get through so I don't have an
opportunity to stop and suddenly tell a
joke and try to make myself look good or
big in front of the audience
I'm not have I use my phone for
something completely revolutionary I
make a call I receive a call
I prefer conversing in the show is the
most important thing and the contestant
the host is important but in a third
stage only and get out of the way let
the game play it to play itself on with
these three great players who will order
you with you continue to be the host of
the show
Oh probably another 10 or 15 minutes as
long as my skills have not diminished to
the point where I feel embarrassed
because I'm making a lot of mistakes and
as long as the show retains its
popularity and as long as I enjoy the
time I spend taping jeopardy yeah hey
we'll have any plans for retirement no
