a lot of people when they choose their
numbers like to space them out and they
don't like to clump them together now if
you win you want to win the whole pots
you don't want to share it with anyone
else so here's my tip in order to try
and avoid having the same numbers as
other people clump your numbers together
because people very rarely do that and
actually we can prove about half the
numbers that come out of any lottery
we'll have two consecutive numbers
together another tip is to pick numbers
in the 40s because people tend to choose
numbers which are birthdays for example
so and nobody's born on the 42nd of
January so if you pick numbers in the
40s then if you do win you're less
likely to share the money with a load of
other people so there's my tip for
winning as much as you can if you are a
winner
