a short of working week is the best
instrument we have again in to fight
against climate change because if we
consume more of our prosperity in the
form of leisure
instead of buying stuff we don't even
need well that's very good for the
climate
we know that the countries with the
shorter working weeks like Sweden
Finland before much better here have
also much higher social capital people
are a lot happier we need to completely
redefine what work actually is there's
so much useful work that's not being
paid volunteers work caring for our kids
caring for elderly doesn't have to GDP
but you know if all the volunteers will
go on strike we'd be in trouble now what
will happen if all the bankers go on
strike happened only once in Ireland
1970 and the strike went on for six
months and nothing much happened the
economy just get growing and after six
months the bankers came back and said
okay yeah we're gonna go back to working
ask yourself the question what happens
if I go on strike
