it works on a receptor which is called
the GABA receptor GABA usually keeps a
sense of calmness is a sedative
properties it has muscle relaxant
properties you feel the good feeling in
that way one may feel the effects for
approximately I would say three to four
hours young one and then one many to
repeat it at that time to get the effect
again and it lasts in your system
approximately eight hours or so so it
washes out pretty quickly
benzodiazepines including xanax can
cause cognitive problems over a period
of months to years people can have
memory problems you become
psychologically and physically addicted
to the medication if you don't take it
you can develop severe withdrawal
you will become Restless you will become
irritable you will become
edgy you won't be able to sleep you may
start to have gastric problems you may
feel sweaty you start to lose all of the
positive effects of the medication and
because it has a short half-life you
need to increase it and you need to take
it more frequently
you
