it's called inception look at the movie
Inception was was very well done of
course the the degree of control that
the characters in the movie had over the
dreams that was a well beyond to what
most or even all lucid dreamers would
have and there was this also this
recurrent element of having a dream
within a dream within a dream and so on
so all of these layers of complexity I
don't think that this is a typical
situation at all another element that
for the sake of the movie they had to do
it like this but I don't think it's
necessarily realistic even when we are
in a lucid dream we are not the most
rational person the activity in our
prefrontal lobes is diminished while we
sleep so we're not real rational agents
even when we are having lucid dreams we
are not behaving in the way we would as
we are awake in the movie Inception of
course everybody was perfectly rational
and in having very clear goals and
motivations while dreaming but one one
aspect of of Inception that I have I
have found helpful in my own lucid
dreams and that I be remembering in this
particular lucid dream was about in the
movie they say okay you are here having
the situation in this environment
do you remember how did you get here did
you came here did you take a cab did you
walk how did you get here and if you
cannot tell that big indication that you
are in a dream so how did we end up here
well we just came from there
think about it
how did you get here where are you right
now
which we need I'm an occasional lucid
dreamer myself and I have experience
being in a dream scenario in which the
environment just changed instantly I was
in this room and then I'm in a different
place with no intervening traveling so
that's a big clue that something's up
