I truly believe that testing your will
at least once a year is very important
it makes you appreciate a lot of the
good things you might have going on
testing your will could be signing up
for let's say an adventure race and
you've never done any aspect of it
putting yourself in a vulnerable
position is never fun but you gain so
much out of it you learn so much from it
that it allows you to grow as a person
for me it's boxing I get in the ring
with bigger faster people and that's the
test of my will at least a couple of
times a month I might get my ass kicked
it might hurt but I don't care because
in the end I'm going to be a better
person because of it for most of
special-operations I think guys enjoy
testing your will because they want to
see if they can do it they want to see
if they can win we're very competitive
with one another and internally and it's
that internal competition that fortifies
your will every time you do something
that sucks
