I don't let security drive my life I
simply just make choices that means I've
got more control depending on the nature
of an attack of course if it's a bombing
of some kind it would be the response as
opposed to everything else that would be
simply a case of checking out my
condition and seeing if I could help
other people in the event are something
different like a complex attack we're
shooting for example the bat clan model
an enclosed space I would hope that I
had planned to be in a place from which
I could extricate myself but that's just
my normal practice I just make it pop
the way I live and work I've booked a
flight I sit near the exit I've never
had to I've never needed it but it's
just you might as well if you've got a
choice with the current context what we
know is playing dead although it may
work it may not it is now less likely to
work than was previously thought in
different circumstances because we know
the individuals tend to go around you
know shooting bodies I would simply be
looking to escape as fast as possible
and put hard cover between me and those
who are shooting them and hard cover is
thick brick walls knock car doors
