no I think that President Obama's behind
it because his people certainly behind
it can we talk about President Obama he
said you personally get along with them
you guys are going at each other for
three four maybe eight years it turns
out his organization it seems to be
doing a lot of the organizing to some of
the protests and a lot of these
Republicans are seeing around the
country and against you do you believe
President Obama's behind it and if he is
is that a violation of the call
so-called unsaid president's code no I
think he is behind it I also think it's
politics that's the way it is and look I
have approached was never Bush wasn't
going after Clinton Clinton was going
after a bush well you never know what's
exactly happening behind the scenes you
know you're probably right or possibly
right but you never know no I think that
President Obama is behind it because
it's people certainly behind it and some
of the leaks possibly come from that
group you know some of the leaks which
are really very serious leaks because
they're very bad in terms of national
security but I also understand that's
politics and in terms of him being
behind things that's politics and it
will probably continue
