it does not get missed there's no way I
miss my workout I've been working out so
long that I have a pretty you know
established regiment the first thing I
do every morning is get up put my gym
clothes on and work out no matter what
day it is no matter what's happening I
have gym clothes right by the bed so
that it's the first thing I see and
usually I get up around 4:30 5:00 a.m.
usually sometimes earlier if I have to
take an early flight or whatever but it
does not get missed there's no way I
miss my workout that is a no-no it just
doesn't happen it's such a habit that if
it does if I felt like it wasn't going
to happen I would feel like something's
wrong with the universe some days it'll
be an hour to two hours usually Monday
through Friday our lift days with
Wednesday being kind of a stretch and
run and AB day and the whole thing but I
run on the weekend I went every day I'm
a big big runner I run almost 4 miles a
day simply because my brain the way it
works it needs that that kind of energy
I have a lot of energy I actually need
to burn off some because if I didn't get
the run in it was just wouldn't work
there was a time when I didn't lose when
I retired from the NFL you're the
pressure that happens because you're not
an athlete anymore and I spent about a
few months not working out and I gained
like 25 pounds and the whole thing and
my move my attitude everything about me
was down once I got back in the gym it
literally changed I never stopped
working out again and it's been it's
literally my lifeblood is one of those
things with my meditation it's my spot
time and I enjoy it you really need to
try a workout that you like and you will
see the difference in your life
