are there other things available now
illegal now that could safely be made
available to people for non-medical use
under appropriate regulation yes i think
and i would put put the house asians
pretty high on that list so I in my
members mushrooms also LSD or oh yeah
I'm in LA but LSD is the boogie man
because of of by historical accident I
mean there's no reason to think that LSD
is more dangerous or less dangerous than
psilocybin which is what's in shrooms it
lasts longer so it's a little scarier in
that way but prefer for LSD psilocybin
mushrooms and mescaline and and and the
whole Sasha shulgin alphabet of
synthetics the issue is basically
accident people jumping out of windows
people jumping out windows which
unfortunately not to be mythological um
but also psychological axes people
having really scary experiences that
leads leave them scarred oh then the
idea is we need some some way to help
people not have bad trips help them not
have bad trips and have them not do
stupid things that hurt themselves or
others while they're in an altered state
and the answer is you require a
babysitter which is yo everybody who who
likes this the house Energon says you
know you should always have a babysitter
present to make sure you don't do
something stupid and you negotiate with
the babysitter that you know you'll take
orders while you're no longer really
there we'll make that the law and
establish a license class of babysitters
because could you make mushrooms
available to people without having a
mass number of people going to the ed
wood for for mushrooms are you good
