will the president be watching if
there's a Merrill Street kind of moment
so Hollywood is crawling with outsiders
and foreigners and if we kick them all
out you'll have nothing to watch but
football and mixed martial arts how do
you think he'll react and why if this
has happened at other award ceremonies
why do you think this happens I think
what happens actors like Meryl Streep I
have no idea it's a free country
I think Hollywood is known for being
rather far to the left and it's opinions
and I got to be honest with you I think
the president will be hosting the
Governor's Ball that night mrs. Trump
looks forward to putting on a phenomenal
event and the first lady's put a lot of
time into this event that's going to
occur in welcoming our nation's
governor's to the Capitol and I feeling
that that that's where the president and
the first lady are going to be focused
on on Sunday night and and so we'll go
from there
