it seems like as the government has
gotten more effective at restricting the
supply of prescription opiates and
driven up the price that that's just
driven people to heroin I agree with
every word of that sense except just
okay I don't think it's an accident that
the number of initiation speak then went
down I think there are some people for
whom those prescription opiates were a
an irreplaceable stepping stones to open
use they weren't gonna start sticking a
needle in their arm we're buying a
glassine bag e full of something from
some guy in a dark alley but when their
friends said oh yeah I've got some /
cadets here are happy to take one and
that was relatively safe you know unless
you control the lost control your habit
taking put one broken at one evening on
so and then people got strung out on the
prescription drugs and they trade it
down to heroin because for essentially
unrelated reasons over the same period
the place of heroines been collapsing
when I got into this business ten years
ago milligram of heroin on the street
costs about two and a half dollars and
that was nineteen seventy nine dollars
that numbers now 25 cents Wow so that
was so that's not just a ninety percent
class because the inflation is something
like a ninety-seven percent collapse
it's it's absurd yeah and and and so
when when mr. Trump said that drugs now
cost less to the candy bar that's not
entirely untrue because five milligrams
of heroin if you're a naive user Lenti
for an afternoon and that's the dollar a
hoarders worth
