I'm from here I'm homegrown Staten
Island New York which voted mostly for
Trump I did not never would so I'm a
registered Republican here on Staten
Island and I did support mr. Trump I
don't think he has the knowledge I I
don't think he knows how to maybe handle
the world politics well I think he's
facing a lot of pushback by the
Democratic side I think if everybody
gives him a chance to to do his job you
know we can see trying to keep jobs in
the United States big big plus so far
has been good for business it seems
couple of things he's done with the
regulations and stuff like that I'm
still not sure about the whole
immigration thing that's still up in the
air the ban on terrorists definitely I
think they should enforce it it's
disgusting it's harmful
it breaks families apart it's shameful
I'm I'm ashamed it's a good idea it's
just gonna need to be you know need to
be tweaked the fact with the bedding and
the immigration as far as people coming
from the Middle East I think that's a
good idea I believe because it's Trump
and he's the underdog you know they want
to make more of a big deal you know
mainstream media you know that kind of
thing
I don't consider the news and news
anymore it's just an extension of
Hollywood or whatever you want to call
it it's just that particular stations
version of what they want to the view
that they want to give that day
have a failed president how are we gonna
clean up this mess that is going to be a
disaster I'm afraid I think jobs is the
most important thing putting all out you
know everybody that's out of work into
work helping the economy grow and I
think if you do that well we'll be a
better country let's focus on national
security and then we can focus on the
economy about bringing jobs back here to
the United States get some of these
larger cities working again and you know
make America great
