good morning today's Thanksgiving
morning and we are going to the turkey
trot the only problem good morning
Happy Thanksgiving every year we do this
this is a celebration kind of where we
just show that we're thankful for our
health we go running with the entire
city of Oceanside Vista San Marcos and
surrounding areas so we'll be running a
5k this morning some people run a 10k
it's raining
that's weird because everyone's gonna be
out running today so hopefully the rain
stops before we get out there how are
you doing this morning almost on time
yeah
Hey yeah yeah nobody it doesn't go jet
touch oh oh
it's raining
all right
off to find parking whoo the empty gas
tank
so raise your glass and the sky yeah
like up their slides just after this
service so I'm pushing the stream
most of my time I've been thinking about
this family I miss my cousin
I miss my granny G I miss my auntie
cooking man I never laugh can you press
the hazards please we got hit we got hit
by a car buddy that's all my goodness we
just got into a car accident on
Thanksgiving Day and my mother-in-law's
car
roll down the window so you can hear me
go forward now cut cut this way get
close to this car as possible and
alongside of it yeah a little bit a
little bit further up keep going keep
going keep going keep going keep going
stop cut no not that way the other way
yes keep coming back okay now cut cut
the other way yeah
can I do this you're good just a little
bit okay I think you can do it go slow
though yeah yeah you should go tighter
you should go tighter yeah more and more
and more okay bit birth to back up and
straight no you're good no don't
straighten yet yeah yeah it's bad huh
grandma's car we didn't die you're right
go bit don't touch that please don't
touch that
let it go over there mommy we got to the
race dead last like you were the last
people to show up in life I started to
get irritated because I really wanted to
run with our friends but it's important
to find the silver lining I think
sometimes I forget that it's a privilege
to run the race like finishing the race
makes you feel accomplished but even
running the race is a privilege that car
accident could have happened on the
freeway could have been way worse but it
was a minor accident and nobody was hurt
ultimately I'm encouraged to run my race
I may have not started when you started
or with the same things you started with
but I still have an opportunity to run
my own race and finish
are you an accident yeah we got a car
accident it was it wasn't that bad but
it was bad
mom's carjacker I think I've respected
family friends and purpose I think
you'll put his mercy and His grace the
child never understand alright guys what
happened this morning what happened this
morning when we first woke up he rain
okay and then what
and in the car crash to our car okay all
right Clark
okay so was that a good thing or a bad
thing
what's the lesson going no that's not
the lesson either the lesson is not
usually drive for industry not mature so
the lesson is it's not how you start the
race it's how you finish the race right
oh you're talking about the race I'm
talking about the day we started the
race in the rain the rain looked really
bad that's true what a day right it
looked like we were gonna be cold you
put on our jackets we put on our coats
we had on hoodies and then we saw that
the rain went away but then we got into
a car accident and I was very scary and
dangerous hot right and then
we kept going anyway and we ran the race
that we could run while we were running
a race deal was ready to give up
remember
do want to deal wanted to get in a
stroller ride wanted to get in a
stroller
nobody wanted to run but we kept going
yeah and you gotta been rang but you
also were slow so there were a lot of
things in our way to stop us from
finishing the race but we still finish
the race and what happened
what happened at the end of the race you
saw your friends and you got to play so
the main thing was you got to finish the
race and you got a reward at the end cuz
you got to see your friends so you
always got to run and think about what
happens at the end okay so we just want
to finish the race all right whether
it's good or bad yo thank you for
watching my name is belief I'm a
storyteller husband and father I make
videos about how great it is and how
challenging it is to be a father and if
we stay present how much we can learn in
the process I put these videos up on my
youtube channel belief in fatherhood
where we aim to give hope to mothers for
quit fathers and inspire children doing
it for three years and I think we've
been doing a great job equipping fathers
and giving home to mothers inspiring
children is where we need help so right
now I'm in the middle of a Kickstarter
campaign where we're trying to raise
$75,000 to launch our kids channel and I
like to hire other creative
professionals to get this thing done
we're trying to raise $75,000 we only
have 28 days left so so we need your
support click the link in my description
and support us on Kickstarter for a
one-time donation if you like become a
lifelong extended family supporter you
can actually sign up for our patreon
exclusive membership or right now via
the dot app you can sign up using my
promo code if you link card okay you
have to link a card use my promo code
link a card and automatically you send
$5 my way so that is a free way to give
what I want to create content using my
buddy Frank puppet the track there's no
need for no bass or treble meet up
outside my bathrooms I'm so glad we're
done
people say they do what I do but you
know especially to inspire kids through
hip-hop education art music you know
what I mean so yeah thank you guys for
watching particular QB Network popping
I'd really appreciate your support
have a great holiday season
