it was going on guys my name's believe
from belief in fatherhood actually my
name is Glen this is my wife Yvette and
our baby Anaya we are here today to
discuss a topic that we talked about in
yesterday's video we kind of talked
about yesterday's video and the topic is
why our children will be homeschooled
reason number one is time time okay when
we send our children to school when they
answer about grade school they get about
8 hours of sleep total and then they
spend about seven hours on average in
school they spend about one or two hours
getting ready for school or getting
breakfast and stuff like that they get
home they spend another hour doing
homework then of course dinner you know
so that's another hour we have to
prepare dinner some people when they get
home from work they like to wind down
and things like that so that leaves
about five or six hours to really spend
time being present with your child and
we know that presence comes from a place
of quantity not of quality so you can't
just say hey right now we're gonna spend
quality time it comes from an access
quantity and out of that quantity you
might get a good half an hour hour or so
of quality and that's not even
mentioning if your child may be in
extracurricular activities like sports
or acting or all different types of
things ballet swim all that stuff and so
when you have a lot of these things
going on that means you maybe get like
two or three hours a day with your kid
and when you lose time with your kid you
also lose influence which brings us to
reason number two influence influence
okay I believe that as parents we should
be the main influence over our children
not a teacher who takes a couple days to
remember their name or maybe a month or
two you know what I'm saying like you
never know with class sizes and stuff
like that well nowadays class sizes are
huge so it's what a 1 to 25 ratio yes
what is it
it's like averaging from 35 to 40
depending on what school district you're
in and how come you can say that because
I was a public school teacher right okay
so my wife is a math teacher of public
school math teacher right now she's on a
sabbatical stay at home mom okay so
class sizes are what 1 to 35 you said I
said it's 30 minutes the class size has
ranged anywhere
thirty five to forty thirty five to
forty that's one teacher maybe an
assisting who's never been certified
they're just someone helping out and so
you have these yeah if you have a good
one and so you lose influence and it's
no way that a teacher can really spend
as much quality time going into the
nitty-gritty asking she got to go it's
no way that a teacher can really give
enough time to a student who is
inquisitive and I feel like our children
are super inquisitive and so can I just
say something I'm okay
I think we we don't want to by any means
I mean it I am a public school teacher
so by any means we don't want to
discount public school teachers and the
feat that they've been given because we
try to do our best for each student that
we have by me as a teacher we as in
teachers but it's just the class sizes
are sometimes too large and sometimes
students get overlooked and that's not
something that we do on purpose we do
try but you know I just want to make
sure that we don't come off as trying to
like disrespect yeah the craft yeah but
I have to be honest with you watching
you do it and say okay now I mean you
know my wife wake woke up at around 3:30
she got started to get ready at 4:00
well how long went off at 3:00 I don't
know what I get to work out five five
she get to work at five then she's
preparing she's getting her lessons
plans ready and she's working all
through the day her lunch is being
impeded on because she's got kids
knocking on her door just trying to get
some quality time and get away from the
weirdos and then she's finished work
then she has tutoring and then she comes
home and she grates papers and we said
we suffered from time with her you know
and so as a means to stay on that I'm
seeing her like oh I you know what I
mean like it just was hard for us as a
family now imagine being a kid who just
is looking for someone to talk to
and
she has to decide even gonna eat my
shrimp po-boy sandwich or I'm gonna have
this conversation with this child who
really needs me who's in tears you know
what I'm saying and these things happen
every day especially in the middle
school age that's just a whole nother
thing but and I and I want to say to you
like one of the things I'm most excited
about like about leaving teaching and
coming home is to be able to like have
that influence with my own child like to
spend all that time in that conversation
with my own child and to be intentional
about how I present my lessons with my
own child like it's awesome to be able
to do that for other people's kids but
to be able to do that for our kids it's
going to be such a tremendous blessing
like I have already started looking
through the curriculum and I have so
many ideas and I'm super excited and so
I don't know it's just I think it's
gonna be awesome yeah and then you take
you take into the consideration like you
have Theo you've super inquisitive kid
asking questions like hey why am i black
you know and so say if that was in
school and he asked the teacher hey why
am i black and the teacher may not have
enough time to deal with it so they're
like because your parents are black or
because that's the way God made you like
I still don't feel like that is enough
to articulate what is going on in a
child's mind and so what when they stay
home we can discuss those topics and go
as deep as we want to go without having
these outside influences and and also
like teachers like they come with
different influences themselves you
don't know saying so they believe
different things about different things
and they're gonna teach those things to
your to your two kids not necessarily we
try not to but sometimes it does come
across okay the third reason we chose to
home-school our kids is because of
friends friends every kid comes to the
point where they stop so much caring
about what the teacher thinks and trying
to impress the teacher they care more
about impressing their friends and
friends are great friends are awesome
but some friends have different
upbringing and different thoughts and
different things so you can't really
tell what your kids are being presented
in school with friends and I'll tell you
from the first-hand account and this is
gonna get a little graphic but when I
was six years old in first grade I
remember a female classmate of mine you
know exposing herself underneath the
table to me at 6:00 you know what I'm
saying now you know and don't get me
wrong like I was curious you know but
that curiosity I was spending the rest
of my life trying to tame that curiosity
because it was always something I was
like man like well who else is gonna
show me you know what I mean like I felt
entitled to this thing and so at six
years old that should have been
something I was exposed to the teacher
never found out and she would do it all
the time you know what I'm saying so it
was something where I was like ah man I
had no control over what I was being
presented and my mother my parents
didn't have any idea what I was being
presented and I feel like that's
something that I would like to have more
control over yeah and and a lot of I
think a lot of people are concerned
about the kids being socialized from
being homeschooled but our kids get
exposure to a ton of kids we're always
at the park they know how to introduce
themselves and play with other kids they
are surrounded by our village of people
who have kids themselves and they've
never shown any issue with like
introducing like coming in contact with
new kids yes like they know how to I was
a little shiny split them yeah but I
mean no extreme issues to where it's
like oh my gosh in a bubble and we need
to pop it or whatever and I think it's
it's within our right as their parents
not that we're trying to justify
anything but it's within our rights as
their parents to kind of filter who
their friends are like we can choose
whose friends who our kids are friends
with because we have to eventually
associate ourselves with their parents
so we want to make sure that we our kids
are fellowshiping or interacting on a
regular basis with kids whose parents
are also
in many ways like-minded to us not to
say that our kids can't hang around like
non-christians or whatever but we also
just want to make sure that you know
we're exposing them to you know yeah
well I don't I don't know about that I
wouldn't say it's not so much I need to
know the kid like sometimes they hang
out with kids at the park that we don't
know you know what I mean you know when
you put that many kids together every
single day and they're influenced every
single day by these kids it you don't
know what that means you don't know who
is spending that influence it goes back
to influence yeah and so I can say as a
school teacher from middle school to
high school I've seen students come in
one way I feel burning of the school
year and then by second semester shoot
by the second six weeks they're like
they're already starting to show
different characteristics of who they
are so yeah and I'm not saying that we
need to know that all of our kids yes I
am if our children would like to spend
an extended length of time with certain
kids I do wanna know who their parents
are but um yeah I don't know I just
definitely friends we would do want to
be able to filter their friends so third
reason the fourth reason we chose to
home-school or children is curriculum um
I'm super excited about the curriculum
that we chose I've done I've looked into
a few different ones and then my
sister-in-law was using one and I was
she was really excited about it and
enjoyed the results that she got from it
and so we kind of decided to go that
route but being able to incorporate our
beliefs into the curriculum is really
important and so I'm super excited about
that with the voice
No
you
I wish I would have learned about like
student loans I wish I would have
learned how to balance a checkbook which
I kind of knew how but I don't know I
wish I would have known about interest
rates I wish I would have known how to
like what it takes to pay bills it
doesn't take a lot but it's basic
knowledge it's it's basic knowledge like
creating a budget cooking woodwork
driving oil change changing your tire
mr. Wickham if you're watching this I
don't know if you watch this but he
nutrition tried to teach his darling
human nutrition work ethic that's my
practice like that's all stuff that like
I need to learn this to be alive and my
thing is the curriculum prepares you for
college
it doesn't prepare you for life and so I
feel like we're doing a huge disservice
to our children when the curriculums
most important thing is to teach them
certain knowledge like the periodic
table or Pythagorean thing I don't even
how to say it
Pythagorean theorem right so like that
oh yeah and so they teach us more
knowledge to put in our brain and things
that they think is most important but
they don't teach us how to think just
reasoning okay the fifth reason we chose
to home-school is because our children
are our biggest asset their legacy they
are who you're going to send out into
the world and we want to make sure that
they're prepared so our children our
biggest asset if I'd give you my most
prized possession I give it to you and I
and I let you have it for a certain
amount of time or four years I expect
that when I get that thing back that it
is more valuable and that you know it's
grown in some way I don't really feel
like public school is the best place to
give your greatest possession
I don't really feel like I need to argue
that public school it's kind of like a
glorified babysitter you know sorry I
forgot your teacher for just now what
can I say something right I'm offended
I'm offended I'm not a glorified
babysitter I'm an educator a lifelong
alert feeling knowledge into your
children okay the best I know how with
the resources I'm given baby if you want
underpaid facts facts profession out
there okay mean you're not out there but
very much underpaid so don't call me a
glorified babysitter because that's not
what I am I feel like you're feel like
what you're the test you're giving to do
is almost impossible okay I'm not saying
that I'm saying that the system is broke
not the teachers I'm not disrespecting
the teachers but I think it was ever at
the top I am making the curriculum and
telling really right how to do it and
what to tell your kids and cuz you
really don't have that much I'm just
realizing how disrespectful that
statement was if you're a teacher out
there or an educator my intentions was
not to offend you
I do feel like there's a problem with
the system but I am sorry for how I work
with that that was very good
I apologize freedom when you got in
there you thought you had more power
than you did and you realize you're
giving frickin first speaking first
language spanish-speaking children and
you have to teach them math and that's
almost impossible like you're teaching
another language to a kid that doesn't
say it another way yeah you know
definitely and I've told you this
already I was like you know one other I
used to think I would never wanted to be
a principal I never wanted to be an
administrator I never wanted to do
anything because I felt like I just
wanted to be in the classroom but to be
honest with you this system the system
does suck and this is from Pierce even
to be honest with you the system does
suck and this is from someone who has
worked in the system for years and so I
do believe that we need to like I do
think that we need to take the public
school system demolish it and start all
over and start from scratch start from
what makes sense and so I think a lot of
people are trying to do this with a
common core but I just I just don't know
if we're rolling it out the right way
but um to call us a glorified babysitter
is not right um the bonus the only
backlash I received about doing home
school is that the children won't be
well-adjusted socially and that they
might be kind of weirdos like someone
actually said that to me not all your
kids are gonna be socially awkward now
like I don't care if our children are
awkward like that's not a reason to you
know what I mean like give my kids away
just because I want them to be able to
have a conversation with a stranger or
something you know what I'm saying and
the big thing is to like you here Theo a
lot saying I'm ready to go to school I
want to go to school school school
school he talks about it a lot and I
think that he should be able to go to
school eventually
you know public school but I feel like a
foundation is super important and I
think that's one thing that I liked is
that I don't know if I was ever ready to
go to elementary school because I was
such a follower in the beginning and so
that's why when I'm talking to my kids
and I say you are a leader say I am a
leader like that is important because
you have to start speaking things into
existence even if it's not true yet you
know one of the things Glenn said is
that we want to start out making sure
that they have a strong foundation and
so I know that he's super excited about
going to school and but right now we're
making the decision that he's gonna be
homeschooled and so so anyways right now
we're making the decision to home-school
him but later down the road when we feel
like he's in or right mind to be able to
make a decision about whether he'd like
to be home or go to school we'll let him
do that we'll take it year by year or if
he decides hey I want to go to school
and these are the reasons why I think I
should go
yeah for sure but I'm saying like even
after he's experienced homeschool and
then maybe goes to public school or
private school for that matter after the
year is over we'll say so how would you
like that like do you prefer homes for
public school I will just take it year
by year and whatever he wants to do
whatever he feels like is suited for him
and whatever we feel like we'll
definitely have a conversation about it
you know like I think one of the things
about us is that we don't want to be
like took totalitarian
we we do want to have our children
involved in these decisions and we do
want to make sure that we're having like
an open line of communication about how
we do things here and we always have a
reason behind the decisions that we make
and we want our children to understand
that reason but we also want them to
feel like they have a voice in helping
us not we also want them to feel like
they have a voice in that
decision-making process and sometimes we
don't make the best decisions and that's
just what happens sometimes so yeah
sometimes we don't make the best
decisions and sometimes we do make wrong
decisions for our kids you know what I
mean and sometimes I don't know the
effect I don't know what the effect is
gonna be of my kids being on YouTube I
don't know what's gonna happen when they
go to school or if there aren't
Republicans someone says something about
knowing them like I don't know and so
this very well could be a very bad
decision for my family you know I feel
like the the value it provides and the
freedom it gives other people outweighs
us being recognized in public and
outweighs us being uncomfortable but
they may come a time when we say you
know what relief and fatherhood is over
you know what I'm saying like I don't
like the way these things are affecting
our children our family and those that's
what's most important that's what's most
important is that our family is safe and
that our family is well cared for you
know we start home school next week yep
do you know what home school is where is
home school where is home school home
school is that home buggy yeah you and
mommy are gonna be here and we're gonna
do school here
mommy's gonna be your teacher thank you
guys for watching believers fatherhood
and we will talk to you Monday Monday
Monday
oh nevermind put your hand somewhere
outside oh I got a sent this thing up
okay that's
