she wants to get an idea PSPs I don't
understand the significance of
importance and so I just kind of want to
get a little bit of background from you
bet why it's important for baby to have
a you see now we completely disagree
I think it's fundamentally just
ridiculous
I think it's vain but I think the reason
is because sometimes you'd be looking
like a boy you know Sam and look she has
earrings that I hope people understand
that she's a girl but I don't care about
that game so this is one of those times
where I submit to what she's saying
because it's a preference for her and
it's something that she really wants to
do now that I'm submitting in the
marriage but this is something that she
wants to do though I disagree with it
good hey buddy you'd be nice you stop
telling people what to do you know what
he said to me this morning
he said it's okay if you poop in my
potty you can poop on my body
Thanks
so my whole thing is I doesn't
understand the necessity of putting our
child through pain for our own vanity
it's easier now than later cry if you do
this is not a cry now today when she's
going throughout all that pain and she's
crying real tears it's gonna be a proud
if she doesn't cry if she doesn't cry
okay okay doesn't cry she's gonna cry
yeah I know she is I know my daughter
okay she's going to cry oh they got mad
because you got hit an IED with a dirty
diaper but today I show that of course I
am to the patrons this right here is
feels food he abandoned it because he
said he had to go poop he just doesn't
want to eat you always have this right
here Sara off his pancake
Chronicles of a cinematographer Here I
am in the back of the henries SUV trying
to capture footage of an ayah but it's
crazy bumpy an event almost kill me
twice
Oh
well is it a good idea fair dance she
really should be awake but when you turn
I don't know I don't want to get it too
close to have you good food she grows
and I need you to like this I can't see
your ear I'm sorry let me put my fingers
over it and then you can see where my
fingers if you think that looks stupid
that's fine we're gonna go for it okay
but this year's a little bit thicker but
when she grows up it could stop it out
it could be a go show your brother's
area show them off
oh yeah crybaby what did you see a
husband and a wife having a disagreement
a baby in pain sometimes the things that
we disagree about are made into
mountains and we don't always have to
agree
like my man Pat always says it's not
about agreement
it's about alignment so Yvette and I can
disagree on the small things and
everything can still run smoothly though
this wasn't my desired outcome
everything's still intact and it's not a
big deal I don't always have to have my
way because we are aligned in the same
vision for our family and we're still
ironing out the details of that but one
thing I know for sure is that my wife is
sensitive to things that I'm not
sensitive to and she understands things
I don't and vice versa
there is no winner or loser in an
argument between a husband and wife
because of the team fails we all
big shout out to Darby for capturing all
this footage shoutouts all the patrons
like tiffany-smith make this possible
