what's up baby Theophilus hey we're
gonna take your brothers to swimming
lessons today yeah they're gonna go
swimming you are swimming to huh yes put
your head back
put your head back hey listen listen I
know you don't like the water in your
face which you're okay say I'm okay say
I'm okay
say I say I'm not scared I'm not scared
oh very good all right say I am strong
God loves me okay nothing's gonna happen
to you okay listen to Papa
oh you're doing such a good job you get
that yeah yeah you're doing a great job
everybody in the world nosov
thought of with daddy issues the
processor ran out when they talk about a
gravid issues coming the follicle
another question okay did you like going
to the pool did you like getting your
face way
was it scary and you get a little bit
because how I go missing good job and
you know it's important for us to learn
how to swing on this one
sure well there's no pool right now if
some is ticking that's awesome so
tomorrow we're going swimming again
what's the name of the lady who teaches
you understand
Madison is she nice Wow this swing okay
they let my face under the water
okay we're a we're not get up to the top
I could jump in the pool
jumping the one okay I would imagine my
mom and tonight dad my sister into my
work is brighter that all dusty Hey
riot come here come here come here
what's the name of the guy today what's
the name of the guy that teaches you how
to smile no but did you like them okay
Bauer I don't want to film in your water
okay why my food okay you know we're
going swimming do you like going to swim
no Ryan Ryan do you like going this way
no why thanks Paris so when they first
got to the the pool they were really
scared
yep and now I was not there how it is
you look scared
23 years when they first went into the
water when we first got there they were
really reluctant they were fearful but
over time they got more comfortable now
this is only the second swim lesson they
have eight total so that means you have
six more times to go in there and I
don't know what the actual the goal is
after the end but it's really important
for me for the kids to learn how to swim
I learn how to swim at 8 years old and I
really got inspired to tell this story
after watching one amazingly it's recent
videos all they say black people can't
swim I think it's the name of the video
and I'll link that here yeah I got
inspired to kind of tell the story of my
kids learning how to swim for the moment
because so as as a culture black people
we don't swim where I'm from as much you
know now some of us do you know like I
had friends who've lifeguards and stuff
like that I know that for the most part
we we didn't really learn how to swim I
know a lot of our people were like you I
never learned how to swim or I'm going
that water I don't trust the ocean or
whatever it's not that you can trust it
but you get involved with the water to
have a respect for God's creation you
know
Sandin so inside of the water is so much
freedom of so much peace there and I
just think a lot of people miss out on
this experience because they don't want
or they're scared to learn how to swim
and so to knock this out early it's big
for us as a family
also there's another video of me trying
to teach you about how to swim she
doesn't know how to swim
and so that's actually pretty hilarious
but uh yeah man thanks for watching
girls and guys jump in the water I'm
gonna crush somebody and Erica have fun
and tell my station wet it okay and
you're not going to cry
what you say it I'm not gonna cry oh
crap okay high five
I'm shake on it
