all right so we are celebrating our sure
that you have to do it again how's my
hair look okay so we are celebrating our
seven year anniversary we're going to
hang out stop feed off my grandma's
house hang out talk about a lot of our
issues all right or lack thereof but
whatever we go talk cuz you know where
to get the talk like that
he's gonna talk a lot and so our first
stop is sushi so then I watch babies we
leave this video and they were having a
facial as a family and you have not been
able to get to see out of our mind
everything and forget the read
I was very when she didn't tell me
all right so what's your greatest memory
from our marriage so far I really liked
it yeah I mean I miss me the Bible tells
us not to burn and last looks were super
hot she kept me warm enough I particular
made you want to get into some trouble
have a chick for me to go home and hump
the fellow but all right let's go do
this music to the bezel
I don't take you serious that all your
emotions rise and they fall and you
refused to take of my boss but it's cool
it's cool people say we should call them
when I see your face the perfect
because it's fight and fuss and though
you make this black boy flesh and know
some people call it love garlic ain't
got there ain't enough and this all good
it's all great love
my
I asked her why she do the things you do
so that's how God me but I don't make
you crazy
okay so first I'm going to go to patreon
because you know the patrons of the
bottom what's this several remaining is
very key for me
yeah yes what else use another okay
do you think it is possible to marry too
soon age why I was 23 you were 25 oh I
do think I just think it depends on
maturity lipids on a person I think some
people believe that next question how
involved should parents be in dating
marriage and dating / marriages how long
do you wait for parental approval all
right
on one hand you say no you don't wait I
wasn't always for my mom to tell me
anything or my dad to tell me anything
but then you think about your kids yeah
probably cause a parent maybe when I
wasn't up here and I'd be like you don't
listen but now I feel like I would have
a certain level of discernment that my
cooking should pay attention I don't
think you have oh my goodness I don't
what I don't what I don't think you have
it why explain yourself because you're a
hater you got all you got advice for
everybody else relationship but you
married me you don't saying I didn't I
think you made a bad decision but we
didn't have nothing planned next
question whatever I shouldn't even
answer the question
they asked about parents will approval
okay so I definitely think that you
should listen to what exactly your
parents do be that's a hard question
that is a hard question I don't know if
we have enough years to answer that what
what wasn't where is it
um was one way you two have stayed
intentional about caring for one another
amongst having children jobs and
commitments etc
I think we I don't think we stayed
consistently intentional like we believe
that we have had seasons of
extensionality so and those ways are
just being very intentional about
scheduling great night for me making a
choice to like choose ones and the boys
more work like I think glynn choosing to
miss out on opportunities to be with us
or bringing me along with them
even though it means I won't get paid
yeah I think it means like sitting down
on people's couches rather than trying
to get over stuff on our own yeah people
wiser than this being in fellowship with
VJ or fad just amazing question I love
this question your relationship really
works but you two do have some stylistic
differences how do you know when to push
blend styles or back down that is a
really good question
blends ideas are usually better so
sometimes it's way easier right
obviously that can say that but it
depends on what it is I feel like
sometimes when takes my ideas but a lot
of times I feel like I find it's Provost
well I feel like I feel like what's the
difference between us is like a lack of
um a lack of um
like you grew up differently than I do
you know Sansa your ways and maybe more
traditional and thought more I don't
know like
I don't know I'm just always seeing the
opposite view I feel and so you know
that there's really no one answer for
anything but I feel like you know like
the time you know the stinking thing you
know saying like that was like your way
was better it was a better idea you know
saying I feel like I'm more bendable
though right you say that the other
thing I'm bendable I already know we're
talking about I think I need an example
because it probably differs from
different things yeah I guess I think a
lot of times though we will hear each
other out so I can answer the question
of when do you close it's when you
really believe in something yeah right
and then when you plan style this when
you see that there's room for like
blending oh boy
is there a moment when it's like know
what I don't I don't care if you're
right or wrong I'm doing what I want to
do we definitely add those in our
marriage never neither I don't know if
he's right or wrong mostly times is
wrong you definitely should come to an
agreement I feel like yeah yeah whether
you're pushing blending or backing down
where do you want to do this next Q&A
part when we leave here because I don't
want to stay here anymore it's cold
that's why I buy a sweater
they realized
this morning I got an address and I
asked them to get the boys trip right a
vote both turn around just turn around
turn around
what look at this shirt it's on
backwards and he's wearing mismatched
socks
