okay so just be quiet real quick please
all right so what we're going to do
today is Steel hasn't had his hair
washed in months it's been a while it's
kind of a low point in parenting for me
but it's all good so right now we're
having swim videos doing swimming I'm
going to show you guys that stuff soon
but because he's doing swim I can't
really wash his hair now but I want to
rent it because I know that it smells
high idea hold on okay so what we're
going to do we're going to use Bragg's
organic apple cider with the mother in
it and then we have baking soda which is
going to help cleanse the hair and then
we have some lavender oil now when I was
looking online a specific recipes for
this I couldn't really find it it was
all up and down as a bunch of different
things and certain things for dreads was
things it was all types of stuff so I
just decided to guesstimate so that's
what I'm going to do here I have a
shampoo basin and I got this online
gotten off of Amazon there's no reason
why you need to touch that whatsoever
okay
this um it's just going around it okay I
need you guys be quiet this right here
the sample basin stop stop stop
back up this right is a shampoo basin
and basically what it is it's kind of
hello that you can wash someone's hair
like so if you have like LGBT
Hofstra if you had so that's pretty much
it and so we're going to start that
process right now I remember as a kid
going to the barbershop but when my mom
went to the hairdresser there was always
a lot of discussion and that's why I
like doing my son's hair because I have
their ear the conversation is free we
can talk about whatever they want to
talk about just the time for me to stop
everything to focus and be present and
listen to whatever it is they have to
say so I love them I read an interesting
comment disputed the comic said you
should allow your kids to grow up in
size to have your locks not just for
them that's valid but their hair is
their crowns
it gives them personality characters and
it's easily identifiable I did decide to
add a little bit of it right Bo you
podcast
well did you pass that yeah oh come here
I'm doing these things could be a short
but I know in the long run what they'll
remember is the conversation hopefully
they appreciate the times we took to do
this the things we discussed their
dreams their goals their future or just
their now you're gonna make your hair
smell good buddy come on why do you not
want your hair to smell good you want
your hair to smell like poop
I wanted to know like hey mommy can you
please buy me a bunny because knowing
the bunny
why because I'm the dunny want you to
pay huh no where am I getting a dog okay
I'm talking about blooding level do you
like money
what are you're so cute Oh Allegiant
everybody don't bite I am bunnies don't
bite the net don't bite
water my guess as I'm like that um water
and my mi mi and my ears okay Theo Theo
lay down first of all you have water in
your ears all the time when you go to
the pool okay okay to have one yeah okay
that's fine but right now we're washing
your hair and sometimes water gets in
your ears it's not that big of it okay
yeah yeah
yeah this is fun session 10 this was
supposed to be a tutorial on how to do a
CV rinse but it didn't quite work out
that way in the length I forgot to show
the results even though there wasn't
really anything to show this is just us
naturally how we are normal not perfect
irritated tired cranky but we're we
thank you for joining us along our
journey
that smells yeah this is smell like fry
both don't jump dolt
so just stop doing that I remember you
fell when you crying I just looked at
you under that I give you no sympathy
I'm having to ask you way too many times
pick you up now and take you into being
crap down oh when is your problem what
is your problem what's your problem
there's something smells that ania ania
deceitful explosive she asked because
this smell is
see the point is when the kid is
malfunctioning and I have an attached
room they removed themselves from the
common area you know what I'm saying we
don't you know we don't have them set a
time out on the corner anything like
that around here they remove themselves
and when they come back together they
bring themselves to a calm moment then
we can all be in the same room together
again you're not I'm saying we're not
going to allow that behavior to kill the
vibe of the room you know I mean yeah I
don't know how hard I've been trying to
get this video out it's been all types
of mishaps and things in the way but
finally it's out to you and I hope you
enjoy it this last little part right
here is the reason why it just took a
little bit longer we're a hit so and I
was working a dove flew inside the
garage went behind my washer and dryer
and then went underneath like the dryer
and I had to like poke it out with a
stick and a flew everywhere and it's
scary I wonder how I even got in here
come over
what
