the FedEx guy just came to our door and
I saw him come through the window and so
all I know if he had a knife wait what
are you doing I want to see what it oh
come on if you had a nice sized box
that's that KitchenAid on it guy is
Allah is like somebody's gonna steam it
you know we don't matter
oh look at the baby a live with the baby
day oh my god do you see my it's
teaching you it's just standard
Christmas oh my god come on come on come
on we're unboxing it okay yeah it is a
process baby wasn't going to stand the
queue yeah oh man I got oh oh my
Britney's coming up
you lost it it's for your birthday
are you serious yes you boxes this oh my
god
my wife likes to make here
you bet has been asking for this for Oh
I didn't buy that KitchenAid synesthete
from Best Buy this is the whole Best Buy
bastard okay yeah
so this lever lift it up this mister so
it mixes like DVD can appreciate do it
you are not allowed to play with this
unless you're Superman and walks in mom
what is so so it's go red so that's a
birthday present will introduce the
universe Gifford this facilitated
facilitated good mom you got it for my
birthday
come to find out this box I got it
400 you know just around the time and
she said I didn't say that she know if
this was a birthday happy birthday you
came to know I saw the guy well
consoling our agreement ok Cantonese box
not many here in England goes number
like a yard it's all over you
finest ingredients are right in the mix
everyone has their own style of cooking
my style is more unorthodox no rules
just experimenting my wife on the other
hand is precise
essentially focused the WHA styles are
different to complements the yin and
yang and our marriage
don't let Thomas I'm often lalala she
brings me back to structure to joy to
sweetness to fun I don't even like kick
but it's funny how all these ingredients
put together make something undesirable
good family is made up of different
characters that's called them
ingredients when you add them together
at the right time it's the right mixture
the right intention the right focus this
family can be what brings a sort of
sweetness into someone consider
situation now I'm not saying this a
piece of cake because it's hard making
these ingredients together to make
something great takes time sometimes
it's not always pretty even though you
can sugarcoat it so the question is what
are we making or making joy we're making
peace while making this labors of travel
masterpiece only created when you have
the right ingredients it's just a little
food for thought
