I know you guys Mr chocolate babe you
guys want to see regular episodes and I
got you but I have to tell you where
I've been I went to play this live from
like Thursday to Sunday then on Monday I
flew home it was my birthday I dropped
out in that day Tuesday I went to clamor
con so clamor con was the first of its
kind it's a place where only youtubers
are there and it's by invite only and so
there were no fans it was completely
different vibes from playlist live and
it was amazing some of my imaginary
friends became real-life like Evelyn
from the Internet's
yeah and why a month but you just called
a while marinated and also amazingly I
got to hang out with them again in Lille
Turtles world it was great meeting with
them slicing rice Andrew Edwards we were
all together and it was like a place
where you just kind of got to talk
mingle Network understand get to know
question there was no hierarchy for
instance when I met people that
playlistlive it was like hi how you
doing how many subscribers do you have
oh you only have 20,000 and I got a
million you know what I'm saying like it
was like that type of vibe Clemmie
Carter was totally different it was just
like hi what do you do what kind of
channel do you do what how can I add to
what you're doing do you have any
questions can I can I help you so act
lemak on I got to learn more about
investing into product sponsorships
YouTube algorithms the ways to
effectively collab safeguarding your
brand it's it's a lot of stuff
Clemmie Connors around by two lawyers
they just want to help Internet
entertainers do a better job shout-out
to Clement hope I'm invited next year I
can't wait to go back and if you have
the chance to go I suggest you go to
Clement con this is a good way to
network be a part of a bigger movement
and the best part about it is I didn't
get to leave the family home I got to
bring the family with me we all hung out
in the hotel room mostly the whole time
because my kids like the hotel rooms
they like hotels that's just what they
do so we spent a lot of time in a hotel
here's some of that footage
and when we dig it out we went to get
air which the trampoline place of course
we had a great time there I got to hang
on my brother Joe from Ace B and it was
just very inspiring I'm realizing now
that in YouTube that I can't just do
this alone and so I've decided to kind
of partner with may sleep and we're
doing this thing called parents low-key
and basically we're dropping content to
get so right now at the end of this
video you can check out maze leaves
experience at clammer Khan and the kids
really enjoyed themselves they got to
play with balloons I actually fell in
love with this young lady named Kiki who
has her own YouTube channel and he was
like really wanting to see her like all
the time no no the boys let's watch and
I'll braid her dresses like Transylvania
you just want to say hi okay I'll make
sure you get to say okay I try to hook
it up for you
you want to go to your house why do you
want to go to your house are you guys
having fun at the hotel cool job right I
can't how I can't have fun half my real
hotel why I level is like crying and an
IU is just gorgeous of course I'm just
really encouraged I know I said that
last video but I just want to explain to
you how encouraged I am to be doing what
I'm doing and so people kept asking what
is my goal with YouTube it is like I
want to get a million subscribers do you
want to get this that and I know you
guys know I feel about subscribers
they're great they're cool but that's
not really the goal the goal is to
changed the respect of fatherhood and
stop making progress with like Homer
Simpson and Peter Griffin so when you
see me here talking to fathers whether
they're black they're Asian they're
white or whatever just know that that's
the main goal is to elevate fatherhood
to elevate the family to bring peace but
some of us have unrest and what we feel
guilty moving from shame is talking
about our families so this is a two-fold
thing administers to me as well and I'm
excited that I get to share everything
I'm sharing with you if you want to
follow us along on a deeper turn and get
longer videos you can do like a does and
the rest of the patrons feature and
alcohol for slash vif bring you to the
longest videos and able to get your name
at the end of the videos these guys last
month I try to do they failed horribly
and so what I'm going to now is I know
that I could do every day I won't do it
as well so what I want to do is three
days a week Monday Wednesday Friday
you're going to catch videos for me at
9:00 a.m. Monday Wednesday Friday that's
three times a week that's triple x and
chocolate babies that's mad melanin from
face family vibes and love music and
openness and staff all right y'all I'm
out don't forget to keep your network
popping and protect your life also check
out my new album and fatherhood
number six on the hip hop shots on
iTunes and it's available for streaming
now on Apple music Spotify title
anywhere else where they do that thing
alright so I'm out right now I'll talk
to y'all so peace
