I'm kind of waiting for the next moment
to share the next single with you I
change the name of my albums to in
fatherhood instead of father figure I
feel like now it's a perfect time to
share with you a song that you guys been
asking for for a minute which is called
your okay so here that is no one told me
a beat is good no one said I had this
much fun with you they all told me about
the hot time but they said nothing about
the miracles look this all good no
matter what you may go it's all good
father rose to take me through this all
good just know that you're right with me
it's all good even if you have fights
with me it's all good you're okay you
okay you all right I'm all right
and there's nothing you'll ever do to
push me away I will be right I will stay
I will
look what you did your name system mr.
don't worry about hard y'all become
history
look at all this Tommy guy won't last
forever as long as we're together I
never only you've ever anybody or let
you down I'll always just keep us let me
pray for you what I'm praying for you
got plans for you I'm example of man
food that's a lot of weight oh that's a
lot only oh that was either side that's
a glass-half-full clay and pop and I'm
just walking with your footsteps I later
on I'm in walking with Jesus stepping up
here that sweaters leather for the
different battles when don't you just
eat whatever is the positive cuz nobody
stop no type of date you get going me
now no phantom I also be one place okay
all right never do this with me I will
be right I will
I will stay
I couldn't see him like he was no water
yeah he was underneath like all the way
in
