so we are just leaving the house about
310 headed up the coast we're just going
to take a minute to just kind of get
away well what are we really getting
away from we got the whole squad back in
the bank event pumping so she gets
beaten aya we're going to go watch the
sunset at a very nice location and my
buddy Sam let me borrow his drone so
he'd get it dope epic shot at sunset and
a nice freaking out it's not too excited
about what's going on right now
hopefully we can call member we should
grab a bite to eat you want to pull up
Yelp baby I'm real desperate so though
this is not like jackin the-box
you always look at the dollar signs on
Jim Bob I said I would give it as I
think you might be another school but I
fell it occurred to me I just want to
know the GoFundMe money is not being
used to purchase a new publication on
the way here was hey orders find
somewhere to eat from Yelp she said
woody what I said no I'm not jacking
about some to attack
so she goes McDonald's laughter that's
just like Jack in a while today she buys
this place and this port is the crab
cakes
thirty to thirty two dollars
I ordered a burden where Yogi's like
seventeen dollars it was kind of unlike
the Midway see what is $32 in crab cake
well I got water I'll tell you this I
figure if we're going to come out and
have a good time we might as well just
you know and this is why this is why we
don't go anywhere this while all of the
deals are shot in the house this is why
our life is the way it is and you know
what we got a baguette we got a basket
Orioles in there and that's the way you
can put the rest of the trip don't you
let me talk
we have a meal and the price I've always
been cheap right
I've always been kind of cheap even on
our first date
I had a Starbucks card and that's how I
took the round on my first day five
dollars on the Starbucks car I hope to
god she didn't order anything more than
five bucks but I wouldn't been able to
cover it
I was completely drunk I work for Briggs
anything America a miracle
yeah you can work for miracles I made
five hundred dollars a month being like
a tuturro
and I'm not even like smart like that so
who knows what I was teaching these kids
shoes all buddy water so that's in the
vlog right here on this piece of white
or what's left
