to all of our imaginary friends I want
to say sorry
see that's why I didn't do one of these
fix things so everybody say hi hi oh
yeah you're right right in your
tutorials that right now is not the time
to you gonna do this alright when asking
see I tried hush oh you try make it seem
like it's my fault
will you could I'm trying to gear up the
project for electric please
I'm sorry Union conclude I know but just
let me finish what's up you know me all
the time just like it right there
listen guys so I want to tell you guys
what happened yesterday after we go to
days ago we left hand shared house we
packed up our stuff in the did yesterday
we were to decided to come up to Santa
bollocky we were going to go to the
Grand Canyon I didn't realize it was
eight hours away so I said no we're not
going to the Grand Canyon so where
should we built looks like five I was
trying to figure out what we were going
to do probably we're going to do is
they're going to set of Auditor awesome
cool we stopped at Victoria Beach all
the way up to Santa Monica because my
buddy Sam Larry bar was drone and we
were hanging out there in the family and
the Sun was setting and so we were going
to get like really cool sunset shot all
this great stuff happened on the way up
there really funny stuff then we get up
there
the drug didn't work because I didn't
update the app and you're I almost
drowned and I had to save his life but
Wow
your riot was drowning I was I had my my
gimbal and the gimbal
got wet when I went to go scoop them up
basically there was a huge wave that
came here right I was trying to run away
and I was not paying attention and so
the wave got Uriah deal ran it was fast
your riot was not so the wave got your
riot I was watching the sunset with my
elbow and then I hear like this ah I
turn around and your right is God he's
completely God and I have to stop and
look because I knew that when the water
got lower I would see him and he was
rolling around in the water so I scooped
him up I grabbed him and I kind of like
waited or whatever put my my phone and
my Maya gimble got soaked with sand with
the assault water so my phone is
completely gone like it's dead and I
have so much footage on there but the
kid is fine like the kid is fine right
come here right come here
he had this cap on because he has sand
in his hair still we wash his hair but
it still sanderson and it was getting
him his eyes and was freaking out what
happened yesterday no yesterday at the
peach were we watching a sunset what
happened
you cried yeah because you've gotten a
wanted wave got you they do Papa save
your life yeah I saved your life huh say
thank you
no you didn't you look anyway so I'm
going to go to a repair store and see if
they can recover all the footage because
it's like really good stuff I want to
show you guys and I was going to like it
so much but I need your patience so I
probably won't be dropping anything else
until after this phone gets fixed so I'm
going to go find somewhere today who can
repair it and see if I can please get
the footage off of it
I'll probably just view without a file
in a while but I'll try to keep the
touch with you guys as much as possible
and enjoy ourselves while we're here
all right oh by how many elves will I
take some ad else this week
