Patrick Lynch and I'm a husband doing
amazing wife's name Chandra and a daddy
of six six daughters which is always
funny whenever people ask if I have kids
and then they hear that I have six kids
and then six daughters on top of that
I'm a senior pastor of a church in San
Diego California really for the most
part I think trying to find my way
through all these different roles of
being a husband and a dad being a pastor
in a church trying to balance everything
going on in all these different worlds
as father and husband led is really
difficult
I want you to tell tell me about each
member of your family
these are once and things like just to
describe because you say you have six
daughters you have an amazing life but I
want you to describe each person Oh in
any particular order uh oldest to
youngest well I'll start with my wife
first one sentence honey yeah one
sentence if you can yeah my wife is the
most gifted faithful loyal hard-working
down-to-earth solid person I think I've
ever come across in my entire life my
oldest
Makana uh Kalani is 18 highly
intelligent creative persistent
tenacious Kalani is my 15 year old sweet
16 coming up here in a couple weeks
one of the most observant wise beyond
her years kind of old soul deep deep
well of stuff in that girl she's
probably listening right now she's
spitting image and Kaleo Lani is
my 13 year old wildly creative I love
this quiet introvert very intelligent
very sensitive and aware of the things
around her which I love and Makai is our
12 year old
it's a firecracker full of life
spunk she's the littlest one of the
family she's not big in stature but
she's gonna make up for at heart and
that kid will come at you like a spider
monkey man I love her she's just
tenacious and I love it she has no quit
in her Camila Lani Oklahoma Juana is our
six-year-old and she is full life
she's the boss she wants to handle
everything she's not afraid of much I
love her fearlessness I love her ability
to love life and laugh with her two
front missing teeth and she brings a lot
of joy and happiness to us our
soon-to-be two-year-old khalad Nui
Oh Kalani is joyful she's extremely
extremely persistent in what she wants
and she's brought a lot of joy to our
family late edition but she's she
brought a lot of joy to our family and
we're still trying to figure her out so
we'll see what happens with it go to do
something like that you see any yeah
thanks pregnant Union say excuse me but
where do you go to
they say like you'll look up and then
she's you know like just yesterday has
had the baby announces yeah how just
yesterday it was you know that makes any
sense I can kind of really sorry oh you
can start yeah I think you know our 18
year old is wrapping up her senior in
high school she's worked really really
hard she's an exceptional student and
Makana is just a driven kid and I think
of the dad I think every parent faces
the very cliche you don't realize that
you do you're six weeks away from her
graduating and but it just seemed to
happen so fast you know I remember
living in Oceanside where we grew up in
a little 600 square foot duplex and
bringing her home and she walked at an
early age she talked very intelligently
at an early age which was early signs of
probably her IQ that put her in the
position she's in today but it was like
it was yesterday it was it was it was it
was yesterday in my mind in my heart I'm
beginning to fill the way of the
distance
like in my mind the memory is like so
clear she's just - my first of my six
daughters and she used my baby in but in
my heart it seemed so distant because I
look at him now and I just go gosh you
know I begin processing in my own in my
own life like how much did I just not
pay attention to things that maybe I
should have and how much did I blow past
moments like that were just really
important moments that I could have
captured in my life with her and so
there's this weird wrestling match this
tension inside of me thinking about as a
father like was I a good father did I
did I stop long enough did I did I spend
the time I needed to deny
I feel like today I'm trying to capture
every moment that I possibly can with
this kid who's going to be gone out of
our homes who's such a huge part of my
heart
I just I I'm very aware like I can't get
I can't get it back
and I don't think I've been a perfect
father at all and start contemplating
things you regret things that you could
have handled different and it makes me
grateful for today it makes me kind of
relax a little bit and enjoy her today
as an adult and Trust the parenting we
did do and I guess the hardest thing is
you got a lover by
you have to trust what it is that God's
put in her and yet a lot of I let her go
you know I think that's the prospect
that every parent has to feel and I
don't think it makes us special I think
this is a just the real story of of life
of change things that grow and seasons
you know
I could get it all out now what did you
thought I look at the baby who's 21
months and in hindsight I think guy you
kind of compare like the idea of this
potentially being the last baby in the
new look at your oldest one and how
things are so different like I think
there's more doting on the little one
more coddling I think Makana being the
firstborn I don't know if God designs
the firstborn this is something innate
men like she's had to acclimate it she's
almost been like her guinea pig child
like our pilot child so then in any yeah
being the oldest in different school
setting she's been in mainstream she's
been in home school she's been in you
know she's had to migrate with us in
different homes so watching her kind of
adjust to that whereas I think the other
those younger ones probably I don't know
they don't adjust as well I don't know
Makana has a lot of grace being the
oldest and so I try not to live a life
of regrets like we should have done this
with her you know we shouldn't have done
this like we became parents because of
her and so we on that journey of
parenting like she's been just as
flexible with us you know she used to be
like she was my buddy so I would carry
her around everywhere like a like a
little spider monkey so even now taking
her up to different schools and watching
her like I kept getting glimpses of her
how she was younger just it was
overwhelming for her on campus and it's
becoming a reality to her so I almost
resorted back to like how did I care for
her when she was younger how did I
respond so I felt myself even on campus
like wanting to draw her closer and like
I can't take
sing her like she would be in a
different session like are you okay what
are you thinking because they're always
your little girl or little boy and so
even though she's grown up you know fast
forward 18 years it changes but it's the
same yeah and I yeah
