why did you watch a crack I was yeah
your mom said that yeah because that's
what that's why she want me to come out
Oh mommy put you in timeout what did you
do and then Bowl because I like what you
put the tissue in the bowl you were
playing with your paper towel in the
milk okay we've been having this weird
thing happened with our stove we really
haven't had to make food for this whole
past month because the network is so
poppin they've been begging us meals
like every two or three days our friends
and family have been bringing us like
meals because like once you have a baby
like people just feed you in magic we
just got the stove a year ago so it
turns on when you turn the burner on but
it never heats up so yeah it doesn't
actually heat up like it doesn't like
function and so we have a really close
friend to lose next to us and we've been
like using her so oh yeah are you doing
put up this white paper Wow hopefully
this doesn't take too long
oh wow yeah
oh my god no it's not dog food okay good
I would not
ah my Whitby me
today we have a photoshoot with Dom
remembered um so I have to do the kids
here today so I have to go get a garage
door opener
get some twisting locking gel for their
hair I'm going to do feels hair today
and that's pretty much deal a your eyes
heads and that's pretty much what's
going to happen what's cool about doing
their hair those we get to have like the
illest movie playlist ever so I'll just
go to like you know iTunes or I'll go to
red box and grab like a bunch of
different like movies to watch ah
awesome thank you so this is stuff for
your hair buddy
we're gonna use some some locking java
twist your hair I just need something
okay get off get off me get off me
no it's time to go home though oh and
I've been I'm thinking that no one I
that sugandha Wow because it's time for
you to get your hair done
you're gonna get it you're going to get
your hair washed steal the other the leg
get this hair was
oh I bet he'd rather taking that thing
his hair was do you rather go to sleep
yeah you wanna go sleep projec you lies
forgot to close thank you off your face
let's go if you throw up I'm gonna be
mad why were you crying because I don't
want to water am I here I know what you
were crying like you were about to die
because you were getting your hair wash
yeah Oh Andy yeah it's funny how like
confident you're talking right now not
fighting an Iron Man job and it's fun
you if you ask I would die if you and me
get done I can't
I don't mean to brag right now but I'm
freaking killing it
twisting deals here your rise over there
chillin quietly I got inside out on the
laptop and rocking the baby with my foot
pedal here dad skills guess some what
has he been doing what are you doing I
told you that to document himself but
she's naked so she is breast pumping and
doing her hair and ironing clothes all
at the same time pumping her breast with
both feet doing our hair with one hand
and ironing with the others apparently
mom skills are way better than dads
Oh
