good morning chocolate baby what you're
dressed you just wake up on did you
shower yeah oh my gosh is that a hug for
me
thank you we want out a park or
something we have to get out of the
house are you guys excited about our
rental car here Wow
you like it and our friends let us
borrow the car seats yeah so now you
have car seats yay thumbs up alright so
we're in a dilemma right now I think
Emma are you in a dilemma no cameras on
you and so we were all chilling here
today at the park okay for here
everyone's having a great time and so
it's a guy who starts walking this way
apparently he looks lit out of his mind
and this guy walks over and just falls
asleep right under the bus slide first
he was looking in Janae's vehicle man if
I'm gonna go ask him if you got the keys
Hong Kong cuz you really never know
what's going on here so who won't call
the police
is that so nice to see them all holding
hands a while back Seiler didn't wanna
hold your right hand and your right
feelings got hurt so they got that all
reconciled and that's pretty nope hey
I'm gonna go over here and talk okay so
the thing is about trials and
tribulation right a long time ago nas
where my favorite rappers put out an
album called Illmatic and on that album
was a song called the world is yours I
know that technically the world doesn't
belong to me but I know that the world
that I control which is my feelings and
my circumstance and how I deal with
tribulation ultimately I'm in control of
that and so sometimes bad things happen
a lot of things that are happening in
this world right now
that seemingly like hope and they are
horrible but it's only a few things that
I can control and one of those things
that I can't control if I deal with
trials and tribulations I know that no
matter who the president is or if
something happens
in the country I can't control I know
that then my kids world is going to be
intact because they don't they don't
know about the restaurant world they
only know about your world and so we
have complete control over our world and
what we allow to affect it I know that
all together we gonna make it out
remember to smile
keep smiling during times during times
of trials and tribulation they found my
part and he's about to touch me video
you might have incredible video the guy
who took it and was like if you know who
this is the second time you know wait
before you start celebrating this is a
false alarm the police actually didn't
find the car they found surveillance of
the guy who took the car because he
swiped events card so for you start the
sauce alone are you serious yeah
what riot what are you screaming for
okay can you never scare me like that
again he's about the tattoo video way
Mitch this is the fool who took our car
I don't recognize him do you recommend
he even had a dog in our car where is
that that's the Circle K where is it
asshole I want to find the guy to say
hey man what were you thinking why are
you like so bad who are you hey baby
find the car no are you crawling back
they found the guy my god I'm sorry I
thought you found the car yeah
okay well I'm glad I chose not to die
anyway well you have yeah no he's not uh
so we don't have the card I thought we
had the car I'm sorry yeah
buster you buster it looks like
everything I wrapped up on that song is
happening today as the day is for
grateful okay guys until next time the
family run good we are all intact
hey guys say apple pie uh bye
