yo last week I did a wedding and I got
paid and I took some of that money and I
put it towards a camera this is my
camera I got a new camera so Sony rx100
v really excited about that camera and
so I told myself that if I ever got a
camera I would put out more content I
would be you know available in able to
put out more content if I had a camera
and then last night I was on the
internet and I watched some of Evelyn of
the Internet's the non linker page up
here her YouTube live where she talked
about not doing Veda and I was like what
the heck is Veda and I found up with
Veda was and it's vlog everyday in April
and I was like yo Veda is a thing and
that's dope and I'm going to do Veda and
this is this is Veda
so vlog every day in April I will be
putting out a piece of content on
YouTube that is single day and I'm so
excited and I don't know what I'm going
to do I don't even know how long it's
going to last i'ma try to do the whole
month and yeah and it also gives you an
opportunity to see Anne is she's
changing so much like she went from like
super super like masters getting her
melanin that should get her melanin and
that's awesome basically today isn't
really a vlog it's just an announcement
about tomorrow's vlog which will
probably what Sunday's are about for the
most part tomorrow's vlog is a you know
I had this this altercation with Theo
and I'm like determined that he's gonna
get a spanking and my wife disagrees
with me and so tomorrow you'll see
snippets of how she kind of talks me
through her reasons why she doesn't
think it's appropriate and they get a
spanking and then I have a discussion
with him about his behavior and it's a
learning experience for me which is you
know something that usually happens here
but it's definitely I definitely change
my mind you know and so as parents we
have this power
it's not only a power but it's like this
authority to discipline and I'm learning
more and more how there's like other
routes to go and that sometimes spanking
isn't the best route and the problem is
I use that as my primary like my go-to
because I know it works automatically
and so um yeah tomorrow's episode is
more like just this one scene this very
long extended scene it will be longer
for the patrons where I just have this
discussion about you know I'm like
determined to take my kid and my wife is
like you know this is why this is a bad
idea
and uh yeah so thank you guys everyone
who supports the channel horrible
watches everybody on Facebook and
Instagram thank you guys for watching
and I'm going to try my best to knock
out these episodes and give you the most
authentic experience of belief in
fatherhood then I can as I always should
but yeah like yeah I don't think we're
speaking to the issue of the heart
I think we're speaking to this is what
happened so I'm going to pop you though
I do it again but it's going to happen
again because my job as daddy is to
protect everybody
