riot please hurry up buddy I know but
you're singing and stomping and all that
that means you're not focused what's up
y'all
sorry a little late do you I had to
finish eating breakfast before we can
start alive see you looking at me who's
looking at you you oh yeah I am so
what's the big news deal a big news
how do you what's the game called ah
Jenga yeah why are you pooping a ping
did you pee on the floor
okay wash your hands come on yo yo yo
all you have to do is go pee and come
back oh what's up y'all to do anything
move your water - thank you for this
bleep I've been in the trash from the
bird's eye so I'm gonna try to teach
these kids how to play Jenga it's gonna
be super frustrating because I'm using
frustrated
thank you so much for staying up this
yeah I can see my glasses on me no I
can't see it my glasses oh oh oh what's
taking so long
Ryan Bo come on man right would you turn
off the light you question toilet yeah
did you is YouTube my main source of
income yes what I generate from YouTube
is our main source of income that is
like it's not like YouTube advertising
running ads on my main and that's not
true
okay so you guys want to help me help me
if I'm I don't know if I'm going to be
explaining this right but basically I do
okay so this is the object of the game
listen you listen okay look everybody
has one turn okay okay listen you don't
even know what you got to do yet the
object of the game is to not make the
tower fall over okay
so you can't let the tower fall over
what you have to do is you have to take
a piece from the middle or the side of
the tower the tower and put it at the
top like that okay and everybody takes a
turn and so we all keep moving it and
whoever it falls over on loses the game
and be all laugh at it's a block I said
Blok sorry
so everyone takes one block okay but you
want to go first
what okay feels gonna go first named
Uriah you want to you can take it from
the like from three rows now okay so you
can't take it from the top three roads
you gotta take it
these rows down anywhere you want I'll
answer some questions
very good oh good job Rio oh okay now
look you're - and you knock it over when
you hit the table you lose
hold on buddy hold on buddy
hello buddy don't hit my elbow while I'm
doing my thing here okay let's see what
we gonna do it right that's me right
there
Papa went deals your turn don't touch
the table more questions wherever you
want but you got to be careful cause if
you're not gonna grow than laughing his
name is Uriah we call the riot riot
books not hitting the table man good job
BOC Plessy okay so now look so now the
tiles the blocks have to go opposite so
they now they go like that okay all
right right bow your turn yeah oh no you
got to turn it that way yeah you go
right someone else is your rise named
Raya or your right it's your right but
we come right but we come on your right
right all right well you are in volume
when they got me feel silky feel the
okay the offals was a nice names that we
call her ugly I am NOT a nice huh and
and I am shy so it's my turn now please
don't hit the table cuz I don't want to
lose all right yeah I'm gonna go right
here
yes sir
all right now is Theos turn all right oh
you are going to knock it over
I was for the last piece from the bottom
and it didn't fall I don't believe you
kairi kairi rival rival don't punch it
is your brother's turn oh my gosh go go
yeah good job okay every time I go every
time we do a whole round I'm gonna
answer a question right n okay DJ Chen
bye that'll look like the right one Bret
oh my gosh
I think it was your fault maybe cuz I
was celebrating makes me nervous
dancing I got his knees knockin over
here alright that's why I lost
yeah I can't believe this I can't
believe that I lost thank you guys so
you don't like what you you don't like
me using me neither did you want to lose
I can't believe I freaking lost man I'm
embarrassed
this is embarrassed all right guys
neither I can't believe I lost either
all right doesn't get some water get to
take a water break tickets it for water
I'm trying to sweat over here is
whatever anybody owns my one no thanks I
got mo you got my lon
hey from San Diego we're in San Diego
area move that over money okay
lick your fingers yeah that's a really
good strategy there
all right field he's your turn buddy
that money okay do you eat yeah I am
turning half turn my accent I was
training oh yeah Wyatt know by boat try
to find a one yet softer that's a little
bit more news see how do studies that's
the strategy well and I think this table
is uneven too so you know what I mean
okay that's your turn everyone is
sitting out yes
okay thank you I'm gonna go right here
at the bottom yeah
I don't want to hear you I don't want to
hear it I don't want to hear it right
both don't run away crying buddy it's
not your fault
sorry yeah I'd know it here I don't want
to hear Oh lose twice no he's right boys
it's not your fault
dad dad I eat rice stock on it like a
dinosaur you see how fast he ran away oh
my gosh
won't you guys just play against each
other did y'all see what happened what
happened
you sabotaged you guys maybe it's not
right I think I'm just I'm like the
master at this game lick your fingers
bro I feel like you don't want to do it
yeah wait so now I sit down you have to
have self-control buddy you can't jump
every time a piece lands even though
that wasn't your fault so now even
though that wasn't your fault like every
time a piece moves you can't like
celebrate jump and clap like first of
all you're off beat and it gives me
anxiety and then second of all you know
it's it's a tower you know I'm saying so
you want to be careful around the tower
you don't want to touch the table I am
hi alright alright alright alright
alright okay wait a minute you just did
it for me so I'm not gonna go now hold
on hold on right you cannot go my turn
Wow okay I gotta go on my time okay okay
okay go ahead
they don't even trust me to go by myself
so they can move in for me dancing
clapping and even though music oh my
kick drum nothing no high hats
alright the table no no no it's Ryan's
turn I didn't get a chance to go yet oh
can I go okay okay
quotes Oh
all right don't touch it okay
you guys are making me notes you guys
just stop yes why stop shaking a tape oh
my gosh
you guys together aren't even 10:00 yet
you know I'm just go ahead a bottom
center cuz that's the safe one right
there I'm not gonna lose this time guys
all right okay here's your time
you know why they're so smooth with it
because children don't have any
stressors like that no right you're the
actual winner right now you're actually
eating both you and your brothers
beating me you're eating all of us okay
so we're gonna try one more why you
glass and it's like their last place
right it loose no he didn't okay won all
three games
one more time guys I'm gonna answer
another question if you guys have one so
make it a good one and I'll answer it
put the blocks back together okay don't
fight over just to put the blocks on
what what does it like I mean besides
its new changes everything
I don't want to do so so you're having
your first daughter changes your whole
outlook on what it means to protect and
this this may sound a little like sexist
but like when I watched you that gave
birth to an ayah and then I realized
that I am NOT and now you might have to
endure the same thing then that just
endures to give life it made me even
more protective over a nice life you
know what I'm saying
and so it was like I was protecting the
future children shemale you know it was
intense
you best don't cool she were having like
some car trouble so you bet one thing
once you go to let two women scuba so
she dropped the call okay yeah you need
a tire replace and a bunch of the crack
Oh somebody ask oh Shannon ass could you
do more things like this I children
- thinking among a lot of distress yeah
that's the goal
yeah buddy you're not going to write ego
yeah that's the goal I mean that bought
a bunch of games sorry
Hungry Hungry Hippos lockers connect for
trying to get them to be a little bit
more and she's a good family bonding
after only became that was a lot of time
first we're watching to which rock to
run box
yeah and Emily 1.09 won the hug you
hungry hippo game you were playing with
who Dan Diane oh yeah but I play like I
was seven
I love ten seven I went Island I
want ten five okay guys there's gonna be
the last game I told them they're gonna
be able to go outside for a little bit
sore after this but I'm singing outside
where else
I need more suggestions
I need more suggestions where I just
things to do with no no no don't put it
back just go just put it up at the time
now that's the only thing more
suggestions no more suggestions of
things to do with the kids places to
take them and stuff like that
thank you so much Shayla for your
donation everyone say hi well hey you're
trying to go oh you're right what's the
paper superhero buddy
Creston who's that
Ranger first evaporators I'm gonna ask
me
vo was your favorite superhero huh
Connor come what Oh
Power Ranger so you guys aren't even are
you guys allowed the Wi-Fi ranges yeah
yeah and they talked about one on there
well the Power Rangers
yeah it's my time right I'm like that
much I know it you passed an accident
and you passed after you get up here
next time hmm right Bo you all over the
table you're gonna knock it off you
swing it yeah a nice big down go to the
cinema with a more alive I'm some also
the long live to the cinema right no did
you stop humping my back bro yeah don't
touch my shoulder I'm trying to go who
you guys think is gonna win this one I'm
gonna screenshot this real quick right
where you going
alright everyone thinks teal is gonna
win you guys are messing up seat when it
ever is my turn you guys like to get a
little antsy
chill okay hey thanks face to face I'm
licking my fingers I got that grip boom
I'd like to get it over quick
you know it quick all right right mow
your deals whose turn is it okay go
fishing with them yeah I used to go
fishing a long time ago God knows yeah
you a kid loves to go he let's say what
all right second you should let the kids
make this season oh you got the bottom
middle of horse riding right Bo you know
what is happening yeah you're gonna have
to get up and move a little oh stop stop
you know and move over to right side and
pull it the rest of the way you gotta
use the create with this good job so
this is like kids have no worries that's
what I'm better at these games right now
I got so many worries or so many
stressors whose turn is it oh gosh I
can't give me I gotta get it okay oh man
saying yes to the kids for a whole day
that is actually a really dope idea I
don't want to say I mean IIE IIE oh yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah
say hi all right do different challenges
do you guys like challenge videos for us
I didn't really think that was a thing I
don't think we should do yeah I don't
think we should do challenge videos so
much because like I just seems so done
oh yeah
like you guys like challenge videos like
um like hot wing challenges and like
spicies you know I don't know what the
different challenges are but I don't
know many challenges and I would watch a
lot of challenge channels but I do like
this channel called slicing rice they're
my friends Matt and glory they have a
really dope channel and they do
challenges very well
I see you guys saying yes to the
challenges no chances yo stop it stop it
that's gross so much going on in this
thing ice cream on this Sunday I don't
know why thank you ice cream on this Sun
so Chelsea just sent you some money okay
to donate so you can have ice cream this
Sunday you want ice cream this Sunday
you guys say thank you thank you thank
you like worship cheese in yellow you
know huh I don't know whose turn is it
it's not okay this is a wrong game
strategy would feel okay
all right boys your turn Thanks oh my
gosh okay wait a min you can't just
Jimmy rigged a whole oh my goodness oh
right right all right stop stop stop
stop stop get move move over the up
potchuck don't test it take get on this
side right okay so that I put at the top
my goodness what do you guys have you
guys like the golden child is going on
yeah we are I'm glad we didn't like put
any type of like bet on this thing
because I would be losing right now he's
a money no awesome oh my goodness okay
thank you okay okay all right
Raya is owning this game he's undefeated
right deal why would you put your foot
on the table no don't knock it over
that's not funny go ahead buddy sit down
okay is this homeschooling no it's not
homeschooling but it does teach about
being gentle and it does teach about
focus and listening but us is a family
building strategy ribose your time yeah
that was here and she lost in one of
these kids
whoa dad we can't win all the time
I know I didn't win all the time Bridey
so he should lose I'm just saying that I
it's so much going on yeah you keep
touching my not my moving hand okay you
know this angle is it because I don't
believe
now can we broke it no co-star you want
to win you don't want to break it
honestly I don't see anybody I don't see
it making it past this next movies in I
can't believe I didn't lose because that
thing looks short in the blade was one
box
yeah guys just the end of the live here
thank you guys for hanging out with us
for a little bit sorry I came late you
had to eat breakfast and get some stuff
in order now we're gonna go outside
drive around and the Jeep
they're gonna play I gotta take a
business call and so this next week on
the 11 we're gonna be in Seattle
Washington if any of you guys live in
Seattle Washington area follow me on
instagram at belief
ei L AM L and you're going to be able to
see where we're gonna be we're gonna be
uh we're gonna do a meet up there and an
event and Sri Lankan guys we'll put it
over here Lester hands up but we'd love
to meet you we love to meet you and this
winter we may be coming up north as well
somewhere possibly to go visit the snow
so thank you guys so much for watching
protect your life how did that happen
thank you guys so much for watching
particular queuing Network popular see
you next time peace
