who did it why why'd you do that why'd
you draw on the door buddy why was I
have to do with anything you say you
were crying because you hurt yourself
where they have to do with drawing on
the door why'd you draw on the door you
draw on paper you don't draw on the door
don't do that again
protect your life Ryan bow give me all
your own pen oh why why cuz I can't
trust you
you made this beautiful picture right
here and then you drew on the wall yours
always supposed to draw on paper buddy
right boy that's not good buddy you look
so handsome in that green shirt I'll
call debark a deal and you're right I
keep calling Bob because they say I look
like Bob from minions
what okay what did I say no tell me I'm
a little itchy
am I going I will I know but I said I
said you got to stay on this side of the
gate and if you don't stay on this side
of the gate then you're going to go
inside why did I say that no no no no
not because I did why did I tell you not
to go on that side but what can happen
if you're going that side yeah the cars
can communicate hurt you Wow ready
yeah hurts your body very good now
listen when I say I said don't go on
this side all right don't go on this
side stay on this side you can touch it
but that means you're testing my
gangster I wouldn't touch it I wouldn't
I would just play over here don't go
over this side don't come over here
okay I wouldn't
what are you doing get away from there
walk that way Ellen Chillingworth walk
back to eat exactly
I start to be that's why I've got some
time
to treat your wife
I got like these flowers treat the
family honey do list get it poppin
protect your life yo thank you for
watching belief in fatherhood big shout
out to my sponsored patron Brandon and
Janee boring sideburns pro media
shout-out to err kinky on the music and
if you're on Instagram please follow
myself and also my brother our jay-z
underscore collective he's an artist and
he's amazing you do this crazy picture
me as a million shots fired
don't forget to subscribe more
importantly if you're a patron I got
some big news coming to you Tuesday if
you want to sign up for patron please go
ahead and click this link right here
it's a lovely way to put solve an artist
and thank you so much
I appreciate your existence and we'll
see you later on an easy job
