hey let's go guys believe from father
than they're here we're gonna switch it
up with you guys gonna have lunch with
our friends drew and Maggie beragon and
check out their YouTube page la la
Madrid or they're gonna do some like
food reviews and travel stuff and
they're amazing so these are our good
friends check this video I were talking
about our proposals Merry Christmas
literally three days from today will be
seven years since been proposed I
remember that I remember when you were
telling us that you did the airport ah
Christmas Eve 2009 and that's when I was
like oh I wanna propose and I started
thinking about in August so in August
but you already got the ring wasn't the
ring it was a little II wasn't laid
before us not sold on that's what I'll
say I'm gonna go back to Baltimore for
Christmas you know since I won't be here
as Christmas over and so I started lying
to her like yeah
so you were planning December mm-hmm
that in the wind
and that was gonna be our first
Christmas as an official
but that is not significant but it was
it was but I mean I was another friend
maybe that was her first boyfriend
really like you didn't talk to any game
that was one well I was a first
boyfriend really first douchey like he
was my first defining relationship
you're my boyfriend yeah and the first
boy vibe at home
it was exciting other than that it was
only one yeah yes so yeah so I lied to
her for like four months and then we get
to Christmas Eve and then whoa
everything include my parents in this a
couple days before Christmas I asked it
was like December 19th I asked her
parents by the merrier and then yeah you
really got that fella no I couldn't find
her dad cuz I couldn't get in touch
somebody I'd have his number so I knew
that he drove the bus you know he never
was driving so I went to Walmart cuz
it's a Transit Center there and I just
sat there waiting no way yeah and like
soon as I pull up there he's sitting
there like reading his mail Oh only but
still yeah yeah only bus sitting there
so I hop on a bus and I'm like alright I
got on the bus and I was like I'm not
gonna get off this bus till he says
that's where he's going and we didn't
have any beef I just created this like
challenging it so i sat there and I got
on the bus I hey man what's going on I
wanna ride a bus with you like that he's
like cool did he look like send
something he's just kind of like always
in shock I hit him up and I was like yo
like so this is my idea I won't post
your daughter when I marry a blessing he
was like I think you should wait
no no yeah cuz he wanted to pay forward
when I was like you ain't gotta worry
about that I was figuring out you know
the saying oh and so he was like hey you
know what we should do is you know you
just tend to sit down to talk to my wife
so then like a couple days later I meet
him and his wife at the macaroni grill
and I'm like you know I'll say ok so you
know why we're here right
she was like no I don't know while we're
here I was like you didn't tell her why
it's like no I wanted you to tell her
like you told me Wow
sorry what do the whole spiel and
basically I had this list of everything
I wanted in a woman you still have that
still have the list the sex of stairs
you should you didn't even like framing
I know I shouldn't be like okay every
day they basically gave them a list and
I say here this is what I asked my
friend this what I asked God for it is
what I've been praying for this is what
I have my friends holding me accountable
to this is you know everything your
daughter is and so they were like she
was like wow you're right like
everything on this list is my daughter
and for sure I have my blessing and they
were like I'm gonna pay for the meal I
was like well my car decline we're like
nobodies later care apparently of going
out Christmas caroling she didn't want
to go which for years they have been
doing but I had been like you know I'm
not gonna go but everyone was insisting
that I go about here and I was like what
is happy I didn't really read too much
into it I was gonna be a party pooper
mm-hmm and I was highly John's dirty
closet I mean it was like two feet of
disclosed in his closet and I'm standing
yes gross and then I came down to always
say in the poem hmm so when we were when
I was in college who would do these
spoken word poetry nights mm-hmm
where um we just have people come in and
when was the one deejaying it but one
night Glenn decided that he was gonna
get up on the mic and like perform porn
and you guys know Britney does yeah she
was the president of the Black Student
Union which is the organization that was
sponsoring these events yeah anyways I
was standing next to Britney was she
like when Glenn was performing his poem
about the woman that he was looking for
and I was like think he's like totally
discarded me right now that to Brittany
and I don't know Brittany actually
members me saying that to her but I said
back to her I was like he's describing
me and I was like you know whatever I
didn't think anything of it was years
before something because I was totally
years in here's like 2017
Oh Leanna I was totally like my into win
in that way got what I said this moment
get on my knee no no the game called
to urinating mm-hmm yeah get on my knees
she's like what are you doing I thought
the surprise was really playing for
Christmas Oh like I was like whoa you're
here
I just dropped you off at the airport
well you get out you guys but you know
you're here yeah so come buddies before
that I had let me once again manicurist
like we got a snow I think she want us
so what I mean oh yeah and then I make
this like fake boarding pass like it was
straight Aires did you me send it to and
it's so like I get on my knee and I'm
like proposing you see that why I'm here
oh and then I pull up the range did
anybody get video of it yeah you have
you shown that video oh yeah yeah yeah
no I remember I remember the first time
you came around
I shot me oh yeah I was like it seems
like such a good girl why did you expect
him now honestly somebody maybe like
like Lauren Hill I really didn't see him
around I was like well you guys weren't
expecting me to have any girl good girl
good girl
maybe you made a girl I had a girl this
I met I met Maggie when you were in high
school and I was like a leader in the
high school boots
that's great so you were just like I
hate it everybody like I wasn't like
yeah girl sir whoa and all they gonna do
is break your heart and you know say
like I just had this like well guys
girls yeah he would yeah we're very
erect in room but but they're the ones
that kind of changed my heart to war
like women period cuz I realized they
were good girls out there you're gonna
be saying yeah yeah it was like new
Adrian Samara
when I first met you guys came around
the church again dude
yeah yeah
