I thought you had to see but I'm gonna
take off driving and you ain't got to
spider-man I saw it was awesome
I need you guys to stop talking because
all these subtitles I don't feel like
writing okay I don't feel like putting
all the words right here okay so
sometimes as an adult you take an L okay
and L is a loss I've been playing myself
a lot lately okay
I took some else one L I took was the
time that I was trying to get myself in
shape up and accidentally cut too much
you know what I'm saying and I never
having to shave my whole face off my own
kids didn't recognize
I didn't know it won't be like this when
I started you ever been like cutting
you're over here and then like mess up
and then you just gotta keep cutting so
first I was like and I'm like even that
part out then I was like and then I was
like I'll shoot that I even and then all
of a sudden look at this thinks hey do
you think I feel like I look younger dog
hey guys I'm Jamal yeah
another li took this year was the time
that I thought I was immune to the Sun
so I set out at the beach and all day
and I end up getting sunburned because I
thought Bella knee was stronger than the
Sun I never got sunburned in my life
everybody was putting on sunblock
talking my a man you better go ahead
it's hot out here all the white people
and I was like nah man I'm straight I
got melanin you know I'm saying I'm
sorry but I played myself I took an L my
head was all scraped off I look like I
had leprosy it was crazy went to the
beach last week and I don't even though
I got sunburned on my head man deal woke
up one was like Papa was down with you
head I was like I was like what you mean
and then I looked at my head what the
hell is going on in here
look crazy I'm peeling and flaking and
rubbing this crap off my head I'm just
embarrassed this is embarrassing white
people I'm so sorry that I judge you
when you got sunburned I thought I was
immune to being sunburned I thought the
melanin was powerful enough dang it more
melanin and people white people what do
you do to get to stop the blinking and
the stabbing
how to help me I need you right now in
all your wisdom this is worse than
having a bad haircut you know what I'm
saying like this is worse than the
barber taking your line back or just
having like a little light fuzz on your
head this is like your skin is peeling I
look like I have leprosy I had to wear a
hat for like three days straight
Uriah played himself this morning jumped
off the couch bust his head on the floor
that's why I got that big ol knot on his
head like icy Rock man I seen that
happened today
Theo played himself by getting sick
didn't you feel yeah you got sick he
played himself you were having a rough
existence and then he got me sick I in
turn got my wife sick when I was the
sickest up the ball because I had no one
to take care of
who takes care of the stay-at-home
parent when they kids exactly nobody do
I look like somebody up well who takes
care of the stay-at-home parent
so much to do are you gonna forgive me
if I can't bail out the vlog tomorrow
I am a man that gets sick or something
men who get sick they turn it to an
extra pump and I go front I was an extra
pump people on YouTube I appreciate your
love and your consistent motivation and
encouragement however if I'm missing a
video no it's because I physically
cannot do it it's not because I'm lazy
I'm tired I'm falling off I literally
can't do it I didn't have the health to
do it I had to take care of myself
because who takes care of the
stay-at-home parent exactly I had to
save my energy for the things that made
me direct income that's what I had to do
speaking of that launched the page
around this Monday this Monday starts
the patron November 21st we are doing it
patron all the way this is our bread and
butter this is the way that I'm going to
be able to fund what I do and that
people who support what we do as a
family can give bribe all you sleep
anyway really excited about the patron
for instance you'll get things like
longer videos songs all types of stuff
that people who the general public won't
receive and as we started on Monday
you'll be able to see the gender-reveal
that we when we found out what we're
having as far as the gender of the baby
and you can start for a litter was $1.00
but I will be doing an official release
of a video showing you exactly what
patron is and what it is for us as a
family
follow me on snapchat that's where you
can see all these cool videos and the
first hand of counsel isn't Lea what's
happening on day to day alright I got to
go
