yeah you can come out here don't you
soon stop hello hello hello look at me I
been fresh I've been walking with my
silly yes I'm trying to do my best
yo Alina ran was sucked was good was
good would I
Kim was poppin people my people let me
know how to feed look in let me know
what the sound is like I'm just curious
trying to figure out how I can make this
experience best for you guys is about
what's up y'all I had to put a night to
sleep early you know I'm saying because
he was he woke up early and she was
hella anoying like it was crazy how much
this little baby was getting on my
nerves so yeah how you doing today
seeing is clean sound good alright
alright that's what I'm talking about
um I'm doing pretty good today actually
today's a rough day let me put some
lotion on before y'all start hi my name
is Brian - yeah we are here who here go
d40 on red wine do you like big pictures
and do what you woman so cool is it
okay kick rocks kick rocks
ouch what broccoli yeah that means get
out of here okay so um well for at a
house this is kind of a dope setup right
here I like the light it's not bad I'm
kind of feeling all right so I want to
talk to you guys today about what it
means to explore your children yesterday
actually I posted in the community part
of YouTube and I asked you guys what you
wanted to talk about today and it was a
lot of different things you guys said
but some of the top two things were was
mean to be Christian and me on social
media and another one was what about you
know you know protecting your family
from you know views and like the public
eye and all that stuff and so I kind of
wanted to hop on go back and forth
between these two tangents and so yeah
yeah I'll know the flowers go getta on
white so I'll wipe your face off we're
gonna eat after this okay I'm gonna eat
after this but let me just finish the
one I'm doing yeah you don't have to
close that just leave it open please
thank you that's it stop stop yeah so
sometimes I get hit up and people are
like you know how are you doing this to
where you know your family is like you
know you're like what made you decide to
do this don't you think this is a little
threatening right and it's something
about I think it's most cultures but
it's specifically black culture where we
want to keep everything a secret right
and I feel like that's okay you know
like I remember once I thought I'd be
growing up like something was on TV and
like one of my parents is like oh we not
gonna watch it today because they count
with number city so we're gonna watch
tomorrow you know I'm saying I like
people want to like hide everything
about themselves and I don't get it
you know I think what happens is we we
tend to keep ourselves and our lives
secret and don't let other people know
what we're going through and what we're
experiencing and that's really given
other other people permission to go
through those things and I feel like
they're gonna feel like they're walking
through it alone
and it's it's a lot of it's not a
father's but also mothers but a lot of
fathers I don't feel like give the keys
over to their children
now this like a byproduct of being on
YouTube is being able to make income
into like xposed whatever it is you're
trying to expose so say if I was a
painter and I want to be a you know
artist and I want my my paintings sold
YouTube is a good way to start to build
a fan base that people have like man or
any social media platform really I
really want to own someone's art one day
this person it's a great way to expose
that my reason for being on YouTube
really has more to do with my children
be able to look back on these things and
instead of having just pictures from the
childhood they'll have movies and then
when they're trying to figure out that
hard part of parenting in like am i
doing the right thing they can look back
and see what that dad and your mom did
it's a very like here this is for you
guys
now you guys as viewers of the channel
you guys get to partake and see what is
happening in our family and maybe use it
for your family or you know reminisce or
whatever but there is a group of people
you know who use their platforms and
they use their children as like trying
to explore
and this is what I'm saying this is what
I'm saying this is an example of that
hey shout out to the lease who just
showed up in a building Chelsea was
popping Dana was popping evany was from
Ryan Bo Ryan Bo come here buddy
do me a favor
um go get a white for your face C okay
come in so like funny oh yeah go so this
is like an example like if I was to sit
here and you know like yous feel would
be like yo if you do this I'll give you
some candy you know what I'm saying like
he would do it but then it it's like oh
well if you don't do it you're not gonna
get candy you know what I'm saying like
like I threatened him and I use what he
does in this video you know your sister
sleep I would you slam the door you know
what I'm saying like as a way for me to
give views or my overdramatize and a lot
of stuff like I try not to put a lot of
community a lot of this stuff on camera
like a lot of the stuff that I put out I
go through like a lot of moments where
I'm just seeing like man√≠s I'm probably
sure you're afraid but then I think
about the benefit of the people because
I'm also concerned for their
embarrassment you know to me in the
future
I always meddle with the stuff and it's
so much stuff that I do not make videos
about so much stuff that I do not put
out there because it's like yo like yo I
I can't expose you in that way you know
what I'm saying like you need your
privacy in this area for instance the
deal stole his friends Troy right I
recorded that because it was like the
fifth time he did it you know to me and
I'm like man I think I felt like you
know I was like something's wrong with
my kid like who who just steal something
you know what I'm saying and so I was
thinking like thing okay I need to be
able to
explain to other parents that sometimes
it's just happened now something who are
super excited about all your raising the
thief and you know like people it is or
whatever you know I'm saying in the
comment section but for the most part
people like y'all might hear it too a
stealing phase as well and it's very
natural kids while side they see a rock
they pick up the rock putting in the
house they say you know you got 18 rocks
under their pillow you want me and it's
just part of the you know what happens
but when they go over there friend's
house they're like yeah I want this so
imma ticket you know so yeah that's
that's what I have to say on that let me
just go through these comments real
quick and make sure / - that's historia
yes do still has drinks they're just um
they're two strand twists didn't five
strands twisted actually I loved I love
the way they look at it as soon as you
can do it to establish most people don't
know how to be real so they feel
uncomfortable when people read their
truth yeah and and I think that's a lot
of it it's like people look at me or I
seem to be like I mean I think people
care so much about what other people
think I just think that's no way to live
like I don't win if you think I'm
perfect thank if my kids are always
acting perfect it actually makes it
actually raises your expectations and
hurts you in the long run so if i sat
here and I made every moment majestic
and the kids never did anything wrong
and I was always making the right
decision as a father like it would hurt
you cuz that's how you would expect all
kids to act when you have kids you're
kind of like go somewhere on my kid well
I'm not doing a good job or something
like that you know same-same instance is
when you know people talk about like all
your ashy or like
you know the house is kind of messy I'm
like yo if my house was always clean you
would feel like your house will always
have to be clean on a Wednesday morning
at 10:25 like that's not a realistic
thing you know what I mean like why is
your house clean all the time like some
people are like that you know what I
mean but like we do have kids like life
is constantly happening they're always
throwing stuff away you don't I'm saying
is cereal on the floor is milk on the
floor and like if everything is perfect
you best believe is someone in a bed or
behind a dresser like or your watch is
gone like is something happening all the
time and that's just what happens when
life is happening around you things are
moving so fast yeah I'm just kind of if
it's comments real quick if you guys
have any questions on this please make
sure you can chime in another thing I
wanted to talk about was being like a
believer a Christian on social media
right now you know saying a lot of
people talk about like social media as
is as if it's like the devil like man
you know you own Facebook and dinner
visitor
so I'm like family I buy a student on
Facebook you know Stanley that's your
time you're using to meddle in other
people's business you know I try to
remind myself every day in mind my
beautiful black business you know what
I'm saying like all of it like all of my
all of it like mind my business you know
I'm saying stay out of everybody else's
melanin and lack thereof mind your
business
social media is a tool the television is
a tool or all these things around us the
computer is a tool it's not a living and
breathing thing that we submit to but
these are tools that we use to reach
people or to connect with people and
that's how I view social media that's
how I think all of us should be using it
I think it is a great opportunity for
you to spread your message that's
basically it and that's how I use it
there are times where I'm like kind of
screw and then I have my
certain people that I'd like to
subscribe to to get like creative ideas
but for the most part I use it as a like
a pushing device you know a production
device I use it to send stuff off I'm
not like collecting and storing up you
know what I mean for whatever reason I
hope that makes sense to you are you
guys staying in Cali or are you going to
move that's a really good question
I don't know sorry as far as I'm
concerned himself janessa beautiful app
just joined guys yeah as far as I'm
concerned I'd love to stay in California
my wife has really been like yearning to
move the housing out here is like super
expensive we own our house what we're
paying it off you know but I'd like to
stay here our house is really small and
we're kind of like at out of our
capacity you know if something happens
and you think you know and she gets
pregnant or I'm pregnant or whatever you
know that's gonna be a hard situation to
be in this small house with four kids I
knew I had to turn closets into you know
tiny bedrooms in the claws are actually
kind of big here but yeah like yeah I do
want to I do want to stay here I love it
here in Cali I love the weather I love
the people I've been in lived in
Baltimore for you know pretty much half
my life and growing up there it's a lot
different I like it here better so I
like to stay here I don't need to like
I've traveled all around doing music and
stuff like that so I don't really want
to go anywhere else
how is homeschooling the kids homeschool
is going well you've had a really go
homeschooling day yesterday I have a
project coming up where I'm gonna be
home schooling I hope
squeaking last Wednesday you know it's
really just taking each time in a moment
to like kind of figure things out and
like see
oh you're attracted to this well let's
dive into this more and why is this this
color and why you know do you like to
say this for it do you not ask well
they're working on us well there were
less Knar on spelling so you get Brenda
not finding opportunities to not touch
thank you cam Jones sending love from
Baltimore
Dallas awaits now let me tell you about
that I will never I don't ever want to
move to Texas shout-out to to die
childhood Alise sent out to evident from
the Internet's all my people in Texas I
am a minute Texas the heat in Texas
Texas it's like it's so it's sad I could
cry thinking about it you know it's not
for me you know when are you and Frank
gonna battle again so things with Frank
is going really well I just put out a
video on Frank's Instagram and so it's
it's just at Frank puppet I put out a
video on Frank's Instagram of him
rapping in Frankie's he's just a tragic
like the bars are crazy and so yeah
check out Frank I have so much good
stuff like brewing but there's so much
little things that need to be done
before I can start to brew so I don't
think I'm hopeful guys I'm hopeful go
through some of these comments they
believe all the way from Arkansas thank
you he yeah the heat is oppressive in
Texas very good as a very good word it's
oppressive it's like all there's racism
in this Dallas heat and it's like
how do you practice creativity rule well
it depends on what the actual creative
process is and what are you trying to
actually make and your creativity are
you trying to make you know a video are
you trying to Amman and then the
question is kind of its kind of
ridiculous because it's like the way you
practice creativity is by being
creatively producing things I have a
whole like philosophy I'm speaking at
peh-chu Coliseum which is patreon is
like big conference I think I am still
but yeah yeah it's a whole philosophy on
like how to release content and how to
use the basic agree
basically there are there are
relationships between each stage or
beliefs I'm sorry what you got okay well
I mean either you guys will share you're
not so I know but you know I don't know
what you guys are doing so if you guys
can play together and you can play well
together or you can and you're going a
house can you play well together
okay so figure it out amongst yourselves
you don't have to tell me that yeah so
basically there's stages in each part of
release so say if you're you have an
idea of a drawing that you want to let
out you know um you uh you you create
that drawing in your mind first you know
I'm saying then you have to trust your
you have your mind has to trust your
ability and then your ability has to
trust like okay sorry let me figure this
out so your mind has an idea you have to
be able to trust your ability with the
thought okay once you go from that
process that's a stage that's stage one
and the stage two is after you make the
piece of art you show it to a friend
and then that friend gives you feedback
that's another stage so it's like five
different stages of this the last stage
is by rally what happens is when you
what up LaGuardia I'm late but I have no
respect for anyone that post videos
their kids on YouTube okay there we go
um so sounds laguardia that's my friend
and I'm very proud of him and his family
yeah but each release is a stage you
know what I mean and so each stage has
to have a relationship with each other
of trust and so so say like I go viral
I'm letting go of all of my ability you
know and all of mine like relationship
with that part it's no longer mine you
know what I mean it's somebody else's so
once we give us our art away it becomes
someone else's are because they are
inspired by and they can do whatever
they want with it
but this is this is kind of like like a
whole philosophy that I have to type it
all out write it all down and so I can
like show people in this like it's gonna
be like a TED talk version but it's kind
of like a philosophy that I came up with
so anyway yeah yeah yeah are you selling
that meditated at not yet I don't really
like the design of it do you guys like
the design of it you buy this I don't I
don't like hey can you not do that no
can you not that's a plan you don't want
to step on that that plants supposed to
grow it doesn't have any Sun right now I
know but if you step on it it's gonna
get worse oh yeah it was okay when you
started to show your videos to to
friends and family I'm struggling oh I
was gonna do a round on YouTube about
this because I posted a tweet about it
and it was is this anymore leaf is this
leaves bro leaves I was gonna doing
round on this and I think I still will
but don't like no stop waiting for your
fam
to be down with your vision you know go
ahead man
you know what am i guys talking about
yeah wait don't wait for your family be
now it's a vision you know you have a ID
in your head and so you tell your family
or your friends your idea and they're
like oh well that isn't that's cool or I
don't like it right the responsibility
of you with the idea is to manifest the
idea into something tangible that people
can see they can't see it they can't
believe in it and so most people will
see it instill them even most people
only believe and what other people see
is valuable okay
most people don't recognize genius or
creativity they recognize cosines and
this is a whole whole whole philosophy I
got that I'm like really like I'm so
passionate about this I'm gonna fight
like it's like yo stop trying to get
people to be down with your vision like
it's gonna take
it's gonna take somebody in Korea to
respect you for your mom to care
always getting love and career you know
understand it's gonna take a famous
person to be like you I rock with what
you're doing for your cousin to care
yeah buddy you know what I mean like
stop trying to get these force these
people to believe in you and then
stopping when they don't it's it's like
a waste of your energy if I would have
waited for the cosines and it's a whole
nother it's a whole nother like like
these and the people who like have an
idea are scared to manifest it so they
try to get other people to partner with
oh my gosh you have no idea how many
people have tried to partner with me
like while I'm three to two three years
and I'm like what do you risk it like
I've had like dudes come up to me like
oh man I love what your doorman look man
this is what I'd be good enough and we
and we we write we can we write we us
like me and you like Dom where did you
put in on
nothing you wouldn't do nothing finish
your ain't no risk for you
you know Sam like why would I hire you
and give you anything you you have no
risk in this and so I need y'all right
like I mean like straight up and down
like IV need more black father's doing
this you know saying like I need y'all
to get out of your head and get with
this creativity and stop playing like
stop you know I'm saying like I suggest
you get creative and try to figure out
what it is that you do best what the
relationship is like peculiar your
family or whatever like you can't do
this alone can't just be me in LaGuardia
here you know like what what do we do
you need for me to help you guys push
forward in this creative thing you know
what I mean
that's my question where's my coupon
Uriah
you're right boom come here somebody
wanted to see it
Tameka yeah I have to do a rant have to
do a barrier like a rant rant rant sorry
Elise messing up your lunch break i neva
know you had a job at least nothing
shoutouts at least me if you guys don't
follow the lease follow her lease she is
so creative and amazing in just dopes
she's a film student I met her through
Evelyn from the Internet's yeah she's
just a lease you know I'm saying and
that's it like I really Rock woo her and
just follow the lease man
follow her it really is great to hear
you say that
you want to see more black fathers
normal yet done yeah like I'm gonna
other fathers right to do was good for
them Co P how you alway down there I
can't see you protect your life okay
yeah like I want them to do what they're
doing like it would have been whack if I
was like you know if I came on YouTube
when I saw LaGuardia and be like y'all
my interview my children like you know
saying like that's his style
if you don't a name I think you got to
do what you do you know what I mean
but at the same time like we need more
black fathers out here and I yeah I just
we just can't do in the bar so what's
our handle its police how do I like I
like pin you know I don't know how to
pin you at least I don't get you popping
out here in these streets maybe you can
throw your you mention in there your
handle and I like to shares yeah for
like more black people especially black
males need to build their own business
and that the black community supports
one another indeed and that doesn't mean
we don't ever support you know what I'm
saying like anybody who's not like but
we do support each other you know I feel
like heavily so pretty I feel like like
really loved by the people who I think
that you know I feel like super
supported and I can't say nothing about
our man black people in Ireland or we
not get no love in the media but it was
a time like that but I be honest I
haven't experienced that because like I
don't know the favor of the Lord or
what's been happening but like I feel
like man like things have been really
going well and the Lord has redeemed my
time even when I took breaks and giving
me and giving me creative ideas you know
like the Reese's
Billo Reese's talking candy trunk I just
feel like super blessed you know so I'm
definitely not complaining and nothing
like that but I do think there are other
father's out there who could be trying
harder to be like creative one thing
about LaGuardia and I like we're not
we're kind of perfectionist like I know
how much time and energy LaGuardia puts
into his content and I only know that in
like a very short like I don't know that
much but I know that he's put a lot of
time and energy into this content in his
brand and also balancing a lot but he
doesn't overload himself you know what I
mean he's very smart and what he does me
I always overload myself I'm always like
well how did you know I'm very curious
about creativity and if I follow a train
of thought maybe I'll lead somewhere
that is like oh man nobody thinking it
is right here like I'm kind of weird on
that yeah but make sure y'all make sure
y'all shows at least some love and do
you prefer quality over quantity in
terms of posting videos it depends
I was talking to Gabe and babe I don't
know if you know they're gaming babe TV
and I asked him that because they've
been posting like five days a week every
week I like three years he has a roly
poly
he wanted to be spread what is his name
is their big car he's got a really
Polina you just stepped on it it fell
and you stepped on it it's dead it's
right there on the floor look on the
other side of the leaf r.i.p oh do I
prefer quantity O'Conner quality over
quantity it's all about you speaking to
your tribe right Andy Mineo a perfect
example amazing artists you just put out
an EP earlier this week Andy Mineo is
called the sword is
though some of the best music but he's
had some of that music for like two
years
you know us and so so often I think we
as creatives we stay on our head we want
things to be perfect when like if if I
know somebody who cooks amazing but I
love their company I would rather just
be in their company even if we're not
eating so it's better for me to just
check in with you guys even if I was to
go daily it just was like yo here's
something super simple I had this idea
had to start and I just encourage you
for a moment it's better that I keep
checking in with you then waiting till I
have something big and dope to offer
belief you need to check out the channel
I said buy me I'm so sorry
said I said buy me I'm sorry he is also
one of you know what I'm saying like us
as well
I just I'd be thinking about I can't I
don't be thinking of said because said
like I'm just sorry I slept on say said
it my friend like that is my buddy you
know what I mean so I'm sorry about that
um said is one of us - he's an amazing
amazing amazing creator he used to play
professional football in NFL for the
Vikings he got cut and he told me like
flipped it into a YouTube career and
he's amazing so sorry about that said is
the homie and it's a lot of other people
out there too but I'm talking my life
fatherhood focused a lot of other people
our family vlog focused and said it's
definitely fatherhood focused I'd say so
I apologize about that so big shout out
to said Charlotte I love I love them for
real anyway any other back from the
apartments because a poor okay
as far as I know LaGuardia as said by me
police because I know her her mister at
least gonna have a baby one day maybe
and just follow her right now also the
daily Davison's
nasally I don't know too many other ones
for real I just know a lot of people who
follow me are like you know what I mean
like you know I'm saying that Ellis is
yes the Ellis is I don't watch their
content but I do know I've been you know
SuperDuper popular very good-looking
family the Vanessa says so blah blah
Tauber is out of the question
yeah like I don't think I should do
daily like I don't know if that's me
guys I don't know if that's me guys I
don't know if that's me what do you guys
think you guys you guys know me you know
how inconsistent I can be you think me
shooting for daily is a real thing I
really love video on Monday do they not
work two days on Rose it's not good
video Monday live on Wednesday and then
a video on Friday for me like that's
just like the perfect little combination
you got to the beginning you got your
middle and you and we just check in on
home Vegas is poppin right right
you don't want me to do daily right come
on I love your family n decided to start
my Instagram to fill my life awesome
I was trying to find some for my streams
and I ended up here why should why
should I stay I mean if you wanna you
know we might not be few honestly I
don't play for a night but I talk about
what is your planning process how do you
put your out your content do you create
an outline well just whatever 1/2 is
going a certain period of time all right
yes I don't create an outline I film
what's happening and then I figure out
like how to create a story around it so
something happens I would film that and
then I'll create a story about it I'll
create a beginning I'll create an end
that's basically how I do it but it
starts at a thing or process or
something that's happening
yeah you need that to recharge yeah and
the creative thoughts there you go
no leave the daily the Karen schedule is
really good thank you so much Dana do
daily the world needs a Productivity
what you want me to die shy city girl
you want me to die no daily I like the
format that you have now do you know any
good albums to listen to like yours yeah
you popped what pop the Rollie pollie
bra why do I hear killing insects
insects that's an insect it's above bug
insect is another word for bug you just
killed it it was gross
it was my Nana's business when you
picked it up go wash your hands so if
you're looking for albums that share
God's glory Andy Mineo just put out a
dough record it's called the sword
I love the record it's so many good
albums out there Jared Saunders put up
put out a good album this year
Jared Sanders he's what got over money
if you're looking for someone a little
bit more swag now I think foggy Ron's
got it he's got like all the juice and
the sauce foggy bra and also toe being
the big way he's from Houston one of my
favorite people on earth please check
him out
dang man I feel so sorry for that Rolie
Polie oh-oh podcasts coming out this
week for sure
health is greater than daily blog indeed
indeed yes sir you want a roly-poly pet
yeah well your brother's gonna kill him
here yeah that's facts you trust her
world you trust your brother around here
roly-poly no no I wouldn't either
let's leave the world to pogies outside
no no he's gonna come out I would say
you stick with what you came because
remember when Theo P said he needs you
to be a dad and not just making money
all the time I support your constant
father so I believe that thank you so
much I appreciate that
now listen to the kids man just got the
book my son loves it thank you thank you
so much for buying our book it's bedtime
now I think the book is genius I didn't
know how many trash bedtime books there
are out there and I think our book is
pretty good so if you have not bought
the book is $15 on our website relief of
fatherhood comm check out the book it'd
be great if you have kids we don't have
kids you know nice little plug there
shameless plug mmm I know Daly all my
fave day real youtubers are slowing down
he's shutting down that channel student
burnout
very good hi guys would you say you want
to talk in front of the camera yeah does
my child know what it means to die I
don't think so I'll try to explain
something I don't think so yeah you know
I don't die how am i doing today believe
I'm done okay so why did you kill the
Rollie pollie no that's bad question
yeah why do you pop it
everybody separately yeah pop is like a
very like you yeah I wouldn't say that
that's like you killed it yeah
do you like it here now yeah that's like
it's okay if you want to know who did
Beals hair go to my last live video
Jenice no that was for the video only
yeah yeah but no one's seen that video
yet that video is not out yet so you
just spilled the beans stop hitting it
oh I'm trying to figure out we was
talking maize Lee's in the house
everyone follow me zli there are my
friends that I rarely ever see they're
amazing
you know who made me is deal nasally
family break it I bought a house and
what you do what would you play with yes
who which one do you remember any of
their names
yes okay what are their names
alright I stop
a dime how'd you die very good hello
from Cape Town I don't ok Maya
yeah I think that's all oh and then Joey
boy yeah
where's anion I sleep she was tragic
this morning I was good on my nerves
yeah you wish oh no no don't do that and
then she took all her food in the cup
and spilled it all over the place and
just was acting hella tragic so I had to
put her to pay Hey Majid is watching you
right now
Raja dies watching you right now say hi
hi say hi rival hey come over here wait
what you can't see him be he to see you
oh no that's weird I think well where
would you see him all there are words on
the screen bro you see how did that
we're gonna go play fight
go get your toys so we can fight like a
warrior then I'll go get your toys first
okay so go ahead in there take off your
shoes take off your shoes get your
weapons we're gonna fight yes yeah guys
um no I'm not doing that hair I'm gonna
post a video next on Friday or me going
out here it's tragic I'm not good at it
so but I will do it if nobody else do it
all right so I'm gonna drop out and see
you guys later
I appreciate you guys existence thank
you guys so much for watching
protect your life keep your network
popping did I miss any questions how do
you feel about circumcision
ok buddies hold on let me let me just
allow that we're okay okay I don't think
I missed any questions how do you guys
feel about super chat that's a good
question for you guys real quick yeah
thank you guys so much for supporting
the podcast - yo podcast like I think
that's where we're gonna land for sure
for sure you guys want to eat first or
do you guys want to play first cuz I
haven't eaten yet you guys care my
shoutouts up Oh
set up a measly who joined their set out
to LaGuardia who stopped in the building
shout out to Vanessa beater for life
yeah we're gonna find out promise
shout out to all the homies get off of
me buddy chosen boy without Bethany what
uh I think she's okay
yes a bye why okay no let go Misaka no
no you can't right well you have to
listen remember our cha I see you later
