sometimes I wake up and have off days I
wake up and feel for lack of a better
word ugly I need a shave I need a
haircut
I need a fairy godfather to dip me in
shea butter so I'm dripped in confidence
now being someone who's on the Internet
I really don't fit in I don't feel
attractive I'm not a model I can't fake
when I don't feel good say I don't know
how some of y'all do it because the mask
never fits on me
I know I'm not the only one that feels
broken the weird thing is that
confidence isn't just feeling certain
about yourself it's allowing other
people to feel certain and trust in you
so how do we regain that confidence well
me I like to get dressed but I don't
like shopping I don't like the time it
takes for me to go out to search for
that right piece usually I have to go to
multiple different stores
so I appreciate stitch fix every month I
get a package in the mail and I have a
great relationship with my online
stylist what do you think about this
shirt do you like this do you think I
should roll up the sleeves yes what do
you like the sleeves look like what do
you think about this let me put this on
oh you like it yeah okay okay okay let
me try it another one on we try this one
you like this one too
you want it fine here do you like this
one too or no you don't like this one
you think I roll the sleeves up you
think it's too tight it's too tight
no I'm talking about my shirt now you're
silly what about these shorts you like
these shorts yeah yes
you like them blue what any kids thank
you Oh all done I fill up a Pinterest
board and she takes again to read it
then sends me the things she thinks I'm
interested in she takes out the hard
part and all I have to do is pick and
choose what I like and maybe change the
size or two and if I don't like it I
just send it back and I don't have to
pay for it this fall's expansion and
Stitch Fixman includes big and tall
options active gear new tailored options
and even underwear socks and t-shirts
and what's the why behind all this well
when you look good I hate wearing masks
but I'm okay with dressing up my
wardrobe we don't always have to pretend
we're doing great but we should always
be pressing forward and doing what we
must regardless of how we feel
and a solid wardrobe gives you an array
of different emotions usually my
wardrobe consists of sweatpants and
black shirts but since this year
focusing on self-care I'm glad to say
that's not the true thing now that's not
my reality even on the days I'm not
feeling so attractive I can still be
attracting because I have a light to
shine everybody is attracted to the
light so we're out here we're doing our
family photo shoot for the fall but we
here with my man Philly Phil represent
to take the time to thank stitch fix so
much for sponsoring this video I'm super
excited about the expansion a lot more
men are gonna be able to take advantage
of this service because of the big and
tall sizes guys don't miss out on this
opportunity click the link in my
description at least just to see what
the process is like sign up in order a
box you don't have to buy anything but
if you buy everything like I did you do
get a discount I'm interested to know
which one of these sales do you like
best go ahead and leave your answer in
the comments section below 1 2 3 or 4
thank you so much for watching believe
from Fatherhood my name is belief and I
hope you enjoyed this video if you liked
it make sure to give it a thumbs up and
if you don't give it a thumbs down if
you could subscribe to it click that
notification button there's a bunch of
different ways to support this channel
but subscribing is my favorite also you
can buy some merch or you can pick up
our self-published book its bed
now my website once again thank you so
much for watching particular QB Network
popping I will see you next time
