well is that the one that you hired
Zeppelin my lay ahead I'm not sure but
I'm pretty sure we don't play the wine
games need to like I didn't pick my nose
on the episode that was on snapchat last
night
no that was on when your rant about
fathers yes I thought I picked my nose
on the video yes I told you that when I
was watching it I was like oh you pick
your nose like that and is there like
this exactly but I didn't dig a boogie
you tissue well they're getting rid of a
lot of toys today and I want them to
have a shield deals you to this this is
Captain America show
we didn't target guys yeah we were you
enjoy it because we've got some stuff
that's of stuff all the time for what he
did my mom was telling me about his
death by him unit and I bought him a
towel and a hand towel and washcloth and
the laundry basket and a pink leash
we need a new iron boar cover okay well
I put a picture of the boys in him in
the train so you can put it in there's a
house warning if you can't just go to
the guy's house and I have something for
him sure which one do you want the
shield or the mask
so I decided to eat almonds and a cheese
danish first he had a cheese danish from
starbucks
is she at almonds
would
like if I throw up are you gonna try
retort that what kind of you record that
I really would love you to record that
Jack Burt no where's my dad gone almonds
you bought that laughing you're not
moving salads and chicken with me
alright so while you that's throwing up
I got to go get these hawk hands for
your ayah boat I got the Hulk hands
let's see if you got the rug yeah we
been at the beach for like two hours now
we're here to celebrate a birthday for
one of our close friends daughters she
calls me uncle name is Sayla she turns
to today but here's some of the fun
that's going on swear y'all know about
the West
y'all know nothin bout riding up the
five you wanna left
God gave us front row view to the sunset
bye-bye did you guys have fun
are you so sad
we were in that class at some point the
pastor was talking about this man named
Theophilus and when he told us what the
name meant which was lover of God and
friend of God both I think we
simultaneously looked at each other like
hey that's our first son's name you
always knew that our first kid was going
to be a boy
yeah and uriah his name means flame or
light of God and we actually got that
name we were kind of stuck we knew were
having a boy we weren't really expecting
we didn't want a boy we didn't oh three
tell the story about your pregnancy
