all right so look if you don't know by
now I'm a stay-at-home dad by day MC by
night I someone asked me what I did
today
I'm gonna be honest this day was a
little rough for me I lost a little bit
and I didn't know I was gonna lose it
but I knew I had to have a better day
than the previous day because he was
wiling out so I decided that I'm gonna
do all I can was honestly it was a
little gloomy outside that day and I
just need to give a different response
to all of the behavior it's not the
cylons gonna learn a lot of things slide
that's exactly what I did
morning chocolate babies how you doing
okay let me tell you something every day
I deal with poop
okay did you poop I'm a poop inspector
that's my job what Riya is it poop in
that diaper yeah no pooping at that yeah
okay what's wrong from the color the
shape the texture and even the smell oh
you are done whooping yeah it's muggy I
got to deal with that I got to figure
out what that means I'm face-to-face
with the feces all day long and if it's
not what's coming out of them that's
what's going into them of course they
want a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
every five minutes or they want to bowl
a cereal what would you like for
breakfast this morning you want Cheerios
and milk what you got it try to throw
some veggies in there but they will
starve themselves for four days they
don't get what they want and here are
your Cheerios serves
so you feed them what they want and then
after they eat it they play with it see
my kid likes to play in the milk why
I don't know why I like splaining milk
you're testing my gangster huh I really
don't know why anybody wanna play No
Deal what happened hey Nina I don't
understand why anybody want to play but
it's okay you made a mess because when
you mess up
I remember just how good of a bargain
we're getting from Costco this cost us
next to nothing come on dog milk excuse
me have you lost it you try to teach
them life lessons about love and
generosity remember the conversation we
had about sharing are you gonna choose
to be generous today
good but they turn their backs on each
other sharing and they are at war all
day long go just let it go just let it
go just let it go
just let go just let it go just let it
go
just let it go let it go make it
disrespectful yeah don't try to change
the subject you're gonna get in trouble
okay
you always tell them hey you'll protect
your life don't protect your life man
like the way your life is going keep it
going hey go check your life get off at
the table and so you begin to clean
you try to get them to clean with you
clean they don't but you still clean
because you know you have a
responsibility why are you cleaning what
do they do playing a toilet how come
yo what the heck look how much it's in
there this is crazy
and I'm not going live a piece of my
soul breaks off and flies away in the
wind every time I have to perform one of
these tasks Thank You breasts a dinosaur
has what but all this is before naptime
good night can I try it
you got covers right here my favorite
welcome home babe you did nice thank you
yeah it's pretty crazy stay sing stay
sober convince you spider went up the
water spout down came the rain and
washed the spider out it's new possible
it's obvious then I definitely ran an
apposite thank you i small only go for
today pay attention the kitchen isn't
clean the living room isn't clean the
bathroom isn't clean but my wife didn't
ask me what I accomplished today because
she knows that I survived sometimes is
just about survival making it so when
your spouse comes home and asks you what
you did that day you can just say I
survived
huh all right so this message is
dedicated to anybody who is a
stay-at-home parent this is that for you
we appreciate what you do you are not
forgotten please like subscribe and
share this to anybody who you think
would benefit I face
