okay here we go we're gonna say morning
mantra again ready say aye aye right
both say I am strong say I am a leader
say God loves me so much I do say I say
I am not scared I'm not scared
say Jesus loves loves yes me yay morning
lunch is done Wow I'm gonna go picking
on me ray
from LAX it's about a two hour drive
kids him in the back shot it's rain say
hi feel hey do is raising a house ray
and his wife Lyz aren't just friends
they're more assets and when they come
in town you drop everything you spend as
much time as you can with them
I got so big hugs
oh yeah he's like the mother for the
Muppet baby babies you all you see is
the leg guys
thank you like just like this every part
is made to withstand a certain type of
portrait you understand
that's what's up what's up I was talking
about though like it the language was
like very like very like it'll change
the language suffer torture every car
died any part is made a certain level of
unpredictability you never know when
it's gonna happen all to say this all to
say if your eye even if your ideals of
marriage look a certain way you know
work in the real world
yeah you know and you might have to
change your vehicles with your
expectations or even the way you look at
what marriage should be like it's
asserted my sacrifice man like we go to
like somebody once about she's going to
end and in time
you know I said one person's not home
and it's so like it's this relation to
what Jesus to how we have relation with
Jesus is well we don't have to go
through what Jesus would be like his his
suffering
it was Blakemore that we want to
experience you don't have said so our
something that husband it's an afterlife
it should be to a point where it's of
course is more than that they go and I
said of course I like a lot of seed in
order to do what I gotta do comfort
the problem is this one condition it's
when you're giving up your comfort when
we see them having a hard time and we're
giving up yeah you see what I'm doing so
many change so much jewelry the ice is
on me I'm in the Middle East and the ice
is on me I said the ice is so me
but the ice is on you the cold is on you
the heat is on me finest ingredients are
right in the mix someone once told me
that I brainwashed my kids because I
taught them that Jesus loved him and at
first I was offended but then I thought
about it like no it's a bad term we're
all brainwashing our kids to some extent
we're all teaching them what we know to
be true if we're aggressive and violent
with our children then we're teaching
them to be aggressive or violent or
we're teaching them to be fearful either
way we're spending our time teaching our
children by how we live in what we
invest inside of them I'm infecting
their brain with positive thoughts about
themselves because me I had to learn
that on my own to believe in myself that
I'm not a disappointment sometimes you
just got to preach to yourself right now
their minds are picking up everything
for the rest of their life they'll be
downloading information this is what I'm
brain watching my kids to believe that
they are strong that they are leaders
that God loves them that they are not
scared and that Jesus loves them every
day it's the same mantra so here's my
question for you what's your mantra
leave it in the comment section below
much love hey homie let's fight cuz I
got a problem with you I come on let's
fight come on let's go come on let's go
let's go buddy come on
come on sucker you're next
