what's Hermitage a tie for the occasion
ever on the red-eye yet I still feel the
need to
this is bleach my little brothers
singer/songwriter MC student and he's
our show for this week
fly like Mike but I never had a brother
change my mini kitchen that she mixing
up the living day I'll be writing in my
room since I slid into the ninth grade
just a young blue crab trying to make it
out the whole day she'll toes out plate
those man high school was wack you talk
back to my mom my lips get is back
I am and now this is our release party
on the bill is Ruslan Givens novice
comes is here and so Jeremiah asked us
for so long it's like my favorite song
that I ever did today
the lighting is horrible just better
anyway yeah so we're gonna perform that
song and I'm really excited about itself
they say be so glad somebody better tell
me how we get a beer I thought it was
flopping up us on the villains that
appear or spear coming feeling like I'm
in an ear but I don't feel playing a
rain down like me anything you never
feel of course kind of a feel of Boston
I took his name in vain I never make a
toast turn I got a little prayer then I
pop before the saying my name is
elevated like a pause
like apostrophes still pointing hi like
isosceles but still make it down like
the finest ingredients are right in the
mix I got four hopes for my children
that they would know God God would know
them that they'd be self-controlled and
that they would be able that they would
know how to take care of themselves and
yes I do think parents dreams for their
children can be limiting as parents we
can project a certain lifestyle on to
our kids and advertise that for their
whole lives
hoping that they will pursue that so
instead of trying to discover what God's
dreams are for them they end up trying
to make the parents happy
comparing happiness and God's plans for
the child can be in opposition since I
was eight people have been asked me what
I want to be when I grow up that's a lot
of pressure to put on a kid I was way
past growing up when I figured that out
my plan for my children is to expose
them to people who are living their
dreams in hopes that that would inspire
them to find out what it is they're
called to do with their life in the
comments section tell me how are you
helping your children discover their
dreams and if you don't have any kids
what are you doing to discover yours for
the next 20 days I'm going to be going
through a devotional on the YouVersion
Bible app called
God's dream for your life if you want to
join me follow me on Twitter we're gonna
use this hashtag and remember y'all Rock
stay yo you better had a Holy Ghost
Yuto wrong with you Katie I'm a good dad
I
