I lost the poopy spot there it is
so we decided to spend a couple of days
away from the children because we wanted
to karate chop each other and our sleep
like I would have gotten you before you
even at me I suppose
well because good times yo good times
oh this would be a cool time-lapse a
traveling rat fight this ledge based
poison is an antidote for boys and girls
would have thought could change the
world
changing the colors on the map that u.s.
saves in green when I paint Montana back
on shoot look it's marks eckers look you
gotta you gotta mean they're now saying
the chick you got the homie the horsey
oh yeah this this right here is two pi
that's being a rapper majestic music
high-five ready to watch him on that
trip yes I pull my leg my wife wants to
learn how to swim isn't that right I
want to learn how to swim without
getting my hair way okay enjoy what can
you like put your hand on my belly no
the other hand
yes like that no but both hands what now
okay she's gonna get a hair with the
most um these are paradise skills for
the Paradise Hills and so I can't afford
up ever nights feel this a favorite one
day I will don't have ever died so feels
I've been taking time just to time
laughs I had the time a day but never
had the time to turn the tables had the
time to take a token of appreciation
from all the bunch that I've spoken if I
had another token in the machine it
would give me more time I'm shortchanged
that's your boy get a diamond my gifts
and talents always seem shiny I had to
separate my kids from idols like they
sign these assurity walked up to me is
there
whoa now I'm stuck between the sharpie
in the soft place when they are filling
in line the next I feel like Scarface I
hand don't know my figure and never take
a heart thing
what's up
what bye
come downstairs right come downstairs
do you want me to come and get you did
you poop oh you smell like poop you
sleepy right oh yeah yeah I need another
diaper please new onesie we need a new
onesie the carpet is almost time for
that time how many more minutes into a
nap time five minutes
okay we Johnny Thunder evil is standing
on stage not a dick okay not dead not
gonna cook was not up there
no who's not in the bed no he's on a
stage yeah talking about so tacky
think you should just lay down go to
sleep and we can talk when you wake up
okay buddy oh this is that uncle's house
deals a dinosaur Wow okay okay buddy now
it's time for you to go to okay it's
time for you to get in bed that's the
lay down please okay okay I want to take
a little bit of time to talk about the
most important time of the day and that
is nap time that's the time where
basically parents can say do whatever
they want that time is the equivalent to
happy hour it's the light at the end of
the tunnel it's the point where we say
hey man hey lady you just got a couple
more hours you're halfway through you're
doing a great job but this is your time
of peace you can do whatever you want
now during this time I could choose to
come into the studio work on some music
I could choose to clean or cook I don't
care about waking up I don't care about
going back to sleep I need my nap time
nap time is all I ever wanted that time
doesn't last long enough and that time
is there's almost a myth sometimes when
the kids don't get their nap then
they're grumpy and then I'm grumpy
because I don't get my piece my time of
thought my time there to reflect and
look forward to something new that time
is is a sacred time for me it's it's my
time it's personal
I just want you to know how much I love
having two kids asleep at the same time
it's beautiful you may never understand
that and I feel sorry for you you don't
know how much time you have until you
don't have that time anymore if you have
time
cherish what if I'm not on the mic you
might see me spin it for my
brother-in-law John gives he opened up
for marriage at the House of Blues and
Anaheim vs. fans a pretty hardcore
they usually don't rock for anybody else
a true MC can rock any crowd at this
point I knew John had already won him
over
say subscribe subscribe to the channel
alright thank you good job buddy
high-five
