I mean in the forecast and say anything
about this whoa we have been in Dallas
for the past couple days and this is a
loft in Dallas and we just have to give
a big shout out to this Airbnb which
pretty much sponsored us being here so
big shout out to quest for having us
here and here's some footage of our kids
enjoying this huge loft right in
downtown Dallas
she's fine
you're okay no you can have some more
potato so you want more potatoes baby no
you can't have this you can have it
later she went in the cabinet and
grabbed this right put it in your mouth
yeah take a bite like always here to
start like what do we got a minimum I'll
talk about what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
focus on but if you start and have a
Jenner idea your fans will tell you what
they love about you right and you'll be
like okay I can get with that and you
have to figure out what you identify in
their love so if they say you know we
love the fact that you're a black
truffle in here so it's like you can do
anything you want as long as you keep
that in the floor
but some people will say like Kavita oh
I love the fact that you
hey what's up y'all believe here we got
some friends with us meet SOPA and
Anthony rush hi
he bets over here coming up for no
reason look we are doing a meet-up at
this location and then this time 6:30
make sure you call if you'd like to make
a call please hang up and try again
so Glenn and I are in Texas we're in
Texas attending a conference yeah that's
what we're here
well our good friends whom we've never
met
the Vergara's vigorous forgive me if I'm
butchering her name they live seven
hours away from where we are and they
said they're gonna drive here to visit
us and meet us in person and so we
decided to keep it a surprise
from Glenn I'm hoping he doesn't know
there's really no way he would know
unless he read my text messages which
he did have my phone the other night but
he was air-dropping himself
she was air-dropping pictures and videos
to himself so anyway uh yeah so I'm
walking back to my room here he left the
conference and he's back at our place
and so I'm walking back to meet Emily
and RJ and I'm just walking to our
Airbnb with them and I want to record
the whole thing so yeah I'm excited
okay here we go oh my goodness I
wouldn't be a good wife if I didn't
record this also oh my goodness hi no
you really well but we do the conference
wait come here I promise you won't be
disappointed
some of you guys are wondering what I'm
so excited for who is this guy
we've never met well this is RJ and
Emily Vergara they helped me finish my
children's book it's bedtime now
this project was only a dream a year and
a half ago and he illustrated the whole
thing his wife Emily helped me finish a
story for our families to be in the same
room it's an honor speaking of family
while in Dallas we all seem to come
together like family there was no forced
conversations or negativity
it was just love and that same love
spilled over into our manor
I'm gonna show ya
I'm in the South yeah and the kid from
the West born in the East where my my
heart on my sleeve tramming him be my
guest
Beauty Abby's she gave me three and I
gave her all all of the things other no
other no brings another one now that if
right now cut it up being let melanin
already yeah okay all right cool
this is a comida two different brands
and families kind of meeting up for I
don't know it's the first time like we
met each other this week and then like I
don't know it just feels like
everybody's so like family-oriented you
know to me so honestly like I'm glad to
have everybody who's here just to be
here you know I mean so thank you guys
so much for coming and showing up so we
appreciate you guys but if anyone has
any questions about a certain episode or
like a theme or like entrepreneurship
how to get started um for me I think I
just started because from when I loved
Jesus and then I got married to this man
this is my husband if y'all don't know
my beautiful husband but I don't know I
just I didn't really have any fears
sharing my faith with anybody because
that's what I do
I just love just talking about Jesus to
everybody I come into contact with so
just putting it out there on social
media there wasn't really any fears I
don't know I just created my brand
because that's what I love so for me it
was simple I don't really have like a
aha moment or anything that was like cuz
I have a lot of people asking me like
how did you get started I said I just
started posting
so just posting figure out what you love
what you're passionate about and then
running with it so that's how I started
yeah I started in I started with my wife
asking me you know what's my five-year
plan and I couldn't tell her I was a
rapper just rapping and so like right
now I'm stretched super thin so I had a
friend over last night he was like yo
you're doing too much trying to do
puppies he's trying to do
podcast trying to YouTube you know
saying like you're doing too much I am
you're right but I know that if I work
hard at this point when when everything
flips I'll be able to hire certain
people to be honest I think the hardest
part is like knowing when to say no
there's a lot of opportunities that come
your way for exposure or for the kingdom
you know I just can't do it
