happy Mother's Day I am currently a
stay-at-home mom and prior to that I was
a teacher I was teaching for seven years
I taught math I had a hard time
balancing it with motherhood working and
very long it was it wasn't hard I mean
it was hard life it was very challenging
at times for the
our mommy of those hair routine is to
ask for help and to ask for days off and
what you've got dad because my husband
was a stay-at-home character there for
years and he knows what it's like
so often times will give me a day here
and there to just go and have some time
to myself to do whatever I need we call
the mental health days so and that could
look like me going out for a hike I sure
would like me to get the flowers to go
sit at a coffee shop and write a blog
right or if you just you me and I'm
going to turn it by myself or my hair
done or a self care is important that
going in a power but I really enjoy
going on hikes I'm gonna take a nature
person I'm a believer and I just feel
like motherhood has opened my eyes to
the heart
a lot more now as a mother than I did as
just a woman and so it's amazing I
understand the love grace the sacrifice
I understand I wouldn't say I understand
it all but I'm sure there's so much more
for me to even understand better but
that has is how it's affected my
personal journey I'm super proud to
share my husband with my children I feel
like I don't know if I can say I chose
him or if he chose me but we chose each
other and I feel like I chose a really
good table for them and so I know that
they know I hope that they know how
blessed they are to have and as their
dad one of the things that growing up we
didn't grow up around record what family
they were all over the East Coast my
parents did a good job of creating or
establishing a village for my brothers
and I
them and so I feel like I recreated that
village for my kids so they have loved
ones that aren't necessarily blood
related but that are people who love
them and care for them almost as deeply
as myself and my husband do and so I'm
proud to pass that down to them
I'm grateful that my parents allowed me
to see the importance of it and I hope
that my children grow up seeing the
importance of it so that was my age and
they're establishing their own companies
that they're able to also recreate the
village that would help them to grow and
develop take care of life so I really
believe that being a mom or getting to a
charge of motherhood is easier when I
started my because I don't I know I
didn't do it I mean I probably couldn't
do it without American out there doing
it on their home and kudos to you but I
just definitely couldn't do without my
husband I didn't do about the Lord one
of the things I would think to myself
and that has helped so much but I also
have to say like my mom tried
I have other women who I surround myself
with who aren't similar seasons of
motherhood or who are it seasons beyond
where I am and if I'm able to impart
wisdom for me when I am having those
challenging days and so to be that's
very important so my husband the Lord
the Lord my husband and my mom they are
definitely very helpful so I will say
this I only knew the hell Mama's are
doing it for about a year now is one of
the most little-known facts or something
that I just didn't really realized when
I became a stay-at-home mom is that
there are no days off like it's
literally a 24/7 job you know how I got
where people walk in and hot house and
you can even bring work home and do it
but you're making actually do it but
I've failed why did you there's nothing
you're just always there that's good see
even when you're like that technically
taking the bracelet off your mind is
still thinking about everything
I've heard it said before that people
are always wondering like like they
don't necessarily want to have more
children because they just don't think
their heart has any more room to grow
and I will say this I have three and
there's no such thing
but you love just as much as you love
the others there it's like I need to
know why so don't let that stop you from
having more if that's one of the beans
and rice
