what's up y'all watching belief and
father my name is belief and yesterday I
was supposed to upload a video kind of
highlighting someone in my village of my
tribe and I didn't get to do that
yesterday because zero sleep I went and
recorded one of my closest friends
competing in that Half Ironman in
Oceanside now one thing you have to
understand about me is that I need like
stories for me like I'm crazy about
stories you know I'm saying like I I
have to document stories and when I see
a good story sometimes I just can't help
but just document it and I feel like I
achieved that what you're gonna watch is
Pat Lynch you guys may remember him from
a video I did last year doing Veda where
he was talking about like his family and
he has six kids and he's actually Theo
you Ryan and I his Godfather and um you
know it's just someone I always champion
is one of our closest friends he's the
person when the event are having issues
we sit down on him and his wife's couch
are we talking out there great referees
great people and also to Pastor our
church but what I when I got to witness
yesterday for me was like I don't know I
just like it inspired me and so I hope
that the story that I'm gonna tell right
now as far as you just watch thousands
of athletes from all over the world
competing in this year's Ironman
Triathlon impressive they won't be
swimming and then biking then running I
leave so yeah it's a lot of these
athlete I mean I think it's inspiring
just to do it at all but some of them
have really inspiring stories good
morning
there's all my hydration for race I got
water that I'll need off to the races
750 armies 30 ounces of electrolytes
another 24 ounces of electrolytes cannot
fit in it another 24 ounces of
electrolytes caffeinated and then this
goes on my bike and the magic pills
tums is you're gonna put your body
through some stuff and your tummy may
not feel good food for the bike almond
butter a little bit of protein powder
banana and maple syrup story Pernilla I
should just drive down there like this
oh that looks really cool
you look like Frozone oh good
you got everything yeah
our job I give you down the transition
tell me okay
how are you ever gonna know your
capacity if you don't push yourself
beyond and and spill over you're never
gonna know and there's something that
happens burst
it's called transition and it's the
moment that that woman is like okay I've
walked for nine months however long but
my body got to the point where it's like
okay I'm done and I'm now going to
covering the confucian and we're gonna
we're gonna see manifests the thing
that's been growing in me and the moment
between the body saying now's the time
and the time that that child takes its
first breath is called transition and in
that transition is where everything
happens so when the body says open up
it's wins most painful it's when there's
pressure it's what every woman is afraid
of it's when they coach through it's
when they throw their hand up and go I
can do this it's when they won't quit
transition is uncomfortable but it's
actually necessary and if you didn't
walk through transition you would never
see the fruit of the transition but we
never focus on the transition we focus
on the fruit and so we look at the child
and we're like wow this is success but
just the fruit of success success took
place five minutes ago why pursue
this comes why is that why is there
something that you you go after the
triathlon I've learned it to my life I
could be wrong but typically the most
difficult choices that I have to make if
I choose the hard path it's going to be
the most fruitful so it's not easy
training six days a week running biking
swimming when I had six kids at home
wife and I'm leading an organization
that is thriving and I have other
relationships around me yet I have to
carve out this time to put my body in a
physically uncomfortable place
however physically I'm reaping more
rewards physically from my fitness than
I ever have I have to get on the road or
run I have to get in the gym I have to
get in and swim I have to get on the
bike and ride I can't sit and think
about it or look at it but I'm also not
sitting back and saying hey you should
get in shape physically spiritually
emotionally and I haven't done it myself
I am never going to ask someone to do
something that I haven't done myself
no more average God told me five years
ago I need to go start that business and
I haven't done it and maybe that
business that you need to go start is
gonna revolutionize something that's
gonna bring freedom to entire cities
maybe it's going to end poverty in parts
of nations that need to be fed and they
need influence financially I don't know
what God has for you but it's unique to
you and it's your race and I want to see
Jesus come into your life and change
your life it is not good enough that my
life has been changed and I don't see
lives change around to me this starts
today did you know that the kingdom that
the person next to you needs infused
into their life you're carrying right
now there's a thousand light bulbs that
are going off all at once when we begin
to understand that you're a carrier of
the kingdom I don't have to be the one
it's not one light illuminating
everything every single one of you your
kingdom carriers when you turn and you
say I'm releasing the kingdom in this
person's life the whole room is
illuminated by it's like a thousand
little lights my dad want this book it's
about us the Shakopee but turn it down I
mean from dollars
