what's up y'all my name is belief you
were watching belief in the Fatherhood
Veda edition vlog every day in April I
had my own personal schedule for Veda if
you want to see that go ahead and look
in the description below Wednesdays are
about reviews okay now this is not a
particular review on one thing this is
my suggestion for the starter kit if you
want to be a digital storytelling like
me okay now after I'll tell you what you
need physically like the tools and
equipment you need I'm gonna then talk
about the mental aspect of it which I
could go on forever about but let's just
try to keep it short this time the first
piece of equipment you need is your
smartphone okay this is the essential
piece you always have it on you it has a
great camera slow-mo time-lapse and even
apps like filmic Pro ok if you haven't
heard of filmic Pro it's an app that
captures video it's so amazing it allows
you to adjust the exposure it allows you
to adjust like the the depth of
field and I'll show you just incidence
so right now if you look at this I can
adjust the exposure and make it lighter
and you can do this on an iPhone as well
just as a tap but you really can't
change the depth right here and the
focus and with my hand right now that's
what I'm doing it allows me to do all
that this is really cool habits about
$15 and it's pretty much the most
versatile video app for the iPhone and I
think it's for Android as well but the
iPhone your smartphone is the perfect
age that you start with so many people
talk about yah when a big camera when a
nice camera and the reason why I prefer
to use the iPhone is because I record my
children you know what I'm saying and
recording them takes a little bit more
of a stealth mode and so when I'm
recording them and I'm talking to the
most of the time I have
like this and I know that I'm getting
the shot I check to make sure I'm
recording I know I'm getting the shot
but this is not a distraction if I had a
really really really big camera it would
distract from the moment and take away
from some of the authenticity of the
shot you know and so I like to use the
iPhone because it's very discreet and I
always have it on me it does so much in
so little time I don't have to prepare
out the set of lights
I just capture the story okay the second
piece I would say is hanging a tripod
okay so I use is this Joby Gorillapod it
also helps with my DSLR but this is
basically like my little tripod mounts
kind of goes like this type situation
that's really it and I use that for
getting um you know still shots like
this when I'm talking into the camera to
set up a shot that's pretty much far
away and I know like I'm washing dishes
and the kids might be doing something
and I just like to have the whole room
shot you don't I mean it's so I think
this is really important like a first
things first make sure you have
something for your phone to stand on
mainly because now the phones are so
round shape they don't like set up you
know what I mean like they used to like
the older phones older phones you can
basically just sit it like this and it
will record everything you know what I'm
saying
but we don't have that anymore because
everyone's going for like this sleek
look so I would suggest getting a tripod
okay that's number one number two and
this is I mean this is not a sponsored
video or anything like that in the
beginning I had two problems um I didn't
feel comfortable in front of the camera
amended because the camera was so close
and I don't really use the front-facing
camera I don't
do it like like I don't do it like this
just because it also feels do what I
need to shave
what so one of the things I wanted to do
especially as someone who has multiple
children and I'm recording multiple
children I wanted to get a wider shot so
I invested and got me a moment lens no
moment is a startup company they are
brilliant at making iPhone lenses ok
this lens runs at about a hundred
dollars I believe this is the why the
new version of the white I had the
original version but this new version is
is really clean it's great glass if you
look at the detail if you look at the
detail on this thing you can just see
like it's like the the craftsmanship is
crazy on this thing
yeah I really like this lens but you
really can't get the lens without
getting a case ok so let's top cases
moment makes a regular case I think it's
like $29 the first version of this case
was horrible but this is the second
version and it's it's a great case I
would say get this a hundred percent
it's about twenty nine bucks you stick
your phone in you attach your phone and
line up the lines twist and it's locked
in you know what I'm saying like you're
not gonna have a lot of issues with this
thing coming off like it's it's great
now I love this lens because I don't
want to look at the front facing camera
and realize oh I need a haircut oh oh I
got a pimple oh man I look rough I don't
want to do this anymore you know what
I'm saying like I can just look at the
lens and know and be confident that the
shot is being caught and it's wide
enough you know what I'm saying so if
your riot was to run past me right now
in the back I could then go in and like
follow him you know what I'm saying like
yeah I really mess with this okay so I
would suggest a case in a moment lens
alright let's talk about audio okay so
next we're gonna talk about audio when I
first started doing this people would in
my comments section or when they meet me
say hey man I really love
I love your stuff but your audios
horrible please do something about the
audio and most of the time I was working
with like broken iPhones and iPhones
that fell into water and so the
microphones got damaged but I had to
invest in it some way so first I got
this right here this is a rode videomic
meat and it's complete trash don't even
waste your time getting this it's like
60 bucks don't waste your time okay
sure actually makes a incredible
microphone for the iPhone it's called
the shirt and the 88 i heavily cosign
this this has a great app that works
with it as well
it has a wind screw little windscreen
right here that you can attach it's just
a really really really great piece of
equipment you know the audio is a little
bit low which means you could turn it
again and post you know what I'm saying
so I really do love this piece of
equipment so this is like the third
thing I would get after I got my tripod
and then I got my white lens I would get
one of these actually this is probably
most important but if you're working
with a device like the battery phone
case with the moment this even though it
connects it doesn't send information
through you know what I'm saying so
that's why I prefer to mess with the
original little setup here like that
okay
cinematically this gimbal has been the
best investment for me it kind of set me
apart I had two things about my videos I
sent me apart one the words on the
screen subtitles and to be slow-mo
cinematic action shots with me chasing
the kids around with this gimbal okay
this is a khumba cam 3 axis gimbal for
smartphone and I wouldn't co-sign this
company their customer service isn't all
that great but there are some other
great gimbals that actually my buddy
Ruslan did a review on those so if you
click right here you'll be able to see
that but having a 3 axis gimbal is
something that really sets it and it
works easy this right here it's like a
little makeshift weight that I put on
there it's just a bunch of washers and
the screw to kind of screw it into place
the GIMP in just gets those cinematic
shots that makes everything this looks
all clean it's just it's just smooth you
know what I'm saying it's what I'm
chasing the kids around I always shoot
in slow-mo and I just run after them and
as they're running it up and I'm just
trying to keep the shot on them you know
what I'm saying and it makes everything
look so clean and then I chop it to the
beat yeah this is probably my favorite
investment overall was this the wide
shot this right here this the moment
lens is more of a device for you the
audio device to sure microphone is
mobilized device for you this right here
I feel like it's specifically for the
Creator it allows me so much ability and
post and like it just sets me apart so I
would suggest getting one of these this
was about three hundred dollars but I
think they're a lot cheaper now at 180
you know what I mean but I got this like
I'm right around like 4000 subscribers
you know what I'm saying so it was
something it was an early investment
this sure microphone is about
50 the moment lens is about a hundred
bucks the smartphone stabilizer is a
good tripod a smartphone mount will run
you about 20 to 30 dollars this is about
150 or 180 or something like that but
that's because it works with my DSLR the
moment lens is gonna run you about 100
bucks the microphone is gonna run you
about $150 and a good stabilizing gimbal
is gonna run you about to 180 to 250 all
right you already have your smart phone
if you don't don't play yourself the
mount and the moment melts in case it's
gonna run you about $29 so altogether
you're looking at less than $600 you can
get all of this all right
now some cameras cost $600 I would
suggest getting something like this
because it's just an easy grab and go
kit you can stick it all in a bag it
doesn't take up much space it allows you
enough versatility to do everything you
need to do especially if you're like
going to the zoo to the park or
something like that it's just it's just
a great starter kit so this is what I
would suggest for you now I'm gonna take
I'm gonna try to take like one
okay so now I'm gonna talk about the
mental aspect of creating content on
YouTube it's not my philosophy that we
should try to be getting everybody you
know what I'm saying like I think you
should try to get your people
not everybody's people you know what I'm
saying so if you go viral and that's a
good thing when you go viral off of a
like my lie detector video went viral
big shout out to Corbett who built that
device he's a frickin amazing he's
brilliant and I kinda want to show you
guys how to never do like that video did
so well but people who saw that video
thought all I did was lie detectors you
know what I'm saying
and so when you cast that wide net and
you get all those people who come to you
to see a certain niche it doesn't allow
you to create the creative ability to
just be free you know what I'm saying
make one of these videos if you want and
make a my son stole something video or
cook or tell the story of your
grandmother or whatever it doesn't allow
you to do all that because you've kind
of set in to a niche but some people
want to do that like some people want to
go strictly for the comedy thing I have
friends slice and rice just hit on a
cake congrats to them they want to do
the comedy thing you know understand
some sketches and all that stuff is them
but I may do a sketch I may do cooking
like I want to do it all and I know that
makes you know my growth a little slower
and I'm okay with that but you have to
be okay with what you have going on you
can't compare yourself to everyone else
it's so much more about the story or
telling than it is about the equipment
that you have my wife didn't want to be
on believe your father
we don't say so even if first of all
like making content on YouTube is not
for everybody but even if it is for you
it may not be for your spouse it may not
be for your children if you look at the
early episodes I believe her father and
you'll see that my wife was not on those
videos because she was comfortable and
then when she started to see the value
she got comfortable and now it's easier
for me to do whatever I want to do
because the value I see the value she's
the value we all see the value you know
what I'm saying and I only want people
who want me like I don't want everybody
like I'm okay when people say you know I
liked your concept before but I don't
like it anymore because you're not doing
lie detector test oh I like your content
but I don't think anymore because you
know you're talking about God like I'm
gonna talk about whatever I want cause
it's my channel and that's the thing
it's like on your channel you have to be
you have to keep it real with yourself
you can't try to appeal to everybody if
you do then you're gonna live and die by
those comments in the comment section
can get real ruthless you know what I'm
saying especially on a viral video
that's all I got for you today I hope
you are well on this gloomy April
morning here in California I hope the
weather's better where you are I'm
headed to Wisconsin before a speaking
event I'm gonna be speaking at the
University of Wisconsin stout if you're
available come through 7:00 p.m. I think
a 6 6 p.m. I'll be speaking there anyway
and if you just want to come by you know
give a hug handshake and a fist bump we
can do that all right
particularly I keep your network poppy
Kimmy let's clap
