what I'll be honest believe here with
another episode of belief and fatherhood
Veda edition vlog every day in April
Tuesdays for Veda are all about Fitness
okay so this is the beginning of our
fitness journey I must show this video
to you I'm really excited for the
progress my wife and I have made and
it's awesome that we get to do it
together as a couple
enjoy okay so working out with your
spouse it's like a fire a fire didn't
either good no read it's how you use it
if you're using the right way keep you
warm you can use it to do a lot of
positive things but if this fire gets
out of control it can take down you and
a lot of people around you the same
thing with the relationship especially
working out with your wife so if these
two can harness the energy that and
encouragement and motivation that they
each have you can use it towards the
other person it can be very powerful but
in this journey if it becomes a little
bit of jealousy or a tug-of-war or
anything like that I can destroy the the
journey but these two have God in their
life and I know that that third strand
can kind of build this and strengthen it
so I really look forward to this to grow
the relationship and not be used against
them oh my gosh is it the time of day
what is it the penalty wait what what
really see you then alright which where
we got today today is the buffet I'm
gonna take what Glenn said the heart he
said I make him do things that he
doesn't like so today he gets to choose
his poison so I'm giving him a board
where he gets to pick and choose any of
the different styles of training that he
wants and we can't perform those I
brought shoes for bodybuilding who will
be their last
Yeah right after she commits her brownie
now I want someone tell me how pretty I
am we start with the usually the hardest
movement that's gonna take the most
amount of energy so for you it's gonna
be the powerlifting yeah for you it's
gonna we got a surprise me on there all
right we're gonna go with CrossFit okay
all right all right
so CrossFit is we're gonna start with
yours it's typically a setup program and
we see either you're kind of either your
timed how much how fast can I do these
designated exercises the faster we do
them it shows me the more intense you
ordering it or I give you a designated
time and you show me how many rounds you
can do in that designated of time okay
today we're gonna do a timed workout
ready - it's called an AMRAP
as many rounds as possible in a given
time that I give you okay so we'll set
up the sequence of movements that I'm
gonna give you and then you're gonna
tell me at the end of the designated
times rich I completed so many rounds
and 5 4 3 2 1
Lucy man that was plated I got animals
in it and my gorillas go Katie sighs
heavily why not why not go with us go
baby sighs don't your bucks up your
Westside
this a man that was playing I gotta move
my car it is located signs up why God
why
I love the sound of that - that's
awesome that's what we call warrior cry
right there he's doing good yeah yeah
we'll find a style that he kind of
really likes and we'll see how he how
much he gets stronger we're gonna keep a
tally of all his his records and goals
and we'll see by the end of this journey
what kind of new numbers we got with
this chiseled physique we're developing
better you eat the less you have to run
oh we just say uh we just took yeah yeah
the better he eats the less he has to
run wrong here women are totally
different dimension how do you feel yeah
baby you were over there working hard
it's been so long since I worked out
with this intense me
but I'm game this is day two working
with rich no I was 135 28 when I met him
on Monday and today I was 133 point four
so that was nice for me to see and for
me to continue pushing myself today also
seeing that weight go down makes me want
to do better at eating I had a brownie
I'm not gonna lie when I caught him on
camera you farted gonna insert that clip
right stop no over your mouth
what's in there what's in there no my
dad want this book it's about us the
shock of baby right put your knees down
only dollars
let's fly
