so you should just go upstairs in your
room and sit in your bed it's happened a
couple times with vo has taken toys out
of his friend's house it's just like
been a days friend's house saw something
he like put it in his pocket and like
brought it here you know I'm saying but
I asked him when he got home like first
it was a phone and then he took the
phone brought it here and I was like
whose phone is this and then he always
like oh it's Levi's and he took you know
one of the phones that Levi's played
with and then he's been doing it but
this is the longest time that he's
actually had one of these things he had
this since we were in New Orleans which
was the beginning of February so he said
it for like a month now these Power
Ranger power stars ninja power stars is
that with her all right Bo okay so he
took these from Levi and he's been
hiding them successfully where'd you
find these at my border took them away
from me last night I was I didn't take
them they're here but my brother dick
and then he sucks
he started strong uplifted and then and
then leave I said killing take them away
from your house and then he said no
first of all you shouldn't have been
going through his pockets right you did
find it usually what I had to do was
after like frist feel when we leave
someone's house I check his pockets I
check his backpack I check everything
but he's been hiding these for a month
which makes he's only getting better and
more like advanced with his hiding
techniques you know under saying in his
lying and so this is a problem you know
I mean like this is what comes to you at
age five Mariah
I love you and I thank you for telling
me the truth but you sir are a snitch
and I will never trust you
steered us yeah so now Theo's upstairs
crying I told him that you know good
friends don't take things from other
friends and so he might not be a good
friend he's not a good friend if he
takes things from his friends and so
feels having to deal with the weight
he's having to deal with the weight of
that and so I don't think this is like
you know the punishment is now okay
brother you know I can't like spank this
out of him
you know I'm saying like this is
something he's gonna have to learn not
to do you know if you see things he
wants he takes it that's just normal
behavior it's just like if they were
fighting over something and he snatched
out of his hand you know but he doesn't
understand what theft is he doesn't
understand what stealing is but he gonna
learn nobody say brothers responsibility
call me by and tell him that oh because
it's okay you can't tell them that
that's possible well it's just none of
your business
it has nothing to do with you if your
brother took it from Levi that's between
your brother and Levi
not you but I do appreciate you telling
me though no no no no see there you go
trying to gossip again I get to tell
your mom okay
cuz it's her son you don't get the
teller riah do you get to say anything
to mommy about what happened yeah okay
why not
because say is gossip and we don't
gossip do you gossip yeah okay so let me
tell my riot comes downstairs and says
look at what my brother brought and got
from Levi's house and his show
huh shot right he shows me
ninja power pulled those out of his
pocket and I was wondering where those
came from
yes yeah he has had them since it was
that - I told you you can't say nothing
he can't put any toy it's how he
physically gives those things back to
Levi and apologize I said let me see it
momentum hey are you and Levi home okay
the O has to bring something over there
to bring to me okay I'm gonna come over
with the camera so make sure your
burgundy robe is clean or maybe the O
has to do it himself buddy okay you
cannot be the one to say it I know you
want to tell everybody's business but
it's not your responsibility okay steals
responsibility do now listen you took
Levi's things do you know that you can
go to jail for this do you know that the
police can come and get you and take you
away do you want to be away from us yeah
okay listen listen I know that you made
a mistake by taking this but you've done
this before
okay you've taken things from Levi's
house before and that is not okay who
else other people's house that is not
okay you need to be a responsible young
man I'm sorry can I finish what I'll be
an interrupt you need to be responsible
and not take things that do not belong
to you
I tell you all the time not to touch my
stuff or you touch it anyway
and I tell you not to take people stuff
that's why I check your pocket sometimes
when we need people's house but you can
go to jail for taking people's things do
you want the police to come and get you
do you want me to take you to the jail
no you want to live here and live nice
and have your own things do you like the
toys that you have okay well I need you
to play with those toys and keep those
you understand okay now we're going for
a ride I'm gonna give these to you okay
and you're not gonna keep them at all I
love you dad
no listen listen listen listen I love
you a lot okay but what I what I love
about you is that you are my son okay
and I love everything that you have
become and how smart you are and how you
talk and how cute you are and you love
to run like the dads and you like to do
all these things but I do not like that
you like to steal that's not it that's
not something my son has in them you
understand stand up you can't be mad at
me I didn't do it okay I need you stand
up so how do you think that was then go
up you threw me off with the tongue you
love him think well I felt like what the
crane is a very emotional kid he's
emotional but that doesn't change the
fact that he needs to know this is how
you do it you say I love you but I don't
have to do it the way you do it I'm a
different
oh babe I don't have to do it that way
you have to do it that way you have to
tell them you love them every time you
talk to him like that I don't have to do
that but you saw how he reviews your
voice he was like that's okay it's okay
if you cries that is alright I'm okay
with him crying that's fine what I'm not
okay with is him taking other people's
things and taking my things
I don't like you but that time he made
sure her she's but you know what he
saved me calories you weren't thinking
all calories back then you got the
calories right there
you probably lived the rapper I'm okay
with him being upset
and I'm okay with him being like scared
to go to jail I'm okay with all that but
I'm not okay I'm doing this
I do think you might be a good field
trip though like do we know any police
officers you know um I don't I don't
want to do that it's not yet yeah to
soon you know saying I scared straight
type stuff you know what I mean he's
only five I would never tell him
anything to the police
I can handle to myself I hope that these
words don't come back to eat you bite me
right I just think the behavior has to
be addressed yes yeah but I don't think
do you think he's scared straight now
he's you know he's scared sure he will
be scared when he have to tow Levi that
he sorry for being a bad friend and
taking his toys
it did right and that is toddler four
facts
that's toddler tougher facts that
happened there you go we're gonna take
you somewhere hey man I'm not mad at you
like I'm not mad at you I'm mad at the
decisions you made I think that you made
I think you know better you don't say I
think you know not to take things I
think you've learned that already I know
you know this because you've done it
before and I told you not to do it
my question is why did you do it why do
you why did you take those things if you
know you know it wasn't right
I don't think you're a bad friend I
think you did a bad thing okay
sometimes good friends make bad
decisions but if one of my friends took
something from me I wouldn't want to be
his friend anymore what'd you say you
having a hard life well that's
definitely true go ahead no no no no no
no no no listen tell them what happened
to you
they say I'm sorry yeah I say I won't
take anything from your house ever again
come over here Levi he's not done he's
not done I won't take anything from your
house ever again what who take him he to
them he's not gonna do that anymore okay
okay give right give Levi hugging and
we're going bye-bye now
excuse me you don't get to stop and be
upset or anything it hurts your heart
hurts imma cut the pockets out to be the
finest ingredients are right in the mix
as much as this urgency that hurt me
more if you never better besides in the
end of losing a war your heart kind of
crazy that thinks a natural will not
always talk let me know you're the light
always come to shine on the dark and if
I'm honest I'm learning these things
right now on my own if you don't get it
now it's gonna be even harder than
growing if you don't hate nothing else I
say I need you to listen then there's
nothing in the world that stops a man
with discipline there's proverbs 31 talk
if you need some wisdom then open up
that book and take a look I'm looking
forward to looking back on these times
and seeing how lessons was blessings in
every disciplinary action was like an
investment and I know you only filed but
if I let it slide then
this action might slip into what habit
it ride on the wave in an addiction you
only feel when you captured you caught
an undertone when you try make your own
deception I see it right in your soul I
know her so bad
no we're so bad I know you feel so sad I
know you feel so sad but if it won't
last
it was gonna guys thank you guys so much
for watching believer fatherhood hope
this episode was beneficial for you as
it was for me and learning how to be a
better father and learning how to
confront things head on but bow this
book is out for pre-order it's bedtime
now it's a book that I just wrote please
support it if you can it cost $30 on the
website $30 is quite an investment but
you get an e-book you get an audio book
and you get it signed and you get it
early if you want to support us by this
the link is right here and I hope that
you protect your life and keep your
network popping I'll see you later peace
