it is waves are falling okay I believe
this is a horrible idea they closed the
door but kids are coming didn't burn
that bad
what's up guys my name is belief from
belief in fatherhood and here are my
thoughts on the H and M ed I don't even
know if I'm mad
am i mad in my man am i mad at least
mister do I have a right to be mad
couple more bunny but am I mad but no
I'm not mad and the reason why I'm not
mad because hnoms clothes last like five
minutes it's not like they're the best
I'll let you know so like just don't
shop there they're not that tight to me
you're not saying like now some people
may be like y'all hmm it wasn't for H&M
I wouldn't have any clothes to wear to
school I get it you know I mean but me
personally I'm not upset at H&M they're
dumb just dumb that's it these companies
aren't smart do I think we should take
our marketing dollars and put it
somewhere else
sure yes yes I think we should I think
we should take our money and put it
somewhere else that cares more about how
we are perceived in commercial marketing
and advertising I feel like it's like
duh you know I'm saying um but I really
had to think and choose to be mad and
honestly in 2018 I'm not falling for the
same 2017 games you know what I'm saying
like I'm not gonna choose to like
boycott
none time even I don't shop there anyway
but I'm not gonna go out my way to be
mad it's a fight against advertisers
when people are being killed in the
streets like there's a difference
between being perceived negatively and
advertising and being seen Oh
or is there a difference the thing is
the reason I these companies are so
stupid is because they don't understand
that everything connects you're not I'm
saying like if we are perceived if our
children are perceived as animals in the
media then they also perceive as animals
outside you know what I'm saying so I
understand that negative connotation to
the monkey thing I'm not really that
upset and the reason is because I'm just
not choosing to give myself over to that
you know I mean like I literally have to
teach money
hey do come here what do you think if
someone called you a monkey
that's very plastic when someone calls
you a monkey does that mean or nice why
because that's nice because it's not me
look Mickey is like a monkey one more
time okay you said monkey is like a
monkey from the animal and what are you
what are you your power ranger okay I'm
now at a point in like okay do I teach
my kids to be offended about certain
terms you know I mean like the n-word
for instance if someone calls my son
that inward which they do all the time
and they call him a monkey all the time
on YouTube like in the comment section
on some of the viral videos that have
not been I have to choose to be upset
about that you know what I mean like I
refuse to let anyone mess up my energy
at all I Know Who I am my children know
who they are
Theo knows he says well it's nice I'm
not a monkey like a monkey is an animal
I'm not an animal you know what I mean
like we have to make sure that we aren't
passing down the the terms like I don't
feel like it's our responsibility to
teach our kids what the negative terms
are now they will go out in society and
they'll learn that stuff you know I'm
saying and I am responsible for telling
them how to react to that but identity
is so important for our children we need
to let them know who they are and so
someone calls me the n-word I know who I
am you know I'm saying like that really
doesn't offend me like it doesn't it can
like I Know Who I am you know what I'm
saying my son knows he's not a monkey
you know who you are if someone was to
come to me and tell me that God isn't
real that doesn't offend me because I
know who God is and I know that he's
real you know what I mean so the truth
is the truth a lie is alive the problem
is with the advertisement companies is
that they try to flip it in it's very
subtle it happens very subtle in the
culture you got to be an idiot to miss
something like this you don't have said
like you've got to be completely off and
trying trying to be offensive in order
to miss something like this so I don't
know man I think you guys have to choose
what you want to be mad about and I'm
just not I'm just refusing to be mad
about this like I can't do it I did feel
some type of way with dubbed it is and
that's because I was like working on a
project with him at that time but now
I'm like dang do I really want to be up
no I don't I'm not giving them my money
now my wife actually probably we
actually probably do shop at H&M for the
kids but not for myself so yeah this is
a dilemma I don't know exactly how this
affects us yet um but I know we need to
stop being like negatively portrayed in
advertising and the only thing I have an
issue with it's not once why I really
can't be upset about this is because my
son was on Billboard's around the
country around the world positive like
my child Theo was chosen like his face
was all across the world in a positive
light
so all these companies are bad sometimes
they just missed the mark you know what
I mean um man I cannot complain I can't
be the one to complain you know I'm
saying I really am interested what the
kids the kid parent you know parents
think about you know what happened or if
the money was worth it if it was my son
and they said hey we want to put your
son in this thing well they sent me back
the thing together to prove out him in
like nah you can't do that
just because I know what it means to
people and I have to protect my son on
how they're perceived you don't
understand but if my son wanted to wear
a jacket that had coulis monkey on it oh
that's difficult I think I will let him
wear it
if he wanted to wear it because it's all
about how he perceives himself and not
how other people perceive him and if
black people look at me like I'm a fool
for that my son wear that hoodie but he
wanted to wear it because I cuz then I
then would have to teach him hey you
can't wear that because of what people
are going to think about you and that's
exactly what I don't want to do is teach
him to do anything based on what people
are going to say or think I just want
him to do the right thing you know them
to do the right thing and so you gotta
pick your battles man I'm not I'm not
I'm not going there so let me know what
you think argue offended by the hmm add
or not leave it in the comment section
thank you so much for watching this
video protects like keep your network
private
