okay so guys where are we on our way to
good I can't I quit where are we on our
way to where are we going okay so we're
just leaving we're about to leave
sprouts we just picked up some snacks to
go to the beach it's a December day and
we have CDs because super hot outside
not only is this if you're hot but a
super windy I don't know if you can tell
by the trees how do i zoom in you can't
really tell right now but it's super
windy
I've already so the boy is that if it's
to Wendy let me get there and then
you're gonna have to have a plan B so
it's crazy windy outside and there's
fires going on
it's really windy which means that the
fires are probably headed this way
I'm actually smell fire the wind
and actually you can see the smoke
rising so this is clear air this is all
smoke okay we made it to the beach it's
not as bad as I expected it to be as far
as the wind factor is concerned what do
you do I need you to sit there while I
set up okay then you come around my way
and we use the gun and a slide we used
to talk up this way hey just to see can
we hide used to be around my why'd it
feel like back in the guy yeah I feel
like back in the day when we used to lay
outside when you come around my wife you
know we used to go down the slide
but I used to jump up flags when we used
to see cat hard yeah like that gonna die
when you come around I feel like I
probably never have finish like this the
feelings like this I'm jumping through
the ceiling like this if this is as good
as a guest isn't feeling like this I
feel the sand between my toes in the
village like this it takes a village to
raise him a 9th to prop the appraiser
man 9 to lazy debating this a part of
just raising them leave of reason in the
Sun either probably ablaze and but I
raise him in the Sun coz it's godly
amazing and planting seeds on the Left
Coast a lot of the times why why I will
adventure
I'm realizing more and more in this
stay-at-home mom journey that I need
some vitamin D probably more than they
do I know we both are in need of it but
I really need it
like when we get outside and we're doing
stuff and I watching them have fun I
feel so much better than when we're
cooped up in that house so any
opportunity we have to get outside we're
gonna get outside right now yeah right
now yeah we're so dark
hi I heard it you said hi trapped
all right we're doing home say by beach
these are dirty Winchell
it's so crazy I can't believe this
all right I'm leaving dude I thought
this fighter was more up north now I'm
really kind of concerned what is going
on here
it smells huh
it smells like brownies
it's gravy I should call yeah they're um
just coming down this way no you know
all the wind it should be it should be
pretty windy at the beaches when you
over here yeah I'm fine I'm in the house
yeah yes it's fire like I know I think
it's more fires happening in like it
looks like the fog work area cuz you can
see the smoke coming up over like the UH
the town houses and stuff like that
but I don't I think we're straight like
I don't think it's gonna be as bad as it
was last time like 2008 okay good thank
you
you're my last video some people were
talking about how you know I celebrate
Christmas and they thought I was
conscious or how the Christmas tree is
like symbolism of
idolatry you know because of us say that
in the scripture and and no Christmas is
a pagan holiday you know which is
basically rooted in people who believe
in multiple gods or whatever and like
the Clement I'm not conscious because I
celebrate Christmas you know or old by
Christmas tree or whatever to those
people I would say who cares you know
what I'm saying like you know I think
you know we celebrate Christmas because
of the feels you know it gives us you
celebrate Christmas because and I think
we celebrated for different reasons you
know I mean I think I would celebrate it
differently I not have had kids but
because we have kids I think you know
for us we want to create you know a cool
tradition you know but here's the big
deal for someone who say like I'm insane
or like I'm wrong for celebrating
Christmas the truth is and you know I'm
not conscious
the truth is I'm Way more conscious
because I know what battles to choose
you know what I'm saying
and so if my wife wants to put up a
Christmas tree on the freaking roof I'm
putting it up on the roof not because
she's right or we're celebrating pagan
holidays because it's my freaking wife
and she wants a Christmas tree on the
roof I'm putting a dad one thing with
her because she's my wife
you know I'm saying like I know it I
know it battles to pick I know that her
family celebrates Christmas my family
celebrate Christmas Christmas
historically I'm not gonna go against
the grain when it's a time to bring
people together
Christmas represents Christmas
represents in our culture today what
people are supposed to have throughout
the entire year so if people want to be
filled with the spirit of the Christmas
spirit and be very giving during this
time of the year that's all fine that's
that's positivity for me you don't
understand um they're gonna be you know
a Christian someone who has is a
believer you know in a sense should have
joy like that of Christmas all
throughout the year in every freaking
day in every moment you notice another
we have our downfalls but we should
always be giving in joyous you
understand
lighten the fact that we have the holy
spirit you know understand so I'm not
gonna like sit up here and like argue
with people about whether Christmas is a
pagan holiday like we understand that
it's rooted in paganism but it really
doesn't matter in the grand scheme of
things because we are conscious people
I'm very woke in these streets I'm
fighting for the Ministry of
reconciliation you know some which I
believe I have as a child of God which
means that I'm reconciling men and women
and people together and I'm reconcile
them back to God you know saying light
so I'm not really like into the arguing
about the pagan holiday I'm just saying
like if any of you wondering why we
choose to celebrate is because I choose
to pick my battles you know and if
Christmas is that brings people together
then it's just the time that brings
people together you don't say that I'm
not gonna make a big deal out so uh
respect like back in the day when we
used to play outside and you come around
my wife this way hey just to see can we
hide you should be around my why yeah I
feel like back in the day when we use
the lay up probably never felt less like
this the feels like this sometime but
through the sinan like this if this is
as good as it gets in the chillin like
this it was yo shout out to Pat jr. who
sent me this beat making this while the
laundry is playing right now cuz it's
not a game but I got inspired and I was
like let me just throw this under here
and then we make this track real quick
if you feel the track go ahead and hop
on patron and it'll be there for you to
listen to download or whatever
