I'm gonna go take the other pregnancy
test did you did you think for a second
it's gross in here I found that a lot of
the things I do in my adulthood now that
I have children are because I have
children
apple picking pumpkin carving costume
party
it's like children bring out something
in me that wasn't there before it and
maybe I was and she's been doing stuff
before but now that I have children
it doesn't seem corny to do it not by
anybody who doesn't have children that
doesn't stuff is corny I'm just saying
it's more fun kids make things much fun
and to be honest with you
if we didn't have kids I'm making
blender
for a Halloween party you know then
I just got a shout out my wife who
continues to be one of those people in
our community that champions getting
together the cool thing about her is
that she reminds me how it's not about
me how it's about the kids and creating
safe environments for kids to have fun
and for grownups to enjoy each other I
must admit that if it was up to me these
events will happen once in a blue moon
but she has the wisdom to know that the
consistency in relationships is
sometimes the only proof we have to know
that we are loved and we belong so until
next time protect your life and keep in
network so this right here is our back
from hellofresh this right here says
melty Monterey Jack burgers and that's
what we're eating tonight okay all right
big shout out the hellofresh were
hooking us up with dinner tonight they
believe weeknights should not be
stressful but 30 minutes of cook time
kids can enjoy nutritious meals with the
right amount of healthy carbs vegetables
and protein and tonight's sous-chef is
ryaba I never know I had this mess I'm
in the kitchen guess it's all my fault
but I don't even know what it tastes
like
I guess I support me a portion and it's
still food for your thoughts
rest in peace
West Indies Jeremy you can't rush
perfection once you marry me but it
brought me up for the very mission not
cook until she marry me she knows she
sang alone she said to me some I'm on my
way home I said yes I punished or
playing some songs so no so far you know
parsley will probably be nothing for me
and we need some Gouda and Havarti
cheese and for some strange reason I'm
tables are nice thank you for asking I
saw that I mean I thought it this with
nutrition then I started cooking in the
kitchen yeah I've been a man on a
mission but tell me who going through
the dishes so I waited a missus they she
winked me back then she tossed me around
and she's a boy I had a lad and I
laughs laughs handle any man marinate a
marinade a yab listen and the sauce see
how our left falling off the bone you'll
never need floss just not hit gonna
touch jesus paid it off
but if they've caught the clown girl be
sure to put the pedal to the floor scar
for $30 off your first week of
hellofresh visit hellofresh calm and use
my promo code believe 30 that vinegar
yeah I don't want to try you want to try
it yeah okay okay
