where's Arizona
hey you guys what I was just some food
let me see your hands
no the other hand oh you found that M&M
that you were gonna take a bite away
this time very good letter of the day is
so mommy turned this closet into a
classroom so what we want what we're
gonna do is we're gonna work on our
letters
okay so today we're gonna be talking
about the letter of the day which is
plus P very good deal
so what I want you to do writing your
letter P okay
very good that's very good buddy
you have to work on it to do something
else I want you to open up a box because
everything in that box starts with the
letter P okay okay very good and what
does pictures start with very good so
we're gonna pull out the next thing what
is that a paintbrush paintbrush starts
with the letter very good what is it
let's see let me see it hmm that's
called a paperclip can you let your
brother suit please right and what else
penguin starts with what very good all
right focusing on the letter P I'm gonna
do a top row okay down and around okay
and I want you to do right here right
here and right here yeah it's so awesome
all right do it again
Oh
all right I want you to go upstairs and
get the toys that are on my sink right
go get your toy right go go get your toy
this video sponsored by leapfrog
leapfrog sent us two electronic toys for
our kids to play with the two on one
leap top touch and mr. pencil scribbling
right that's on one leap top touches
like a laptop that turns into a tablet
which is cool because the kids like to
pretend they're doing my job this is a
newer version with a bigger screen than
before
and it can be programmed to help the
kids learn how to spell their name mr.
pencil scribbling right is perfect for
kids like field because he's learning
how to write different letters and it
guides him by giving them step-by-step
directions to write either uppercase or
lowercase letters and after successfully
writing the letters an emblem comes up
for instance P is for penguin it sounds
out the letter then ask the kid to touch
the letter so they can reinforce the
pronunciation of the word and one of my
favorite things about these toys that
they're compact enough to keep in the
car so you are on the road on those
extra long drives the kids can be
entertained
but upside down you have to hold it this
way very good pressure oh very good
buddy penguin P is for penguin commit
deal let me show you something now let's
try this numbers okay listen what's your
favorite number buddy very good very
good the up three is your favorite
number so press three try three again so
we're going to go on a field trip and
we're gonna go get some pumpkins yeah
cuz pumpkins start with the letter P do
you want to get pumpkins
take it easy as a pumpkin
P is for pencil pad paper Papa Papa
pumpkin patch probably popular pop a
pimple with a passion Peter Parker
planner prior preparation
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled
peppers people could patch away in the
poison point my pinkie in a position the
propelled a positive of presentation I
present for Chiat ISM in the present
tense I pray for Preston that's a note
of plague coming up beat a pessimist
picture me past in the pub picture me as
a puppet fiction meet hercule fiction
I'm picking on me
fiction me proving them wrong pulling
pork a Bronco finding people with points
proverbs or plain Psalms the letter of
the day is P okay let's take a bet let's
take a bet what's the bet I know but
you're speaking codes it's gonna be like
all about it until something wags its
tail Excel makes a sound
cheapy it's probably going to
okay yeah okay she's gonna convince him
so so well but he's gonna make you what
you think
I actually think who'll bet actually
think eBay is going to do pretty good I
think both am I gonna do well I think
he's gonna want to be scared but because
he's so he's gonna see his confidence
and want to match yeah all right let's
go
Wow
you are so exciting she looks really
excited that key paint containing so
yeah he's trying to contain himself
you didn't cry you look like you having
so much fun light how do you people
Fanny with the day when a body the body
people pay me with the pay body people
pay me with the pavement cut abroad cut
a bride as a babe body people pay me
with the baby P penguin and what else
very good
