it is almost 6:00 in the morning
chocolate babies are in the car
milk comes from my mom spins here in the
grass I don't remember
did you just say is we're gonna be
homeless for a couple of days
I don't remember tomorrow we are blowing
camping oh my gosh ten of these birthday
there's nobody's person Oh actually it's
Diana's birthday yeah now camping starts
with a C but I want to talk about the
letter H so we're gonna focus on the
letter H and H is for homeless oh ho say
say homeless homeless boys camping is
when you leave your home and you enjoy
outside don't you guys like being
outside yeah yeah so now we're going to
sleep outside
well I wouldn't have well your beds at
home but you
remember there's a video I think before
we had kids yes so here goes Glenn
pursuing getting to that pier right
there against his better judgment he was
not willing look at that he was not
willing to go deep into our hike but he
is willing to almost hurt himself to get
to that pier does anything about that
pier look worthwhile look at the people
on the pier staring at him I just pray O
Lord I just pray that he survives I just
pray that I get to come back to
Oceanside with my husband I think there
are the keys
my favorite campground in the world it's
like all full so it was like there was
this whole deal that was like okay
there's usually spots open and available
and we went we were there waiting at
5:00 in the morning we waited forever to
be the first person in line whatever and
he's just like no sorry it's like a
primo spot it looks like Hawaii here
this looks like not it looks like we're
really camping here yeah that's good
yeah yeah I didn't plant it no place had
a basketball court kids and this is
literally just like dirty notion it's
all good is there Sam can we go in the
beach yeah but it's not it's not like a
pretty you'll see you'll see we've
actually been here before
oh you haven't we haven't camped here
but we've hiked that's exactly one yeah
don't be taking a picture
all right so tomorrow we go camping and
I am excited because I didn't grow up
going camping
that's not my lifestyle and I didn't
know I heard people going camping it
just was never me you know I'm saying so
now we've come so far
technologically it seems very weird to
go and be homeless okay so I'm learning
some things about camping they're bees
attacking our children attacking our
food and we're here trying to make the
best them I don't think I was prepared
now we had to move away from our
campsite and go over there because these
are attacking our campsite now I know
bees are like an endangered species and
we want to keep the bees alive but I'm
ready to kill the business today you
know like I need I'm gonna go in there
I'm gonna infiltrate this situation
we'll kill all the bees and save the
family okay this is the kitchen
and it's the cafeteria okay you don't
want to eat on the run do you so some of
this could be cooked some more update
these guys these guys though DOM is
losing all his gusto he's losing and
these bees are winning for sure
so we just got back from Walmart to get
important things like soap and popcorn
we are camping we came back and it is
extremely windy so windy that one of our
canopies was rolling away and almost had
like this final destination type vibe
almost ran into somebody so we had to
break it apart and throw it in a trash
because yeah because it wasn't working
so now in a situation our tent is far
lower because the wind is so much
everybody else got the smart people
tents you know saying he's like little
bear down and survive type tents you see
that tent over there
we got Excalibur you know Sam yeah right
but we didn't you don't say it oh I'm
grateful but we and these believe it or
not our children I know they are not
very recognizable right now because of
all the ash and dirt
finish man how we supposed to live like
this I just broke my favourite freaking
glass all that matters is that the kids
are having fun you guys hey you guys
having fun out here you guys like being
homeless y'all have that bag laughs oh
that bed is fine apparently we borrowed
a pool from events mother what if I told
you that instead of getting a bed your
mom got a support what if I told you got
an inflatable swimming pool for your
kids the sleep thing I knew camping
would be an adventure something that we
would do horribly learn from try again
and do better I just wasn't ready to do
it the daytime seem to present all types
of challenges but the nighttime the
nighttime is when we were able to come
together and keep warm as a family as
the wind will detent down on our backs
as the moon which I thought was a
nightlight became a lantern that would
interrupt my slumber I found peace and
looking at the Stars with my son I found
peace and keeping my wife warm I found
peace and the fact that I was brave for
my family and my sons could be brave
because they watch me be brave it was
like a rite of passage always thought
camping was about fun in survival but
it's really about making it through the
night so when we wake up the next
morning it's just
any wonder where your brothers are
are you wondering why you go outside
last night I thought there was an animal
falling under me and I didn't know what
to do but it was really just a tip had
to hop to reach the sink cut my hair to
drink tap water Maryland and I was not
synchronized she gave me life when I
gave us stretch marks and scars see
sections of section 8 C we aided
sections pie graphs on every play we
traded complexions where she lacked an
affection I lacked in respect I can only
see that in hindsight though what I
wrote before was some type of typo that
would drive never let psychoshy would
ruffle my feathers but I didn't know how
to fly though I with these but that but
she returned to tape ripping off one
unless my little bird says my one filled
belly I just want a suit of people like
Fern Gully
similarly similarly like Sully waking up
the sleeves turning two months to
collect another screams Marilyn told me
to find myself a trait carpenter
electrician or tailor so the seams but
it seems as easier for me to similarly
and lean a son of the king king still
with me with me I think still with me
with me I think still with me I think
still with me with me I think sure we
get me
quickly holder trolley chicken box to
call me sir what the hell is on me home
can I get a half and then I just did my
stupid job got five on it dad as you can
see it's an attorney Stanford drive safe
- please take us to the train station
I couldn't find a way out on my own I
had to hitch a ride or take their mates
over either station for my whole nights
my best animation subtitles
