I went camping this weekend for the
first time and like any father I snuck
away I snuck away to check my Instagram
as I get to my Instagram and I wasn't
trying to like scroll you know what I'm
saying it hop into a thread and like
really get in there I actually was just
checking to see if I had got mention
errand or if I had the response to a
message or something like that and I got
tagged in this a post and this post said
parents out there what soap and shampoos
are y'all using for your toddler's I was
using dove but not and I'm like why
would this person say anything negative
about
I love tub as a matter of fact I was
just on the phone with Dublin Friday
talking him about a baby campaign
getting to know them and then getting to
know me and it was all good I actually
like go so I head over to the news my
favorite news network like any
responsible adult is Twitter so I go
over to Twitter and I say yo I heard
they drag and of weird of dude and then
like clockwork boom I get hits with all
types of mentions and they telling me
all the stuff is going on and I see this
image and I'm like why and I'm like yo
that's crazy and they like y'all wiling
and I'm looking at this whole thing and
I'm like yo this is obviously offensive
who would allow this thing to happen and
I had to retract and withdraw my
involvement with Dove because I didn't
want to be associated with this because
I am very much Pro black and I care how
we are represented in advertisement not
like this just admits misses the mark
completely and that's what they said I
didn't believe it was true I thought it
was like some type of mean but it
actually was them dove issued an apology
and said hey we regretfully put this
thing out we missed the mark better than
it uh and I was irritated it's like well
that's fine I just won't use dove
anymore and I showed my wife and she was
like babe what are you gonna do and I'm
like what are you gonna do you know
saying cuz she uses done but she was
like no what are you gonna do and I was
like why do you care what I'm gonna do
you know I'm saying she was like babe
you have all dumb products and then I
was like no I mean I know I use
I'll use the body wash you know what I'm
saying and then I started looking
through my toiletry bag and I realize I
use the clean comfort yeah body wash and
face wash I also have the little bottles
when I'm on the road and I also have
your fortifying shampoo just in case a
little going bless me with the gospel
Rogaine I also have the loofah I wasn't
what uh nobody this but I also use
women's deodorant
guess what brand it is this hurts me
more than it hurts any other person and
the african-american community I think
I'm having the hardest issue I'm out
there camping for days I haven't
showered and I'm thinking when I get
home I can't wait to wash myself my
armpits smell like pop tires and now
when I get home I'm having to have this
moral conflict about which woke soap to
use
this actually hurts me way more than it
hurts anybody else I know but everything
makes sense in context so when I
actually saw the Facebook video finally
because I had to search for it because
they removed it from the internet of
course I looked at the ad and it
actually didn't hurt me so much it
didn't ever take me so much because it's
basically just this flipping these women
are taking off their shirts and they're
just kind of make an inclusive type deal
you know what I'm saying they're not
saying that it's gonna turn a black
person into a white person because it's
so powerful it gets all the dirt off
they're just saying that it's for
everybody you know I don't believe that
it is their intention to do something
like this especially when you actually
see the full scope of the video however
they gotta realize what they're up
against the Internet takes no prisoners
anybody can get slept with the internet
you know what I'm saying
you could take a screenshot and turn it
to whatever you want people probably got
screenshots of me waiting to post them
you know what I'm saying like a some
random stuff but I feel like some brands
can try too hard to hit the mark that
they end up excluding everybody just
because they try too hard I don't want
to be marketed to I just want to be
represented so you don't have to get me
to use it because I'm black
you just have to include me in the
advertising to show me living with the
product the product should sell itself
because it's so great what I believed of
does I forgot to tell you I use the post
shave balm the product is great the
product isn't the issue the issue is how
you're marketing and trying to target me
when I look at the screen shot I get
offended when I look in the video I'm
not that offended but when I look at the
actual wording the messaging on the
bottle and one of the lotions it
actually says for normal to dark skin
complexions or something like that like
what what is normal like what is normal
and not normal about my skin complexion
because I'm dark so what is normal white
people are normal
come on man black people been around
like you're the first people you know
what I'm saying like we this is normal
life you can't wash this I'm sorry no
action you can't wash this off you know
what I'm saying like this is I'm having
such an issue here because I actually
like the people at Dove I have mutual
friends I've talked to some people on
staff there they're actually really good
people they're one of the few companies
companies that understand influence of
marketing they care about what fathers
are doing with their children and how
involved they are they're pushing more
toward fathers and stuff like that which
I'm all about however when you make
these type of ads it just excludes me
like completely I have to remove myself
and I don't want to do that I'd actually
like to help but you know they calling
for a national boycott like like racial
boy clock I like all black people stop
using dub they gotta feel it like Xion
like they not play and I'm not loyal to
no soap like I like so I like you know
I'm saying the soap I use you know I
like the deodorant I use you know I
always use that here I love smelling
like powder it smells fresh even though
I got a loom in a minute I'm mad you
know saying like I know it's gonna kill
it but I'm just saying I'm loyal to the
community I'm looking to my children I'm
loyal to my people more than I'm going
to some soap you know so I love the Dove
brand you know like I love the product
and I feel like that's all you need to
do is include me in the product don't
mark it to me because it's offensive you
try too hard all these brands tried to
learn Pepsi like really made a brand
with Kylie Jenner and they talking about
like change in a world like Pepsi is
gonna stop violence and what are you
talking to me like soda make this soda I
don't drink soda but people who drink
soda like soda and I like so you don't
have to try so hard all you need it was
somebody woke a what black person what
it gave you this you just sent you to
say hey Keith we got the new egg right
here you know I'm saying Keith here you
go
Keith would have looked at in the mid
like you should pick Keith oh honey
thought so every company needs a Keith
if I were you right now I'd hire
somebody black dueling's woke black
woman who's whoa
somebody and just say hey I want you to
check this out and make sure this can't
be made into a mean that's gonna seem
like we're offensive because that's
gonna save you more money if you do your
freakin research than failing and
alienating a whole people
we're not playing you know we care about
where we put our money what you should
do dov and anybody like those it's issue
a real apology not just for the mean
that was made but for the wording on the
bottle and all men to dark skin you need
to explain what happened and who's
responsible there whoever that person is
I'll care how long they've been in the
company they probably need to go on a
leave of absence you need to hire
someone else who can help you solve your
problem which is that you're trying too
hard
I know what I'm talking about is a very
small issue in the grand scheme of
things it's very my new and only reason
I'm talking about it so much because I
really care about the product like I use
the product obviously and I think you
know there's a difference between
cultural ignorance and racism and
unfortunately these two met in a very
rough way someone who's culturally
ignorant can be like man I didn't really
know that was offensive I'm super sorry
but this is like how many hands did this
have to go through before someone was
just like yo that's a really bad idea
I know Shirley over there made it you
know the saying but surely need to give
fire you know saying like somebody
should have said something about this
before it made it out to general public
that's just specified that's not to
sense yeah so we went camping that
videos coming out next
full of surprises and uh yeah man
particular QB Network popping more
chocolate babies coming soon peace
