right here oh no I got ahold of my I got
ahold of my what's it it's a hole stop
bringing attention to it look so this is
what happened and this is I don't know
if it's good parenting a bad parents
it's probably bad parenting but this was
kind of what I thought to do so Bo kept
using riots and manipulate him well he
said a riot you can't if you don't let
me have such as such you won't get any
ice cream and the right goes no I want
ice cream and he'd give it to him you
know saying and then he'd say Raya if
you don't do this and this and this you
can't go to the store and there I go I
want to and then he give it to him
so one time I told Eli said next time
you tell him that he can't have
something in order to get you what you
want I'm gonna go and get him whatever
you say that he can't have you know and
you know Ryan's not required to share
with you when he does get it because
you're trying to manipulate him you know
I'm saying it so that's not nice can't
do
I heard him do it again and he said
right if you don't do whatever you know
you won't be able to get a new
spider-man and so I say man I told you
what's gonna happen if you tow right
that and so I took right to the store
and I got on the news
man I had a Target gift card for 10
bucks this cost $9 and so he got any
spider-man and he's not required to
share this toy because Theo was trying
to manipulate him do I don't know why
you have it commit you don't know why
you having such a hard time sharing go
give me all the Ninja Turtles look at
all these toys you can still play with
Michelangelo you got a headless
Donatello you got Raphael
yeah another Leonardo and gets Leonardo
you have all these toys you can play
with and you're tripping over this one
toy you don't really need any of these
toys but you get to play with all these
and so this is your riotous so he can
share this and sometimes he does but you
cannot keep this away from him okay
ain't cry because you don't get you away
yeah you are you crying still go
upstairs and hang out your work for a
little bit please don't yell just until
you then just until you done crying will
come downstairs
he's like bo is always trying to come up
on his kids toys man stop kicking while
trying to change a diaper stop it
what is wrong with you come down here
talk to me if you wanna talk sir it is
your right it isn't it nice but it's
also not nice that you take it from him
right hush up right
it's not like that you take it from him
and try to keep it away from image this
toy well you have other toys to play
with you have so many toys right here is
a Spider Man now you can play with and
it's bigger so go play with this fighter
minute okay here don't you go back
upstairs why am i hurting your feelings
that's a quick tech break so if you are
not interested in knowing anything about
how I do the subtitles then fast forward
to this point in the video you'll skip
all this tech stuff that you don't
really care about but if you do love
tech stuff
stick with me real quick and I'll show
you how I do the subtitle so let's will
wind the video a little bit now I want
to show you like what it takes for me to
do this Theo says a phrase your ice is a
phrase and then I count the words in
that phrase why am I here Phillips the
phrase is you're hurting my feelings
that's four words you're hurting my
feelings alright so I take the basic
letters in Final Cut Pro I double tap to
change the font which is CF crayons
that's what I use the field I downloaded
that from dafont.com
and then I change the size it looks
about right change the color and Theo
has his own color and then I find a spot
an empty space for the words to sit now
this is perfect cuz this is white wall
here and the words can just kind of sit
here uninterrupted then I counted the
words it was four words one two three
four okay and then
I'll make sure the words are kind of
lined up here just for my own OCD and
then I start plugging in the word so
you're hurting my feelings you're
hurting my feelings okay I do it by
words if you really want to get dope at
it you do it by syllables I think it
would be super fresh but I don't do it
by syllables think too long I tape out
the words you're hurting my feelings
okay and then after that I find its
space on the screen that I want for each
word I try to keep it inside the frame
here why am i doing a film and then cut
off the word right at the exact moment
where I think he's thinking of the next
phrase why am i hurting your feelings
all right so this is where the words
gonna stop I'll delete all of that
because he starts his net phrase right
here then I have to find out when the
words actually start like when he starts
to say the word so it can pop up as soon
as he says it so then I go here and I
see this little bump right here in the
audio file this right here is the audio
file at the bottom of the track and so I
click you're here you're in a way I know
is I play it and I just do this all day
so that should be about right and then
he goes right in right from your he goes
in to hurt so you're hurting you're
hurting so then I have to go in again
and try to find where the H starts
survival sumu more right there and now
I'm looking for my my mop mop mop mop
mop mop mop all right so my yes right
here well alright now I gotta find
feelings need that F to start all right
and then I go here and I erase
everything that I'm not gonna use and it
should pop up right on time okay
my seemed a little early now that I got
that part I can go on to the next phrase
now I just think about how much time
that takes for me to do you know for a
couple seconds of video I always thought
that this was something that was
something I could stop doing once the
kids became a little bit more you know a
little bit easier to understand however
this has become a staple for belief and
fatherhood so people actually get upset
when the subtitles on in the video
they're like I mean they don't get
really mad but they're like y'all wear
the subtitles that you know what I'm
saying like it's something that sets me
apart and so you know if you're thinking
about starting a YouTube page or
whatever just know that you know what
you start with is probably what you're
gonna end with as well it's not really a
graduating you know your style you know
what I'm saying like your style is your
style so that's just something I wanted
to show you so yeah back to the story
why am i hurting your feelings because
you've seen
like my brother right ahead yeah she
doesn't have to share his bike here man
okay so how do you feel Riya I'm talking
to feel his power man I'm very mad okay
guys if you did I gen it's gonna make me
very sad
okay listen sit down huh how do you
think your riot feels when you tell him
that he can't have things do you think
your Ryan likes it when you say that he
can't have Riya go back over there eat
your food
listen you think your riot likes it when
you tell him that he can't have other
things so so don't you think you hurt
your brother's feelings can you go get
your brother a new spider-man
can you go get your brother new
spider-man how are you gonna get there
so when I get there you drive really
fast so when I get there I know I Drive
so I have to take you so you can't go by
yourself okay oh you're saying that I
can't go by myself right so you have no
authority you have no way to give your
brother a new spider-man that way that's
like you can't tell him he can't have a
new spider-man so you can't tell him he
can't have one because you have no way
to get it so what you're saying is that
you have the the ability to go give him
a new spider-man and you don't have the
ability to do that you're only saying
that so you can get him to do something
that you want him to do and that's
manipulation that is very mean okay so
you're saying that your feelings are
because you can't use a spider-man but
you have other spider-man's to use that
I wasn't for sure
I know but he doesn't have to maybe one
day you can every time you riot has
something you want it if it's the iPad
or if it's Raphael or for spider-man
whatever he has you want to take it from
him why
because we're doesn't know how to share
you don't know how to share are you
gonna be done with this today are you
gonna have an issue sharing again today
but why are you but why were you crying
in the first place why did Papa tell you
to go in the bed yeah so you were crying
because you couldn't have a toy that you
wanted and you and your brother having a
hard time sharing you know thank you
guys so much for watching belief and
fatherhood I hope this video gives you a
little bit of insight of what it takes
to make these videos big shout out to
all our supporters alot subscribers but
especially our patrons like Tiffany
Smith who actually fund this whole thing
this is one income household and this is
how we actually eat if you want to
become a patron and support one of your
favorite creators me then you can go in
and sign up right over here
basically what patreon is this is a way
for you as a viewer to support us and we
give you things for your patronage so
you get things like longer videos
exclusive content music all types of
stuff so if you're interested sign up
over there you'll get more chocolate
babies and I'll get sweatpants without
holes in them how about that I hope you
guys are having a great week protect
your life and give you a network pop in
peace
that's yeah
