first of all I want to thank hellofresh
for sponsoring this video
what is hellofresh hellofresh is a milk
it delivery service that makes cooking
more fun so you can focus on the whole
experience not just a final plate one of
the reasons I'm glad hellofresh is
sponsoring this video is because I get
to bring feel alone to help me cook and
I don't have to create as I'm going but
I have a menu that's already made for me
a recipe and all I have to do is follow
the instructions since it was delivered
straight to my door in a recyclable
insulated box all I had to do was
discard the trash and get cooking so
opening up this box of food and they're
giving us all types of meals to prepare
so that we can feed the family you know
what I think I think what I need I think
I need you to help me cook this stuff
video because you're great help you want
to help me cook this stuff okay that's
alright so I guess we'll put this in the
fridge right you can help me cook this
stuff okay that's good okay today we're
going to cook steak and nectarine salad
so right here we have our box this is
everything that we need alright so let's
open this baby up right here
let's see inside of this thing comes
everything we'll need to make our food
you okay you want to take it out all
right that's a nectar no no no man
that's that's a nectarine that's for
everybody that's not just for you put it
up
that's called feta
that's feta cheese that's a cheese onion
smell it hmm is an onion all right you
get the rest all these ingredients come
out okay great knives are very very
dangerous you can hurt someone with a
knife see Baba just cut himself buddy
you see that blood coming out dad
they're gonna be good how the heck do
you cut it in nectarine that's why right
now all of it all of it all of it all of
it what is that like yogurt you sure
smells like yogurt does it stink no I
didn't cut myself not yes
okay now with these onions
these are here these shallots they make
you they make my eyes water is your eyes
starting to burn my face in the water so
that means that I make my eyes watery
are your eyes get watery no but I did I
close my eyes I can't see and then I cut
myself on again oh my god
thanks for your help
there you go buddy now we're gonna use
peppers okay not too much not too much
too much all right now
I want you to pull the saw in okay okay
okay okay
it's okay it's okay you see how all that
salt is in one place it's not good it's
not good at all yeah you just I'm gonna
show you this
yeah it's dropping and you can control
it see that now you go like this it's
just gonna keep pouring you don't want
that you want the salt to spread evenly
across the meat so that when you buy
this it's not really salty in one place
what does that made out of animal you
want me to cook without you you want to
cook all the time with me no all right
you see what you're doing right now what
you're here what does that mean after
very good
now we're gonna take this to mommy
because mommy doesn't eat cheese okay
cuz we're not you want to take it okay
yeah oh wait you're putting your hair
so be good all right feel good job buddy
high-five we're gonna make pop-up late
now thank you guys so much for watching
and thank you again hellofresh for
sponsoring this video
hello France is now offering like fall
meals and I know this time of the year
can get pretty hectic so go ahead and
treat yourself go to hellofresh calm and
use my promo code believe 30 and receive
30 dollars off your first delivery I Cho
protect your life of keeping Network
poppy these
