this video is sponsored by leapfrog our
family dynamics are pretty standard with
fairly young parents my wife is studious
I am more of a creative she hates being
late time is more of a theory for me but
our kids they are being programmed they
are adjusting to social norming how to
act and react based on what they see
from us their parents now today's deals
first day of school outside the home
mariah is not taking it well at all one
he doesn't want to be away from his
brother - he doesn't know where he's
going like what is this school thing
who's gonna be there are they gonna be
nice to my brother
old challenges are temporary knowing I'm
forever says me and whether we wanted to
enough time is moving forward while we
are still trying to adjust to the
morning dew or traffic my guess what
watching my hair first I was watching
total fail kung fu panda and video
watching crack huh and they will watch
and clone the gorilla border I don't
know I'm talking about this honey okay
the awfulest morning mantra
Oh see I
everybody say aye aye
Ryan say aye Raya say aye
alright fine do say I am strong do
what's on the other side of here
very good amen nice an amen I love my
coffee then there's gonna be a bunch of
different kids that you're gonna meet
you just gotta make sure you tell him
hey my name is da what's your name and
speak
Wow
are you ready
right
I am but I'm not is like a weird oh dear
God I knew I need to leave at 8 o'clock
geez
alright so Monday mornings we leave the
house at 8 a.m.
we I'm talking to everybody oh I hate
being late
he wants me you could take him I think
he needs to go rival why do you stink
right yeah you're coming right back you
got to give your brother hugs okay say
bye bye give my brother a kiss okay what
about me dad bye see you later we're
gonna hang out here no you're not
and how he's gonna be so while we're in
the front seat dealing with separation
anxiety from our firstborn our second
board was in the backseat thinking about
what he would be doing when he got home
at one point he said he wanted to watch
something but that wasn't an option
today you miss your brother this is
leapfrogs leap starts 3 d it's a highly
interactive book based learning system
that helps children build skills like
reading writing in math what I love
about it is that it's not a huge screen
it builds confidence and our kids
ability to learn and it also starts a
relationship between the kid pin and pet
leapfrog has over 25 books in their
library and each book has over 30
activities for kids aged 2 to 7 I feel
like this is valuable for parents who
care about how much screen time their
kids are taking in there's a
disproportionate amount of time being
spent distracting our kids instead of
interacting with them I allow your ID to
play around with this new learning
system and I'm not gonna say forgot
about his brother but it definitely
helped the time pass by click the link
in my description about the leap start
3d and don't forget to pick up one of
the over 25 books in their library sold
separately that caters more to your
child
okay tell me about school
