I'm saying here trying to fix this video
for the color in my face this is so
chocolate and I'm taking else no I can't
see myself I know but you don't need to
see yourself you got looking sick I need
to know how I look for Oh
she do up yeah okay so thank you for
watching belief or fatherhood she can't
touch the mic
thank you for watching believe her
fatherhood today where's that shadow
coming from my face did I say wind in my
arms good
thank you for watching belief of other
and today we're gonna discuss the top
five reasons why our black children will
be homeschooled but ya know it's
searchable start over reintroduce
yourself today we're gonna discuss the
top five reasons why our black children
it seems a little children I'm gonna
start up in zone okay gosh these are so
much harder to do with an another
present you lose time with your kids you
also lose influence you got bit
she got to go okay reason number one
time so let me tell you reason this is
gonna take so much to edit all we have
spent about eight hours sleeping of
course please
something something with her I want to
do you can't just take her upstairs I'll
do it myself
if our children know I'm offended okay
you're offended but am i right in high
school
the beach like I'm sure what with my C's
like check it out
