I'm ready all right I might just save my
Fridays for being petty because
sometimes you might want to just walk
into work like forget it I'm done today
and this is the type of energy I'm
coming with today because my last video
I posted I let you in I let you into my
house I let you into our our life and I
felt like some people got a little bit
too froggy in the comment section and
that's okay because that's what you do
there you you talk about how you feel
you talk about your opinion all that
stuff but child abuse really now as
someone who was abused as a child I take
huge offense to that I think that is
just totally inappropriate to even use
those type of words inside of my comment
section because there was no child abuse
in the video what we saw there was my
daughter for the first time getting her
ears pierced
that is a sacred moment between my wife
and her daughter and I felt like she's
had boys and I think she needed that
moment for her as someone who is a male
I'm a man and I don't understand these
things I digress and I let my wife lead
in this area because this is something
that she knows better than I - I do she
has a significance that I don't have so
I protect her and her right to do that
that's our opinion that's our life you
got to see inside the lesson here was
not should they have allowed the child
the infant the baby to get her ears
pierced
the lesson was they disagree how did
they work together to get to the bottom
of the issue that was a lesson I don't
need YouTube or a comment sirs or
subscribers approval to do anything I
will never abuse my childhood put them
in harm unnecessarily this right here
was an example of how I don't know
what's best but my I trust my wife's
opinion okay my wife had to go through
pain ania had to go through pain I'm
sure when my wife was there as she said
in the video that I'm having second
thoughts why am i doing this she didn't
really know but she knew that she wanted
to get it done so she got through with
it I felt the same way when Theo and
Uriah got circumcised like it was the
same deal I also felt the same way when
I had to hold my son down when they were
putting anesthesia in him when he had to
get surgery on his leg and I had to hold
him down wow he thought he was suffering
like it felt different it's a different
type of thing when your riot was 15 days
old me almost suffocated and I had to
save his life and hit his back and call
the ambulance like all that stuff is
pain now some of that stuff as a parent
you feel the pain and remember the pain
more than your children ever will it's
not I don't I'm not giving you
permission to comment and tell me what's
acceptable for me to do as a parent I'm
giving you permission to enjoy and be a
part of what we're doing as a community
okay
so much in life we try to hide so much
things that are going on and keep
secrets and we don't share that we don't
know much about life about community
about money as a people because you want
to hide those things and keep it but I
think what I'm trying to do is allow you
guys to see and I want you to experience
that I want you to enjoy that and I'm
not trying to be bougie when I say this
is not a regular channel this is a
channel that's more of a documentary the
only reason you get mad at the
documentary is because they didn't give
the facts right these are the facts this
is exactly what happened so if you don't
like it that's okay but it's not
something that's really going to change
anything like we can't undo the piercing
now you know what I'm saying it is what
it is it happened you saw it you're
welcome
now as far as pain goes some people when
they watch the videos and I say hey I'm
gonna pop you Theo or do you want to get
a spankin or something like that and we
kind of use these words they think pain
they see the baby crying they see
because they have a lack of experience
or they may have experience but they
want to protect that these are bad
things
okay now pain is a part of a process
when you're in the gym and you're
working out and you're killing it and
you get sore that's painful but it is a
part of the process and I think if we
try to so much hide and take in save
save save our children from certain pain
they won't learn they won't learn that
it's pain is necessary I'm not
justifying anything that happened to me
as a child but I believe if I never went
through certain pains in my life that
wouldn't have activated me to be the
father I am today and to push this
progression to what fatherhood and allow
people to see what's going on in my life
like I would not have that type of
passion if I never went through that
pain so I hate the things that were done
to me but
I appreciate the process and I know that
pain produces passion that has nothing
to do with the ear piercing okay but I
just want you to know that some people
you'll see them out and every time their
baby is about to fall or does something
like they catch and they run honey I
want my children to know hey don't do
that
because if you do do that something's
bad gonna happen to you now I'm not
gonna run and save you when you touch
something that is hot I told you not to
do that sometimes you have to learn you
know your rice balance has always been
kind of off if I was the type of parent
like some of these people in the comment
section I would get him a helmet some
shin guards some elbow guards like it's
not that serious he's gonna fall he's
gonna hurt himself he's gonna cry we're
gonna tell him hey you're okay I love
you kissing all that stuff because pain
is a part of the process it's not that
big of a deal now if someone's chasing
him with a knife it's totally different
if he's about to run out in the street
get hit by a car it's totally different
it means even if he's about to fall
somewhere and I'm like man this looks
rough I always intervene or I try to but
here's a perfect example we allowed our
four year old and our three year old to
watch my wife give birth to an infant
pain is a part of a process sometimes
pain births the most amazing things ever
and other times it just produces pain
and it teaches you a lesson I don't
think we're supposed to avoid every
single thing that happens to us in life
I just don't believe that this message
is not in defense of myself but I just
want to let you guys know where I stand
with some of you some of you guys don't
like what happens on the channel maybe
it's not for you you know I'm not here
for casual YouTube comments or
subscribers or your judgment like that's
just not what I'm here for
but I am here for community and great
thought and great conversation if some
of you guys gave me that we may have
disagreed however we still we're able to
be cordial in the comments section some
of you guys were very nasty cursing and
a lot of that stuff and I had to kind of
police that by deleting comments and
banning people from the page and things
like that and that happens but I'm just
letting you know where we stand nothing
is going to change I will always try to
be honest with you but you know it kind
of is what it is when it comes to our
whole situation so this is for anybody
who is dealing with a lot of rebuke this
is for anybody who's dealing with a lot
of judgments this is for anybody who is
scared you know of what people think of
them this is for you and I don't want to
offend anybody or anything like that but
at the same time I kind of have to
protect the tribe I have and the people
that I have around me creatives I have
around me because they're watching to
the people who are in the comment
section reading every comment and not
saying anything because they don't know
where they stand
opposition is only opportunity to speak
the truth so thank you guys so much for
allowing me to speak the truth to you
keep your network popping and protect
your life peace
