yeah I feel like they like so the
question was do we take time to do a
sabbatical with each other tickets are
better again somebody put the binky and
sister's mouth preferably feel he that
likes to take a sabbatical she likes to
go on vacations and stuff like that I
like to as well but we really don't be
afforded we can't really afford stuff
like that right now and so one thing
that I learned that I wish I would have
done was take vacations before we had
children because now it's like we could
never really vacate if we do vacate
we're always thinking about the kids and
how class also we got to get back you
know I'm saying it's not really a
vacation where we're we're carefree you
know that's what I would say yeah this
is an interesting question how did you
know that it was time to get married and
how did you know it was her you should
marry also what are the hardest and
easiest parts of marriage the hardest
parts of marriage how does it need you
um how did I know
um I think I realized that she liked me
a lot and I was like I better I better
go ahead and make this thing official I
don't know I don't know if it was like a
moment where I was kind of like yeah it
was a choice it wasn't like a I'm very
like not like overly you know saying
like fantasy oriented or like I don't
believe it falling in love at all I
don't know this person was asking me the
question but um I didn't necessarily
know it was time to get married
I just know I was being proposed to I
just knew that the guy that I knew I was
going to spend the rest of my life with
was proposing
he literally proposed nine months after
we started dating officially and so that
definitely caught me off guard but I
knew that I loved him so yeah and he was
like he totally did not fit my type of
guy like I don't know if I had a typed
if I didn't really date or anything but
generally guys that I found attractive
were like Will Smith's type like tall
light-skinned short cut hair type and
when I met Glenn he foot short
and he was a deep deep chocolate with
dreadlocks and a lot of facial hair so
he was definitely not who I envisioned
myself with and my parents will tell you
when I brought him home they were
surprised too but I definitely just fell
in love with his heart for the Lord and
his heart for me and it's hard to do
right by the Word of God so
yeah I don't know if I answered that
question I think the second part of the
question was also what are the hardest
and easiest parts of marriage I think
the easier part of marriage is marriage
with kids like teaming up like he's a
good partner you know like I'm the book
real marriage it talks about back to
back shoulder to shoulder and face to
face seasons of marriage and I think
that we do really good shoulder to
shoulder meaning that we work well as a
team to get stuff done and accomplished
the hardest part of marriage I think is
being consistent I don't know just being
consistent like there are times when
we're doing really well and then there
are times when we're doing really bad
and so it would be nice to just be
consistently doing well as far as
serving each other and loving each other
and speaking each other's love language
do you have anything else to say on this
place yeah I would say that it's
different for everybody you know what
I'm saying so our strengths are teamwork
you know what I'm saying we work really
well as a team if she has to do anything
with the kids or she wants to she needs
a day like it's okay for her to leave
that day for 12 hours with me and all
the kids and I'm saying some people
can't do that you know what I mean it's
like oh you've got two hours be back
because I can't take this you know what
I mean like um and so I think that's
that's kind of the you know the strength
that we have and everybody's strengths
is different doesn't mean it's better or
worse I do feel like though that it's
juggling so it's just like juggling so
if you take if you look at the the
concept of juggling you have two balls
and you throw a third one up in the air
and it's always one ball that higher up
than the other it's always one thing
that's exalted so right now career for
me is really exalted you know what I
mean like that's what I'm focusing on
and I'm trying to keep hold of family
and ministry you know and or marriage
and ministry
but sometimes I drop the ball you know
what I'm saying and it's easy to juggle
two things than three you know so you
just got to figure out you know really
how how good you are juggling what's one
pet peeve of one another what's your pet
peeve I was trying to forget my pet
peeves man it's so many there's so many
like things I'm like oh my gosh three
I'm not I don't I'm not gonna name three
you go first because I'm sure you got
many oh you go first
I don't think about it okay I have a few
but glim always like last night I was he
went and had a show I got the kids down
to sleep I was like oh I'm just going to
sit down on the couch
you know I baked some cookies and I'm
gonna sit down on the couch eat my
cookies color in my coloring book and
watch a movie well Glenn comes home he
comes downstairs and he fixed with me
with a bag of being a plantain chip and
he's just chomping just off a bit not
carrying I'm trying to hear the movie
just chomping my pet peeve is that he
just chews so much too loud
I know I don't like when you chew gum I
hope I could be never told me this
before he's never told me oh oh my
goodness and then the thing about that I
think this kind of ties into it it's
like you know how you go grocery
shopping and you buy like about your
chips or cookies or whatever
Glen can't just like take a handful and
call it a day
he has eat the whole bag on pack of
whatever it is it's gone the next day
and I'm like okay wear those you know
how you lookin forward to something and
then you go looking for it and it's gone
and I always know that it was Glen okay
here's the reverse pet peeve on the same
thing he that thinks that she can just
leave goodies in the frigerator for as
long as she wants to and come back to it
like we it's not five of the four of
them Isles in the house like I'm like yo
she's like where are those chips I'm
like it had an expiration day to day to
days I left them alone two days I was
strange two days I was held all my
temptation and the two days was up yeah
