I feel very fortunate that when a video
does well on this channel we have
visitors and oftentimes they skim
through the channel their comment on
that video and they just trying to see
what this channel is about and usually
it's a video that has something to do
with being black and they asked a
question and I don't have a problem with
this question because I do believe it's
a genuine question and the question is
why is it always about being black why
is it something that we always talk
about why is being black so important
why do you always tell your kids about
their color that's a really valid
question and I kind of like to take the
time to go through my ring and why I
believe that as people we are always
going to err an identity crisis the
crisis that we're dealing with as a
whole has more to do with the culture
around us than what we actually feel
when we're born you know so it's not
that kids at a young age or colorblind
they see everybody they know that we're
different but when you're outnumbered
and the preferences around you aren't
what you possess then you kind of
assimilate to the culture back in the
day before we all had caller ID we had
to answer our phones and they know who
was on the other side of the phone
so we answer the phone and we put on the
phone voice which is usually the
assimilated culture and so whether we
know that not I believe that that starts
at a very young age when I was young I
loved watching TV I used to be really
big in the TV and into movies I loved
movies as part of my reasons I spire to
do film some point in my life in the
future
the superheroes that I aspired to be
like they didn't possess the
characteristics I possess not that they
weren't human it's just that they
weren't like they didn't use the
language I grew up using they didn't
talk like I talk you know I didn't have
like flowy hair like they did or
whatever and I would always find myself
comparing myself to that culture and so
I remember at a young age wanting to be
white I think this happens to a large
group of children not just black
children all different races so even if
you're a white kid and
you hang around predominantly black
people you would try to assimilate more
to that culture use the language fit in
because deep down inside we all want to
be accepted and I guess I felt not
accepted and I think that's my big fear
for my children is that they would feel
not accepted where they are that's why
it's important for me to tell my kids
that they're black and that they are
beautiful and it's about being black
this isn't no harm a disrespect to any
other culture and I hate that I even
have to say that and I really don't but
it's really just for you to know that
I'm not trying to take over the world
with black people even though I think we
are a beautiful race when we were stolen
from our land which is Africa and I'm
not sure of my direct ancestral history
I know that my great-great-grandfather
was from Cuba my dad side but I'm not
sure but I'm sure I come from Africa at
some point that when black people were
stolen from their country they took our
name they took our identity by taking
our race and our people so they grouped
us together and we don't know where
we're from we don't know what part of
Africa we hail from they took our name
and they gave us the name of our slave
master they told us that we were the bad
guys even though the colonialists were
the thieves who pulled us away they made
us believe that we was something that we
were not and they they told us that we
couldn't do things that we obviously
could do you know we couldn't read we
couldn't write we weren't allowed to
swim because they thought we would
escape it's a lot of things that
happened to take our identity back then
but now I think it's a lot more subtle
in mainstream culture you know the big
films a lot of big pictures
the billboards the image that comes back
in picture frames even on your computer
you know all around us the examples that
lead in advertising the average human is
white is what we think in our head I
think for me I just want to let you know
that I understand why you are confused
if you are confused about why it's about
being black but it really doesn't matter
what you think you know this isn't for
your comfort
it's for my children's understanding
it's for them to know that the rest of
the world doesn't look like America it
doesn't look like our community group it
looks a lot more colorful and vibrant
it's really about being black because
everything else isn't about being black
when I did the black Father's Day thing
people like you know we're really upset
about it like why is it just about being
black this is corny this is this I'm
like yo that's nothing to do with
telling you that your race is bad or
anything like that we're just trying to
promote positivity and say that black
fathers exist when I say black is
beautiful there's a lot of colors of
beautiful you know but I feel like they
need to know it's just to say that in
general people are going to put you into
this basket that you're black but I want
you to know son that you are not only
black you are beautiful you are strong
you intelligent or smart you and loved
by God you would do great things in this
world you're problem solver you are not
the issue here
you're not a bad kid the complexion is
beautiful like I'm speaking that to my
son as I'm speaking into the skin
because I know people watch it one day I
know my other son your riot II will
watch it one day I know ania my daughter
will watch it one day and any other
black kid out there one of my
goddaughters is she's half Mexican half
black and I remember her one day saying
to her mother from school Mexican mommy
I want my hair like yours your hair is
pretty I don't like
my hair m4a at the time four year old
child to see the difference and want
something other than what they are it's
understandable but it's kind of sad so
identity is something that I feel like
we kind of miss you know we don't you
don't give life in that area as much as
we should and I just think it's sad you
know growing up as embarrasses as it was
to say it at the time like widest
preference you know I'm saying my dad
married a white woman you know who was
my stepmom I love her to death you know
so like she's great people but what I
saw in my head was this is a preference
you know and slowly like I preferred
that I thought that's what was best
this channel will always promote
productivity it would always promote
inclusion self-awareness this channel
always be positive but it will always be
very Pro black you know I'm saying
there's nothing to do with pushing
another race away has nothing to do with
telling someone else they're not
accepted or welcomed if you have a
problem we'll be telling my kids that
black is beautiful anything like that
you're the one with the issue
