hey what's going on guys believe here
from the Fatherhood I just want to stop
at for a moment and tell you about this
new phone I got and I know I'm not a
tech guy and I'm not gonna be doing
these tech reviews and stuff like that
but I do want to tell you about this
phone now this right here is the Sony
Xperia XZ premium phone I feel like I
can talk about this because I'm a
vlogger and I started all my vlogs I'm
early on with the iPhone I usually use
my iPhone for all this stuff but now
that Sony came out with this phone I'm
kind of interested in the reason is
because the first camera I got is the
Sony rx100 v if they make good cameras
they must make good camera phones so I'm
really interested in seeing what this
can do now it's a lot of things we could
talk about here we could talk about the
4k HDR display which is the first
smartphone to actually do this we can
also talk about the 19 megapixel rear
facing camera that comes with a motion I
camera system which also have predictive
capture meaning if you snap a photo you
can snap the photo and it'll get a
little bit before that photo just in
case you missed anything but I'm gonna
be honest with you I'm not a tech guy
I'm not going to be the guy to give you
all the specifications and information
that you might need I do have a friend
who can do that and I put the link in my
bio below he has an amazing review on
the same camera he's also Best Buy
Ambassadors name is Andrew Edwards and
gear live so check this video out if
this does not suffice for you the only
thing I really care about is the camera
does this camera work can I use this to
record with me and my kids and how good
is this super slow-mo shoots at 960
frames per second and I really wanted to
test that out so lately I kept having
this hummingbird come in and out of my
garage so I borrowed a feeder from my
neighbor and I set it up right in here
in my garage and I actually caught some
footage of the hummingbird
but that wasn't enough see I wanted
something a little bit more
action-packed so I got the camera I
called my homeboy Dom he came over yo so
look this is belief I'm here with the
Sony Xperia we're gonna do a slow-motion
test chocolate baby's gonna have one of
those and they have one right I'm gonna
have them chuck some balloons that
movies balloons are from Zoo yeah hey
look we never miss the beach my
rollercoaster already hold on to your
seats iwb no wonder they be getting
these in the water add 212 degrees at
his chair now initially I wanted to
capture the kids hitting me with the
balloons but their aim was horrible so I
had my own Dom stand in and he was
perfect
then he took a couple chairs down some
things at me and then eventually the
kids one of the track so this is
basically my take on the slow-mo portion
of the sony xperia I will be using this
in future vlogs you will see images of
the hour at that beats for the rest of
the summer I will be trying to get mad
slow-mo stuff so I hope you enjoy this
product and if you're interested in this
product please go to Best Buy links in
my description to cut this product this
is awesome I think it retails at about
seven hundred ninety nine dollars so if
you're looking for a substitute phone
your over the iPhone game or you know
you're not really into the Samsung s8
you might want to try to pick up this
phone and go see it at your local Best
Buy yeah thank you guys so much protect
your life to keep Network pop in peace
do you guys want to do that again yeah
you guys want to get hit with balloons
again you want to get hit first
you guys gonna hit me now
