every piece of art has a story behind
whether it's a painting song a film or
photograph there's always a story this
video tells a story behind okay so we
thing I guess we have encounters with
something that we've all created but I
needed some billboards across them so
how did you feel like we heard news
would be anything for you or was it kind
of at home no that's crazy
yeah yeah no we're definitely excited
because it's like you know those
campaigns it spread like a wildfire and
it goes all across the world
so I'm now rather than kind of bring the
word Internet
or the campaign for chocolate Lane I'm
glad that people feel Adams rational
whether it benefits both of us Erick so
we have to let everyone know what the
brand of glass is we do over here it's
rain glass and flooring here is the
creator of all the Northwest design
every single other we made them and so I
appreciate your work somewhere your
stuff I'm traveling on my collection so
I'm a real exciting things come out 2008
yeah so when the contest all you have to
do is create a piece of content a video
picture of will remain with the
Billboard and select location is a link
in my description it has the address for
the experiment there are 90 of them
around the world and there's only a
little bit of time left so make sure you
get out there and get creative oh yeah
when you win you can choose any two pair
of wine glasses from rank now the reason
why I think this is such a big deal that
any kid not just my team but there's a
black kid for morning peace all around
the world I think even Apple realizing
the current climate that we need these
type of messages to be of big stages big
pictures big billboards so here's a way
that you can get involved we want to
bring recognition to rain you want to
bring recognition to believe your father
that it's not just about promoting peace
but also promoting quality art and rain
whose quality art belief and fathers are
that I believe is quality art so if you
believe in it tell your friends when you
see the Billboard tell them where it
comes from tell about the glasses get to
know the product I'll put the link in my
description if you want to check out
some rain glasses also if you hit that
link it's going to benefit me as well
thank you guys so much for your time
protect your life and keep the network
popping peace
