are we on we're on now why didn't you
tell me you just came off dude do that
bean again
I think again yes and what was I doing
you were looking down can I go switch to
those real quick sure I'll be right back
guys
yeah Mike hi so
you know you're on camera okay so can
you guys see us now I hope so because I
resented the router and I have nothing
else
Evita what up shout out I've been a
subscriber for 10 minutes this is great
yo yo yo what up everybody
wired these always slowly I don't know
what you're talking about you guys can
see us right
that's all I knows can you see us yes
somebody said yes shout-out from Jamaica
what what's a gwaan all right so listen
like I said before I had to my my
computer isn't working I mean trying to
turn this thing on and I have a genius
appointment tomorrow to try to figure
out what the problem is I really don't
understand it and this is how I get all
that
this was up to you this is how I run the
Final Cut Pro and all this stuff this
how I edit on this computer and it's not
working I do have a older computer that
I can try to work it with but it's super
slow so we'll see how that works I'm
gonna try to do that as well is the
stream working yet
yeah what do you mean you guys can't see
something you guys can see and some of
you guys can't see is is that the issue
help me help me understand
Beyonce can see my specifications will
you make that crash the the the stream
is fine Mays Lee I trust you thank you
guys so much so the the the display
isn't working on my macbook I'm not sure
what the other issue is I know that it's
working because I can hear the external
hard drive running but there's no image
so I'm kind of in a weird spot right now
my wife is changing over the loads and
we're gonna come and talk because life
is just kind of in a weird place right
now so she's changing them loads waiting
for you little lonely also I just went
to hook it up hook up the laptop to the
TV that's a really good idea I'll try to
do that yeah you know so real quick just
an update if you guys are in the
Southern California area next week on
the 28th I'll be performing at rhetoric
which is the largest spoken word event
in the whole world uses about 3,000
people there and they have a new
location which is in retro kamongo so if
you are available to come out to that I
would definitely come out
Ezequiel Chris Webb kept offstage we're
all gonna be there performing featuring
and it's always a great night there with
people or see em so if you're not if you
don't know what that is after the after
news videos up I'll put the link in the
description to their page and they got a
whole bunch of promotional things
running and basically today what I
wanted to do is spend some time talking
to event just about our life right now
because it's very we're kind of a really
weird place
it's not weird it's just difficult and I
think it's an understatement
like that you know parenting in life you
know just being adulting is hard of
course but particularly particularly
right now for us it's just been kind of
difficult so I wanna I want to get you
guys to ask questions as many questions
as you want right now and I can just go
ahead and fire out away on those so I'm
listening can I get a shoutout of course
you can queen for a day yes you can get
a shout out to Mexico how am i I am
doing I I wouldn't say I'm doing well I
would say I'm
trying to keep a really healthy
perspective right now you know that's
basically how I'm doing
yeah make sure that this is when are you
coming to Nashville I'm not sure when
I'll come to Nashville did I was into
the four four four yes I did listen to
the four four four album and I love the
four four four album did you catch the
goddess told your car no we did not
catch the car okay okay yeah yeah you
know you don't know who how is life
being a YouTube partner invest by part
of it is life becoming more balanced and
how you envision it okay Kari gee very
good question so basically what happens
is with best buy is that you have a - us
which spaces yeah now but you want to
keep your chair
okay so basically so basically life so
basically how it works with that Best
Buy is that Best Buy has a dashboard and
a bunch of things get sent to you
through your dashboard this is very bad
connection but you have to say decline
if you don't want things and I left my
dashboard open so I got a bunch of
things from Best Buy that I didn't
actually won but I still have to review
them because I'm like I'm kinda on the
hook for that so it's busy it's busy and
I don't want this page to just be all
about reviewing you know whatever but
i'ma have to fulfill my commitment with
Best Buy with those objects so I'm a
little overwhelmed in that perspective
you know okay and so let's talk to you
real quick I know there were more
questions and I'm gonna try to scroll up
and get to those but let's talk to
Yvette about what life is like balance
like what is it like being married to a
dreamer
because I feel like sorry I feel like I
feel like it's difficult I feel like
there's never any like
like I can't see hey there's not like a
I don't even know how to explain it
being it's not so much that you're a
dreamer it's that you're creative and so
like allowing you to operate in your
gifts and like I don't think there's
anything wrong in keeping a creative or
a chamber whatever you want to classify
yourself as the only being is it's very
uncomfortable there we go it's very
uncomfortable because you never know
like four months a month like how much
is gonna make and are we gonna be able
to pay this bill or that don't worry
whatever and typically like I have
worked our entire marriage so it's not
that big of a concern but now that I am
well I was on maternity leave they're
not taking a leave of absence from work
it's kind of nerve-wracking
it's not like horrible but it's like
whoa this is a true like journey of
faith but the Lord is gonna provide and
he is going to fulfill the vision that
Glenn has that he has given to Glenn and
that we're gonna make it
I just want to say Savannah just came in
this is a friend from back home
hi Savannah and then someone else asked
if I want to get a good secta me yes I
really want to get a vasectomy really
bad which kind of brings us to the next
point is that how's your job going my
job so my job right now is stay-at-home
mom and I was just telling Glynn last
night that as being a stay-at-home mom
and being an educator are two of the
most thankless jobs that exists I know
there are other thankless jobs that
exist but Sam hammam and as you gave it
our thankless jobs and being an educator
is totally way better I mean not better
it's truth in some way in that someday
you meant that I didn't mean better
I meant easier like it's easier to go to
work and educate these kids grave
campers build relationships I don't know
with like whatever and being here has
been quite the the job I've had when I
was in and I was a part of this program
called not for America in San Diego and
there was this guy professor dr. Gershon
and he he used to say that he was a
construction worker and he was a math
teacher and he said that being a teacher
was more draining
working in construction I feel like
being a stay-at-home mom it's a lot more
draining or a more work than being an
educator and so I don't need to think
it's like a bad thing it's just a lot of
work and it is a privilege to be able to
be at home with my children
it's just a lot of work and it's taken
like we're adjusting to it I think it's
starting to affect our marriage like
Miriam is funky phase where he's
pursuing this full-time and well you
lost your job so you're not a teacher
she's still a teacher in her heart I
think I think that's what I was trying
to get you to say that we don't you know
this
you're not working anymore no I just
said that okay but I so so before it was
basically me being a stay-at-home dad
and then working creatively off-hours
when she would get home and like super
late at night I write music I edit video
and stuff no she didn't get home since I
was workout super late at night but she
yeah and so but now roles are kind of
switching to we're like okay
YouTube has to become our main source of
income and YouTube into music or
whatever else I can I can do has become
my main source of income and she's
taking home the phone like she's doing
the full stay-at-home mom thing it's
super challenging because I don't know I
just think it's hard it's hard for both
of us
I don't know
it's hard for me because I don't know
you know when money comes in when it's
coming I just have to kind of work my
butt off and I think I in my mind like I
I can't slow down thank you
everyone's commenting on events here
it's a washing boat good job
yeah but I think the challenging part is
that I right now I have a vision in my
head and I I have to run crazy toward
this vision it's almost like I have
blinders on and I can't like like I can
slow down of course with family and
friends
but because I have this vision in my
head it's my responsibility to make the
vision of substance so that she can see
it and she can grasp onto it you know
right yeah
I kind of want to back up a little bit
cuz people are confused about my job
okay um so what really happened was I
allowed my teaching credential to expire
I allowed my teaching credential to
expire I had an opportunity to renew it
and do you take care of everything that
it takes to get my teaching credential
back up to par but I
I just drag my feet with that and then
did it follow through the way that I
needed to so that forced me to take the
leave of absence from my job so
technically I want to leave of absence
for the next school year but this is all
happening while my heart was being
called home you want to go get on like I
was already having like sentiment strong
sentiments of I really want to be home
with the kids and like I want to be the
one taking care of the kids and now that
we have three I think I think I think
that it would be a really good idea for
me TV this is so we're talking to a
family anyway I think it would be a
really good idea for me to be the one
that's at home and it's weird because
it's funny because like when Glenn first
stayed home with the boy
leg with the kids it was kind of like
people kind of looked at her sideways
like huh but it's worked out really well
and I think that it worked out really
well because they're boys and I think
for these first three to four years they
really needed their dad to be like a
huge presence in their life and so I
think we were blessed in that way to be
able to have Glen home with the boys but
not that we have an ayah I'm kind of
like well I want to be home with not
just an ayah with a kick all the kids
but I think that this is a great
opportunity for presence of mom to be
one of the more dominant present
in their lives I don't even know this
right now but it is what it is so now
I'm home and Glen works from home you
guys are aware of that and so I don't
know um let's see you know it's funny
people keep asking about my skincare
routine but I really don't do anything I
used of soap wash it with some Dove soap
and then I use Neutrogena and clean it
that way and then I use um
Wescott I don't even know the name of
the lotion I put a little bit of lotion
on the face and that's it right now I am
wearing some what is it called I am
wearing some foundation it's the I don't
know their minerals thank you
yeah so there's no I really don't have a
good thing what do I eat a lot of sugar
I really am NOT like I don't know that I
have oily skin you can't tell right now
um hi baby
so part of this is an idea that's a girl
I put on a headband so people wouldn't
say he's so cute I'm not say hi so um
also we wanna I wanted like it kind of
expose ourselves expose ourselves and
let you guys know that you know as as
we're putting you know Ezra pull this up
a little bit as we're like moving
forward and people are like yo we love
your family we love you you guys
represent this and this and this we were
like so far from like where we want to
be as a family as where we want to be as
Christians where we want to be as
husbands and wives husband and wife
father or mother like we're just far
away from that I want you guys to know
like the authentic side of like yo not
that what we do on video isn't authentic
but there is a lot of like struggle
behind the scenes and trying to make
sure that I'm you know a consistent
father in a consistent husband like
I think what's cool is that I've had the
opportunity like event is very honest
and she'll be like hey you know you're
not really portraying like who you
really are on this video so don't put
that out you know what I'm saying like
she's very honest about that and that's
cool to have that accountability in her
but there is a level of you know
transparency I think is needed and to
say like you know as a husband like
sometimes I'm not doing it
as I should be you know our baby carrier
is they keep asking that there's
multiple people asking that question
what ergo echo so you have an Ergo and
then I also have a we have an herbal and
also I have a baby beyond Maggie Andrew
or still watching a nice to smile for
the story's last night Thank You Maggie
I miss you guys yeah I've got to come
back up here we got to do another video
um you bet have you tried working alone
I have not tried working from home um
honestly you guys right now I feel like
I need to focus on getting a groove out
like being at home people have been
trying to approach me about different
job opportunities with tutoring and
online video tutorials or whatever but I
really just feel like I need to get into
the groove at home and figure out my
place with my role with what Glen has
going on to try to help him make things
happen for us
yeah yes we do yeah thinking about home
school the kids not not because of you
trying to be off no I'm trying to like
you're blocking my light I feel like a
long dart in my dark young there's
nothing
okay cool and also being a landlord
what do you somewhere into right now um
but yeah I just want to be super
authentic with you guys and allow you to
eat great you know I don't know just
know who we are you know kind of because
I don't want you guys to like think
we're something that we're not you know
what I mean like like I don't know I
feel like so I wanna say this I don't
know if we've already just talked about
this but uh-huh when Glenn first told me
he wanted to start a YouTube channel and
even if you go back to the earlier
episode it's like you don't see me a lot
because I don't like being out there
like that but I don't like exposed
he likes to fly below the radar yes I
like to just you know so I don't know so
now I feel like I've been getting some
direct messages from some of the guys
who watched the channel and just
comments and my posts or whatever and
it's actually very encouraging to know
how encouraged you guys are but as
Glenn's platform seems to be
32 subscrip 3 2006 cameras don't yank
ketchup I'm sorry what
yeah I'm Way behind 38 thousand
subscribers high-five to that yes ding
that even makes it yeah anyways by the
end of this year he's going to be a
hundred thousand subscribers and so I
don't know that's just a lot of people
in our lives watching what's going on
and I don't want people to think that
we're somewhere that we're not because
our marriage is not perfect our
parenting is not perfect and there's so
many things that need work and so I
guess like my desire is just for you
guys to just know that we're real people
yeah and like yeah yeah so 30 yeah so
we're at 38,000 check that some people
are asking like you know how did you get
that you get to that amount and it
really is a couple things so at this the
beginning is here we're at 17,000 and so
I've just been trying to really
consistently spit out you know videos
and what happens is usually youtubers
take breaks so what you but you're not
supposed to do is what I'm learning in
YouTube is not take breaks and try to
have some viral attempts Facebook is
really our biggest platform like if I
put a video on Facebook it usually does
you know two to four times as much views
than YouTube and so what happens to some
of the Facebook subscribers of likes
people who like the page find us on
YouTube they're like oh my god I know
you had a YouTube page and
but anyway um yeah and so I think what
happened was that one of the videos that
I put out a couple weeks ago ah
believers I like that but a couple weeks
ago went viral so it's at two to one
hundred thousands of views and a lot of
people are finding us from that and then
they're going back and watching more
videos and so thank you everybody who's
new and checking it out the numbers the
numbers are so cool you know saying like
it's it's important Chris for uh for
advertisers but it's not the main goal
the messages that we get the the
families who are being reconciled of
them men who are like yo I want to be a
dad you know what I'm saying I want to
be a husband like those messages are
like crazy to me and so I'll kind of
share a little bit of I don't know I
don't know I try to share like a little
bit of like my stories were like I grew
up and you know my mom had me at a young
age and a lot of people were trying to
like influence her to have an abortion
you know what I mean and you know
growing up my whole life I was like
extremely suicidal because of some abuse
that happened or whatever and I just was
very negative and I didn't start out
with meek I didn't think I will make
much of my life or that I really have a
family because I didn't see so many
examples of healthy families and so this
whole thing about belief from father
like it represents is is way more about
the connection
and with people there there won't be a
dead one I'm like cool we hit our goal
and we're done I'll probably be at at
this fatherhood attempt for the rest of
my life because I understand the power
in it I believe that the glory of God
will shine bright through families I
believe that we can disagree on a lot of
different things politics you know
religion we can disagree on you know
sexual orientation you know all types of
different things we can disagree on but
one thing we can all agree on is that
family is a foundation you know for
great people and so I don't know I want
to connect with people on that basis I
don't really care about what people
think about Who I am as a father but I
believe that they when they watch they
can actually see that they can do it for
themselves there's so many different
reasons why I I want to do this but at
the same time even though that's a great
cause I could Susan still lose sight of
my family and was most important
pursuing that you know what I'm saying
and that's the scary part is that you
can be doing something with the great
intent and you can still lose sight of
what's most important
I think the challenging part lately has
been how does he vet live in my world I
feel like me being a stay like oh I
don't want to say I think I can say this
I feel like I'm I'm a nurturer by nature
and so I can I can see that's I know
Yvette better than she knows me I could
see and meet her needs better didn't
easier yes yeah yeah if you asked a lot
of people around you there's not only
one person that really gets you and his
name is Pat Lynch yeah because we're
basically the same person yeah but you
like no one else it's hard to think you
mean well yeah I'm very difficult to
understand and I think I can I am
nursing that's why yeah that's why yeah
sorry but yeah like um I know how to
serve her Thank You meryt so thanks joy
was I say you were saying that you know
me better than I know you right and so
now as the as you know the table turns
and I'm more like you know the
breadwinner and like the person that's
going out to pursue something you know
she has to come along and figure out how
she fits in my puzzle you know and what
role she plays there and
it's hard for me to even like like
allowed a baby to cry while I'm working
and not because I don't want to mess up
my guru my momentum like it's hard for
me to do that but in order for us to
meet the goals that we want to meet
financially there has to be like an
insane amount of dedication hard work
and persistence that I can't be
distracted and that sounds really like
real douchey but I feel like for so long
in our marriage I was I've been
distracted you know saying and I allow
myself to be poured in this direction
according this direction over someone
else's dream and now that I have my own
I just want to pursue with all in like
with what the intent that's kind of what
I think does that make sense
what did you see that I wanna see the
black family is under attack so I'm
working out and put the most high for
his shoes and clean your eye King candy
first yeah duh
yeah I know that I know that I know that
that's why I just say yeah I mean yeah
so
okay what do you think about teens
wanting to be parents that's pretty dumb
idea
ya know what that someone else what did
you think about pink teens wanna be -
yeah
guys seriously wait as long as possible
even when you get married
wait yeah I think I just I just blocked
Jamal Jamal I thinks but anyway um but
anyway yeah so
I think that's it did you answer
people's questions yeah let's go back
okay
I need any other questions thanks guys
I'm really like embracing the fro so
thanks for acknowledging it do you feel
like you lost time as a couple because
you had kids where's that mean last time
yeah yeah it was all kind of time what
else you should go vegan probably Evette
what are your dreams I don't know
anymore
I really don't
I don't know anymore
I feel like though I feel like there
being like three shaped what were your
dreams before I just wanted to grow up
and be a teacher and then you told me
you wanted to be this okay so then I and
then within the last couple of years I I
did want to be e like an administrator
because I was realizing that as much as
I can impact my students in the
classroom there's so much that needs to
be impacted with the system of education
in and of itself that I don't know that
I can necessarily do that for the
classroom so I was thinking about doing
it yeah but yeah I think right now in
this place that we're at I'm just being
called to be a mom and so I'm trying to
find a way to serve my family the best I
know how
Oh baby Oh
all right so you got your armpit all in
the video nice even Tamera
yeah okay so more more questions we take
more questions were you into photography
before if so I'm totally into
photography today okay I am into
photography I don't feel like I'm like
the best at it I want to be better at it
especially that everything that's been
shaved but yeah I would love to be able
to do photography on the side to make
money but I just don't think that I'm
that great yet how do you battle lazy
that's a good question how do I battle
laziness I don't know
I think laziness for me laziness and
depression go hand-in-hand you know what
I mean so if I'm like feeling depressed
and sad about something then I don't
want to work and so what I try to do is
oh what happened
where was it
what is yeah you know awesome video just
one question you have anything left to
say about John Gibbs it hurts to see the
dream Chuck explained no dream junkies
were supposed to split up man
that wasn't a thing for that's not you
it's like the music was great for you
for that time I decided to be dream
junkies was over you know saying like
John gives is her brother
that is her brother that is my
brother-in-law Mike that's my dog
you know what I'm saying like he's he's
he's my bro like you know I mean like
what would you say about your brother
like I have nothing to say nobody I love
my brother he's a good kid
it's still sad what do you mean I
understand that question
hello maybe your channel thank you so
much Cynthia thank you guys all the new
people who are coming along how will we
go about Sidney something there's a if
you go to my About section there's an
address you can set it to the PIO box
one question how long did it take for
your oldest child to grow in his hair
that way I think it's been about two
years it was right before his second
birthday yeah so about two and a half
years our favorite couple we are
inspiring a black man
do you follow the Dave Ramsey plan we
should but we don't right now we still
yeah shout out to Anthony ownio her
brother actually works for Dave Ramsey
he's a speaker how do you make time to
get in the word I found myself getting
in the word like you're super late at
night it's super late at night you know
I'm saying like when I'm like feeling
lost any more kids I hope not I do I
just want I mean I've got no time to be
you know PC he said that we could adopt
cuz I kind of wanted my Ahava sister and
he says that we can't guarantee that she
will have a sister who's next child
yeah and did we get another or Uriah
it's good yes he is a great kid but he's
very like I got a count you know you got
a walking when you start counting
believe do you think you would ever drop
another project again I don't think so
music is like if I do it'll be like for
free and it'll just be a passion project
and I won't want to get money off of it
I think it'll just be like this
exploring art I'm not really into music
right now how many children do we have
do we want she wants four when we got
married he said we can have four why are
you always bringing up old stuff because
it's not that old
it is that old which seven years it's
been seven years you still different so
I want some 7 years ago guys remember
blue call you August 7 August 7 is our
wedding anniversary 7 years married
I can't believe it seven years three
kids one home later
I mean we've lived in several different
homes but yeah we owned this you're
right it's very sweet he's he is very
very sweet but he just doesn't care you
know I'm saying like he doesn't care
about you know what he does to you and
then his answers are really like what
you know seems like riot why did you
play in your milk cuz I did you know
what I'm saying and that like right
there's like hold on
you know what I mean like he has an
attitude but you don't know that I don't
think he knows he hasn't that like where
can you get merch on the website belief
of fatherhood calm how did you guys meet
what conformation do you have what it
was a question we really how do we meet
we met I went to Point Loma Nazarene
University and San Diego California very
great school by the way
actually I thought about becoming a
resident director if anyone there that
has the ability to make this become
resident do anything okay just kidding
uh if you want to be right above that
there you have it we met there when it
was DJing multiple events that the Black
Student Union was putting on
there my god brother got married and he
aged 8 their wedding and I say how we
connected and he just wouldn't leave me
alone after that get out of here
it's true no the the more intimate thing
is I had my space at the time you know
saying and I was like yo oh yeah I was
like yo you got my space is she's like
nah I got my space I got Facebook I
don't talk like that
I did not say nein I said no I do not
have you're not better because I am NOT
he always when he says something that I
say he always changes his voice to voice
that I do not sound like and he uses
words that I wouldn't use so she said no
she has Facebook so then I got on
Facebook she's the reason I'm on
Facebook and so I tried to get at her to
DM and she was completely oblivious and
then I just left her alone cuz she
wasn't l wasn't like you know she does
not have a myspace anymore he's not
gonna friend you I analyze why my face
was just like I've been on there like a
year and a half though but yeah and then
I didn't I mean I guys like I've never
had a boyfriend before Glenn Glenn
things I have I've talked to people
she's talked to a guy - anyways what was
I saying yeah so I was totally oblivious
like I don't know signs of when a guy's
interested in you because no one was
ever interested in me don't know why I
was a catch
yeah and I think I think what happened
was really was um I I think they want to
know like how that happened and for me
like I got my heart broken like several
times messing around with like these
like super over spiritual this is gonna
sound like a disk but it's not but if
you're this chick particular it's these
like super over spiritual girls who are
like kind of like they like leap led you
on a lot like they'd like like let you
like date them and take them
the movies and take him out to eat and
then like it was like I was in the
friend zone forever and I just was like
angry you know what I'm saying so I was
like you know I'm not dealing with none
of these chicks anymore I'm just not I'm
just gonna like serve the Lord and I get
married so I was just like a complete
jerk to every woman I met
that was very mean and even like it
wasn't even mean to me yeah like we were
dating and she and I'd be like yo I just
was very like strict and like about my
convictions you know what I'm saying
and um and then what happened and then
like but I also like got my heart broken
so bad that I made a list of everything
I wanted in a woman before I met Yvette
before we started kicking in and she's
teething she wants to buy something yeah
if so you know when I started hanging on
Yvette I gave that list of like five
different homeys and I got yo this is
everything I wanted a woman the next
woman that doesn't you know I'm saying
like come around and shoot if she
doesn't have this then you know let me
know and I'll make sure I get rid of it
you know I'm saying like I wasn't about
the games and so like when he that
started coming around she had everything
that I wanted and a woman and I like you
know we were just friend or has you know
I did I did it and so yeah and so she
had everything I wanted and then we
started kicking it and that's kind of
how I proposed to her so she goes like I
might not have proposed to her but how I
asked her mother and father like if I
could bury her I just we went out to
lunch and I slid this paper across the
table and I was like look this is
everything I asked God for and
this is the list and they want to know
what the loan was onyl is he still have
the list is somewhere around here I
posted it and yeah put it on one of the
videos oh you oh the one you should go
back yeah go back to UM when I hung out
with Maggie Andrew I think it was like a
friends date or something like that
right no no I'm pretty sure it was it
was it was hanging out with um with
Maggie Andrew cuz we were telling to
start by the proposal yeah so go back to
that video yeah um yes I hope that
explains it if she's everything you
asked God for you gotta give her not for
today just or you stay trolling man the
body is in LA Oh
marnya yeah he's hanging out with Leah
just him and his wife oh no baby but he
won't come see us that's fine I don't
blame you I would love he doesn't want
me to tell anybody and I just told
everybody sorry I'm sorry Claudia you
screw yeah anyway yeah
c'mere ABBA I'm gonna get too close
right cuz you see that core right there
okay all right take her take her
okay yeah
any more questions how much has your
love changed since you have been married
and since you've had kids I love hasn't
changed got it
why are you looking at me like I better
answer the same way you answer Oh cause
our love hasn't changed its evolves yeah
I think yeah like your love languages
that people always talk about love
languages in a different level love
languages I think the love languages
have changed some have become more
predominant than others you know I could
care less about acts of service before
we got married I mean like you know
before we had kids but now you have kids
it's like yo thanks so much for watching
my clothes you know Sam I really
appreciate you notice that beer Lauren
underwear and ones that you'll expose me
you know they're worse sometimes um yeah
yeah yeah yeah
do you think you should yeah of course
well we have issues we have kind of like
a place to go to yeah a place to start
from a place to like everything you know
I feel like our relationship with God
humbles us and allows she just passed as
it allows you know us to kind of know
the heart me intent about each other I
think I feel like I'm a better
communicator
we will not shave our point oh wait
actually I don't know I won't and Ian is
talking about we can movie come in town
will you babysit they got six kids heck
no I wouldn't mind but I don't know
actually I got to see it he is you gotta
see it the kids are cute cute kids I
mean really well-behaved amazing me ten
kids here what recently I love Jenna
thank you guys so much for watching
already we just answered how did we meet
sorry for the trolls guys I didn't even
know they were here I was just kind of
talking and any other questions I don't
want our kids to play football no you're
right above seems like you might be a
natural where in football but yeah I
don't like that idea
any advisory people have been asking
about the news how old are you guys I'm
32 she says he never knows what's gonna
come out of my mouth yeah man that's why
I like going laughing um ever considered
counseling like going to counseling
because we go to counseling yeah yeah we
have a lot of counsel when I have our
own room in the future I hope so yes
guys there might wants it yes we will
post the stream to our channel do I
support gun do I support guns gun
supporters from protecting maybe go of
course and that might meet maybe new
subscribers that's why
would advise me to give someone who's
best friend doesn't feel the same keep
trying
wait wait wait wait what what advice you
have for someone who loves that best
friend but their best friend doesn't
feel the same just get out of here you
deserve to be with someone who feels the
same won't you give them some of your
water either why don't you get on your
water you I'm thirsty maybe you can
drink from my water your water is cold
I'm actually being more considerate
because my water drinking
let's see Raya please right come here
wait I think I think you deserve to be
with someone who loves you
who wants to be with you you understand
he's my twin my I don't think that you
should try to chase it's not moving two
things I want them to see Rio and me oh
I think you did I don't think you have
you should have to convince someone to
love you even though that does work
sometime you know I'm saying but that's
just not my style
you know somebody want to be with me and
I'm cool peace out yeah we were like
engaged I was like look there's no
workout got something benefit we didn't
know I'm saying like while we're engaged
so bad yeah yeah yeah
yes I mean junkies aren't done what is
that question how do you share God with
your babies the process I mean I feel
like feel do you want to see now I feel
like sometimes like yeah you kind of
just say like behaviors won't make God
happy where what's up you know I don't
do that I do
Lane cuz I feel like that's guilt
tripping is it yeah no I I feel I say hi
yeah can you tell well who's God we had
a conversation
how do you know that movie that's a hard
question things I have read for you
it's a you don't have the answer I that
was a hard question um look up and smile
yeah I feel like you know trying to
explain what I'm doing trying to explain
who God is to them I can't explain who
God is to me you know understand but I
can't explain who God is supposed to be
to them but I can like because like my
relationship with God doesn't doesn't
automatically go onto them you don't
sound like they have to find they have
to like experience their own
relationship with God you know what I
mean and so it's very difficult but you
know as we communicate as we talk to
them on the daily we bring God into the
conversation and that's just like you
know a while ago like I stopped praying
for Theo I stopped praying for him and
prayed for them so like I used to like
father God thank you for Papa talking
about myself
thank you for mama talking about my wife
but from their voice like I would speak
as them but now I don't do that anymore
I just pray for them thank you so much
for my son thank you for allowing me to
be his dad and being his life today and
thinking that we got to have fun here
and that we got to eat this and we got
to do this and I'm praying for him which
I hope teaches him to pray for other
people you know understand but I don't
think we should pray in the manner that
is us speaking to God for our children
but we should talk to God about our
children you know I'm saying hope that
answers your question has there been any
time you wanted to give up on your
marriage I don't know if I can answer
that question oh hey come back to that
do your kids know that they're
superstars they're not superstars they
don't know but they're not superstars
and I would like to tell them anything
like that because I just feel like it's
such a not tangible like way to see
yourself
they just super regular kids and I just
want to keep them that way as long as
possible
you love your channel sending love from
North Carolina my question is how do you
handle the role reversal with the car
working okay yeah that's hard that was
hard I think you know the role reversal
but I was I wasn't really making that
much money you think you slick um you
know she always was making more money
than me you know what I mean
and I'm I'm already kind of like a
nurturer anyway just because you know
growing up you know what my mom like I
don't know why I'm I feel like such a
nurturer like I can deal with babies
have you is it ever been a point where
you wanted to give up on your marriage I
actually don't
I definitely want to you know
that me no it's not I'm not a violent
person I wish I didn't take my words
back but this is not on the internet so
yeah we um here I got it
he lifted up a little bit oh yeah I
think she's hungry guys um I've never
wanted to give up one of my marriage I
when I got married to Glenn I knew that
he was gonna be married to me for the
rest of his life and the only way out is
if I died like the voice has never been
an option for me well you were horrible
I pay attention when I'm driving anyways
yeah when I when we got married it was
for the long haul like I definitely
wasn't expecting him to compose as
quickly as he did and then get married
as quickly as we did but I knew that he
I knew that I loved him and I knew that
he was the one that the Lord hand-picked
for me because he sure wasn't what I
picked out for this so she's funnyer
another thing
yeah I think your way from you tomorrow
you're gonna Larry but you're funny I
love you Ron perfect but you're not
doing it on purpose you know Sam's like
you're just funny you don't say like
when I'm being funny I'm trying to be
funny you're just funny okay I would I
wouldn't say that there's times where I
want to be a bit more than fun marriage
but I would say there's time when I felt
hopeless like oh this is just gonna suck
forever
what yeah oh yeah I'm at I guess like
I'm slow what like like we said earlier
in this video
Gwen knows me better than I know him and
so because Glenn knows me better than I
know him she serves me well
he loves me well and trust me I love
this man but I feel like there are still
things that I'm learning about him and
how to be like the wife at the Lord has
called me to be to them or to help me
but the one has called me to be with him
and it's taking oh it's taken awhile I
feel like I'm still working at it but
it's taking forever because when I feel
like I got it figured out there's a
whole other blind spot that I didn't
know I had and so I don't know like yeah
I never wanted to give up it kind of I
guess it keeps it keeps the marriage no
I mean it's just it's always discovering
so I'm going to know her and I'm she's
getting to know me I'm always changing
she's always changing so we're growing
as people and we're getting to know each
other so certain things she likes now
she may not like eventually you know
yeah and so that's kind of the
ever-evolving thing because before you
know much you know I feel like my goals
have set usually set around you hey I
want to travel I want to do this I'm
gonna do that so I'm not okay how can we
make this happen you know but now I'm
kind of like I don't really care what
you got going on yeah hey this is where
we're going which I feel like is there
correct way for me to behave in my
household
you know I'm sad as a leader I'm like
you know what I dig all that stuff
you're talking about you want to do but
right now this is where we're gonna go
and we're probably gonna hit some of
that stuff on the way yeah
Oh Mayweather for short what someone's I
don't know no it's like it's a boxing
match come on what is your opinion on
women are religious people I don't have
an opinion on unreal add you to know I
mean like what's up you know understand
like I don't really see people and
they're like brackets of like religious
or non-religious you know I feel like we
are all people who God loves and some of
us know it some of us don't you know
some of us know it and act like he
doesn't you know what I'm saying
anyway what the after you mean that's
once matter just yeah he knows that what
cuz you said that you don't care no no
but the thing is you guys don't
understand it's a that gets what she
wants whether I she's gonna be that like
you know saying like I don't want to
make it seem like yo he bets once are
part of my property here's the thing so
here's the thing about Glenn and we
actually discovered this early wasn't in
our marriage or when I think it was in
our marriage I just speak out loud so
I'll say things like man I really like
to like sell our house get an RV and
travel from all 50 states in the u.s. in
our and then she'll finish that I finish
talking
and then I'll say things like oh I
really want a Range Rover or I'll say
things like man I really want to own a
home
there's a lot of land where the portion
goes around the entire house or I'll say
things like I wanna go to ziplining
those guys I always I want to do this I
want to do that and so my list of once
just going and going and going and then
glimpse head he's thinking and I didn't
know this but it blends head he's
thinking like how can I make this happen
everything I'll I would say he is making
a mental note in his mind that he
thought once it was I mean literally
making a list
I'm literally making a list of
everything that she wants to do and I'm
like okay and then I'm realizing wait a
minute that thing like they don't go
along with that and I'll be like and I
go with two years ago you said you want
to do this she's like that was two years
ago yeah so he's my but he's ignoring my
desires guys please don't misunderstand
he's just saying at this point like he's
actually taking a huge leadership role
and saying you bet I hear you but right
now I know that this is a track that the
Lord has this on so I'm gonna pursue
this and all your needs and desires we
met alone and I don't take any offense
that at all
so I appreciate it when y'all come on
they are a super gotcha back down I love
it it's crazy I'm like you don't always
explain yourself very well you kind of
just okay that's fair but I feel like
they should know me they got your back
they got your back everyone always has
the wife's back I need some dudes it's
like you know I got y'all feeling blood
I word my wife's good peoples yeah you
bet between you what you and John nice
as siblings
and his crystals what guys I'm gonna
just say this my brother is my brother
and I love him like I love my brother
like I love my conscience so I know that
everyone's kind of questioning like his
faith and whatever he's doing but please
don't do that like everyone's walking
with the Lord is their walk with the
Lord and eventually they will be held
accountable shoes Heavenly Father so
he's he's living life he's making music
he's following his own convictions and
that's good for him like that has
nothing to do with us we love Him
they're proud of him we he makes
mistakes like huge successes he's
growing like he's God yes he's growing
or he's figuring it out
you know and that's what I think
sometimes like we're so quick to be like
oh well he Nover here no more he you
know saying like we're so quick to cast
and went off because they're not doing
what they were doing you know but you
gotta understand like you know like he
knows who he is
yeah you know I'm saying and he's very
honest with you did you ask him like yo
do you do this he'll be like yes most of
us though believers what we'll do is say
yeah well you know the scripture say
ain't no wrong with that man you know
saying like so just like just just chill
like chill off that but he's my brother
long I'm her brother
we're really close my children look like
him but stop calling them little just
yeah they're not you know saying like
that's Uncle John you know I mean um
someone else
wake me up
oh yes I'm gonna want to bomb
yeah I mean festive thing is that John
lives his life out loud and a lot of the
things that he cuz John never claimed to
be a Christian rapper he's just a
believer who makes music and so I feel
like a lot of the things that he does
and how he lives his life out loud other
people don't necessarily do it but I
think he's just trying to say I don't
know I don't know why I'm not even going
to speak on his behalf
all I know is I love him and yeah that's
the brother she wants you know she
doesn't know what she does she wants to
fight all right I want to see what some
questions are how long don't do this
girl you've been on here for a minute
oh I thought we'd only gonna do it for
30 minutes been 35 minutes guys 20
longer
she's Ryan Bo said he wants to have fun
with me all right he'll come here what
do you what made you guys decide to
dread both of the kids hair that was
mine we yeah that was my choice I used
to have dreads back in a day so I used
to have dreads back in the day and for
me and do I want to be able to I want to
be able to know like our kids I want
them to have their own identity and so
as kids are running around and thank you
as kids are running around and like
we're out at the park it's easy to
identify who our kids are you know what
I'm saying
that's kind of like their own image
stain death yeah it was my idea and I do
their hair so that's why it's like that
and now I can't see I can't see the wait
so are you saying you dreaded their hair
so that they can you see yes so that we
can know who they are the baby girl will
not have dreads she will not
I guess that was one of our simulations
when I get my babies these are all my
baby my baby see see that view there are
my babies but when I get a baby girl her
hair is mine which is another reason I
have to stay at home yeah because I know
that one day I will come home from work
and go how this baby's hair dress and I
will be crying and we will probably
fight
I can't find anything anyways but you
just flipping her off we see that
feels cool name is the awfulest and it
means lover of God love God
can you see safety of us you know
recently I just discovered that he
doesn't he didn't know how to say no we
didn't make sure you catch a name that's
embarrassing
anyways his name because people keep
asking ugly names
his name is Mariah
which means laying of God or light of my
vagina son uh maybe he's got answered
and so we need a necessarily plan or I'm
all having like biblical names or like
in hospital names but we did from a
Moroccan name of shopmen so I don't know
I was still watching but her sister was
a student of mine she gave me a list of
names and that's what we found and then
I am and a lot of people actually set an
eye as well
how does it feel guys to have a sister I
think people want to know that hey put
the weapons down how do you guys like
having a sister do we want to answer
that what how would you write this one
is you that's a really good question is
a really good question I just don't know
if it like at your kid why can't it oh
yeah you just love them I mean you know
um yeah it's important to know that
regardless of what your kids do that you
love them you know what I'm saying that
they feel like love from you you know so
no matter what they do how they come out
what they experience it's really
important that the kids know that we
love them and that they are invited
accepted and that we are part of their
lives and we support them can you put
that down please
yeah that's that's basically it all
right man I'm tired of this baby you
wanna watch TV now yeah I need to fight
that crap thing that feels lying gotten
better yeah this is how I see the fight
you know you pay hard
hey let's talk about this this is one of
the videos we have coming out how was it
today at swim class I was doing dumb and
I pull my face under the water how I
react when I gets a period I don't know
right I'm not to feel said not and
literally walked away and someone else
asked for someone you guys got to go
downstairs though thanks guys
yeah tickets your weapons someone asked
from growing up in a rough household how
do you break the cycle and I feel like I
can speak to that you know I you know I
think a lot of Dave Ramsey's talks
encouraged me because he was always
talking about changing your family tree
you know and allowing it to kind of
sprout I've never really been the type
of person who's like proud of my last
name just cuz I didn't really know what
it meant until I started to have kids
and it's like you know they have my name
you know saying and I just feel like we
are going to create more of an antidote
than we are going to create a problem
you know our children will be the
solution I feel you know in situations
and cultures pillars in the community
and that's yeah and that's kind of what
I believe we all serve at church we
don't serve at church we used to do the
Green Team but I do like lead a life
group which is like a few families get
together with all the kids
and we lead a life group so we serve in
that capacity you bet they love your
hair again have you guys face any
insecurities in your marriage on how did
you get past this oh yeah yeah for sure
Yvette Yvette was a virgin when we got
married and I was experienced and that
was very about the fever
oh gosh about the flash everybody gets
reported yes we already asked you the
question how how we met in my Nigerian
no my dad's from Trinidad
his dad is from Tobago his mom is for
Trinidad and then my my ancestry goes
back to Cuba skin tones earth tones what
do I have a degree no I don't have a
degree in anything and I'm actually
proud of that I am that has a degree in
mathematics master's degree in
mathematics and she has teaching
credential well RJ such wild questions I
know RJ is my friend and he we have a
lot of great projects coming up red
pills of black sugar versus and father
what was the growth change right pills
next was my first record and fatherhood
is I feel like the summation of who I am
and red pills is like who I was before I
got saved and a father is like who I am
now
no I didn't grow up in LA I grew up in
oceans it's about Nigeria no no you want
to know ask me I went to Point Loma and
I was like one of the only black people
where but the cafeteria workers used to
always ask me where are you from like
Oceanside California right here in San
Diego County
yeah shout out to Desmond Hicks
sometimes we're up there we don't even
hit you up bro cuz I don't know when
you're working so yeah be up in LA I'm
from Baltimore went to UM no female
Academy are you sure the chocolate
babies miss them
yeah you missed them boo my
sister-in-law wants to make custom head
wraps all right that was RJ I was
home-schooled okay yeah so someone was
somehow homeschooling at how its going
to negatively affect the children by not
giving them a lot of a social schooling
I don't know I mean back in the day I
don't know how it was but now there are
so many different options for
homeschooling like three days a week and
then having your kids do two days in the
classroom setting or like in a social
setting and we are we are so intertwined
with so many different people like Glenn
says our village is poppin that work our
network is perfect that our boys I don't
think they'll ever really have too much
of an issue socializing because they're
always around
other kids and also I think that's just
a I think that's current customs like I
don't feel like that is mature to put a
bunch of chilled like I mean it's not
much I'm not saying that I don't want to
judge anybody who did that or my parents
were doing that to me
but I don't know if I was led correctly
by allowing my peers to raise like I
don't I don't know like I don't know if
it was smart for for me to allow my
peers while my parents like I was raised
by cousins and the opinions of families
I mean friends and stuff like that like
the school system had me had more
affecting me that my mother did you know
I'm saying oh my father so yeah and if
someone else asked it was a really good
question
nothing I I'm charlie not that I
everybody else didn't asking questions
but songs I'm just called my role okay
anything Oh anything you wish you would
have found out about or I didn't know
she had student loan job I did not know
it's funny because we got married right
when I started teaching and that's when
they bill collectors come say hey and I
was like one loans and then I found out
and it was like what because before we
got married I was like y'all got dead I
got $4,000 in debt and I hope you accept
me I didn't know I had it was so much
and I just was stuck why do you call
your idea right you're right a bull he's
in your name is Bo Bo means handsome we
didn't know you're gonna be handsome
he didn't actually come on - Hansen oh
but he's very handsome now there's
anybody else like know that all babies
don't come out cute yeah for real I
think we need to stop lying everybody
I'm their baby's cute is he back each
what is it a family I don't know what
each is but her family is definitely for
gala
I'm gonna sue the Longboat your eyes
nickname is bulb no it sees no name
hair locking tips palm rolling shea
butter works word alright I think we are
going to end it here and so as you guys
know like I'm a late on putting up
videos I supposed to put mine up on
Monday yesterday and I was gonna put up
another one today but my computer isn't
working I'm taking that to the genius
store tomorrow so hopefully we get this
thing fixed
and then you'll have more videos and I
apologize for the delays and stuff I
really need to tell you guys if you guys
are into self-care us yeah SoCal area
I'm gonna be performing at rhetoric this
year that's in the IE Rancho Cucamonga
Kevin stage is gonna be there Ezequiel
just web it's gonna be dope so I'll be
doing some poetry in there alright so
thank you guys for watching and I
appreciate your existence and we will
see you next time bye I am Maya she
don't care about nothing I am Mayan look
mine is I she wants to yellow what this
oh she don't care I chop these
yes
