yo what's going on guys my name is
belief thank you so much for stumbling
on our channel really from products
later this channel is for everybody and
it's to show realistic and honest look
at what it's like to be a parent we just
try to be honest we're not trying to be
perfect we're just trying to figure it
out as we go some things we do well some
things we do very badly but you can be
the judge and you can be entertained by
what we do you either love this town I
want to have more kids or you love this
channel and not want to have kids and
it'll be a better form of birth control
for you I'm husband of a beautiful wife
Yvette and a father of three children
blp Uriah and Ania
they are amazing kids and honoured that
we have the opportunity to be stewards
over these lives this the channel is
entertaining it's fun it's educational
you'll laugh you'll cry you'll get a
tooth ache from all this sugar from the
chocolate babies it's just a lot of
sweetness I believe and so the dopest
channel is to kind of give hope to
people who don't have kids yet and who
are kind of like I don't know if I want
to have kids so I don't know what it's
like Rhonda I never knew with anybody
who was married or had a healthy
marriage and so as we try to stay
healthy in our marriage what I'd be
encouraging to you just wherever you are
in your walk and so thank you so much
for stumbling upon this page take on as
many videos you want share as many
videos you want and if you are into
supporting or being a part of something
bigger click on links or patron which is
where you can get longer videos and all
types of incentives and things like that
so that link is up here and yeah thank
you so much I'll let you get back to
watching and I'm going to get back to
work please
you
