so the baby's fine hurry up what I say
what happened okay so I and the boys and
I have a lunch date with my mom and some
friends and I've been getting ready the
boys are sitting on my bed and they're
talking about being black versus brown
and it's actually like an active debate
the other thing that they are brown and
uriah saying that they're black and so I
then feel brings me into the debate and
I like a Glen so this is where the
conversation takes place what was
happening he says I came in the room and
steals money and my black I'm not black
yeah and then I was like and then Bible
is like yet they're black we are that
hey em hey ma what's not go to Ghana and
Nightbird and pill okay she'll okay so
hi my brother told me our there back
when I was black I'm Noblet I'm Brown
yeah
what color is Ania right okay lamb she's
brown yeah what okay what about what
about this picture do you remember this
picture of an ayah sit down I never was
doing she's brown oh okay so do you see
the difference in the nice color
what do you see that she's lighter here
oh why should it need to be lighter and
I measure this by 2020 nerd listen
Ania an eye right here okay so Ania is
still brown okay so you are bland you
are brown yes all right you I've learned
and crown now listen yeah okay listen
the color the color of your skin look at
me the color of your skin is brown okay
okay listen thank you
but we are race we are black people okay
listen listen
so we are black people okay okay okay
okay I got a dress okay laughter I got
it I got it
okay okay listen listen we are black
people when we're gonna look at this
okay right here we have a picture of who
is this all our friends your Henry viola
this is Taylor this is mechanic this is
my sister this is my friend caucus is my
favorite and this is my place one or
this is my play license
this is my my use this is my boy Levi
yeah that's
yes but Batman you buy a we're a nice
okay listen
all right now look look do you see
difference in color here turns like
mushrooms like you
it sure is a what about this about Tibet
Tibet Tibet okay now what about their
skin color what color are they my friend
well my brother Amir on my friend okay
say Lily about your friend
what about their skin what color is
their skin care skinny Aniston
what color Siskin brain brown what
colors Brayden skin brown
now listen everybody is shades of brown
so there's some light Browns like Anaya
when she first came out of mommy's belly
light brown and there's some dark Browns
Papa's really dark brown see my skin
it's really dark brown oh yeah
and so what that means is we have
melanin can you say melanin melanin
that's what makes our skin dark all
right so we are brown our colors brown
our race is black it's my chance to talk
did you hear what I said when if you
could tell me what I just said then you
can talk what did I say
so look we are black people that is our
race that's our race that's because when
you see other black people like come on
he's dead he's a black person too we are
black people but our skin is brown yes
just in a clam shell wait rinse soap
so he said menu is what are black people
I think he does it but just because our
skin is different doesn't mean that we
are different type we are different
people we just have different color skin
like Papa has no hair you have a lot of
hair I thought right and Papa has no
hair but always still people we're still
friends
listen okay good so Daniel Braden he's
white but he's people he's is he
different from you what how is he
different he's not different he's just
got different color skin okay
- in drink so what do we learn today you
wanna let that when you are my friend
not all and it'll be great okay so when
we're Renee
my brother Sam we are black people so we
are black people wait and Aniyah is
brown and is my friend
why was my swing my mom and my dad are
friends together yeah
we are my mother my sisters are swing
yeah and they are friends no matter what
color the skin is hi you can still be
friends with everybody we are all
friends right right about you and I are
everybody's equal happy buddy
we have brown skin our race is black and
we have melanin melanin is what makes
your skin brown that beautiful brown
color like chocolate and that's why I
call you sure and that's why I call you
chocolate babies I was kind of lost at a
loss for words I didn't really know how
to explain to such young minds the
difference because this is the first
time that feel is even talked about race
you know saying like he would look at
something or though that white girl or
something like that a fella
ah what a night I was born he asked why
is she white mm-hmm and then once she
started getting darker he was like
where'd the white baby go well if so
like as parents you never really know
what questions are going to come your
way and when they come you don't really
know how to answer them because you're
realizing like who you're talking to and
so even as he said why are we black
people I had to ask myself that question
like why are we black people you know
times alone like why is it that turn
black people and not that I have
anything now that I think it's anything
we're whole with the turn but why why
block why black why not brown why not
ground because we are we are brown you
know but I guess to help him understand
how society sees us because then I was
putting like systemic like thoughts in
his head like telling him how society is
willing to basically put him into a box
and that was frustrating
Araya did not want anything to do with
the conversation oh my god is it near
irrelevant I I don't know I'm just
merciless how you always have approach
to conversation don't tell us what we
did wrong because we know it was kind of
one of those conversations and stumbled
over some people are going to do that
that just comes with the territory so
let him go in and say is to be did some
wrong that's fine
that's been if you would have handled
this any differently tell us hit us with
links whatever because reading material
on how to talk to three and
four-year-olds about race yes because
I'd like I'd like to represent this yeah
and bring it to him before and the hard
part about it as parents is that you
don't know when it's coming so you can't
actually initiate it you know I mean
like I think would have been wrong for
us to say hey guess what your black son
and he's white and he's brown yeah you
know they're like without him initiating
yeah for like because even when Glenn
asks the question like what color what
colors did you say what colors did you
see your son at yeah Theo started
talking about the colors of dirt mm-hmm
and not so much to color the skin so I
can't focus wasn't even necessarily on
the skin at that moment in time but that
was what started the conversation so
it's like they don't really care about
the color of everyone's skin but it is
something that they notice but they
don't know how to talk about it and so
I'm not really sure what initiate is a
conversation between feeling
is initially a couple days ago but I
think it was good at shooting it at you
he had to dive and through it though
yeah I think those could and and I yeah
you don't want to just shrug those types
of things off yeah for sure we did meet
residual a lot - yeah and also like as
as parents we have to kind of prepare
the minds of our children for how
they're going to do with society at
large I know four is the early age three
is the early age to deal with that but
you just never know what other kids
parents are saying to them you know the
saying to their kid and then what
they're going to introduce to our kids
so it's good that we you know have to
explain it to them because somebody will
say it if you don't you know you don't
tell your kids how babies are made
they will somebody will tell you no and
that goes for every other situation so
when people say oh man don't tell your
kids about money so soon let them be
kids or don't tell them you know that
why can't kids be kids it's like you
know we don't really have time for that
we don't know how long I always think
about my death you notice I don't know
how long I would be alive and what I'm
going to be able to influence over my
children so I think it's good that we
tell our kids as much as we can while
they can comprehend
okay hi baby
hmm you love me almost look mo sometimes
I wish I could for one minute
say hi nyle is he going say hi baby
Hey
hi everybody all right
