today's a very day the ways of our
Vietnam these messages they kept saying
that they saw a picture of feel on a
billboard in all these different places
and I had totally forgot someone contact
about using one of my photos for world
gallery now when I got hit up I didn't
know what they meant and it turns out
that there's a picture of the field that
I took in 90 different places around the
world
he's on Billboard's everywhere it so
today we are going to go see the
billboards don't know it okay so
actually I got a new lane for my phone
it's a moment way and I want to check
out some pictures so I took a couple
pictures of feel
he was rocking these brain blast and
looked really cool
I'm like
I'm in town
I don't want to be this excited it's
like my artwork displayed on the biggest
gallery of all guys look at the minions
up there plan up there I don't know why
me where do you guys even minions up
there yeah over there look the minion
rival Katie Dominion look this way I
learned you can take some doors are
inside look here I go and here I'm
talking baby
okay I want you to keep looking at the
billboards okay
this windows
okay keep looking okay you see anything
else
you see you have billboards do you see
this billboard right here
ah what is that yeah
crazy right look I've already been
getting tons of emails Instagram DM
snapchat DM Twitter DM Facebook tags
call space times all that stuff you guys
have been blowing me of letting me know
that these billboards around and I knew
that the billboards were out but I just
didn't understand how big it was and
then I found out I'm good to go seeing
so this is great this is awesome and
we'd love to see all the billboards but
it's just not in the budget to travel
around the world and see every billboard
it's 90 of them there are 20 different
countries the only thing I can do is ask
you you you you for yell so that we can
see the billboard so here's what we came
up with I'm partnering with Rainn
see I'm partnering with ranked brain of
the brand of glasses Fields wearing in
the picture and I wear them all the time
these are rain glasses I wore them on my
no chill I'm cover I wore them on
everything I pretty much have changed
all my glasses over to rain glasses so
I'm partnering with that company and
we're trying to see the rest of the
billboards but we need your help
ok so this is where you come in so three
people are going to win two pair of rain
glasses it's really simple all you have
to do is take a photo a video or
boomerang of yourself interacting with
the billboard and the most creative post
when step one first you have to be
following myself and rain on Instagram
that's just a given step two is you have
to be subscribed to this YouTube channel
because I will be telling you who wins
on this channel alright step three
use the Billboard list to find one close
to you and take a picture a boomerang or
a video of yourself interacting with it
and any way you want step 4 share your
posts on Instagram tag myself rain and
use the chocolate rain hashtag that's
chocolate and rain spell our aen that's
the name of the brand use that hashtag
and we'll be selecting the winners now
we don't know how long these billboards
are going to be up for they wouldn't
tell me they will give me information so
you have to get active ASAP I will be
announcing the winners on August 2nd so
make sure you guys depend it's in to you
guys in the loop
I'm so excited thank you guys so much
for your support protect your life to
keep your network poppin
