today's date is October 19 2018 October
19th is a very significant day for me
because it is the exact day that I
uploaded my first episode of belief and
fatherhood to this channel okay so that
means we've been doing this for three
years we started in 2015 with the sole
purpose to serve three different
communities so I gets us a try purpose
equip father's give hope to mothers and
inspire children now I feel like we've
been doing a great job equipping fathers
by sharing the videos that we share and
telling the stories that we tell I
really feel like it gives an authentic
look to what fatherhood is like for men
to see I feel like the videos are
providing the same purpose to giving
hope to mothers as well and since we
started the how married are you podcast
I feel like that is awesome
strengthening the fathers and the
mothers however we've been really
missing the mark as far as inspiring
children okay now I'm not talking about
the 12 year olds the kind of young adult
age I'm talking about the young kids
like Theo Uriah and is age so you can
pretty much call that the mission
statement equipping fathers giving hope
to mothers and inspiring children a
beautiful thing about that is that we've
been prevalent in a lot of brand deals
and commercials and and advertising have
been using not only black families but
specifically my family to tell their
story or to to include us into their
storytelling and I am so appreciative of
that but one of my main goals is to
inspire children I have such a heart for
our children to be able to see
themselves represented on YouTube as a
platform itself and everywhere else now
if you look at YouTube there is a big
hole when it comes to kids content a lot
of the content is kind of fishing for
kids attention not really challenging
them mentally I feel like we have a huge
gap in the space that can be educating
and also entertaining children and this
is where I kind of came up with this
concept for Frank puppet now if you're
my patreon page you know all about Frank
puppet but let me just go ahead and tell
you if you don't know I started this
idea on snapchat it was a filter that I
couldn't get out of my head and people
really like to talk to this guy Frank
puppet was this kind of character that I
invented I believe is Frank
I have the United Negro superstitions
and remedies book here that was passed
down from generation and I got
frustrated because snapchat took the
filter away I couldn't use the filter
and I couldn't beat the face anymore and
I had this old voice to go along with it
so I asked my wife if she would be okay
with me spending $2,000 on a custom
puppy I had this idea and because of
what I had already accomplished with
belief and fatherhood she trusted me to
make that purchase now $2,000 is a lot
of money and was a lot of money at the
time as a matter of fact I was paying in
payments but I believed in this idea and
so I had to do the research I found the
puppeteer the puppet creator who I
wanted to get to create Minds my piece
of art and he did it and he's amazing
I'll link the videos to the creation of
Frank puppet right here that was quite
the process because he was very specific
to what type of eye shape - what type of
color of skin and his hair and all the
little details and he nailed it he
knocked it out of the park and Frank
puppet was born I started to kind of
tour around with the concept of Frank
last year I started teasing him in some
of the old videos of belief in Friday
where you will kind of see this
character pop up at the end of the
videos and kind of like testing to see
if you guys would be interested in that
and then the first of the year sometime
around then I launched the channel and I
felt like it was a successful launch I
think we got about 2,000 subscribers in
the first couple months and I saw that
you guys were very interested in the
concept however I've been doing this
thing pretty much alone since its
inception and I tried to do Frank puppet
alone - look I've been bald ever since I
was back in Birmingham I bought my link
here that I'll go go sell a bit back
then be your
so painful I didn't know how challenging
it was I didn't know how much work it is
to hold your hand up in the air and
communicate with kids without a script I
didn't know how to write a script I
didn't have a screen I didn't have a
good camera at the time I was using
basically what I had to get by and it
just wasn't cutting it the content was
cool I felt like it was okay but it just
was not hitting the mark and I really
want to excel with this concept and
knock it out of the park because I don't
feel like children's content should be
less than what I can offer you here on
belief a fatherhood just as a creator
and so I asked for help I recruited one
of my favorite people in the world
RJ Vergara who illustrated my children's
book link right here if you want a price
tag but he is the graphic designer in
the creative thought mind and heart and
soul behind Frank puppet he creates the
the imagery for the merch he has this
whole concept in his head and he's kind
of like the number one piece I have in
this thing and then there's Dante who
will be my editor and my assistant who's
helping out with a lot of things kind of
behind the scenes right now that you
guys don't know about this James Russell
who produces the music for Frank puppet
and I'm telling you the music is fire
we've been creating custom songs that I
really feel like speak to the heart of a
child but also knock so the parents can
enjoy it as well
my goal is to produce a real show like
content that's based on a character that
shows the sweetness of elderly folk and
this relationship between kids that we
kind of like neglect our older kin you
know like we don't treat them as well as
we should and I feel like Frank could be
a cool way to introduce older folk back
into like the the story
Frankie's are also with the golden heart
he loves children and he's not just
hanging around children I decided to
create him as the ice-cream man in the
belief in fatherhood space so you won't
really see him in my videos but he will
be the ice-cream man for the
neighborhood children around the way
with that we're able to talk about
geography because he's travelling around
we're able to do math because he's doing
exchanges of goods and in cash and money
there's gonna be a letter of the day
type situation there will be a menu on
the side and we actually want to build a
set that is a icecream truck that looks
really dope that he can sit in and the
kids can kind of like see what this
world is about I'm really excited about
this concept I'm excited about this work
but the problem is I can't do this alone
and I need help so the goal is to raise
funds I have my buddy Chris Webb who's
going to be doing animation for us it
would be great if some of the letters
and the ice cream on the show could talk
along with him RJ is gonna be helping
out with animation and graphic design
Dante is going to be focusing on the
editing aspect of what we're doing James
is gonna be a producer we do need
someone to build a set a ice cream truck
set my goal is to raise $75,000 I feel
like that's a good starting point we
might be able to rent a space for a
little while and kind of get all the
episodes knocked out I want to be able
to pay the people what they're worth I
want to pay r.j. I'm gonna pay Dante we
want to pay Chris Webb I want to pay
James I want to pay everybody with their
worth and there's more people that part
of this equation that I've been talking
to and kind of getting some feelers out
from but the thing is I just
don't have the funds to you know just
hire them so I need your help
for the whole month of December I'm
putting all of that money that we get
from patreon toward this campaign okay
so if you're on patreon you are going to
get perks the perks starts at the $5
they go up from there and everybody who
has been giving on patreon will be sent
to your perk in the mail I had my buddy
Raymundo he's gonna help me out sending
all that stuff to you guys so I don't
have to worry about it he's great at
Excel spreadsheets and great at
organizing I'm not what I am is I'm a
visual storyteller I will continue to
put videos up on this channel Yvette and
I will continue to post podcasts on how
married are you
and keep creating content for fathers
and mothers but we need time to build
this children's leg of what we do I'd
like to raise this money spend a good
six months to a year getting 26 to 52
episodes done with Frank puppet and
dropping them next summer
that's my idea that's what I have in
front of me and now all I need is your
help and your support okay so you can
donate in whatever way you can
preferably through patreon there is a
separate Kickstarter campaign that it's
happening that you can just donate to I
know a lot of you guys have young
children and a lot of young minority
children but this character is gonna be
directed more towards black in minority
kids okay there's a huge space on
YouTube for kids content very little of
it it's focused on black kids and that
is what I want to do and I'm not trying
to exclude anybody but my hope is to
give add value to the black community
into the minority community and to show
that yo like we have a character that is
focused on teaching us about things that
we not only we care about but basic
knowledge you know what I'm saying we
don't start with slavery as black
history you know what I mean we started
in Africa you know and so I want to kind
of discuss these things in a deeper way
but to children I got really inspired by
watching the mr. Rogers documentary
called won't you be my neighbor I think
it was brilliant and that really
inspired me and so at this point what I
really am asking for is your help
assistance your support now I know some
you guys are in college some of you guys
are you know kind of place where I like
I don't know I can give and that's okay
but I do feel like we will all benefit
from this and it's not gonna be me
working on it alone I may be doing the
voices and some of the writing but I
want to hire a puppeteer to do the
puppeteering and have everything kind of
taken care of in this space so if we can
get 75,000 that'd be amazing if we can
get 150 we can do even more than that
and so that's my hope to you if you
donate you get all types of Tears okay I
bought a shirt press so someone will be
here pressing shirts that go out to you
this is going to be one of the options
this is where I want belief in
fatherhood tool and eventually the kids
are going to be a little bit older and
maybe we want to start their own channel
and also I want to be free to create
things for all children you know and
maybe if this is something that you know
do later on down the line he loves doing
puppeteering or whatever he can you know
take this thing over and do the channel
I hope that inspires you I hope that I
don't know I'm just really passionate
about this aspect inspiring children is
something that I've kind of always
focused on and wanted as a kid but I
haven't really heard a lot of people
talking and directing their attention
toward the black community and so yes if
you ever thought about being a giver to
a campaign to belief and fatherhood of
supporting us and you're like man I
don't want to do the monthly thing I'd
like to just keep one time this is your
opportunity give one time now click the
link in the description please please or
in the comment section to see what all
the perks are about the music is gonna
be incredible so you guys know that I
rhyme I'll write well all the music is
incredible I promise you and for those
of you who miss me in that aspect of it
there will be a belief album short
album by January 1st for you guys to
bump for everybody that donates at $10
or more range some of you guys missed
the music and I'm happy to give that to
you as well feel like the world on my
shoulders that family
put your bottom dollar and my black
don't crack got a whole lot of problems
gonna sing to my kind I'm inspired I'm
excited I thank you so much for your
attention I thank you for getting us to
this point where we are now I think this
is an amazing opportunity and I'm just
glad that I get to create and you guys
can be a part of it hope that wasn't too
long thank you so much for watching
particular to keep your network popping
we'll see you next time peace
