okay awesome okay cool so if you could
sit still for me real quick hold this
for me hold this Oh hold that panel yes
can you please now what I'm gonna do it
ah don't touch it Wow I'm going to ask
you some questions okay first I need you
to tell me what you were thinking
because in this last episode things got
a little weird and you had a lot of
reactions to some things and I want to
know what you were thinking my flip cam
is right okay look look at this okay
guys okay tell me this why did you
scream right here look right here you
know like oh yes yeah why did you scream
okay peanut butter comes from peanuts
okay
peanuts not so you said from penis did
you think peanut butter comes from penis
it doesn't okay I need you to move that
thought out of your head right now
you can't have more can me I asked you
to leave your brother alone
what are you have a question what were
you thinking that's why an ancient alien
underwear no why did you try to run I
know well right did you really think you
were gonna get away one you died you
were gonna get away where were you gonna
go my mom your mom wasn't even home well
I don't know hi you were gonna go try to
hide from me congratulations arrival
you actually thought that you were going
to escape your father like I was not
going to do everything in my power to
trap you he ran away like Speedy
Gonzales he ran away like Sonic the
Hedgehog he ran away like the roadrunner
and I'm the coyote running into like a
painted brick wall from now on I'm gonna
have to sneak up on him because if he
knows I'm coming he's just gonna run
he's just going to take off I wish I
would have had some type of like
parenting belt where I could have pull
without some type of gadget slung around
his leg they didn't get caught up like a
whole episode of cartoon Batman I'm
literally astounded that he believes in
himself estimate that much that type of
confidence can't be taught it's only
something that's inside of your DNA and
feel the whole time just watching
and grinning at the end when I almost
felt I know that I'm going to have my
hands over the rest of my life with
feasting with vo playing mind games and
Uriah is being completely careless he
just doesn't care about what I say and
that is irritating as a father you know
then but it's funny and I just can't
deny that he is hilarious hard on him
but he doesn't care like like always
thinking it's a constant joke and he's
like in the middle of it and so when I
say right stop he goes see what this
tells me about my son is that he's
confident and he will avoid danger and I
wasn't insulted I wasn't I felt like it
was disrespect that he ran for me I felt
like it was he was protecting his life
and this was a Parent Trap he's so lucky
the table was in between us he it seemed
like he thought it out like he knew
where to go terrible twos and nothing
you're right I just turned three years
old his birthday was on the 27th of June
tomorrow we have his birthday card
terrible twos only compare you was
coming at three because three comes they
they start playing minding with your
rowdy being so intentional about what he
wants to do if you start playing mind
games with me I'm really going to be in
my feelings
did you see how in my feelings I was
when I had to chase him you know what
I'm saying like I really feel like a dad
and it's crazy when you start to realize
that you're not the kid anymore like
you're the dad you're the parent you are
the one that has to bear all the
responsibility I need you Ryder listen
to me the first time you know send me in
the first time listener that's what I
try to preach because when we're out in
these streets and he wants to take off
running or he wants to do something that
could harm him I need him to know that
my voice is key
you know and it's so similar how the
father wants us I mean like my father
tells us things and he gives us gems of
the Scriptures whatever community and he
needs us to be a first time listeners
and I am not always a first time listen
so I'm very much like your rivals
running dodging and trying to escape the
sight of my father but I know that he
sees me no escaping him so that's kind
of like my like lesson in all this but
your rival is a beautiful child with
awesome agility she don't upset and he
could take flight he got top speed
question of the day have your kids ever
taken off on you and what did you do
what did you do when you actually got to
be in your hands and if you don't have
kids where you the type of kids are run
were you the kid that all of a sudden
knew they had to break loose you don't
understand and really what did you think
you really thought you were going to get
away thank you guys so much for watching
particular I have to keep your network
property peace
