okay guys go ahead and walk all right
wait a minute hold on to my pockets
where are we going we are going to I
think jen has an open pack right right
and so we're going over there to drop
the kids off possess where the kids will
be while we're gone so today we're going
to leave okay and you guys are going to
be good boys
okay listen I want you to listen to
Shane and uncle Pat okay once you be
very good listeners okay now and I want
you to poop here okay you can poop here
yeah you can poop in our tea shop yes
and sleep you're gonna sleep here too
okay you come say goodnight to sister
orchid see you later sisters hey Rick
was he doing he's giving your pee good
job deal okay did you get mommy hugs
give me hug oh yeah I'll take a baby
well thank you love you guys bye thank
you brother love you too
so we just dropped the boys off now we
have to go pack and the next shot will
be us getting to the airport in the
morning
if you're unable to perform fuse
function please let us know that we have
to find you another seat as we leave the
game make sure your skis on as fast as
Batman insert the metal assistant to the
puzzle and adjust the straps that was
below inside across your lap surely
spinel just let stop the debugger
with
thank you what's wrong oh this is fancy
very modern it's a lot more good evening
Lind David Henry bars Wow what's the
view looking like dog
Wow Charles life right here Frank Elena
Michael right now who does that
Rock daddy Oh like this
that was really random somebody from the
concierge wife is Lipa father
that's pretty funny no it was mo so hi
mo you ever Glynn alright I'm not use I
I saw them why they use them when you
came here should be a really stupid way
sponsors father Lee is one of us
Oh
good morning yamas will be performing
here this morning for which of it that's
the social good okay
I kind of want to get it like talk to
someone who's more like an itinerary so
I can get applied open this room at 9:00
okay and we'll have people come in and
then you're going to do the first
performance I don't like a kickoff
afterwards everybody the most difficult
white/black dr. Carlin I appreciate you
gonna teach Italian I will cook up
remembers what about OMA under work when
there might be the anomaly was office
understood times are hard at this money
so he found time to go break and go he's
on the show and we came together spoke
back or somebody build a better and I
thought how do we get a case to be money
so I can make it right over here
I know I don't deserve everybody need
until you can't I got to build a way to
go to Reaper so I know you know I need
to grow honestly I could be done or even
doing even if you giving me another
women make the door promise let you try
they don't it is available I had a
little money but I had them on the bitch
so show me the way that goes wrong and
make some money for the house
overall affected ads for social good
events went well
Varian important
okay because they can't hear you I
thought it was yeah feel like I feel
like any devils focus
I even know my father and pushing like
this I should do like everybody they had
their own focus like something special I
feel like we can do it I could do a
better job specializing so yeah it was
good now we'll hold our way back home
for nap
Oh
I don't need a nap we're really on our
way back up and charges one leg and
we're next like so
all right
so what you want
yo we made a pit stop you know saying
came to kick it with my brother and
today and we are any studio right now he
loved the opportunity to say my full
Latino name I'm gonna Andres United Stan
should look so I'm in here um his wife
is cooking what it Wizards cooking we'll
give him a real New York meal okay okay
shout out to the Puerto Rican Day Parade
okay so we got she led us to let that
freak out saute not fried sauteed we
have arrows on our Beach Wella
rice and beans yep blocking on my
noodles right and a little wine and what
else
some salad you don't keep it healthy
yeah yeah you know it in there just we
can easily go down and out there you go
yeah and so tell me about this record
collection right here because I see this
is a collection but a lot of you don'ts
are still in the plastic although
although um I recently acquired a lot of
tribe stuff that I used to have why this
is but they opened this is not open okay
okay so this is fine see this is
laughing yeah hello you want to say hi
you want to say hi right here this is a
record you know what this is Wow
this is charcoal quest your molarity is
your on point on these young people say
all the time daddy yeah okay so this is
why in my least favorite ride loudly
and I'll but I gotta have it on fine
have it OCD have all of these on see and
since it is my favorite room
I just showcasing here there's one
favored group as well I love my wife my
kids and that's the bottom line
zombie speaker super city in my mind if
they do double back is then I was no big
prize but I rather piss you off on your
side okay so you got the DJ official
right here RIT DJ officials yeah man our
friend yeah I had so I had this and then
when he passed I had to get it again
what I don't want to run from the people
tell me that much less of life anybody
with any money would be like never live
I do not like them Sam I you do not like
them so you say try them try them and
you may try them and you may I say Sam
if you will let me be I will try them I
got a record you I'm sorry I'm good okay
one thing I also focus on local life
people like what I was a higher school
are totally I remember you really like
for I'm going to find I am not even
looking now we are much less my life
with oh yeah yeah oh my god I remember
eating a bit like also a special
realizing that they really chapter yeah
and then it's like every time we rap
yeah Parker music's we're so real clear
after reading a little more getting an
apartment is not much far away up later
on but world it feels like what bauxite
is like what advice would you give to
your 15 or your 18 year old self plate
what 1 quart I wouldn't give advice I'd
ask questions and so one of the
questions I'd ask is what is it going to
take to activate you you know saying
like what is it like who's gonna have to
die with disease you're gonna have to
get for you to like activate yourself
you know because life will activate you
if you don't accidentally come something
that is activated then you happen to
life otherwise life is happening to you
and you're taking it you know but when
you know who you are
everything kind of changes Susie at
Paula's spot
you got to do it and no reason y'all
want to hit this project or what
