okay so today we are leaving the house
courtesy of Carlene to move back to
Washington state now she's in Seattle to
pursue music and modeling or just music
oh okay so that's partly I'll insert
some of her music right here
it feels good to be here though I'm like
I can't believe I had it for three and a
half years did I really take advantage
of it you often ask to come back yeah I
love it here this school all together
why was your experience like here was
really good um it was um it's funny
because I know this isn't like a major
part of my experience but it kind of is
but I'd say like my entire life I kind
of remember being a minority you know
like in the classes I took in high
school
I often it was like the only person of
color or among very few and coming here
was a huge culture shock this is a place
where there weren't very many black
people and we all knew who each other
were and I would get girls in my Hall to
tell me things like you're the first
black friend I've ever had and I've had
to deal with people calling me like
Oprah or Whoopi Goldberg or you know
like they think of the black people they
know and that's a nickname I got which I
didn't really take offense to it too
badly yeah but it was just kind of a
huge culture shop for me but at the same
time I kind of feel like this is another
place where like my walk with Christ
got to be solidified yeah it's a
Christian campus and so it's already
facilitating like you know encouraging
us to be a relationship with the Lord
but
I was kind of on my own I mean I'm my
parents for 45 minutes out
I mean North yeah but I don't know I
feel like I grew up here so you say you
wouldn't used to being in minority right
but here you were even you like
minorities minority yeah who like you're
used to like being the only black person
in our classes and so like that but here
was kind of like oh you guys have never
experienced black ass eating together
you know what I'm saying like so you
haven't even eaten with a black person
your whole life
yeah that's pretty sure was it hard
going to school here not at all really
because you're a smart person or because
you actually I remember you telling you
like being a student loved even like
when you started teaching that always
happens to me I look at them with envy I
look at my students within me like watch
I'd rather be sitting where you are it's
less work like you get to do the work
you get to like soak up the information
and all you are responsible for is your
own work you know versus a teacher has
to facilitate the learning of so many
different people which I don't mind I
enjoy that as well but I just think that
we should all be able to appreciate
being a student like I consider myself a
lifelong learner
yeah and so I don't know
I like learning I being informed of
topics that are interesting to me yeah
we have like favorite people on campus
mr. Glenn he was we worked for campus
security but he was kind of like the dad
away from home
I've done a horrible job of keeping in
touch with him but he would be able like
I remember a couple of times about to
cry but I remember like walking through
campus and he could like I'd be smiling
like I don't think I was necessarily
like looking depressed but he could tell
and he just had a descendant so do you
want to see admitted mr. glennister here
sure that's a long walk to see if mr.
Benton you want to walk or you want to I
don't blame ya pleasantries Glenn I do
remember him yeah thank you haven't seen
you on Facebook patty yeah you're one of
the ghosts Facebook yeah I'm gonna be go
Nicole I'll never put anything up but it
was amazing stuff that you learned give
them rain I think like a good trip for
our kids you got a do it it's a mess
and so then what's a saml vellum and we
celebrated with Jesse Jackson John Lewis
all the dignitaries and Congress was
there we did the bridge crossing in a
creek and no 70,000 people march across
the Edmund Pettus Bridge go over it was
a beautiful book when it's at Brown
Chapel where one of the things folk is
so beautiful and we ended up in
Tennessee Aquarium I'll tell where he
died that for seven days there was
crying tonight everybody contributed
hanging with people they saw Slade Trey
what really liked pictures one thing
I've learned while being married is that
you never finished getting to know the
one you're with there's always something
more to be discovered today we visited
the best alma mater she told me stories
about friends places she would go event
she was a part of you know just shared
regularly then she told me about mr.
Glenn a man she never told me about
before he wasn't related to her I wasn't
a father brother uncle he was just a man
mr. Glenn represents someone in all of
our lockers he's not our Father but he's
a father figure someone in our life that
holds the position for father this
reminds me of the many mr. Glendon my
life and I look back on my life I see
these placeholders that would often give
me guidance when I need to speak to me
in truth and love so we celebrate the
mr. grant the father figures with no
actual relation to us but they do take
it as a responsibility to help us grow
mr. Glenn's in my life dr. Marcus Carson
wish to hell while spoke about before
Master Sergeant Michael Cole's major
William Smith sergeant major vine and
about a hundred other men to them I say
thank you and happy Father's Day this
Sunday is Father's Day many of us would
be celebrating the men in our lives our
fathers but if you were fortunate enough
not to have a father but to have a
father figure
celebrate them happy Father's Day
it's not damaged it's an individual you
should be pumping away though
babe I do not have a top with me
what else is very responsible si use a
bug bomb
and I use extreme the link his daughter
