Franco needs to get ready for TV I think
that what is called tonight
it's it's not like a Muslim and in
return anything else oh yeah it smells
like
oh look
he did blabbin little seal and ate a
full hot dog
he can have to you actually he's the one
that suggested to do so he comes to me
tell me finish it I don't see a hot dog
one place naturally opposition those
runners place feel is very much so
concerned about Ryan getting achievement
he comes over here is from the
conscience says money Ryan if I wanted
hot dog and if she doesn't want to talk
even a top dog you're looking at Cheetos
right cam said right writer walked over
to the trash man opens it up pulls out a
hot dog
I'm going to you because I don't know
right I said right back door haha did
you say they're hot by the way
he said yellow this is brother
and you one engine and and you got
Cheetos and responses Buford aprender
slash live
I'm so disappointed in you
first of all first of all stop acting
homeless and put that back okay we don't
dig in the trash can even if it's to get
proof okay we don't dig in the trash can
liner okay you sir have lied and that is
not good
I want you to go upstairs which for the
diaper I stopped you to go to sleep now
yeah you got to say sorry - mommy buddy
he didn't mean that bullcrap he's the
very youngest and he it so he apologized
when lying left I didn't say anything
about it what do you think is the cause
of that because I feel like
that's pretty intelligent
I think it still to left it down
relax I only mentally
so we had to take a trip up to the LA
area to do a show with juice TV so I'm
happy we got the car back in time
somebody get snitched on me hey what's
going on in
also Leslie performing with juice BB
tonight okay sure
contact Daisy right there cool hi Daisy
okay thank you
moans I'm in the manager eat him with
the baby I love the kids putting in
practice putting in work practice yeah
whoever Hey
any anybody should get it at this point
anybody could get it at this point all
right we are here hey what's going on
man
good to see you bro how you doing my man
what's up man Vicky bro
all right pleasure miss it
people take it out chip we go figure it
out my mama said to be days like this
mama say I gotta make a way you got to
know where your crayon or wait a minute
when I bow my head do I say it like this
hey like she is like a box of chocolates
you never know what you're going to get
but I've done some things and then I had
regrets I mean they say I'm less but
well I see it manifest times are hard
this money's low geez now's a good time
to come Breck to go that needs on the
flow they might have together both eyes
are closed nobody's doing it better and
now father up in heaven hallowed be your
name
can you send me money so I can make a
rain over here I know I don't deserve a
run and even a kid I gotta know the way
to go to reach son you know I need to
grow and honestly I really got a place
to go and even if you giving me another
way to make the door promise you a chair
to write another dissipater but I had a
little money but I had the motivation
though so we go try to make some money
house now dance all my life's about job
is scared to check my bank account and
then when wait you're not lucky we'll
make it out
stay with me we don't make it out shall
we go make it up check we will make it
out and we gonna get out we gonna make
it out to be all again we all make it
out to me over you I only have over 3000
subscribers on YouTube and then also on
Instagram ultimately you know you were
passionate about fatherhood yeah
and helping those fathers and what do
you hope to see as the impact and just
Wilton Utley the encouragement that you
want others to get out of these videos
you notice a lot it's a lot of reasons
why this is the best thing for me to be
doing one because obviously I'm a black
father and the stigma is like black
fathers aren't around in the media you
know what I'm saying so I just wanted to
like demystify that whole thing right
there and then also I wanted to like
just kind of show people like what it's
like to be present you know and so the
tagline is be present in lecture
presidents be a gift you know it kind of
mirrors how the father is always present
for us and all we have to do is go to
them you know what I'm saying and so I'm
just in this place right now just kind
of soaking it all up and trying to be
you know best person for my time and for
my family and it's kind of where I'm at
right now so I started making these
videos about like what really happens
you know and so I showed the real look
at what it's like I mean you're talking
the poop to throw up everything what I'm
saying
you get the real deal in and you just
watch it in you can basically what it is
is people don't really know what it's
like to be a parent until you're there
you know and then you get there you're
like oh man I didn't know expect this
but when you see someone going through
it you realize that oh I can do this
it's not as hard as I thought so it's
not that I'm trying to be the example
but I'm more trying to just be the proof
that it's possible for anybody else yeah
we all back in the car as a family
resting a person less than I have seen
yeah
