yo you're watching belief or fatherhood
my name is belief this video has a
little bit of a backstory so I'm go
ahead and give that to you real quick
about two months ago
Theo's tooth was loose and Eve had
noticed it she reacted to it my theory
is that when a child loses their teeth
or starting to lose their teeth there's
like the first sign if they're like
growing up growing up and it is the
closest thing to like puberty before
puberty you know what I'm saying like
like a young child notices that they're
growing up and they start to say and do
things that is beyond what they normally
do and that's just my theory I'll check
back in with you guys at the end of the
video but enjoy this how do you know his
tooth is loose how do you touch any
scent in to proceed how'd you touch it
while you sit in the front seat this
can't happen
what shape is this that's terrified no
no you're not
you just pull it up I think what's
interesting is like I don't I've never
had a conversation with him about his
tooth fall out have you yeah so Theo
definitely is the different type of kid
he's he's been having a lot of troubles
lately and I don't think he's been
having troubles I think I've been having
troubles with him but it's been a lot of
stuff going on behind the scenes I've
been trying to piece together actual
stories for the vlog that I try to like
put it together but these stories have
been so different so was the water story
where CL came to me and said hey you
know I've spent enough time with the
family it's a whole nother story where
Theo you know he has a bully like that's
hard to deal with and then this whole
tooth thing and then like I think
because of the bully he's been starting
instead of trying to stand up for
himself in the home you know the other
day you know he called me stupid three
times to my face and I had this like
moment of like man I didn't really know
how to handle it because I was like man
I'm try not to spank this kid like I'm
trying not to hurt him physically when
he does something that but you know like
it wasn't just like stupid and I don't
know the meaning of the word like he
called me stupid three times and he was
like he said you're stupid cuz we were
play fine he got hurt you're stupid I
said Theo don't call me that
that is so mean like woo taught you how
to say that I said don't do that stupid
and I looked at him like Oh like you
really don't have any care about like
how I feel I said feel that it's not
nice I want to tell your mom we should
come play here we're gonna have
discussion about it stupid stick sister
now
and then like I was like sitting there
like trying to compose myself because I
was like man I really want to like I
don't know that I wanted to do something
that was kind of like oh I didn't really
understand the plate or what I was
saying but now I understand the weight
because I feel like this yo real quick
before we move on to this next part of
the video I want to let you know that
this was a very ashy morning in the
Henry household we were not planning on
recording anything but the conversation
was just so like crazy that I was like
man I have to film and it was all that
she okay why did you call me stupid so
this is what happened you almost
I was flipping over so we were play
fighting I told you I didn't want to
play fight you kept fighting all right
you have my arm and I try to let you go
you hit your head yes and then you call
me stupid
yeah now what does stupid mean
okay so he said it I think it means you
don't understand
okay that's pretty close so what didn't
I understand by letting you go Oh cry
what cry no you didn't understand that I
told you to stop so you kept playing so
am i stupid
no well stupid well bango-ru
whoa somebody if there's a stupid
spectrum and we're both on the stupid
special and stupid means you don't
understand something which is not it's
pretty accurate
you're stupid means you don't understand
something how did your stupid means you
don't understand something and you kept
playing with me when I told you to stop
who's stupid
and
me
so do you know it's the good means you
don't understand
stupid means that you lack intelligence
or you're not smart or that you are you
just don't get it you know I'm saying
and so when you call someone stupid it's
a very mean thing to say and you call
these stupid three times now you heard
stupid you heard that word in parkour
there's someone means say it just so you
want to be mean to me do you want me to
be mean to you
so why did you use that word to me if
you knew was mean
okay used to do so my mom keeps saying
bad words and so people are driving on
the road and dad is it talking right my
mom and Aniyah yeah shiny nurse mom is
trying to nurse I know yeah
what is happening why aren't I bringing
me brought I was outside yeah I'm not
gonna lie you may have heard me say that
word and what I think I have say that
worried about you that's why we he said
that grows like oh thank god tails
stupid is not a good word stupid is a
bad word money shouldn't saying you
shouldn't say it dad shouldn't say it no
one should say that word it's not nice
okay okay you're right cause you
definitely don't need to say it you you
understand yeah but you're totally
centered an echo clear night father
so he caught him
Thank You Gordon light so I caught him
oh you know I'm sorry you heard mommy
say that word about words not nice and
you shouldn't say it
I say it because I was upset
if you heard me say it when I was in the
car somebody probably cut me off or did
something not smart and instead of
saying stupid I should have said that
wasn't very smart if you do please don't
do that again
so you shouldn't know what happened what
it's gonna cut you off hey I waited back
in here what a mail order dinner
here's wait do you say stupid when you
are out there I don't know know why when
someone Carter offered talking then he
just shared walk away
I should've walked away actually drove
away and not said anything to them
sooner
okay so the same thing with you and your
dad you should not have sudden you
should not have called your dad stupid
look at your dad what should you say
okay look at him look at him is it
summer day I just said it one time you
know it's ugly the party I mean for me
you had to see the confidence like it
was so disrespectful
he said you're stupid and then I said D
right is not nice don't say that to me
you're stupid stupid
and I'm gonna fight I said you gotta go
to your room I said I can't decide
whether I said I want to tell your mom
and you spent forever this is like right
after you left
he's been forever out there because I
don't know one thing I don't want him to
be fearful yeah but I also don't want
him to feel like he didn't get away with
anything and that he doesn't know was no
good results you know okay so this
despite this morning's issues
okay wait this despite this morning's
issues I'm gonna go ahead and take the
boys
I'm going to take the boys to this
concert with all the homies my friends
are performing up in LA so we're gonna
go up in LA I see a concert you guys
excited
hey you only call me when you're nice up
when you want a little free some that's
not what friends do all right
who are you you know I was big boy yeah
so final thoughts I just was kind of at
a loss for words I was so angry and
upset and eventually you know like we
talked and I I forgave him and you know
he apologized again but I was really
upset and hurt and kind of like dang man
like I'm really getting pumped by my kid
like I don't want to be that dad that
gets pumped by his kid came in you know
he's to celebrate with them but I kind
of want him to understand grace of
course I want him to understand grace in
mercy but also him to understand
self-control so I just was kind of at a
loss and so this was as a parenting elf
for me and this story took place but I'm
curious to know like have you ever
called your parents stupid to their face
and if you had what would have happened
like what what would have happened if
you've been like yeah you're stupid like
it maybe feels too young to have an
actual like physical relation but like a
14 year old or something like that call
you stupid like like I don't know guys
but so when this video drops it'll be
October 19th and that is the official
anniversary or birthday of belief and
fatherhood so on Saturday the 20th I'm
dropping a special episode talking about
the future of belief in fatherhood and
we're actually gonna celebrate oh my
gosh
Anaya is up and she pooped and that's
why she woke up you wanna see pop oh
yeah
oh yeah and so on the 20 if we're
droppin a special anniversary episode of
belief of fatherhood talking about the
future I believe a fatherhood 3 years
we've been doing is 120 thousand
subscribers I'm glad that you are on the
journey you have become a part of our
tribe and I hope you guys will continue
to rock with this as we move forward
with our mission to equip fathers give
hope to mothers and inspire children
okay all right protect your life keep
your network popping thank you guys so
much for watching see you next time
peace say bye bye
this is your moment all right peace
get this wrong no one's perfect just
we all shine
