hey what's going on guys it's a favorite
father figure here believe from belief
in fatherhood I'm here to ask one
question only in is is this crap good
for parents you know one thing I want to
start doing is looking at things from a
parent's perspective and just in case if
you didn't know as adults you have to
deal with a bunch of different types of
cases we have to deal with basket cases
court cases cases of beer stair cases
suitcases nut cases a mild case of the
flu and just in case you forgot
smartphone case light crew has Sydney
their new case to review hmm but the
only question I really care about is
this crap good for parents and licenses
are coming out it's basically designed
to take care of your phone and protect
it from all different type of life
situation but before I build my case let
me go in put this case together
here's my iPhone 6s this is everything I
got with the case here you're the back
you get a front you scratch the sector
cool sticker I'll stick right here a
little wipe to clean the screen
instructions and also this piece right
here that connects your headphone jack
which is really important every
lifeproof case close that this little
not smart phone this isn't going to be
able to show you if your phone can be
exposed to water by using the case but I
don't have time for that because I'm a
parent okay the first thing I want to do
is I want to go in and put the case on
so we take the case you put it facedown
stick the phone in make sure you have
this little thing right here attached
this is going to be what plugs the
headphone jack then you place the back
on you're going to snap each side in
each corner in snap on the sides now
this case is really really really hard
to get off okay this case is designed to
stay on your phone basically all the
time it's for like a light proof case
now in order to get the phone off you
just want to take a coin I like to use a
nickel you unscrew the headphone jack or
you can keep it on over the next map
make sure that this clip here is undone
and you just hit it twist one time and
you just pry it apart just like that
then after that you want to wipe the
screen down make sure it's all clear
there no pieces of dust go to lint
fabric or anything like that is on the
case put the screen protector okay
assembly is really easy all you want to
do is you want to start with the B side
pointed up a side down take the a side
and you pull it back to expose the part
that's supposed to go on the screen and
you want to line that up right there and
you stick it on you just want to press
it up against the screen as you can see
so on there pretty smug before you
forgot about the air bubbles or anything
like that take the B side off you got
that nice smooth touch right there
the screen looks pretty good it looks
like nothing even on there got a little
air bubble here and I could just push
that out now the different part about
this case is that it's like air tight so
nothing can really fit in you like after
everything snap in here it's not coming
off and even so much that they have this
headphone jack it's an extension if you
have an headphone jack that's not the
iPhone headphone jack it screws in and
you just attach whatever headphones you
have here now of course you can just
attach the headphones to the end right
here and that's all good and well this
is really irrelevant if you have the
iPhone 7 what's cool about this is that
the iPhone headphone jack is actually
meant to stick inside there okay you can
still use this this way that's basically
all I need to do to with some of this
case alright as a parent I'm still
concerned is that this is going to be
the best case for me now if you watch my
youtube channel for any set of time you
know that kids steal things they take
your phone you may have to save their
life it's a bunch of things that can
happen where you would need to actually
go into the water or something like that
could save your child well if some of
you guys know one of the ladies videos I
put out call your okay I had to actually
go into the ocean to save my son's life
because a wave chocolate I didn't have
time to make sure my phone was oh I just
with my phone I grabbed him out of the
ocean this case would have been best in
that situation but the question is does
it stand up to someone who is truly full
of life so for that question I have to
bring in the only experts on life I know
my son's
okay these two guys this is stealing
your I of their two thirds they are two
thirds of the chocolate baby and they
are going to be putting this iPhone to
the test
thank you okay you hold on to the phone
yeah I want you to put the phone in the
water are you thirsty
okay press the button it still works
next test fan so what I want you to do
now is cover the whole phone in sand
where's the phone
oh when I see if it still works
now press the button did you still work
there was only one of the tests to do
after we tested the lifeproof nuud case
on the water and the dirt we had to try
the drop test I gave my iphone to my
kids totally secure lifeproof case make
a textbook if you guys enjoyed this
video please hit that like and subscribe
button and if you're interested in
getting the lifeproof case or any other
case for that matter check out the link
in my description where Best Buy has up
the physics and often select phone case
if you have one of these cases or you
look in the good one talk to me on
Twitter use the hashtag protect your
lifeproof and I'll randomly select
someone to win the $25 Best Buy gift
card
I John so next time protect your life
and keep your normal copy
