what happened oh my god okay okay okay
what happened buddy go ahead and uh that
a structured bathwater mistakes happen
it is what it is I guess the bad news is
that not one piece of bedding is dry
that type value
what happened now I'm talking about you
throughout what happened
I know but how are you feeling does your
stomach hurt how does your stomach feel
now better the way you're scared then
you threw up you were scared you ready
to go back to sleep
so buddy we gotta get your London papers
make you spit up on them yeah you don't
have them because you spit up on the way
they have to get washed now right
rice colors are down there because you
didn't spit up on it I can find you some
different colors oh okay good yeah
I know some of y'all like man I was not
expecting to see that that some girls
why when you blur that out I said I
blurt out for you well not then God
don't blur it out for me
I got to see it real time I got to touch
it I got a B all the father I have to be
involved in it it's uh you know it's
real life man you know us a lot of throw
up is a lot of poo it's a lot of
frustrating situations that happen and
things we can't control this out of our
control but when it comes to us you
handle it
just like life okay okay say I'm going
to be okay
okay all right I'm going to great just
some of these oil um you want to put
some pajamas on us or sort
Oh what are you doing
P alright goodnight okay I love you so
unfortunate so so should I stole my
cards and y'all here I hope you'll think
real in this auto body shop hope that
every drift is exactly where my car is
we're going to go take a look at it she
was popping the person that stole my car
today I hope you instantly develop Metro
brain and get caught and the stare down
at a light forget you can't fight and so
the person that stole my car today I
hope it breaks down on you right in for
so late I hope you happen to see you Joe
cheating on you while you notice the
point of entry up here on the top left
corner oh wow so right up here on the
top usually fine somewhere where they
pry the door open and so the door was
pried open perfect so my wife left the
keys in the car but he cracked open the
door I thought I may have left the door
unlocked but he actually jammed itself
in there it looks like you pried there's
pry marks on I'm Wow awesome so that I
feel like less of an idiot okay that
happens with Donna don't beat yourself
up on it like it's I don't know why I'm
excited but I didn't leave the car door
open it was actually broken into so
that's that's good news so I do have
something that wasn't damaged but I
would like to get fixed I don't know so
I don't know if you guys feel like we
have to stay crazy expensive oh really
yeah
um how it is I got like I can have the
traffic oh yeah for you I work only for
progressive insurance so I can all cover
the body shop yeah
you order Chinese food and getting a
fortune cookie I hope your little
brother just caught why he playing hooky
I hope it burn when you pee they can
clap I hope you don't go how do we just
get rid of everything is that cool yep I
like this oh there's nothing in here
value to me you know I'm saying well no
I'm on every time you see I just I have
to walk that line thank you you know I
have to say that obviously ever the
issue would be it sounds like the
concern is more of the detail side than
the repair side at least for me yeah
well I mean where the hell has to get oh
sure yeah like the only get done make it
look like nothing happened okay that's
the idea on the detail side they will
detail it to the best that they can get
it all cleaned out okay
and so winnings is like okay we're going
to start working on this thing ASAP we
have to send it to the adjuster for you
for all the iodine we could walk this
way what time for a wise what are you
thinking for them to give an ether so
then they get an answer us to get the
car back for them to get an answer in
the air to even get the car back
probably like a weakness so originally
when the car got stolen I didn't know it
was going to be this big of an ordeal I
thought that we would give the car
finish I thought the car would be found
we go to the insurance company they
would fix it we would pay then and then
we get the car back right away but it
seeming like the most annoying part of
this whole ordeal is the amount of time
everything else is taking so we're still
looking at like another week before we
get our car back
so right now like no I think the best
way for us to do is to take the GoFundMe
money and purchase another car if we
can't and so we'll see what happens all
right all right so the car Chronicle
continues and we'll see how the rest of
this story ends
god is good man I'm glad that you know
this stuff isn't really come out of our
pocket you guys pitched in to help us
with this I didn't know this process is
going to take so long it is a little
frustrating
our rental is actually up and we have to
kind of figure out what we're going to
do our next move and so I'm thinking
we're going to go to the dealership and
see what kind of call we can get so yeah
