okay so before we get started with
today's mail time I want to thank
everybody all the producers for
submitting into our little contest I
sent all the beats that you guys sent me
out to the patron team and some people
on Twitter and we had basically everyone
vote and the winner is mr. Fitz and here
is his mail time thank you
you've got me you've got mail you've got
me you've got you've got you've got
there you've got mail you've got this
right here is from Simone Smith don't
touch this this is a very beautiful card
it's very sharp buddy now let's let's
read it you never know how much of an
impact you guys make every time I watch
a video I'm excited to see how God works
in you all if you don't have nothing you
have something which is Jesus I see that
fire and you guys tell your riah feel
and Aniyah I said hello she said hello
say hi right there
say hi thank you so much Simone I
appreciate you for your lovely letter
and your card thank you so much
Theo here's another letter thank you
belief man I really want to express my
gratitude for what I can't read it
I think it's Kieran I don't know if
that's a male or female thank you so
much these two letters of you know I
really appreciate these letters this is
like getting physical comments and so
when you guys send us letters what that
tells us is that you take the time to
actually hand write I don't know how
much you care and how much you
appreciate what we do and that means a
lot to me glad that I'm an encouragement
for some of you guys and I'm glad that
some of you guys look forward to what we
do we're just parents just trying we
mess up a whole lot and it definitely is
hard you know like letting you guys in
but at the same time I know that it's
just meeting the needs of others so I
really appreciate you guys are sending
us these handwritten letters but we got
neck this one alright you won't open
this one first this one I had to open
slightly this is for my brother drew
pecs and his wife Alana hey guys we just
wanted to send love from Canada and
congratulate you on the birth of an ayah
so they got an idea super to bless and
they got an ayah also this one V and
that means six love that's for the
Toronto people out there Dennis Alana
and Eva that's drew back to my hotel
transylvania no not that dinner oh I
think this is some Best Buy this right
here is a iPhone lifeproof case it's a
phone case yeah you want that yeah this
is for me to help me against you so this
is a lifeproof case okay so this case is
waterproof children proof it's a pretty
awesome case so I'm going to try to put
this on immediately because as you know
I just ruined my phone
saving your Ryan's life and of course
it's like it's more important than the
phone but I like to have both okay next
one next one next one next one all right
here we go this right here is father
figure father figure sent this these are
look at that the material is so soft
thank you so much Andrew Andrew Bentley
I'm a part of a huge squad of like these
dad and mommy bloggers who really don't
play around you know saying if you
really take care of each other we really
look out for each other so I'm glad to
be a part of that community and Andrew
Bentley is a part of that community I
my dad 2.0 summit he's awesome guy and
these are his shirts and so I'm gonna be
rocking it this weekend and what I like
about it that is no logos on it or
anything like that you know what I'm
saying
these are here burping cloths for dad
they're like little bandanas not like a
little father figure tag on excuse my
cuticles so now for the big box ready
we're gonna open a big box and this
right here is from baby bjorn i let's
see what it is look at this so it's back
up look II almost couple look this right
here is a traveling thing for the baby
look look at the case it comes in this
is not a paid advertisement by the way
this lifeproof case that's a paid
advertisement Wow look how soft this is
feel that yes for your sister to sleep
on it yeah and so let's see if we can
assemble this real quick no shorty hold
on hold on hold on no no maybe Ron is a
company that sells baby products but
it's focused towards men I think it's a
Swedish company the owner of the company
is a father look at this look how easy
this is the set of bold bold bold and
it's set up already
it's the perfect baby cage you want to
put your baby in jail just go like this
cook it and he'll never be able to get
out he'll never be able to get out this
is purchase well you're right both
okay this has been another male time
exclusive chocolate baby say peace
