so this morning we woke up to a phone
call that said they found our car did
you guys so you just found the guy at
the car but not the guy yeah okay when
you get it back you might have to uh I'd
recommend a club or something since you
have your other best cheapest thing to
do is that you have the other key
outstanding so okay okay thank you so
much it's interesting that they found
our car today because we had two weeks
before the insurance company counted in
a loss and today is exactly two weeks
we're going to the place that told our
car because they found it somewhere and
we're going to see what type of
condition the car is in if the car is in
bad condition then they pick up the car
and they have to get it all fixed and
look at and assess all the damage the
car is in good condition then we get to
bring it home we get to get a detailed
and all that stuff either way we have to
pay the deductible which is five hundred
bucks we have to pay for the car to get
out of the towing and we have to get it
Ricky which is five hundred bucks as
well tours company doesn't hold on the
insurance company does not cover that
you know your person while it is done
and I hope that person I did not like
the first SNR towing yeah there's
something I'm here to pick up please
look at our car got stolen and come here
over you if I need our Xterra okay
alright it took off the license plate is
that it yeah
joy Nissan Xterra guys in the yard what
I kind of just want to warn you guys had
uh I had a hard time like not cursing in
this episode so you don't need to put
earmuffs on the kids but I've really had
a hard time I'm not using profane what
they put on people steal the car drive
them around
I maintain look what is this yeah so
maybe a lot of people feel the cars and
then treat them like they're they're
supposed to inherited any property to
lock the end of the car well I mean
that's I mean the property what was in
here was way more than yeah probably a
couple months back we had somebody
rather started this month later there's
about four grand in details in the back
they really this up it's a cart when the
heck is going on it could be a dead body
in here man what is this laundry this is
gross
although the standard procedure is but
I'm going to look at this see see if it
starts
Jack don't forget
could've put the bag on gas in there
to resist arrest
and we're trying to sell it
what do you need for me how much is you
know what he picked it up from that
information that we used to give it out
put a couple years back some guy went
down to which way my server those guys
went down to the address it is found
that not going to guys door the crap out
of the guy you reported the car in turn
encourages 225 dollars well that's not
that bad a they ask our car up it is
gross
it looked like he lived in their
strollers car seats gone yes
strollers car seats con the stereo is
gone it looks like he was trying to
auction an office awesome paperwork in
there can I go look at it
sure he does really upset I'm sad I was
like it's like it's like I don't know I
feel like you worked hard for that hard
for it it paid off and for my pain in
there and literally like I don't even
know why they're trying to rip out the
seat as a car Cesario and it's just
living in it all their stuff is in there
I don't understand how it's like laundry
in the ball I know as I'm saying they
should be able to go through that says
he loves personal I don't know about
this information I'm probably technical
then everybody is still intact she's a
hungry disc his channel
