water one of love
maybe you're gonna lay back lay down lay
down
yes very uncomfortable
yes I face
I love your hair
but how you love burgers oh I love it
how it is
short long I like your hair just like an
injury I like you just how you are I
love your chocolate skin
black your from black culture you are a
black boy well you can call you
chocolate babies I'm not a black deploy
them and growl okay you're brown I'm
sorry you're not black you're a brown
okay well we are we're from black
culture I know are you getting wet under
there yeah yeah what are you scared of
I'm just asking about your you know how
we will be ready put your hand down
please I wanted to ask you because I'm
curious remember last week when we're at
parkour and we both were gonna jump yeah
and you were scared to jump in so was I
yeah I just was curious where are your
fears what are the things you're scared
of well you told me we had the concert
our fear conquer our fear
and what
what does what does conquer your fear me
yeah you're scared
what do you got to do if you're scared
well I was scared but now I can survive
you ever scared and you deny this why
why do we have to conquer our fears well
because you told me you're scared
do you know what's on the other side of
fear after fear you get freedom so after
you do something that you're scared to
do and you do it and you conquer your
fear you're no longer scared anymore
after you do something that you're
scared to do and you copy your fear yeah
you're no longer scared anymore so you
get freedom what are you not scared of
to jump off the high wall yeah just not
jumping in bed in the hot pool I did it
I'm not shocked here and it's beside
honest he tried on a wig like run three
side on one side on auto 4 times on
piece on piece on pizza
nothing good yeah peace I'm fine
I'm side P side by side back what are
you talking about what does it mean to
be free
nothing can stop you yeah you're free
nothing can hold you back you just free
selling very try to stop me like a new
way ooh there's me kids who has a
brother and there are two brothers where
well they were fine before so the bacon
is for the bacon is fired in my that's
market it's in pain
who's the kid yes the pig is four five
the one king where the kids at but I
haven't seen them before
what was what's their names cutie and
for Johnny and for no his name is 30
journey of these real people or make
believe their kid his his brother keeps
pushing me when and then and then he
puts him away he puts him a timeout
whoo oh my gosh coach oh you took my
parkour yeah he's being super beat you
know I supposed to let people be mean to
your heart so he did that because he's
bit he played ball
there was this whole mommy took you last
time yeah at least you do your husband
yeah
do you have bullets right that's what he
just said no well then oh I'm sorry
now they're off anything now no not yet
two kids in his parkour class they're
mean to you yeah what kids are those he
said when I took him but I don't let me
take him for a long time it was rigged
it was very just pushing they were
pushing you
yeah if brother was pushing me I don't
when when when he sure does what to do
don't do that this I guess the teacher
put him in timeout
yeah
yeah remember we're gonna be done this
is gonna take a while but is it gonna be
dry off yeah really you're gonna let it
all dry out gonna come on I'm letting
all the water out right now what get out
yeah I like this little shampoo pillow
because the water just empties out from
this tube from the bottom of it and it
just goes all the way down and see this
receptacle which is really cool and you
just got a camera's don't talk I know
what is people watching
now I know I'm not the best person to be
doing field hair but but as I've said in
previous videos this gives me an
opportunity to spend quality time and
have my son's ears and not only do I
have is here but he has my attention you
can talk about the things that's on his
mind and I could react to them in real
time now we talk about fear a lot
because it steals learning to interact
with other kids he may be introduced to
different emotions that he's not used to
if here's one of them today we talked
about a little concept that I came up
with writing a spot on the other side of
fear is freedom all right silly face let
me see not bad I mean I'm not the best
at it but this will do let's go ahead
and put your laptop going now some of
you may be parents as some of you may
not be parents but I'm curious what
would you do if your child - told you
that they had someone that was picking
on them this is the first time we really
dealt with this issue and I'm just
curious how other parents and would-be
parents would deal with this thank you
guys so much for watching particular
Kiba Network pop in peace
