new season I think loving them well
right I think we're in a season of
learning your stance I think a lot of
people it's interesting a lot of people
will talk to us you know we've got six
kids and we're in our early forties so
even we need our keiki Wireless no
you're not it really you know but I
think we're constantly learning we're
constantly moving into new seasons and
the new season were moving into is we
were loving I think what you said was
awesome we were we were loving her as a
small child learning her and I just
think it's so awesome you know like
God's learned me and as a good dad like
I want to learn my kid but you know they
grow and they change and so you're
constantly having to retool this whole
deal and so just even taking her up and
seeing her in these settings and having
to maintain like she's still my kid I
know her I've learned her but the
application of who I know her to be
looks different at 18 standing on a
college campus and dealing with those
things how I'm having to learn how do I
continue to love her and I think that's
the shift in the season I for 18 years
I've loved her she's in my home I've
loved it with a certain kind of rhythms
and rituals and it's all going to be
different I don't know how to do that
you know yeah
and it's just in my mind it's like I'm
living I feel like I'm losing my kid and
I know rationally I'm not losing my kid
but I think that's the fear is that
somehow that distance is going to
disconnect you to where you're not going
to know how to love them you're not
going to know how to how to talk to them
like it's going to be awkward when you
see them for Christmas or something and
I know that's not true rationally but
that's how I feel that's and I just want
to be good I want to be a good dad yeah
you know I know that you want to be a
good mom and we would we just want to
love our kid really really well and
we're just in it or in any season well
and I think we're in a season of really
evaluating what matters like yeah and
simplifying whether it's physically like
in our home and purging and just kind of
cutting off excess because it affects
everything and I think for us that
commodity that we feel like we're losing
especially with her leaving in five
months in time
so for us time looks like we say no to a
lot of things you know a lot of
engagement is for it just even hanging
out with people because I think we're
trying to capitalize on our time to buck
that's right a lot there's a lot of
things that we could purchase but you
can't purchase time yeah I think I think
we're realizing he but it's making us
realize even even like between each
other so it's making us realize like our
time together as husband and wife so
it's like she's teaching us this lesson
I think this process is teaching us this
lesson
you cannot get time back you can't grow
it you can't buy it you can't
manufacture it and so that's why it's it
sounds cliche but you literally pick
your head up one day then they're
leaving and they're they're gone
you know and then I feel like if I don't
capture as much as I can I'm going to
take my head up again and I'm going to
be standing at the altar giving her away
I feel like instead of living day to day
with her I'm going to end up living
major life event to major life event and
I don't want it to be present in those
major life events the joy in those life
events will be made up of the small
seemingly ordinary moments and I think a
young parents I think I've I looked at
the ordinary as yeah it's what's the big
deal you know but I've learned like it's
in those ordinary moments that build all
of life together that you're able to
celebrate these big life events so I
just died you know I think I don't want
to I don't want to keep my head buried
and just forget to look up and enjoy my
kids you know she's her entire life's
taught me amazing lessons from the
moment I heard her actually little voice
when she was born crying from across the
room you know she was teaching me yeah I
think her kids
for teaching us a lot yeah and it's not
static it's it's very dynamic it's
always changing changes with each kid
like they're not textbook I mean to each
other there's a season that each one is
in and just combined with their
personalities and you know it take it
takes work and time and just being
sensitive and privy to what each child
needs and each of those seasons
