hey what's going on guys just a quick
check in with you guys first I want you
to know that
please do not stay up for these vlogs
because I don't know when they're
dropping some people are like you know I
spend up until 3 o'clock in the morning
waiting for this I got to be to work at
6:00
don't do that shun it's not that serious
I'm doing this the wrong way I'm like
filming during the day and then editing
at night it's like the complete opposite
I'm supposed to do what the day after
like I'm supposed to be a day ahead and
I'm not a day ahead so don't let me
being off schedule set you behind all
right do what you got to do protect your
life all right so that's number one
number two haven't been able to listen
to music for a long time because I've
been working on this album of ours off
to mastering on Monday I'm completely
done so I'll let check this out and I'm
really excited to really dig into it a
lot of people in saying it's an instant
classic and there's no such thing as an
instant classic in order to really vibe
with something you have to listen to it
on the big speakers you have to listen
to it in your headphones gotta listen to
it and your little earbuds got a drive
within the car you gotta clean wouldn't
you got a relaxed to it you have to live
with an album in order to really get it
can't just listen to a 4 or 5 times in a
row and be like oh this is a class right
now you don't do that that's not you
listen to music let it breathe let it
breathe let it breathe live with it it's
something to live life with and Kendrick
is such a deep guy you just got an egg
okay and this is music to listen to
with ear muffs for the kids okay this is
the ear muff music but teaches on
another thing I wanted to tell you guys
is we are the criminal is still at large
to the guy who stole our car is still at
large we still don't know we still don't
know where he is we do know what he
looks like and that's about it
um we're still looking I mean I can't
live when we're out in the bomber
hanging out during the day I'm like
patrolling looking for cars you don't
have tendency if I see my cars I can run
up when I do like a homie can I have my
car keys please I need my car back bro I
just want my car back you don't have
said I want my car back on what the car
seats it's hot you know it's different
when people are like yo this is a
blessing in disguise and I'm like
totally blessed by it and I'm so
thankful for everybody
forgiving to our GoFundMe campaign we
paid for like we bought our car and paid
for it like we bought it put seven
thousand down and paid for it in like 12
months that is our car
you know saying so to know that we're
like being like sewn into by you guys is
amazing and thank you and if you want to
do that some more it's right here
Chelsea the girl who started the
campaign raised the thing up to ten
thousand because we got five thousand
but you guys know in order to buy a car
to get a decent family car event it's
going to run about you know ten to
fifteen you know so whatever you guys
give it's great and it's not your
responsibility but I do appreciate it
but yeah like we pay for that car I want
my car back you know but I do appreciate
all the support i'm duper-sorry this was
just to check in okay I've been doing
Veda for about fifteen fourteen days now
and I think I'm freaking killing it I
don't know what you think but I think
I'm not going to matter the part what I
need from you is more requests see when
you're doing daily vlogging things get a
little mundane and I'm doing stuff and
I'm living on like is this even
interesting like I don't want to be the
day I can't stand bloggers who vlog like
this so today we're going to Walmart and
uh because they had Cheetos and we're
going to go get some Cheetos cheese
puffs threw a party yay like I can't
stand bloggers like that I don't want to
be those type of bloggers and I feel
like right now is getting a little I
just want to keep the thing going I want
to keep it interesting so I need some
requests of things that you want to see
more of some people have been saying hey
I want to see more uriah he's so sweet
and I'm like ooh Pat you I got a day in
the life of your eye episode being
planned in my brain space so if you want
to see more of the baby I got you some
people to see more deal got to there
people are nobody vet that's all good
but I need more requests like it's still
mad days the hardest part about doing
something like Veda I'm finding that is
that I I almost don't want to stop like
I'm almost addicted to the upload not
that I'm feigning to like be fake with
you but I am really authentic with you
guys but I do like like hitting upload
and then watching people react to the
content
that inspires me so um I do believe that
it's going to be very hard for me to
stop vlogging daily in May I just I
don't see it happening but maybe it will
I'm not sure maybe I'll be tired by then
um I always get this question asked
y'all like almost freaked out I'm going
to win the heck is that sound you don't
think the kitchens are going get you the
kitchen is just like imaginary thing
that like it's like out there you know
saying but you believe it exists what
that is is a piece of paper falling from
it's this paper it's coming off of the
rack and it's like coming off slowly but
my heart literally stopped I don't know
if you saw the fear in my face but the
fear was definitely that I was like ah
dang and i'ma die it's like walking
through the hallway and feeling
something behind you and then like
feeling like you have to run that's
that's the only thing I came in like
related to but anyway what was I saying
oh so I wanted to answer this question I
always get asked and this question is
forever evolving someone always people
always ask me what is the thing I
learned most about being a father what I
want to say is this fatherhood
Parenthood exposes you okay like
marriage exposes you this is what
parenting it has exposed in me I care
more about my time that my children's
growth what does that mean the reason
why I always justified spanking my
children not that I do it all the time
but when I do do it I have a really good
mind to do it is that it's not time
consuming teaching having these
discussions and helping them learn the
processes stuff through their head it
takes more time and so really I'm
putting my time ahead of their growth
you notice and I need to figure out how
to
forget about what's happening in my life
and focus on what's going on in theirs
that is like one of the biggest thing
that's like mind-blowing about being a
parent is how selfish I am about my time
and so time is all we have right now
with our kids and they enjoy that time
when they get older things will happen
in that time will go away so this will
be their time and our time is over here
you know saying so we won't have any
more of this they'll have this and they
won't try to close the gap somewhere I
feel like we're missing so I have to
value the time I have with my kids we
will include my wife in this we have to
value the time that we have with our
kids because it's precious and we don't
know how long that time is going to last
how long we're going to be this
influential and so Theo right now is
having his difficulties because his time
of focus is being adjusted because we
have the baby so he has to adjust and he
has to act out in order to get that time
in that focus that's what I'm learning
as a parent but I'm halfway through Veda
I'm loving it I need help I need you to
give me some suggestions so in the
comment section below tell me what you
want to see more of during my time in
Veda and do you want this to continue
everyday do you want me to go into May
and June July August September like you
want me to go all the way through there
I know you do I know you want it I know
you do but I'm just trying to have a
discussion
