when a baby is uh really really going at
it and you're having a hard time keeping
it together it's good for you to step
away so you don't lose it
I suffer from migraines mind I'm going
to migraine like tearing the front part
of my head up right now and so when
technique is to walk away encourage
yourself she's just a baby
she just needs time you have to be calm
because you're the grown-up and then you
go back in and you do whatever it is you
need to do sometimes the baby needs to
be Reece Waddell sometimes she needs to
be fed they changed in this case the
baby has been through all that so this
is my like little technique that I do
every baby is different you got to find
the way your baby operates all my
children have done well with that kind
of soothing thing I do and it's just
like this constant like humming and I
think like the vibration you know kind
of just helps them calm down my wife
hates it but the kids like it also
blocks out other sounds so it's
basically my own sound machine that
creates a noise for them and I know it
sounded bad to you but to them they
really really dig
and then that for that I sleep good job
baby
