everybody would be right yea-ah
hey Nina cool this yep you like a baby
yeah no yeah you and this yeah now you
don't like this oh my baby oh man what
even this yes this this this this yeah
yeah walk okay you love your baby all
right
whole squads in the car say good morning
everyone
good morning Raya say good morning
niya say good morning good morning
this whole vlog is going to be about
Yvette in her head wraps can we just go
forget y'all I'm in the story
head wraps in the park is I guess who
explained it on the way I'm gonna give
that car
all right this is a fair warning this is
for your benefit alone the next one
minute in 15 seconds of this video is
completely gross okay so if you were
squeamish you're eating or you know you
got a weak stomach or anything like that
just fast-forward to the five minute
mark all right fast-forward to the five
minute mark now if you think you bought
that life if you want birth control okay
just go ahead and watch it go ahead
watch it be hard-headed all right now I
warned you I don't want to see none of
the conversation like I said in last
thing I said it I'm telling you
fast-forward five minute mark
come on do you need help
get your feet out of here you that got
pee on her skirt
it isn't really Pete or the waters I was
going to baby why wouldn't you pour it
on in the grass because excuse me okay
no one told these Gladys would be all
week I had to do what I had to do I had
two children with full bladders they
were gonna pee on themselves I just do
it underneath the car no one told you to
get your freakin hey put your seat belt
on please that's not from chocolate
ladies I don't really have one I do have
like you don't have one story it's been
like two weeks I got five from the day I
will share though how I've been working
with no feel and uriah and I just have
to say how surprised I am by your ayah
he he's doing really well as far as
score is concerned as far as like in
academics are concerned he's even doing
well with his attention span and just
being able to pay attention and engage I
was telling my mom about this and she
was like you bet that's how you were
like whenever you would come home with a
B or whatever you drink out and be an
emotional wreck and this is more
evidence that your risers yes because I
was a clumsy kid I don't know if I was a
scatter brained or whatever as he is but
I was definitely there are some
personality traits with him that are
consistent with who I was and possibly
still am I'm just thinking there have
been times when I have
left the house feeling pretty and you
didn't say something like you didn't
acknowledge my prettiness and then I go
out and the guy will say hey you look
good like you look cute and not even
necessarily like in a hey I want to get
out you type of agent saying like you're
cute like you look good type situation
and so I can see if that happened on a
regular basis that would become
something that was like okay now I need
something mmm like I'm hearing this from
other people that I'm not you're not
feeling I love tank in this way mm-hmm
and so that could become dangerous but I
wouldn't say anything like that you know
I don't know why do you why would you
say anything you feel like you have to
hide it or you just like oh that was so
all right just got back from the head
head box in the park and I want to show
you what I got
so last year when I went there this lady
was selling these skirts and I tried on
one of them and I just loved it
but I didn't buy one because I was kind
of broke and I was really there going
there for the head wraps but I ended up
getting one of her skirts this year and
I'm just super excited
the funny thing is she remembered me and
I got I only got the whole thing I only
got one head wrap but I feel like it's
kind of fall s so it worked so I went to
this one place and I told when when I
got there I was like I want a top with
like some kind of African print and so I
found this place and they had a couple
of different tops and I went with these
colors I'm not really sure why I chose
these colors but I hope it looks good on
but I found this top and then they were
like you know we have that
really and I was like it's meant to me
and I had an I try it on right on the
spot and she is so cute in it I can't
wait I feel like we just have to have a
mommy daughter clothes she's just to
wear those now this one I got to the
place and I think this was like the
first thing I saw and tried on and I was
enamored but it was the first thing and
I really wanted to make sure I looked
around before I just bought the first
thing and when I tried it on I was like
yeah so when I came back at the end of
our little whatever I was super excited
that it was still there in my size
and she said that she might have more of
this material so I got to email her and
see if I can get a head wrap or
something for Anaya maybe even a head
wrap for an ayah in this print and then
we can add I got some jury this necklace
was so cool so you've been get to
tighten it around your neck but it is
like yes and I got from the same Ranger
I got two pairs of earrings two pairs of
earrings that are super cute and these
ones kind of like go with the skirt that
I got slightly and then these ones are
just cute that's a complete plate and I
love how they have
