okay we out we out let's go back home go
to sleep now
don't play me man follow me I know I
know this you mad what can I say
got a baby I know comfortable in the
suitcase huh okay hold on
got a package you guys are supposed to
be sleeping in your room right now hold
on baby she likes it so I wanted a
comment section on the last video I put
out about my wife saving my son from
getting a spanking from me and I'm
really like thankful for everyone for
commenting and watching the video if you
want to share it that's great
one thing I'm having trouble with though
is um now that spanking isn't my go-to
what do I do now see I'm becoming more
childish today see oh we were at the
park you vet say hey when the timer goes
off it's time to go home and the timer
went off and I kind of put
next to his ear so he can hear the timer
going you know what I'm saying and he
started like swinging at me like no no I
don't want it I don't don't put that in
my ears I don't want to know the time is
going off and it wasn't loud or anything
like that he like got like like he lost
it for a second and I said excuse me do
you know who I am you know who you are
you're not saying you know I'm your
father you don't talk to me like that
and uh you know he just started trippin
man and I was just so like meditated I
realized that you know I'm trying to use
spanking as my go-to so I said I don't
want to be your friend and then I
realize how childish I actually am the
event told me that you know she doesn't
want us to implement a state of fear
when it comes to feel in the spankings
or uriah and the problem is for me is
that I know Theo is not scared me like
he's when he see me he doesn't like
tremble and fear you know when I was
growing up like I was beat out of anger
you know and I didn't know when it was
coming you know I'm saying so I know
what it's like to fear and I don't think
my kid has that you know because way
more than I spanked him hugs and kisses
and throwing in the sky and high-fives
and I love you and I miss you that's all
in our language you know saying he
usually acts like that when he sees
behavior like that so we're at the park
and he saw this little girl being mean
to her sister and he started to snap at
me and I'm like man like I just want to
remind you who I am and who you are and
the fact that you can't act like that
because he downloaded behavior you know
saying sometimes kids download behavior
they see other kids do things and they
try to do it and you have to remind them
hey don't download those files because
it's not enough space on your hard drive
for that or hey your operation system
doesn't support that format he fears the
pain of the spanking which I understand
but like I said before and one of the
youtubes lives pain is a part of the
process
if I if I go to the gym right now I'm
going to be in pain that's because I
don't go to the gym but I don't fear the
gym I fear the soreness and stuff like
that that pain the actual work that's
the harder part I don't fear we don't
fear the doctor you fear the needle the
surgery you fear what's going to happen
when you go there when you go to the
dentist you don't fear the dentist you
fear the tools on the table you fear the
the root canal but if you weren't eating
as much candy you wouldn't have to deal
with that I'm not scared to spank my
child that's not why I'm not stinking
him I'm looking for more opportunities
to teach him that's what I need to be
searching for but the problem is when
spanking is my go-to I become very
immature but I need to figure out what
to say in the moment and so sometimes I
just don't need to say anything but then
I received that as passiveness and so
this is going to be a long road I don't
want to discourage anybody if you are
Pro spanking to not spank your kids you
don't have saying I don't like you feel
bad for that I hope I didn't but what I
do want to do is challenge myself into
being smarter but I'm dealing with a
four-year-old and he's very I don't want
to say manipulative but he's very crafty
when it comes to how he formulates
everything my son started lying lately
lying on his brother you know he'll do
something I say riot did it you know
it's all training I'm training him to be
a man you know and sometimes it's going
to hurt but thank you guys for watching
new thing with this Veda thing so what
I'm going to do is I really want to
engage with you guys in the comment
section below
so whenever I drop a video in the first
hour of me drop in that video I'll
respond to everybody who comments okay I
won't be able to it's hard for me to
respond up to like 24 hours in a longer
period because at the track the next
video or have to work on other stuff
first hour I'm commenting back don't
forget to check us out on patreon
