are you doing I'm working on the birth
isolation
it's basically for when it does come
time for the baby to be born I can have
little reminders posted around the room
about I don't know it's a kind of a
funny encouraging - so where you getting
these affirmations for me well they will
be scriptures
I lost Logan what happened to my book
amusing I also liked the book
supernatural counselors it has something
remember when I was pregnant with you I
read that book to me basically and it
was very reaffirming my doula sent me a
look of afternoon as I really liked her
as well so I have that in sense but I'm
going to be using the first one I
recognize it says my job is simply to
relax and allow the birth to happen and
so I'm going to make a little banner
just put up over the fireplace so that
when it comes time when I'm running
around my house freely I get to see it I
might even put from above the TV rather
they D walk around during the birth like
anything is not healthy I'd like to be
on
using essential oils I was around I'd
like you to explain if it happens on
Sunday and it's butchering I'd like to
fire things off I bicycles around hello
they go TV why did you decided to home
home birth and wouldn't experience that
question the interesting thing is um
both the boys were born in the hospital
and I wouldn't say that I had a bad
experience right me being a medication I
don't think we had a bad experience we
had a really good team of nurses and
also had a good doctor she was very like
straightforward and she wasn't
necessarily the most she wasn't like the
most warmest person in the world she's
very like tell you how it is kind of you
know whatever but she was she had this
great heart and then she's good at her
job and it's actually kind of weird when
we did decide to go through the home
birth it was kind of like in Boston
matter I'm not going to be delivering
our child because she's delivered both
to you and Ryan so that was a little bit
weird to come to terms with but yeah we
have really good exchange into my
hospital we had a good team conversely
Proxmire I came in and she's everything
but it just kind of felt like too
sterile urban environment like he just
was another in warm environment the
baby's born and he never remaining never
leaves your side at least one of those
supposed to be at all times but
I felt like there was more of like
urgency to like me the process alone
because they always have people coming
in and out yeah and so this time I
wanted it to be at home um mainly
because I didn't want to be rushed out
of the hospital like I just wanted it to
happen and just kind of I don't know I
could be romanticizing the whole
experience we'll see how it goes but I
wanted to be able to just let things
happen he naturally with both births and
I didn't do an epidural
everything's went pretty well I don't
think you needed anything extra and so I
still like because I don't have
high-risk pregnancy so it's okay to try
this passes at home and I just wanted it
to be like the four of us plus the one
like I want the boys niggers
I want granted either I want the boys to
be in like the comfort of their home
free to roam however they want without
any restrictions and you end up at me in
art school I don't know that I knew I
really didn't know what to expect in the
home birthing classes but I will say
this I'm a lot more aware of what's
going on like for examples they get you
it just huge binders and it kind of it
it looks overwhelming and it's very
whatever but it goes by week so it
starts out with like at the beginning
and then it goes to like when you're at
22 weeks 26 weeks pretty much every four
weeks in dependency and then even has a
chapter on dad matters and that notebook
is a lot of education about what happens
during the time that you're pregnant
what happens when the baby comes and all
that good stuff
so like a lot of the conversations that
um I've had with my midwife
I've never had with the doctor she's
asking me questions about the boys and
did they get this and did they get that
when they were born and I don't know the
answer because no one ever like told me
about my boy was getting this that and
the other and so I feel like a lot more
education comes with the home birth
experience as far as being more
knowledgeable about the treatment that
your children are getting and I know
that probably sounds really badd and
maybe some people knew every single
thing that they were picking your
children with or whatever but I just
went to the hospital and kind of trusted
that they were doing what they needed to
do but I really appreciate the fact that
it seems like it I really appreciate the
fact that I'm having these conversations
and I'm a lot more aware of what is
supposed to happen when the baby comes I
think that I'll be hosting I'm most
excited about the fact that the
transition is going to be not as
dramatic
yeah going from home like some hospitals
to home
