hold on how they walk around with the
fools you ever have one of those dreams
that you were at the toilet but you
weren't at the toilet and you end up
peeing on yourself well I didn't have
one of those dreams but I did wake up to
pee in my bed and so I was like dang man
everyone's going to hate me they're
going to find out that I peed in the bed
my wife is going to divorce me I'm a
30-year old grown man and I peed in the
bed I'm embarrassed shut down and I
didn't kill myself turned around and
there it was there was a terrorist
attack in my bed a serial kisser
was in my bed Uriah bunk was in my bed
and at first you're like uh-huh
cuz he looks so cute and adorable but
then you realize he didn't come alone it
came with bodily fluids you really
pissed in my bed kid
you peed all over the bed why are you
crying where you crawl over my mattress
you see how I woke him up I didn't care
nothing about his feelings I just cared
about my mattress you know he wasn't
invited in my bed you know he has his
own bed that's actually more comfortable
than mine this fool came in my bed just
to pee
the thing is the kid is pretty much
potty training still uses pull-up
diapers he knows when he has to go to
the bathroom he knows where to go he
knows how to sit on the potty and yes
I'm a grown man and I'm offended and I
don't care he always currently duties
this would we go to his parents if you
really love your child I don't want to
hear it I don't hear nothing about that
I love my kid but I don't like being
pissed off but the problem is with me
I'm not mature enough to differentiate
being peed on by a grown man being freed
on by an infant PSP I don't appreciate
it look at you and all that pissed get
out of mine and if we have a girl part
this is going to be the reason why look
at this I don't have a protector on my
freaking mattress this is this is just
now luckily it was on my wife's side so
I wasn't really tripping but it's still
my bed when we move people are going to
think I peed in the bed and that's my
real problem is
this is embarrassing for me this whole
ring ain't going away it's gonna be
yellow in a week I love you but you need
to stay in your bed right Bo you hit me
give me a kiss I want you to take a bath
too but I don't want to give you a bath
do you know how long it takes to let a
piss stain dry or get a piss smell out
and then I put it on social media of
course everybody has their own different
versions of remedy baking soda and
vinegar hot water so carpet cleaners oh
just go ahead and throw a little bleach
on it yeah essential oil if I take
everyone's advice my bed is going to
start looking like a science project I'm
going to be laying in a chemical
actually I already am laying in a
chemical you ever wake up in the morning
and feel like the devil got the jump on
you like he came to play today and you
were not prepared for his shenanigans
that's how I feel today I woke up in the
deficit yeah on this thing that double
outsmarted me
he was thinking way ahead of the game he
knew how to pick me off early during the
day supposed to this picture on Facebook
people didn't like it a lot of people
didn't like any they said that I forced
my kid to lie and urine they said that
this was going to be online for the rest
of his life why would I embarrass my
child like that first of all why does
everyone have his back he peed in my bed
I'm the one that should be offended how
dare you how dare you look upon me with
shame I'm just trying to make it y'all
that like you'll never be parents
everybody pees in the pit you peed in
the bed I peed in a bed I didn't even
want to love it I didn't invite him into
my bed I woke up he was in the bed and
and there was pee on my back
that way sometimes there's a parent you
just wake up to in the morning you got
piss on your back it just is what it is
we celebrate every moment because
honestly these times won't last long and
I'm going to be looking forward to the
time when he came in my bed when I
didn't want to soon it's going to be
acting like he doesn't know me in public
or not giving me a hug around his
friends I'm gonna take my hug
I want my hugs I said all this to say
sometimes when your morning starts off
like this it kind of sets the tone for
the rest of the day if it's a Monday
assess the tone for the rest of the week
so keep fighting the good fight we keep
loving our kids no matter what because
accidents happen and it's really not
that big of a deal so you're right about
your little bed pisser you can come in
my bed any time make sure you don't use
it as a toilet seat use the potty before
you come in there we have a mantra
please use it I wake up I get out of the
bed then I go pee I don't be in a bed
that's gross this has been another
behind the snaps installment Thank You
parents out there for not making me feel
like I'm alone in this and thank you non
parents for just being entertained all
right that's enough I'm gonna take you
guys to follow me on snapchat and
Instagram if you haven't done that yet
follow me now vele AF MDL in the
comments section if you would tell me a
story about when you were violated when
the devil got to jump on check out my
patreon page if you want to go deeper
into this relationship right there there
there
we have sponsored patrons like Brandon
and gen√®ve bones at Bones pro media good
friends of mine make sure you check them
out and for future reference make sure
you're not missing anybody off or
getting pissed on the release melanin
I'm signing out check your like please
