no it's not joking no I can't even talk
about this on video but I got a SIGINT
roll with my wife because I seen Iron
Man I felt like I was going out at 1:00
in the morning to the whole eco hundreds
of people out there to go catch pokemon
usually have a shot without really oh it
was really bad
yo what's up guys believe your father's
are here hear my brother Jorge what's
going on everybody from reality changes
so basically you know I'm having a baby
okay my wife's pregnant and we're having
a girl our first girl I have two boys
but my man Jorge here's a girl expert
because he has $2.00 two daughters what
do guinea pig female and it rabbit at
the female so a house full of women a
bunch of master general okay okay okay
so basically what I need to understand
about this whole process first of all I
have to ask you how many tea parties am
under the door for the rest of my life
just be ready every single day relax
because it's it's going to be you're
going to have to just deconstruct all
that masculinity that you were raised to
learn oh yeah yeah let it go
be okay with wearing a dress oh really
is that bad cross-dressing that's the
thing that's the thing where you're a
this is my daughter's room and we're
having a little teacup party another
thing I want to ask it's the whole thing
it will tell me about wiping you have to
wipe the baby I don't know can you
explain a little all right baby
so when you wipe a girl you never wipe
up ever ever show up like okay so you
get the diaper jiminy Christmas right on
jiminy Christmas trust which is this is
a girl that's the booty you never wipe
up you want to watch yeah I want to know
what because you can give your daughter
an infection really in her private area
okay so I got a white get up we're down
that's yes so not like that like this
put your hand like this because
sometimes even like girls will pee on
you you gotta be really really be really
excited about the little girl you're
going to get you're going to get
it's going to hit you hard once the
baby's born again if are thinking all
these suicidal thoughts they're gonna
come to your mind why would I why would
I want to kill because your daughter's
going to want to have a boyfriend one of
these days
oh yeah be like and how old are your
daughters
twelve and eight okay all right so
they're at the age now where they're
looking at boys as interest my daughter
doesn't if he's not attracted to any
boys right now because boys are nasty
which makes me feel really good inside
because I have to worry about that right
my other daughter my eight year old
Ileana well there's a time where she had
three boyfriends Oh Shrieve boyfriend
will see as a father I would have to
think am I not enough for you am I not
enough man for you you understand like I
would be totally insulted by that they
always look for a man that reminds them
of their father I mean so I see a little
uary with that I'm a cool guy mom I'm
the best you notice that I'm the best
but I'm saying that I don't think any
other men can compare to me so that's
going to be an issue if she comes up if
you bring Thomas around and I'm like hey
Thomas home and like me buck Thomas you
got to get the hell up out of here if
it's standard you know if he's not like
your dad don't even walk don't even
brings it out oh okay okay all right all
right cheers to that you mean it you
need a good man for your daughter okay
all right awesome I like that okay
another thing about having a baby
daughter eventually they have periods Oh
and so what happened or not time what do
I say well I say you're leaking terrific
luggage potatoes mouth let me stop your
baby cows don't say we I was going to
pay back what I looked Oh
you know because my kids are getting
older I think that you need to be
open-minded about the female body and
understand that this is something
they're gonna have to deal with for the
rest of your life Oh every single month
and each date from what I know so far
they are very sensitive emotionally
during that time so my advice to you is
loosely is take a week off go to Florida
and don't come back for a whole week and
just and you'll be fine
take a vacation when your daughter has
everything every month every mother has
it
don't go anywhere to youtube paying me
enough money to go and drink you know
not part of my patreon for it so um I
also think about you know what it's like
the rapist daughter
my boys are you know they're they're
great you know I love my boys but I have
anyone tell me it's going to be
different it's going to be different
it's different like what how do you know
it's gonna be different for me but what
is like one of the things that you're
like man like like having a daughter
like makes me feel you know like is it
like is it more like a protective type
of thing because yeah I think I'm I
think because I have daughters on more
penises okay I'm very protective I don't
want them to get hurt and I asked them
how they join in school you know and
because you know my kids deserve to feel
loved not just at home but at school or
wherever they are and they need to value
themselves and so I always remind them
to to always make friends and make them
feel valuable that's really we don't
then they're going to find they're going
to find a value somewhere else yeah and
it might not be good Valley
yeah well and I want my I mean for me my
daughter's I'll give you me I'm telling
you my big advice is make them
emotionally strong women strong strong
because they're going to be how do you
do that how do you make an emotionally
strong would I check in with them every
Sunday I don't hey look what are your
highs and what are your lows of the week
what is your prayer request in a tone
what's the biggest thing that happened
to this week was the worst thing a
vania's week and I just vent been spent
and I only start trusting you and my
daughters tell me all the things are
gone through and that makes them
stronger makes it their skin thick and
then you can take advantage of that time
and teach them something about what
you've been through when you were young
this is what you could do but you won't
know until you ask them and a lot of
kids our age
for me like I wasn't like that with my
dad you know so I want my kids to know
that they can trust me and they can tell
me anything I mean anything they have to
you know okay that's really good advice
I appreciate that cheers to that
what about hope it's clear that all over
you've done run by car with a link to
the name kinda Eliana and my bad and
yeah my bad it's just a little bit I'm
glad that Meagan operons found this
coffee is good it is great take on board
a space where you feel it what is it I'm
going to give you advice
yeah time boys all right so check out
Jorge's cage
I'm going to give him advice on having a
boy what it's like all the experience
their goal is going to be fine actually
we'll make it up how about that it's
going to be fun
