however growls okay first things first I
want you to follow me on snapchat and
Instagram or Instagram whatever you got
its be ele AF mal that is how you spell
it now follow me there do that now I'll
wait for you shut up the fog gear off
for this hat I'm filming press listen
see the thing is about being a parent
you never know what's going to come your
way you don't know what stage your kid
is at you don't know what it's coming
but everyone goes through the imaginary
never-ending now imaginary friends are
cool I really don't have any problem
with imaginary friends long as they stay
outside my house you see I don't like
unwanted company I have a closed-door
policy my wife has an open-door policy
so sometimes we can just stop by over I
like to be warned
texting in text you're going to come
over you know stop by ham in the area
but don't just come over my house and
that goes for imaginary friends I don't
know these people
I don't know what they look like I don't
know what they smell like and I don't
see him so I don't appreciate my kids
inviting people at my house I don't care
if they're real fake or magic and also
it's like come on man like I don't know
the difference between a ghost and an
imaginary friend and I don't know what
type of characters these kids are
dreaming up in their hand and allowing
to come in my house I don't know they're
just an imaginary friend in the demon so
I'm gonna just say nah you can't come
along if the London comment section was
like y'all why you won't let your kids
have imaginary friends in your house
don't want them to like express their
imagination it's very limited and I'm
like what look and ya house you can have
whoever you want a job and my house
understand the people need to be visible
that way if something go down I know
whom to aim at see all snapchat the
other day something will happen I didn't
know how to explain it
I was sitting there watching TV with the
boys and they were arguing over
something now usually I'm like go figure
it out share like that's the type of
stuff I say but I looked over and they
were arguing over something but there
was nothing there and then I was like
hey crazy
take it back right and as you can guess
why you freaked out deal took the
imaginary thing from him snatched it out
of his hands and riot just lost it
because his brother doesn't share but
the whole time I'm sitting there like
community Oh hurry up and then I got a
kind of step in and intervene you know
do the bad thing so I'm like eh do you
should share with your brother give it
back to your brother give it back and
I'm sitting there looking like a bag off
fool talking about give it back to your
brother give it back give it back what
am i I don't even know what I'm talking
about
did you see that deal gave whatever it
was back which is clearly nothing and
your eyes whole mood altered and then
feel God man now if you look closely you
can see your raya holding on to nothing
absolutely nothing he's not holding on
to anything he's just what got that
well he's mad over the imaginary thing
why didn't the kids to share the
imaginary thing why why could it only be
one why was there a limit of nothingness
why why I got so many Y's I'm like why
who even thought of the thing why why
was Wow why am i talking about this like
none of this makes sense to me like kids
will do crazy things and make you think
that you're crazy because I just
realized I had the referee or argument
about nothing but then I got hit with
like a deeper spiritual thing where I
was kind of like yo how many imaginary
imaginary findings or I fight for and I
was like yo monkeys actually might not
be crazy they might be geniuses because
there's a lot of things on my life that
are just imaginary like the amount of
subscribers I need to feel like a legit
super or the amount of people that tell
me I'm a dough trapper for me to believe
it or the amount of money I feel like I
need to be secure that's all imaginary
it's all made up in my head what's here
is here what I can touch but these fools
is arguing about things I don't even
exist and so am i I fight for things
that don't exist and aren't my problem
yet so sometimes it's just best to focus
on what you got in front of you and stop
fighting so much for imaginary things
can I get a Amen somebody say it say it
say it's a question of the day what
imaginary things are you fighting for
please place your answers in the comment
section below and I'll be responding
replying to all your comments for the
next 24 hours okay that's enough make
sure you're probably on Instagram and
snapchat be ele 8f MBL big shout out to
my patreon supporters Brendon and you
need boards have boards pro media right
there there there check us out on
patreon calm and I will see you later
make sure you protect your life I choked
please share now I know you have that
one can you make two can you make
another one and give it to your brother
are you still gonna share I don't
understand why they couldn't just have
two
there was only one of the imaginary
things right I still hold on to it
he said you gotta Riya
