about two and a half years ago two of
our favorite people got married the
thing I appreciate about Drew and Maggie
and that they always challenge each
other even from the beginning of their
relationship one of the interesting
things about this couple is that they
waited for their wedding day to have
their first kiss we were there after
like we get an inside look on it's very
personal journey and I wanted to bring
you along so you can see what we have to
see all the time healthy relationships I
didn't know what to call this session
when we first started it but as we break
bread and talk and discuss and challenge
each other on the titles is bless the
food so here's part three bless the food
more than ours
what's that one second I didn't say that
lemon supplement let go I really like my
default yours of your fame yeah of
course yeah so we would happen oranges
legitimately I am nobody's religion in
Italy my favorite I looking at your
picture over there and I was like
remembering didn't see that long ago oh
and then it seemed almost seven years of
W no well I guess is closer to so
remember how do you continue to do this
because I guess like it's something
about most men like after perhaps to
pursuing it's like the romantic parties
that get to flowers and more still
additions they were like what's up yeah
you know then but it's definitely true
no Sherman Hockey League's come on
anything for me right now two and a half
years
I'm not I mean there's there's moments
that we've had know where she's like you
know I'm not feeling as pursued so I
mean it sounds not easy i reminisce to
be real pleased because he set the
standard so high oh you know where I'm
like we got married and now it's like
well we see each other every day so what
do you do now you know Mike and I still
hoard when she's when she brings
like that's like the worst thing I don't
never I never want her to do that so
every time that she's done it I'm like
oh man I'm like I'm doing the wrong
things I'm doing the right things but
it's not the things that are good it's a
good loving with things like you are the
acts of service but I'm like that's not
my level yeah like it's changed we've
kind of had to like adapt to the janitor
thing it was angel yeah yeah I don't you
have to think about kids I'm like I'm
gonna go a little crazy like what are
you going to do that yeah I think it's
because I did set the bar pretty high I
have to like I got anything yeah sure
I'll have to keep it yeah maintain that
it's challenging but thank you do you
think but it's good because I did I'm
glad I did that because then it always
reminds me of like what she's worth to
me yeah - well practicum like that okay
but I do I do like I don't want him to
like forget about how when we were
dating there and you know like no I cuz
I'm like word we don't have kids right
now like this is the time to go all out
like let's go all out when we have kids
we'll be different I'm not going to see
as the same anymore either and there's
looks very nice yeah I think I think
that's not our part like because I get
so sidetracked on like father that the
real test of fatherhood really is if
your children if your sons grew up in
know how to treat a woman
you know nothing and so like for me like
even you better not talking about this
earlier in life with the other day
couple like a month or collusive oh and
I have to mention like the fact that I'm
not as much of a pursuer as I could be
you know say and so yeah you know after
like I know this is the area that I need
to grow me you know the same
so watching you guys I first I used to
be like gotta be doing something you
know like together get everybody you
don't hang out and so I think yeah I
think the proposal kind of like that was
where it started you know go flying to
New York and all again I just blew to me
you're doing it all surprised like
surprising here the whole time girl
you have to I love her no I don't know I
I don't know maybe my expectations will
change a little bit but they're not even
expectation just like you also wants to
do them so I don't want like 10 years
from now like for me to be disconnected
you know it's like when I can like
because I know like it's so easy like
one once you get complacent comfortable
marriage which happens you know not not
having our reminder or have
accountability they always say hey you
know this might happen in 10 years if
you don't start dating your wife yeah
you know in 10 years happens if no one
hears that then divorce or who knows you
begin to this division to eat that
easier for you can nominate yeah yeah
yeah didn't specially like with the kids
I just think it just becomes a whole
other aspect too like now you have to
figure out who's gonna watch the kids
and actually how long you can be gone
and how if you can really enjoy your
time yeah I think when you become hands
like I feel like we're excellent
partners and I think Glen and I when it
comes to getting out the door or like
anything done we're in our zone you know
what we're doing you know we don't get
in each other's way and you get things
done and then there you have yeah but I
do feel like they're after their
children are kind of like a stretch
they're the focus and I like that yeah
yeah there's a distraction it's not
enough alike hmm it's not nothing like
this intentional like Electra ended up
in your eyes like even it we're cuddling
on the couch together there all of a
sudden interested in kind of you know
and like one of the things that Lynde
says allow that I don't know if Linfen
or someone says to us but um it's like
eventually your children are going to be
gone and it's just going to continue
yeah and so don't forget that because
right now when they do finally and me
but then when they leave is like well hi
who are you Ranger
