I hope the holiday season for you was
great the holiday season for us was
amazing happy new year we didn't get our
kids anything for Christmas but we did
get a lot of gifts for them from family
members and here's how that went man
what are you gonna give for Christmas
who are you getting a gift why I'm not
worried about that tool those toys
aren't recording you should be worried
about what you're going to give some
mouse
you clean up clean up everybody
everywhere everybody do your share
hey so it's that time here and feeling
your writers room but I want to have a
conversation with Theo Theo can you sit
down right here please listen to me
yesterday Levi came over he came over
with a shield yeah but he said I could
have a little skit and we just he he he
said yeah I know but you already have a
shield why do you want his shield
because now and listen thanks for
playing yeah but if you already have a
toy why do you need another one what is
being do you know what being grateful
means deal what does it mean being
grateful means you appreciate what you
have
that means you're a thankful for what
you have so if you have a toy already
you don't need another toy right but
it's good for me to have another toy
business
we don't have another venture if they
can't have another venture I'm under the
attack the vengers jerk yeah oh my god
okay so I'm saying it you don't really
need another toy though like you have a
shield and you have a bunch of Avengers
and you got Ninja Turtles and you got
this bunk bed oh yeah you got that for
Christmas grandma I got it for you Oh My
glob oh my Oh
yeah but you know bojong got you another
nerf gun you don't need any more right
okay okay okay John yeah I I work gun
why because I love him
do you understand so you work and you
buy toys I work and I buy food so you
know how will we go to the grocery store
and then we pick out vegetables and then
we go buy them and I pay the lady at the
front or the man at the front that's
cool that's where the money goes
Oh what is supposed to do with money
you're not just opposed to buy toys
you're supposed to also give to church
or help out your friends or pay for
things and well give my toys my idea I
want to show off my toy of my friends
okay that's fine question of the day do
Christmas gifts promote greed if you are
a parent and you give your kids
Christmas gifts or you allow them to
have Christmas gifts how do you stop
them from continuously asking you for
stuff because our kids are still asking
for gifts and me I need some advice so
if you have the answers to this question
I have any thoughts towards this
question please leave that in the
comment section below and have a great
week I'll see you on Thursday good who
else is your friend Alessandra Ariana
nice seek you
