you know who sent us that Pizza Oprah I
like to close my eyes and just listen to
the waves they will not open them
sometimes I forget that this is our
actual home like we live here this
summer has been unforgiving the
temperature has been high we have been
easily irritated and the electricity
bill I'm helping so we see the ocean as
a place to serenity and as we try to
keep cool the waves always rise
what
are you going to go
wait a minute are you hungry would you
eat come come me right thank you so much
you guys want pizza all right I'm gonna
make some pizza crusts as parents some
of you guys know we're always trying to
find ways to get vegetables into our
kids system and sometimes that takes a
little bit of outsmarting them now this
right here is oh that's good this is
Oprah's brand of food I didn't even know
she made food I saw this and I was like
help we gotta do this brand new so thank
you guys oh that's good for sponsoring
this video
this pizza right here is made with five
cheeses and it has caliph Lauer in the
crust now Mariah doesn't like broccoli
he does on my cauliflower but we've
always tried to find ways to put it into
his system now for the sake of his
Brando I hope that the kids love it and
for the sake of their health really
order up
thank you on that sausage like that are
you taking video oh yeah I like video
how about you I didn't myself how's the
pizza how does it taste
do you guys know that that Pizza has
cauliflower in it ah yes it has
cauliflower in the crust the white part
is called the crust do you guys have fun
at the beach today
okay you want some of that same pizza
tomorrow no no how do you play how'd you
play looks kids don't even stop eating
more food why because I can't just get
there you want to get bigger yeah make
food you know who sent us that Pizza
Oprah you don't know who Oprah is
Oprah's Center just sent us the pizza so
say Thank You Oprah
can't you feel Oprah Thank You April
Thank You Oprah it's time to go we'll do
what now yeah let's go brush your teeth
what you're trying to do is stall for
bit before bedtime okay and that's not
what I'm having
so go upstairs and brush your teeth for
the merch turn into place now you
forgive me
