okay so we are here at YouTube space as
a whole family which is
we're now leaving YouTube we could not
record anything in there because youtube
doesn't want us recording in there you
two hanging out with each Kym the
manager you Kim I don't have room for
you in my car so where you going okay
okay tonight was supposed to help Mike
that's it
ladies
five years old
she had a heart transplant so she can't
be a rose
our house is dirty anyway
you feel like you know
so house is ready anyway so
which has left a laxative
I blink our house is dirty our house
just a bunch of stuff
of houses there
and you see the floor
they need to be scraped
Thanks feel like
I always
Oh Billy you have to light them up right
away
before right now
well you say that you've heard me say
that before
I'm very disabled
but also her tell me a lot of things you
saved me I just
acknowledged
watch out blend it clear out your
friends what your friends did my friends
in my house are you serious oh you said
what happened you were talking to them
on Thursday about I guess how dirty your
house was they give you flowers
hold on Theo
get it cleaned up even your eyes shot so
that group at our house we are we are
having let your life through this at our
house
don't you got a wipe you but we have
amazing friends that's just the truth
I've been dropping the ball lately with
working taking care kids cook for stuff
like that I have been cleaning as well
and my wife's kind of been down for the
count we both been sick and so our house
got totally wrecked it just was a mess
and so some of her friends took notice
when she mentioned that you know she
doesn't have time to clean and she
doesn't feel like being home they took
it upon themselves to come and clean our
entire house I'm just grateful for the
community that we have like we just have
an amazing group of friends we're
blessed you to call for the YouTube
thing
oh my damn coyote it's a full dog look
at that it's a daggone coyote full on
yeah nothing nothing go back downstairs
please
so I went to YouTube space la to go on a
tour there to see the space that's one
of the perks that you get if when you
have ten thousand subscribers so I went
to go do that and then I got a call from
YouTube and they told me basically
because my channel is growing so well in
such a short amount of time that they
wanted to kind of partner with me and
help me grow my channel which is amazing
I've never heard of a social media
platform or platform in general just
because you were doing well on it to
take ownership and try to help you get
better at it so I'm very grateful for
YouTube I'm very grateful for you of the
subscriber the viewer just for checking
out what we're doing because it's other
people are noticing it and I was like
you only have 15,000 subscribers there
are people out there with 100,000
subscribers in 20 and 50 and all these
you know of different numbers that are
way higher than mine why are you taking
interest and they're just like man like
your growth over this short amount of
time it's just been exponential and so
we just want to kind of reward you for
that and help you so I take my first
class today and they're gonna help me go
through some practical steps of hot and
get better at the platform yeah so
that's kind of what's going on with you
too and um yeah check out I'm sorry
about the moving in like the sound of
this camera I'm borrowing into the
camera for my friend it's just kind of
what I got to do right now but check out
next week's episode feel and your ride
go to the dentist spring you're
hilarious they got these masks on it's
regalis here's a stroke look that and
see you next you know it's just a
regular morning roll around my ninja's
you know I'm saying
ah
