I'm on my way to the appointment to find
out the gender of the baby and I feel
like I'm on my way to like my first date
with some guy I happen to be a baby but
you know yeah so anyways today's a day I
just checked the lens location he's
still at home huh you didn't hurt
yourself okay no you're not getting a
shot we're going to the doctor to see if
we're having a boy or girl he has a boys
so I understand is probably gonna be a
delay however I do not want to find out
without him
so I hope he's able to make it on time
you want a sister
yeah I think we're having a bullet
though I'm here I seriously don't
remember being this nervous for either
of my children oh I'm so nervous and
there's no sign of Gloin at ten weeks we
had an ultrasound and we saw a penis and
so we kind of figured it was a boy and
the last time I checked this location
home and don't judge me for checking my
husband's location sometimes we just
need to know where each other is when
they aren't answering their phone okay
I'm going in well we just really want a
girl because it's a lot of testosterone
in our house the doctor we're gonna see
right now is the doctor that pulled you
out of mommy's belly don't you know we
have an appointment
Oh
have you ever psyched yourself out so
much that when you actually get the news
that yours that you are playing yourself
against is that even the right word like
so like so we are I'm leaving the old
song I'll go back to work
and we just found out that we are having
a girl and so like I just felt like
again I'm super excited
however I've been telling myself I'm
having a boy that I'm kind of skeptical
like oh my gosh she bet I got a race
that word I will cover so now I just
don't believe it but I want to believe
it and I want to continue to be super
excited however is it true
and here's the thing we won't have
another ultrasound until never like the
baby has to come out of my womb in order
for us to be affirmed that this is going
to be a girl I get to have a daughter I
think I'm just gonna own it I get to
have a daughter then that comes with so
much responsibility I get up I'm just
excited and she's gonna be loved
and well taken care of
yeah
