hi my name is Theo this is my partner hi
hey what's up guys my name is belief I'm
a stay-at-home dad and a songwriter I
make videos about what it's like to be a
debt or actually how great it is to be a
dad because it's freaking awesome I
started my youtube page a little over a
year ago call belief and father I
started at 19 subscribers today I had
15,000 subscribers because of you so
thank you
all right back what I'm here to talk to
you about today is patron patron is a
way for supporters or subscribers to
donate to their favorite creators
monthly and in return they get all types
of perks with that so for instance if
you watch my content you get things like
the food for thought recipes longer
videos a new song every month
downloadable videos and also updates and
family news like right now if you wanted
to see the gender-reveal of the next
baby we're having you can go right now
to patreon it's even you can see the
whole video where we find out what we're
having and it's really easy anybody can
help all you have to do is give it's
okay if you want college you can stop
for one dollar okay man I get it you
don't have a dollar and you're in
college the videos are still gonna be up
twice a week on YouTube but this is just
for people who can afford to go a little
bit deeper into the experience no you
don't play yourself signed up to be a
patron so you can support will be doing
on the Internet don't laugh at me so
what do we need the support and making
these videos take time and I like to get
a little bit more consistent and a
little bit better at it so the support
is gonna help me with better equipment
babysitters for editing time saving up
for a home birth you know this is taking
up a lot of time away from music which
I'd like to kind of supplement the
income with that I appreciate the
support I've been giving out free
content all year and this is an
opportunity for you the viewer to listen
to the watcher the one being entertained
to give back patron is easy to start all
you have to do is click the link below
and it'll take you to my patreon page on
the right hand side you'll see orange
button that says become a patron there
you can pick the tier that you want to
start
thank you for watching belief in
you're welcome thank you for watching
please refer far away
