Casey nice that just ended his daily
vlog what do we do now you know how like
they're trendsetters and they're people
who kind of lead the way this guy is the
leader he's the first person that even
inspired you to do it god I've never
watched the vlog until I saw his I
didn't even make I didn't even make
videos until I saw his alone I have to
say that I'm kind of I'm not in shock
because I kind of knew it was coming
because he was slowing down and wasn't
as consistent but I'm actually more
thankful and grateful because of him now
Casey nice that is not only amazing
cinematographer but he's just all-around
good guy
he's the guy your room used to die that
it's kind of like the hero of the story
that doesn't always have it all together
but he knows how to get it done if it
wasn't for Casey believe her father who
wouldn't exist and the mission that I
have and kind of like more my my purpose
in life I would I would I would
definitely be more on a different route
kasing nice name so Casey even though
you're stopping the vlog we still salute
you we congratulate you for starting a
lot of the things that we had inside of
us and igniting that fire igniting that
fire that we couldn't ignite ourselves
you did that you were you were the spark
I've been an MC and a rapper for a long
time now
but this this vlog this youtube series
that I started has gained more traction
than anything else I've ever produced
and you show me that all it really takes
is hard work and in creativity and you
can kind of make away from yourself so I
know a lot of people are sitting there
like oh man what am I gonna watch now
what am I gonna do and they're probably
upset at you but I'm more excited just
for what you've given me you notice that
like you've given me more than a lot of
the leaders I thought were gonna give me
you you gave me more inspiration and
knowledge and understanding as far as
video is concerned I'm a black father I
am a very president black father and in
the media we are looked down upon and
it's kind of like we're not there for
our kids and my series is to show that
there are such things come everybody my
videos show that you know black fathers
do exist come here come here come on I
want to tell you something Casey doesn't
make videos anymore
well because he said he's gonna walk to
something different now how you said no
he's gonna be okay you think so
you like watching taste these videos no
do you like watching cases videos oh you
like my videos okay okay well Casey's
the one who started me doing the videos
say bye Casey
