vo yeah do I know where we're going my
apple-picking
what you don't want to go apple picking
trying to get me out of an apple baking
well I can try to all by myself
Theo I Bowl pinky and then we get to
make an apple pie when you pick apples
that you could twist them off the tree
instead of just pulling them off because
if you pull them off you can actually
break branches off of the tree and that
actually sends the tree into shock and
apple trees take a really long time to
recover from that and they can hurt
business for future years so how many
look at me what's the problem okay okay
so what are you crying for okay okay so
you're gonna get apples but I told you
before you don't cry because you don't
get what you want
did you get a pop when you cry for no
reason are you crying for no reason okay
wipe your face off you're gonna get
apples you're gonna be fine
stop crying the finest ingredients are
right in the mix
your finger
taste it man come on D I'll do it my
wife asked me if we could go apple
picking and I'm like the oldest apples
at the store so we drove two hours
northeast to handpick apples that were
three times more expensive than the
apples we usually get at the grocery
store now to me a practical man that is
very irritating because it almost seems
like a waste of time
but this was never about apples why only
make mills where you can make memories
as well I mean you got to eat anyway see
I know it's way more convenient to go to
the store that's ten minutes away to go
get apples but we have an opportunity to
teach our kids where apples come from
see it's not always about logic
sometimes it has everything to do with
the adventure and the process the memory
in doing something that you can only
experience when you take a break from
the norm
