and well lemon held away klemish house
and then my gum is my friend bananas I
the greatest gift you can give a parent
besides their children of course is
loving and supporting grandparents
grandparents that want to be involved in
it
grandchildren's lives kind of magical I
mean you really can't ask for anything
better than a grandparent that wants to
be involved but it does come with some
side effects see the goal of a
grandparent is to treat the grandkids
better than they ever treated their own
children why I have no idea I think it
has something to do with their parents
treating their kids better than they
treated them and then that has to do
with the grandparents parents treating
their kids better than they treat it's
just the cycle that just keeps going
over and over and over again you see
grandparents have really good intentions
but so the kids don't act the same when
they come back from Grandma's house
because it's kind of like a fairy tale
land
I'm sure you did a lot of grandma songs
we're gonna talk about that as well a
place where our rules last only until
the tantrum starts that's how you feel
that's how you feel yeah keep it real
keep it real yeah that's how you feel
that's how you feel yeah right Bo Ryan
Ryan do had at first buddy no I saw you
you had the big broom deal had the small
broom give it back to him please come on
Ryan give it back to him please River Oh
cry me a river
you dodo dodo dodo Z the other thing
that's pretty obvious with you when you
come back from Grandma's house is that
you're a lot more whiny and you need to
cuddle a lot more sometimes when they
come back from Grandma's house they come
back 6 ah stop coughing in his face
right
stop whining already did it what is that
yes I am no that one yeah yeah similar
yeah I got it yeah
hey what you gonna do with down your
hand gonna eat it oh yes right so right
doesn't have a background it's a big
day's a big deal right Bo do you have to
go potty okay bride doesn't have a
diaper on we're trying to potty train
him and get him fully into underwear so
we're excited about that
clap it up for that also I've been
working my behind off I had a photo
shoot someone knew the real bloggers
whenever starting a photo shoot good
idea with the beanie
okay so when you're when you need money
I didn't know what I had to do so I knew
that I just had to work harder that was
my first responsibility as a father as a
husband and also I started editing
videos so a buddy of mine needed a video
edited for
music video and so I've been editing his
video so all this money is what I got
from working you got money - all this
money I made it is going strictly to
have a home birth it's not that we had a
bad experience at the hospital any time
we've been at the hospital we have great
care there this is that I seem like I'm
in the way like a Conda there and
they're like yeah make yourself
comfortable but I'm really in the way
and so for us we wanted to bring this
next baby into our home in a very smooth
transition and my wife and she's never
took any pain meds and one of the books
that really helped her with that process
was this book called super natural
childbirth which I'll link below this
money is like deposit money for the home
birth
so I have to pay this to the Midwife
this right here is 900 bucks that's one
of the reasons why I think patreon will
be a great thing for us because it would
also help us save up for this child burn
would you say deal it was to make one of
the cow Nicolay and then it was like it
was like oh my gosh why did you see that
town over there do you guys like the
chick-fil-a cow no did they Kelly Jake I
don't like him
riah do you like the chick will eat oh
no I can't
one increasingly we are so scared
indicator doesn't daddy
there was a real traumatic experience
with the chick-fil-a calm ah
right Bo adjust yourself
everybody that's going to slides all
right deal which one you want to go down
Raya Raya why you tripping okay no no
come on come on what to the car
grandma's house grandma's house
grandma's house by myself grandma's
house grandma's house grandma's house
grandma's grandpa's grandma's house
grandma's house grandma's house from us
how scram I'll spare myself poor guy
no one knows what your table
Neil come on what's your side did you
say you want to go to Grandma's house
I'll bet you do hey what can I get from
ice house is over
