Raya don't go to sleep buddy about to go
out don't pass up clothes
so I've never claimed to be the perfect
parent because I'm not this footage is
just a glimpse of what can happen if
you're not present as a parent if you
leave a toddler alone for even a moment
the outcome could be catastrophic I mean
it really could it could change
everything
9 10
ready or not here I come got your babies
yeah
you guys suck it you made a mess in your
room how so daddy okay hold on hold on D
are you okay
you freak enough you got that stuff oh
yeah
is that what you upset stop eating the
crayons you draw on Papa's couch with
the crayons you know you got to get a
pop no why shouldn't I pop you because
you made a mess
please don't put that in your mouth hey
hey hey hey hey hey wait a minute wait a
minute
where did you get that from you played
yourself give me that
what happened all that so
you don't know well how did he get in
the sing come here is that my toothbrush
yeah very depressed why did you have it
in your mom no wait what happened oh who
did that who you what were you doing
what were you doing Theophilus you
better speak up it stopped
what were you doing you don't know what
you were doing you just broke your big
evening he broke his brother's piggy
bank he still has shots fired
hmm what's that on your hands except nah
yeah yeah it was it was um where'd you
find it
bette shut ah you did not oh my god the
cable turned off coming right come on
you smell your breath Theo you can't
just help yourself to mommy stuff that's
mommy's buddy mm-hmm
yeah what's wrong what happened Ryan
look at me what happened to you what
happened what did you do did you pass
gas say excuse me
you put yogurt on brother well how did
he get yogurt on him so how did he get
yogurt on him so who put the yogurt on
Briar bow thank you guys for watching
belief in fatherhood I appreciate every
subscription every view every share
every like every comment even though I
don't get to comment back all the time
because I'm literally taking care of my
children or my family and working and
stuff but I do appreciate you guys for
watching if you dig the content Oh real
quick
what up no I got a visitor if you dig
the content share it don't be a hater
don't worry about us blowing up and
people finding out about who we are just
share the cup there will be some merch
soon but I can't reveal it right now so
what up janae is my is my homie in the
back
hi
