okay I'll be right back I wanted to stop
for a moment and say thank you for while
we reached 10,000 subscribers and I
never said thank you and now we're at
11,000 so thank you again I really
appreciate everyone who subscribes who
clicks that subscribe button and just
makes it official meaning I want to be
notified with something that's going on
I want to keep up that just means the
world to us this episode today is it's
just a short episode we had a birthday
party for my goddaughter Ariana and I
just wanted her to have our own little
special moment and so I'm working on
this other episode about what the heck
is going on okay I'm working on this
other episode about teaching the kids
how to be responsible for their finances
they got some chores and all that stuff
and things are going pretty well with
that episode it's just that I'm running
out of I think's going pretty well with
it I just thought I'm running out of
space on my computer so I'm gonna open
up the tip jar I'd never do this but I'm
gonna open up the tip jar with this one
episode and if you want to give that'd
be awesome and maybe I could buy a new
hard drive external hard drive news we
are coming up on a year of belief and
fatherhood October 19th is the day that
I put out the first episode on this
channel and so we're at a year so what
that means is that season three starts
so I decided that I'm not gonna just
stop you know like I did last time and
take a break I'm just gonna keep going
but the format is gonna change for
instance
I'm kind of at a crossroads where I'm
putting a lot of energy into this and if
you didn't know I'm a rapper full time
like that's what I do for money and so I
don't have an album out right now but I
have important a lot of energy and time
it's a believer fatherhood
and and so for me to be doing this well
I need to make some income so I'm
thinking about going to patreon and I
know that makes you guys a little
nervous but I would still post an
episode on Mondays the Thursday episode
will go on patreon so if you want to
kind of go further and deeper into the
story patron it's gonna be the way to go
but before I do that I really want to
know the interest hey yo yo yo share
your weight yarn to wear it hey right
bow
go get it diaper kid okay was I saying
let me know if you would be interested
in joining me as I travel toward patreon
I'm just curious what patreon is is like
a crowdsourcing thing where people just
you know give a dollar or five dollars a
month just to keep up with us and get
the kind of more behind-the-scenes stuff
so let me know if you're interested in
that if you're not if no one's
interested enough well I'm really
enjoying posting these videos I do have
an episode of explaining how I do all
this coming up soon but yeah once again
thank you 10,000 subscribers and um I
will see you on Thursday
chocolate babies y'all want to say
bye-bye before Fire Lord
what say it again you got a boogie let
me get it
