I have to vent don't get me wrong I
appreciate very much anyone walking up
to me and telling me how adorable they
take my children are it means a lot it's
very nice I just want to make sure
that's clear before I kind of move on to
this next topic something that's
particularly annoying for me just being
a parent and I didn't really notice it
before I was a parent often times when
I'm out and about with my family I'll
have my kids in a stroller who literally
walk past me like not even make eye
contact with me see my children and just
interact with them and not in a way that
I appreciate sometimes in a very
condescending way my children really
don't respond well to baby talk oh my
goodness you're so my children really
don't respond to that they just say hi
you know they they talk like grown-ups
so when people come over to them
speaking this foreign baby language
doesn't really connect they don't really
make a connection would you say that's
true Theo
no yes would you say so you're right
yeah see we don't really talk to our
kids that way because I feel like it's
just unrealistic of how they're gonna be
treated for the rest of their life and I
don't really want to like put in their
minds that people are going to talk to
them a certain way because they're small
and cute and by the time they turn 8 it
just goes all downhill I prefer it if
one you don't speak to my kid like they
are an idiot you don't speak to my kid
like they are they just talk to them
like they're grown-ups I appreciate it
it's number two if you see a parent with
the child don't assume that that child
wants to be a friend that child doesn't
know you my kids don't like you that
your stranger to them and so it's good
for you to understand that I hate to be
the rude guy but I feel like I have to
say this because most of the time when I
go out in the body they kind of walk up
and they just assume that my kids want
to hug them or want to be held or want
something to do with them and it's like
yo you're freaking stranger I've never
seen you before in my life kick rocks
that's what my kids think I mean I can
tell that because their whole body
language changes when they turn their
face away it's not that they're being
rude don't say that they're mean they
don't know you you're a stranger get out
of his face number two don't assume that
other people's kids want to be your
friend I don't care how many kids you
got how many grandkids again it's just
not true
I will see what you got to say boss okay
number three this is the most important
rule when you're out and about you see
someone who is adorable you see a little
baby you think okay I already spoke to
the parent and I've already made a
connection with the baby let me reach my
finger out and don't touch my kid what
is wrong with you why would you assume
that it's okay for you to put your hand
on my child's face for any reason at all
whatsoever it's like ridiculous like you
can't touch his face you can't touch his
hair like you know you know any people I
wanted to slap in the face because they
touch my child and you thought would go
to jail for that I remember one time I
was at church I was minding my business
my kid was out running around with all
the other little babies out there so he
ran close to this lady she thought it
was okay to pick him from behind and
swing him around and go I almost lost
that I said excuse me do you know me and
now it's just so cute what does that
have to do with anything that is my
child if I a black man picked up anybody
and said we we I be we we wean myself
off to jail you don't understand it's
not okay for you to touch other people's
children I don't care what your
affiliation is a what are you picking
your freakin brain don't touch my kids
every concerned parent thinks it you
can't touch you can't kiss them you
can't do anything like that just keep
your hands to yourself that's all we ask
so these hands will be the biggest
problems in your life the question of
the day what are the top three rules for
strangers towards your kids do you apply
them
