that's running late for work
it will start but don't stop not even
out of light take back roads so you
don't have to go to a knife remember I
told you our car was broken down my
buddy let us borrow this car so our car
is giving this car some juice this car
isn't working and it's passed some of
the class he has to be work at 7 o'clock
so that means we have to wrap this sale
just try it again
look at this
it's smoking she can't drive this car so
now for like the third time our car is
done you have a charger for your home
have a good day
thanks man buzz did you get a hug and
kiss for mommy
I wouldn't ice cream candy
you want ice cream and candy for
breakfast yeah I know I think I already
eat candy what a drink candy
and I want to do Oh dad your mom said
that you could have candy no no and
ivory mommy said okay I'm gonna call her
neck
okay we're here tonight with our main
event in the red corner fighting out of
Elmo's World
probably got a Cookie Monster's kitchen
we have the terrible two foot tall
phenom just use the potty for the first
time still wearing diapers
Rio beau Pires yeah all right sit back
down
okay out of this corner the red corner
I'm with the red corner fighting out of
Elmo's World
we're good blues and white tighty
whities standing a three foot one inch
tall 28 pounds
Ray said flag fun dude fun
holy don't you know they're right near
Big Bang boil it come to your bucket boy
down your street life stop my life stop
the keys here never go to class without
water
oh it seems that Theo he has got another
weapon he's coming down stair with
nunchuck nunchucks
oh he's convulsing
boys will be boys not all boys are like
mine some boys enjoy cuddling more than
they enjoy fighting some would rather be
read a book then to jump off the stairs
and that's okay it's important for me to
let my children be children day they
offer the art my children aren't more
significant than your children because
they act a certain way or they're a
certain color they're just kids and so
we celebrate our kids no matter what
they like to do just because of who they
are they the kids sometimes you got to
let them run wild so they can figure out
who they are but it's all about knowing
your children in the only way you can
get to know something is if you study it
I've been thinking about this philosophy
of studying the people that are in my
life figuring out what makes them tick
figuring out the type of things
excitement maybe I have a future box or
UFC champion on my hands or a scholar an
artist I don't know but I'm hoping to
figure that out by allowing them to be
free in their activity so tell me what
are your kids into look my dog knows
only your biggest problem in life these
hands do you know what's gonna be your
biggest problem in life yeah
