yeah okay come on you don't yeah okay no
about what is a baby please lay down
can I yell at you no I love you okay I
love you too right why why do you love
me love me there's only one thing I know
for sure I am NOT a perfect parent but
being a father has given me the perfect
perspective on how God sees me in almost
every moment I spend with my children I
can see a lesson they're teaching me see
I love my children because they're mine
we share the same blood and there's
nothing that they can do to make me stop
loving them see they think black fathers
don't exist and that's a lie
we are here chasing after our children
raising lovely them and giving them all
the tools they need to change the world
so no I'm not a perfect error but watch
me as I figure it out subscribe to our
YouTube channel share your favorite
video and let the world know that you
believe in father
