Papa has to go what um I have to go on
the airplane why an app no to go on an
airplane to go work what what women want
to Seattle mm-hmm yeah see oh I'm gonna
help my buddy
yeah Andy
so I gotta go bye bye and I'll be back
three
he always been a crazy week working up
here with addy
Chad from Kings kaleidoscope and Daniel
still learning a lot man just about how
to like work well with others and uh I
don't know it's time has just been
really beneficial even for my peace of
mind and just having like a long time to
reflect how great my family is and how
important it is to spend time with them
I had a home tonight so I'm excited to
see the boys exciting to see bed and get
back to some normalcy
we live in Bainbridge Island going back
to Seattle I got a flight to catch in
like five hours but man this is dull
well I made at home you are done we were
today gonna get everything this'll be
good
give it a minute ago
okay I'm happy to be home excited I made
it home just in time for our wedding
anniversary which is tomorrow you'll be
seeing this and it'll be yesterday so um
August 7th 2016 is our 6th wedding
anniversary and uh I want to tell you
guys a story about wedding writing down
my vows hour before the wedding
now that would seem irresponsible to
some but to me I'm right on time you
know what I'm saying so right over here
right Osaka
right so let me get this time you know
marry a woman about dreams if there's a
such thing as a perfect wedding act for
like hours was it the amount of family
and friends that came together to make
our day special was amazing
we lacked nothing our entire wedding
costs $5,000 a lot of people just
blessed us a lot of people did favors
and went above and beyond the wedding
was something that we put a lot of
energy time and effort into it took nine
months to plan we spent nine months
working on one day after the wedding was
over it was just me and my bride and
then everything got real I realized I
was responsible for her and she realized
I wasn't going anywhere but looking back
six years I'm so thankful that I chose
Yvette to be my wife I know that she is
perfect for me
I feel like we both hit the jackpot now
from the outside looking in our marriage
may look like somewhat of an example but
I want to be honest with you when I tell
you it's hard when you're choosing who
you want to be with for the rest of your
life when you're choosing your spouse
when you're making that decision make
sure you choose well make sure that that
person is in it for the long haul make
sure they don't have an escape route and
though things may be hard right now it
doesn't have to be how the story ends
good women aren't really found they're
flourished you invest in them and then
you'll see your investment bloom
eventually you don't really find the
perfect person for you they become
perfect over time so even if you're in a
relationship right now and things aren't
the way you think they should be don't
give up give it time
there's things about me that I would
never prefer to do in the beginning of
our relationship but I know for the
benefit of my wife it's okay for me to
do those things even if it makes me
uncomfortable and over time I've learned
that and there's still things in my life
I'm like hey I don't want to do that
that's uncomfortable for me over time
I'll probably do it just because I'm
learning to love her more so things are
rocky right now I get it
it's not supposed to be easy so stick in
there we'll see you at year seven
