Oh
yes this right here is a package from
gee mom mailtime will open it
$50 to build-a-bear woo okay so we're
gonna go build-a-bear yay all right
right let's go Temecula supposed to be
like wine country amazing but this is
nothing up here but hotness it just
feels like somebody's constantly like
yeah like on your face on your neck on
your back is just hot out here and one
of our cars just broke down it's gonna
cost us 18
hundred dollars to get it fixed we're
now driving the car with no a/c is it a
here
No
No start walking really doesn't jump but
just carry it
what are you recording
you know Kerry oh gosh this mr. celerity
this will come out was it awkward so
what just happened was I put my camera
in the elevator to get the doors opening
from the inside but the door is closed
too fast so I had to run up the stairs
super super super fast to try to make
sure someone didn't steal the camera
we'll call it a one but the blue one
that's the red you want the red ninja
turtle
can you tell me if you like him with
your brothers now
the finest ingredients are right in the
breaks sometimes I get congratulations
on having a family usually from men who
are stuck in their adolescence and they
say I'm proud of you and then say
eventually I'm going to settle down as
well and I just want to explain
something to you
if you think for a second that having a
family is settled you've lost your mind
see when you get married you learn
sacrifice and because we are less
selfish and we used to doing things for
ourselves mostly getting married could
be quite the drastic change for anyone
you're married and not only are you
responsible for yourself but you're
responsible for your spouse and if
you're a man that's leading your spouse
spiritually physically emotionally all
that is definitely a challenge
especially because it's hard just to
lead yourself in that way and then you
have children and once you have children
your life is just a roller coaster and
you're going along for the ride you
never know what awaits you at the next
turn you just brace yourself and hold on
for dear life
and let's just say you're blessed enough
to have another kid now both you and
your spouse on two separate
rollercoaster rides try not to fall off
and die see when you have people in your
life to sacrifice for I feel like that's
when life really starts I said all that
to say there's no such thing as settling
down when you have a family because you
realize that your purpose is gonna
outlive you and your work ethic is the
only thing that allows you to provide
for your purpose
Oh
you
you don't write a few okay
