hey wassup y'all my name is belief you
were watching belief in fatherhood and
I'm gonna thank you so much for watching
I make videos about how great it is a
father and how much I learned by being a
parent in this video isn't no different
I've been doing a series about peer
pressure I pranked my kids and I put a
king-size Reese's Cup which are four
cups in front of them I left the room
and I put a phone underneath the desk
and I pretended that I was the candy
trying to tempt them to see if they were
gonna listen to my initial command which
was not to eat the candy and I put out
two videos featuring both of my son's
Theophilus and Uriah and the videos came
out to be some of the funniest videos
that I've ever done in this channel but
there was a lesson from this but we'll
be getting into that though I want to
discuss some of my favorite comments and
some my favorite parts of these videos
first big shout out to Vanessa she's one
of our patreon supporters beat her for
life she says great lesson but peer
pressure is not always a bad thing you
can be pressured by your peers to do the
right thing also you can be rewarded for
doing what is wrong - which is a good
point I didn't even discuss that and
thank you so much Vanessa for bringing
that to my attention
j-mac said that's the beautiful that the
first thing they do when the candy
starts talking a sign of danger or when
they know something isn't right it's the
call for their dad it shows that there
are open lines of communication and
trust that they will go to their parents
as soon as something is wrong which is a
good point Jay Mac I thought the same
thing it was interesting that they
calling me first and so I love that yeah
yeah Shana Johnson Coleman said I hardly
leave comments but this is so
heartwarming to watch I saw your eyes
video too and even though they were
scared to get in trouble they also trust
you lol their faces were calling your
name we're more of a dad I need you come
help me the temptation is getting strong
lol and getting to see them enjoy those
Reese's was so satisfying this was
priceless native moon says and she
brought up one of my favorite parts of
your eyes video I love how you said I
love you twice in both times the
reaction was yo Ryan knew something was
up and bless him for resisting the candy
pressure I love you
you
okay okay David Tina says lmao oh this
is what I imagined I felt like in the
garden when the snake was talking to her
hilarious video I felt so bad for you
Riya Danny SAP said if only a riot a
broccoli like he ate Reese's peanut
butter cups and this has been a running
joke on this channel
Mariah hates broccoli some of those
things we know he doesn't like to do and
he was macking and smashing down those
Reese's Cups after the whole thing was
over you can see Theo taking these small
bites and Uriah like had like no control
and just smashed the whole thing in his
mouth and it was one of those things
where like I had to zoom in because it
was just so hilarious how fast he was
eating the candy and even after that
he's looking at do and Theo's got like a
whole Reese's Cup left after he smashes
his one
he's like brother there's sterile
there's story she's over there but John
Nardi I'm not good like what are you
gonna do but then you let me have some
or what but Theo wasn't having it
actually he shared with me and I love
that too and another one of my favorite
comments was Asian Marine who said
there's a sermon in here somewhere
yo this is hilarious there's a lot going
on in this video as soon as I left the
room both of them took an initial taste
they just wanted to see if it was candy
nah yeah that's candy all right
and they just kind of like sat there and
just thought about how did I get myself
into the situation you can just see
their wheels turning
vo though like after I left he took a
little taste and then he started to had
this like dialogue this monologue with
himself he can be talking to the can't
even said I don't know what he was doing
but he was going in like just talking it
just was amazing to me how he just
started talking to himself and then
uriah on the other hand completely
lamented you could just see the pain in
his face when the Reese's called out to
Theo he ignored it at first which I
thought was interesting and Uriah's eyes
got super big when he heard he just was
so surprised and you could see on his
face like what net heck is going on and
then later on he started talking to him
something was like my dad like he was so
scared and I just wanted to reach
through the video as I was editing
outside it's so sad
don't dad then I was like do your
douchebag but I know there was a lesson
on the end of this so and then when your
riah got caught eating the candy when I
walked in and he just kind of was like
dad he started like breaking everything
down to me like look man I know what
this looks like I know how it looks but
let me explain to you what is going on
now when we get into the takeaways of
this video I want you guys to check out
this commercial I made this commercial
was featuring Uriah I have a new product
unless you guys check it out
that's right y'all for all our childish
parents out there we have our toddler
tears mug right on the belief and
fatherhood website so go ahead and click
that link right there if you want to
purchase one of these enjoy it now I
want to kind of hit on some points that
were really important for me about these
two videos this little series I did on
peer pressure I was really proud of the
outcome I don't know if Bo or Uriah are
really listening and taking in what
we're saying as parents I don't know if
they care about what what the results
are for their actions but this video
showed me that they do care they they
are aware of what happens when they do
when they listen versus when they don't
listen it was very encouraging for me as
a father and I know for my wife as a
mother to see that they are paying
attention to our voices ultimately I
felt like our parenting is working one
of the things that made me kind of sad
about the video is that their motivation
for doing the right thing was the
results of their actions like they were
going to get in trouble that was the
thing they kept saying is and I'm gonna
get in trouble I'm gonna get in trouble
my my dad's gonna get me in trouble
yeah our parenting is working but is it
working for the right results in a
perfect world like I would hope that my
kids are encouraged to do the right
thing because it's just right you know
not because they have a negative outcome
so I think what we'll do in the future
is try to do more positive
reinforcements now that the kids can
understand the logic of me doing the
right or wrong thing this is there's an
outcome to that a lot of people brought
up the whole Adam and Eve comparison how
this is what Adam and Eve must have felt
like when they're being tempted by the
serpent and the interesting thing about
that is that we don't give Adam and Eve
enough grace like we don't know how long
the tree was in the garden and they were
sitting there looking like yo that's
tempting but no you know or how long the
conversation was between the serpent
and Eve and Adam like how long did that
conversation happen was it was it only
those words or was it always a kind of
like paying man that fruit looks so much
better than all the other fruit you know
we don't know what happens but the
interesting thing is that my kids have a
lot of faith in their father's words one
of the things that they use as weaponry
to combat the temptation was to remind
the temptation and themselves what their
father's words were my father said no my
father said we'll have some later my
father's gonna share they know my
attributes they know things about me so
they knew what the right and the wrong
thing was to do and they know how to use
my words and the truth about me you know
for their benefit you know which was
really encouraging for me and and this
was big for me because I realized at
that moment that the kids have more
faith in me than I do in God you know
that was a that was a hit to my chest a
hit to my sternum where I was like dang
they really believe what I'm saying you
know what I mean and how much more do I
rely on God being Almighty than they do
on me like they trust me more than I
trust God and I was like incredible for
me to see that okay I'm in the rest of
this video with ania because she is an
ayah so I don't pretend to be a preacher
or anything like that but if I get a
word I'm gonna share it in one of the
videos don't lick my hand one of the
scriptures and I know several scriptures
could apply to this video but one of the
scriptures that got me was Galatians 6:9
that's one of my favorite scriptures of
all time and basically the scripture
says let us not grow weary in doing good
work for at the proper time you reap a
harvest if you do not give up and so
that's one of the things that I feel
like I'm supposed to convey to you is to
not give up right now in doing the good
you know what I mean because I feel like
God has more for us on the other side of
temptation then we can muster up or
grandma or sneakily like take on that
side you know what I'm saying so if
you're doing something good doing good
work continue to do it you know what I
mean like don't rule that was like my
early days and belief or fatherhood I
just
and like I'm putting a lot of work into
this a lot of effort and I don't really
know if it's reaching anybody and then
just like that it hit everywhere and so
yeah that's my encouragement for you I
hope this child isn't too loud in the
mic but be encouraged know that we are
trying our hardest to make the best
content we can make sure that you
support us by a toddler tears mug they
are they're dope I think they're I think
they're super cute you like this okay no
because you're gonna break it
I'm gonna put this video on a playlist
with the rest of the Reese's Cup
temptation peer pressure videos so make
sure if you want to share this with
anybody share the whole series with them
are you ready to go to sleep and make
sure you guys check out how married are
you that's my wife and I spot cast we
love doing it it's something that we
feel like it's just something that we
can do together and I feel like we're
helping out a lot of single and married
people so if you are in a relationship
and you're not in a relationship you're
married whatever the situation is be
encouraged and I'm gonna let my
brother-in-law John Gibbs take us out
with this new single to steppin and
we'll talk to you later protect life
keep network property you guys so much
for watching talk to you soon peace
peace
two fingers
my
