I have ever told you the reason why I
started doing belief in fatherhood this
program D I've never explained this to
you and I never really wanted to because
it seems like kind of like my my secret
that I like to keep but because of
everything that's going on right now I
feel like it's very important that I
explain to you why I'm doing this so you
won't feel like had or misled I'm black
I'm very black I'm dark skinned them I
love the more chocolate region of black
people and I know that the perception of
black people in America is mostly
influenced by the media and music and
images we choose to display and we
choose to be entertained by however what
you see is not that normal
when I started believing fatherhood my
goal was to help change the norm and
what you believe black people live like
we have the same desires as everyone
else
we're human you know
part of me feels kinda hopeless when it
comes to trying to help people
understand who we are because when a
black person dies by the hands of the
police the first thing I hear from
people on the opposing side is well he
shouldn't have been and regardless of if
you're breaking the law or if you're
doing something right
death is still death like people dying
is horrible regardless of the faith race
sexual orientation political party place
of origin culture language death is just
horrible and so I'm probably going to
lose some subscribers for this one
because everyone wants to have fun and
be entertained but some images aren't
entertaining
I watched I watched two men die in less
than 24 hours by the hands of the police
and that is a reality and those are
images that I can't take out of my mind
and so if you're purposely trying to
avoid these videos because you don't
want to be upset I totally understand
you it's really depressing to see but
it's almost undeniable that there is a
problem the next part of the argument
goes well what about when blacks kill
blacks I also have an issue with that
violently I don't condone any death
especially from the hands of someone who
looks like me in growing up in Baltimore
I felt the tension just walking around
the city for me it's very important that
my two sons the chocolate babies still
in uriah know that they're normal and
they're not at a disadvantage because of
their color I don't want to believe
that's true even though I see it all the
time in the media I want to believe that
we have the same rights and goals as
everybody else but that's just not the
case so when you see me put out these
videos just know my goal is to change
the mindset is to change what's normal
to you I want my family to be normal
people like me black people I want that
to be normal to you let's do it together
one
I want you to see us living our lives
having fun enjoying growing up and
watching our kids grow up in getting
into little shenanigans getting upset
being sad I want you to see that as
normal that's the goal for belief of
fatherhood is to change what's normal to
you if you're on the side that says hey
well I don't believe that there's a
problem and the cops were justified
watch the videos and before you say he
shouldn't have been take a time to just
think about what just happened like a
soul was carried away we like we
literally watch the spirit of men being
moved like we watched them die slowly
twice last night I wrote a song
dedicated to outs and sterling
but for Lando the man who died today I
just wept man I just wept like I
couldn't take it I couldn't and so from
our family to yours like I love
everybody you know what I'm saying but
there's a special thing that I have for
my chocolate babies you know I'm
responsible for them and you wouldn't
want to see them go and die but you know
ten years from now they're gonna look a
lot different but they're still the same
souls
I just wanted to say that to you I'm
sorry for the pain of the families and
even their like the pain that the cops
wives and families are going through and
everybody connected in a community
because it doesn't just hurt the black
people like it hurts everybody like in
death everyone loses and I don't believe
that we're gonna change things until we
change the narrative until we make it
normal to see black lives being cared
about in every situation I believe that
the only way this changes is when we
outnumber them and I'm not talking black
versus white I'm talking about the love
people who have love inside of them
versus people who have evil we educate
our children we multiply we be fruitful
we multiply we make as many babies as
possible that are going to leave
something back on this earth and not
just poison it like you have to you have
to raise your children with intent that
they're going to do something on this
earth and make change and do something
to benefit people and that's why I
believe him fatherhood is what it is
like that's why I do these videos is
because I believe that we are going to
see a change
I don't really know what the plan of
action is but I hope that we see a
better day soon
