when I post on snapchat it's always
amazing so I decided to let you guys see
what I'm doing every week and bring it
to YouTube then why would you do that I
just wanted to I just wanted to take a
shower and you guys do the diapers
everywhere as you know I've been on this
fitness thing I just found out that I
was 194 pounds two weeks ago and I was
feeling pretty heavy set was actually
determined that we coined it I think
I've been kind of killing it this week
with the nutrition yeah this is like the
best happy birthday song every
we got a dip discrepancy here just left
Korean barbecue food on me Eric
Kingsley's birthday and I spent no money
nothing and I ain't nothing I've been
killing an organic chicken eating clean
what up but I'm cooking for the fam the
night over the sausage the chicken
didn't come alone got zucchini mushrooms
I decided to actually step my game up a
little bit I realized that every time I
wanted to cook it took forever to make
the meal so I was like why not trying to
food prep chicken breasts drumsticks
it's right here is marinated with
parsley garlic and salt this right as
curry chicken because you won't stop
talking a little bit more step closer to
being serious with this playing in my
snack so I don't go crazy and I feel
like I'm starting to get more creative
with the meals like I don't really know
what I'm doing understand that I do not
have any culinary experience any
background I just see stuff I like and I
want to remake it
pistachios then they pick up a meat
mallet
I took it some of the process that I use
with music and video and I started to
add it in the kitchen mix it with some
chicken parsley garlic I thought of this
recipe
so if it turns out horrible just blame
my imagination moment of truth but in
this nice little salad right here black
beans eggs carne asada poyo cider
my favorite type of egg is poached egg
and I just love the way when you cut
into it it breaks open like that it's
crazy you know these are homemade the
sweet potato waffles made from sweet
potatoes almond butter some a gues
chicken and waffles like a chant right
there maybe just of course I can so my
wife was like yo I'm gonna have a
bonfires on my birthday so we went and
we had a bonfire wife wanted to make
s'mores and I brought a spare II I so we
out here burn is slow
my wife got the cantaloupe she brought
the s'mores what do I have asparagus
it's levels to this
you had the you're at level 10 right now
bro you're winning right now my level
and if we get in trouble for it we'll
just pay the fine or something
lifeguard said we can't have a bonfire
with wood we have to have a propane but
we're not a program we're not gonna do
it I tried to like on a whim just make
some salad dressing it looked pretty
pretty grow big super big bowl if you
can see how big that is my handcuffed
inside of it of greens just kale baby
orchard something out of them just
realize I'm not my niece of salad
dressing I'm not gonna lie this is one
of the nastiest salads I've ever had in
my life
I totally botched the dressing let's try
this I don't know what I was thinking I
got some red wine vinegar here I'm gonna
be honest with you this looks really
gross looking for me has become more of
a journey than anything else the
dressing was gross but the chicken was
fire question that really matters how's
this pistachio chicken with this Sally
okay no I'm not gonna lie to you the
dressing isn't with the chicken the
chicken is divine it's like which a
grandmother used to say huh grandma that
chicken tastes like it's like this
chicken wasn't slaughtered it chose to
die sacrifice itself for my taste buds
taste like you know your mama put her
foot in it but she actually had another
foot wrong my foot
place it don't shoot
do it forget you dog guess not that neck
but I mean that's just what it is you
know saying like I'm acting here I'm
acting like this is good from you saw
don't die problem with it is what I
don't have taste blood for celery I
don't have taste buds for brussel
sprouts but I will eat it to live and
see my ears I've been letting this
hunger thing get to me I've been so
hungry today I I've had trouble thinking
my goal is to lose 30 pounds 35 pounds
actually to be exact I can get down to
I just think that'd be amazing I don't
want to change my iegs you know I don't
want to change my eating habits so
drastically that I'm not enjoying what
I'm eating you know time said I still
want to enjoy what you can I just want
to eat room and so it hasn't even been a
week yet and I'm already like is this
worth it but of course it's worth it I
just don't know if it's possible you
know every time you don't really good at
something it's always someone who kind
of ruined it you know and they don't do
it on purpose sometimes someone like
bring kick to your house to their life
group someone brought cake I don't even
like cake but she was like you forgot to
celebrate birthdays we always celebrate
birthdays our life group so I baked a
cake like girl why do you bring that
cake over here oh you do that I gonna
say her name but she was like it was
your wife's birthday
it was hobby's birthday and Tracy's
birthday and my wife was like that is so
sweet so I've just been looking at the
cake and now the cakes gone it was a
small piece left variety but I threw it
in the trash
because I don't need that around me
there so the moral of the story for me
is if you bring cake to my house I'm
gonna slap you in the stomach
it's been one week since my heavyset
video when I step step on the scale see
if I lost any weight
one week later 194 I was part of the
hammer time
oh shoot
play a minute first week come believe it
I I lost
it's got to be better better engineering
for this my this one I don't know where
I'm scratching yes like freaking fries
fries get out of did you press record
