throw back some rants what color is your
skin okay so Father's Day is coming up
and I want to be excited but the truth
is it's really hard because Father's Day
is like the butt crack of the holidays
no one really appreciates their say
Brown is my heart goes out too far
random I understand there's a lot of men
who are vindictive hear their
responsibilities the truth is there's a
lot more man taking a cure their
responsibilities and I feel like we need
to shine some light on them so there's a
father out there that you know and he
doesn't have to be your father but if
you know a father who's killing it sure
I made some love on Father's black is
beautiful I feel like most men just want
to know that they're appreciate no one
ever knows what to get their dad for
Father's and it's because you really
don't take the time to get to know your
father and that's the hard part like
everyone's focused at the last minute
about his dad know do we take enough
time to invest into them as mere best to
our other do you like your face do you
like your skin do you like your hair
okay awesome now we got a wash on the
sofa we are kids your relationship with
your father's like he's your hero and
then you realize really soon he's just a
regular guy he's not a stupid
I think that's fair but he's still a guy
you know see I thought when I had kids
that it would be all about my kids you
know that I wouldn't have to worry about
my parents anymore and I can stop
worrying about them because it was time
now for you to focus on my own family
okay wait so when I became a father I
realized how important it is to get a
hug for my son how important it is to
get kisses and to be told I love you for
my son I need that and I haven't been
very offering to my frog like what are
you gonna get your dad for obviously you
probably haven't even thought about it
yet
you know you still got your counting
down the days until you get something
I'm a father not supposed to be giving
much to my children at some point I'm
gonna be one of my children to give
something to me this is one I knew that
I was failing as his son I never want
the hugs to stop
I never want the kisses to stop like I
always want to be desired from my
children let me get all the soap out of
your face yeah you're okay
I for one acknowledged because I know
now how important it was to be a parent
for my dad for my mom and I've been
missing the mark as a son and that sucks
so more than what I'm going to get from
my wife
from my children I think about what I'm
going to give now as a father to my
father because now I kind of get it now
I get it when you listen to Papa you're
gonna be okay all right I believe that
so this Father's Day as you're thinking
about what to get your father think
about the type of man he is the question
is do you know your dad well enough to
get him a gift or should the gift just
be getting to know your father
and I could probably think about some
things my laptop but I think more than
he wants that thing he wants time I
think my father wants time and the same
goes for God like my father in heaven he
wants time with me every day he wants to
spend time with me he wants me to know
him he wants to get to know me he wants
me to be honest with him he wants me to
sit at his feet and just chill you know
and so I'm thinking about all the ways I
can be better to my father and it just
is huge parallel with God
you know how how much it could just be
so simple I can just sit and relax at my
father's feet not bringing anything to
the table because I have nothing to
offer
but my time my attention
