okay you want to sing dia oh you're
saying it's a bitsy spider right right
ball do you want to sing yeah yeah oh
okay ready
Oh MacDonald had a farm eieio and on
that farm he had a cow eieio with a moo
moo here and a moo moo there here a moo
there a moo everywhere a moo moo Old
MacDonald
one day I will shine let's get to the
root one day I will find my children
will climb and touch the branches that
hold the weight of a panda like peaches
out in Atlanta like leaves tasted like
manna promised Amanda you know the man
landed number so I was putting the stuff
from Costco away they all had to go
potty
he went potty peed all over his clothes
I don't know if you get him but that's
him so I have to change his clothes go
to the park he peed all over places
ridiculous all this is Pete yeah come on
come on right Bo did you poop come on yo
Bo was a baby can I let you know you
peed on pants I love you too ring why
why do you love me
see that over this they want to eat this
so I refuse to let it go for ways
yeah it's all warm
you guys ready to go home
this ride is currently closed why I
don't know why but it says right here
there's a height requirement because of
your hair I think you passed the height
requirement you on the other hand you
don't pass the height requirement are we
gonna blame mommy for that because sure
I'm sure - what is mostly mommy's fault
you don't just want more kids we want
daughters we never talked about plural
not daughters
the truth is babe after one I'm probably
gonna want to know oh you want hey
darling you never said daughters I never
did say daughters I've always said I was
just having children until I have got a
daughter but the truth is like once I
get a daughter maybe I'll want or I
don't know I can't believe that's
turning into more than one right now
it's all good it's news I mean no cross
that bridge when you get Barry I'm a boy
child at a time at this point we
probably should just go ahead and like
invest in a minivan next like we have to
get a bigger B
