hold on the meat tonight I gotta finish
doing the dishes and stuff you're
supposed to stand up baby come on stand
up man who peed in the bed this one
readings everyone greetings greetings
greetings fill it to you
what hurts your throat hurts hurts yeah
what else
come on they give you medicine this
morning hello everyone Aiden Stewart
popping someone asked where we're from
we are from San Diego California that's
where we live currently that may change
what's up Chelsea everybody what's going
on your kisses from far away
good morning kisses oh okay all done
so I'm like oh I'm brining some chicken
right now and I have like jalapeno all
over my hands I don't know if you guys
notice but if you cut jalapeno and like
mess with the insides of it the the like
it stays on your hands you gotta like
really scrub your hands like lemon and
all the types of stuff because like my
face is burning right now because I just
touched it so I'm trying to touch the
baby
the kids favorite snacks in the whole
world are ADA
this is our favorite snack this is a
plantain cherry this is a like fried and
dried crisp that is a plantain it is so
fun and it's super sweet where's Ryan
both a hermit a nice cane has me looking
really good she had a hum man he was
looking at some old pictures and I was
so bad can you eat this what do you
don't write you hide him watch it from
Kenny your family is a blessing to us
all who watch such a way to brighten up
everyone's day thank you so much
Stephanie would you ever let someone
produce for you my husband makes beats
and music sure yeah I would I would let
someone produce to me I have producers
who send me beats all the time um just
email it to the email that's in the
About section we have plenty of those
plantain chips where I'm from serving
those in cear√° name I've never even
heard of that
so now they are they have a jalapeno
touch
no it's just really nice that what are
you doing so I was brining this food
over here what's wrong
come here we want Raya is a country in
South America form a dust colony I live
in Amsterdam now though I didn't know
that Kim why did you leave Baltimore you
mentioned in a song but you thought it
was Baltimore toddy ie yeah this is my
ratchet kitchen guys is missing two
light panels we haven't been able to
find the sizes for these light panels
the cabinets are all jacked up what do
you want there's nothing in there for
you baby
guys gonna turn on the light for me
ratchet lights so I got like this
this is like the brine I use so this
right here this isn't like the secret
recipe that my grandmother taught us but
this is super dark here but this is
jalapeno parsley garlic green onion
chili peppers and a little bit of water
that basically I soaked this for you
know sometimes 44 to 24 hours and then
after that a grill it and then this is
basically my portion of lunch for the
whole week my wife I don't know if you
guys know about brining me but my wife
loves brown sugar and salt chicken
thighs like sit that's sitting in
chicken chicken thighs sitting it is for
like 24 hours
you have to open a plantain chip can you
wait please yes ray there's 2 pounds of
salmon is being my dinner for the whole
week I'll cut this up into about six
pounds portions the skin I like to fry
the skin in the kitchen yeah yes you
draw that you want to show to people
with your Bruce okay what is it okay
it's a car yeah all right good job buddy
oh it's a car in the garage let's come
back over here that's good thank you
buddy I appreciate that let's come over
here because the lighting is better okay
anyway we go back to send us questions
the reason why I left Baltimore was
because I was in like I was on like a
lot of trouble okay I was dealing with a
lot of like people who you know mitt me
hung and I was kind of like this real
like dark depressive state and I just
was like really trying to find a way out
and sometimes when you get when you're
from Baltimore hey Ryan bow please thank
you when you're from a place like that a
lot of times we never moved because we
stay safe you have water over there on
the table I just gave you some what are
you talking about the other thank you
this is your water drink this yeah so
when you go into a place when you're
from a place like Baltimore sometimes on
like most places like you you stay there
because it's real it's authentic but
you're also scared to leave because you
don't know what's really outside of your
comfort zone and moving to California
was like a complete risk I didn't really
have a lot of friends here I have like
one friend my sister's here my my dad's
here we want me close like that we were
we were closer though but yeah it's like
one of those things where you don't
really know what's outside of your
comfort zone so I was I was scared to
leave but once I left came out here my
god cover me like that I've joined a
church started doing music I never done
music a day in my life
why are you screaming for what VOP did
you find the puzzles yet okay well
that's all I'll find it for you when
we're done okay yeah so hey guys come
over here and talk to these people with
me I feel lonely yes what is it if it
turns on and works short somebody asked
if I was Caribbean yes someone said here
leaving Baltimore was the best decision
of my life I'm in shine now and I
couldn't see myself anywhere so some
people like wherever you're from you
should leave
right you should leave and go somewhere
else to see what the world is like
elsewhere if you're from shy town moving
the bottom oh might be a great thing for
you if you're from Cali moving to town
might be a great thing for you but you
have to get out of your comfort zone I
think us being where we're from around
the people we grew up with for our
entire life it changes a lot you know if
you move Eglin do you feel like you have
a clear idea the vision of what God
wants for your life
I'm so sorry so many questions here and
I can't I can't I can't I can't get them
all but I'm trying to yeah
I've started to my man 50 pesos in the
building so yes I do feel like I have a
vision for what God I do feel like I
have taken a clear vision and idea of
what God wants for me
and I feel like what that is is you know
be a husband to be a father and then
show other people like the seriousness
of what we have in front of us when we
have kids and in spouses the calling
that you have on your life like I'm
always wrestling I'm always wrestling
with am I being focused on my family am
I to focus on my work and my more focus
on the community and we all wrestle with
these things and I think so some a
different thing about social media is
that people make it seem like they don't
think about that or they have it all
under control
every picture smiling every picture is
perfect and it's like yo you really are
struggling to balance and keep stability
during these times and I don't think you
talk about that enough so I feel like my
main goal is to just be authentic and my
love for my family I love Jesus my love
for the community and I wrestled with
that a lot I'm so sorry I missed misses
so many questions
okay feels hair do I want you to show
them your hair no they just think it
looks nice and they want to see it can
you show it so please yeah come here
so who did you hear Jamie's Jenice yeah
her name is diva curl no it's not that's
not her name is uh
yeah but her Instagram you know I can't
remember right now so sorry I'll try to
link it after this so do you like the
way your hair looks yeah yeah he doesn't
he thinks it looks like cracked and so
these are parts so what she did was she
individually twisted them all and then
she - stranded and five stranded twisted
them together so so like they these are
one that individual dreads twisted
together just to hold in a moment for
you know for a while or whatever so
we'll keep it like this for probably
like four or five days and then we'll
let it out and then you'll have a twist
out and they'll go back to the Karachi
so do is sick he's got like a cold
whatever all right let's go now and get
some more these recipes do you teach to
you about your tech video stuff he's
interested so who did to start yes kind
of what was some like the reading and
spelling aspect of things
nyah you stop that come here come here
nice come here please alright why don't
I let them keep the twist longer
is it twisted like that to make yeah
like so Brit Lilly ask if this is like
to make it crinkly yeah not really it's
really just so that he has a style that
looks good for more longer than you know
because when I do it it only lasts like
two days and it's back to Ratchet you
know I said so yeah what about crap for
parents only so I used to do this thing
where I would review things from the
parents perspective and I'm hella ask
you right now I already know it's
actually morning here in the Henry
household I can juggle but that's not
what that Ford you guys supposed to be
making words with those letters okay if
you're not gonna use them for its
intended purpose I want you to put it
away yeah yeah so I used to do this
thing where I reviewed things from up
like a parent's perspective like tech
things and I think it was a really good
idea
I just wasn't the right person to do it
you know you gotta just make words out
of three letter words
and so I don't think I'm the person for
it that was like my main incentive to
get Yvette on the team is that she would
be reviewing things from parents
perspective nobody's that she was kind
of trying to figure out where she fit in
my universe and so we found out that the
podcast was best for her I really like
to bring crap for parents back because
it's just a great idea and I think we
can add value that other people can't
mmm but not not can't but work really
and so I'd really like to do that I
really like to go and maybe just live on
a single day just kind of look at a
product that we like in and kind of
discuss it
greetings from Germany hello can you
please do a meet-and-greet in there yeah
when we go when I get back there I'll be
sure to do something like
yeah I have subscribed thank you watcher
from Nairobi thank you how's the big
sales going looks how's it going pretty
good I'm gonna put it on Amazon pretty
soon and I'm gonna start pushing it more
in that direction I don't have many left
so after I sell out then I'll pay back
the investors pay RJ and then recoup so
we're real short family so I'm like five
six we're all very short so people will
see me be like yelling you're you're so
so short I'm like I never said I was
tall you know saying y'all assume that
was tall because I'm so close to the
screen that's your fault
that's your thought you thought I was
told I'm sure and I'm cool with being
shit on is not okay clean it up
no okay no no puzzles we're gonna play
we're gonna put in something out yes
you're gonna play something else after
this we can do puzzles later what do you
think feeling Uriah would be when
they're older there will be men who are
careful and self-controlled hopefully
that's what I think
all right yes buddy what did I just say
what did I say nothing you have to wait
you guys aren't doing a very good job
sharing that toy so yeah all right so
let's see here more questions biggest
tip for someone trying to break into
YouTube right now
sure my biggest tip engage with other
Creators be authentically yourself you
trying to imitate someone else is the
worst thing for you
hey guys put that away please solo is
the worst thing for you like why are you
even talking what are you talking about
yeah they see you see you you want to
say something right how to turn on a TV
you wanna watch TV okay you know how to
turn them off you don't know how to tell
me on TV
no okay
what do you like to watch on TV so we
might I don't like to wash
powering my dad so we can't watch
anymore
why can't you watch Power Rangers
because we watch powering a lot time
no no because what what that's on appeal
8k wait this feels time to talk wait no
that's not why that's not why why feel
it's not distracting that's not it it's
because it's because come here come here
girl
it's because they talk about kissing and
boyfriend and girlfriends much so like
I'll be sitting there and they like your
hair Theo and uriah talking and then
you'll hear feeling your riot talking
and then the elbows kisser and like I
don't know him and I'll be like what are
y'all talking about okay so they get it
from like these shows that they watch
and I didn't really realize that was
happening cuz I used to watch Power
Rangers all the time but I was older
like I was like nine you know what I'm
saying but anyway yeah Rugrats used to
be the joint someone said excellent
parents and I stopped my children from
watching Rugrats now don't be that
please when they were little because
Angelica was too rude to the babies yeah
Angelica was further Savage
Mighty Morphin you have you watching
Mighty Morphin that yes I will I will
buddy I know where they're at
nyah stop it your bully stop that please
look she's trying to push her brother
off the chair and her brother just got
that chair from himself that's your
brother's chair don't do don't push him
off okay nice I know know if you're
hurting and move your hand
where you going ain't nobody here mommy
I'm mommy I'm the old person here right
now what do you want you want some water
go ahead get some water
where's your sisters water please
someone help her find it alright so
anyway let's get back to these questions
babe poor baby
haha have you releasing a music as of
late I've been under a rock no I haven't
released any music but there's a dope
project riot go find your sisters water
please
do obeisance probably brother finds
justice water feeds well we'll go get it
go look for I don't know where it is
please Andy Mineo has a album coming out
this Friday and my brother-in-law John
Gibbs drops a single this Friday big
deals I'm really excited about those two
records if you're looking for anybody to
get into Toby nibbly way is really dope
he's based out of Houston I'm sure
everyone knows who he is by now I tried
to collab I didn't try to clap I hit him
up
in like 2015 14 just to reach out to him
cuz I I heard of his stuff and he's been
he's been coke for four years fog here
Oz another artist who's dope he's out of
bullymail is if you're listening any any
type of music nya stop pushing your
brother I don't like it all y'all sick
you coffin to not all the time well you
call him some of the time yeah she was
like crazy bout Elmo right now it seem
like everything is over she says Elmo so
clear do you have any words of
aberration course in this dream so if I
spell how many I don't even know what
you're talking about
Oh words of admiration I do this next
video putting out on Friday though you
have not seen Theo and the Reese's Cup
yes
make sure you watch that I just put that
out last night like 12 make sure you
watch that and on Friday I'm dropping
taste at night it's good you're gonna
like it
bananas other is it time for you to go
to bed already nice
no right oh you're greedy you fall back
you just had home or you want something
that exact here just take this some
people be like yo thank you for doing
what you do because it's like birth
control and I understand that like
kids it just is it'd be a lot of them
sometimes you know I'm saying honey
garden for deals code I'll try to get
him to eat something he don't you don't
listen the chocolate babies are doing
great the only ride any sports which
sports do you play deal is that your
stuff right why you touching it what
they're not yours I don't know well we
need you gonna answer he's right turn
these using karate and parkour those are
the two things he's playing right now I
feel like karate to some he's always
interested in right I please put that
chair down eyes are you ready to go to
sleep if you wanna be honest
parkour is something that he's just into
these likes to jump and run and I feel
like it helps him a lot with the agility
and balance and stuff like that yeah you
want to taste it believe from high
school to manhood a so shout out to Joe
he was one of my youth in the youth
group that I had I feel like we
accomplished a lot making scoop a lot of
the guys were into amazing things so
tryout said that dude Joe baby I think
you're onto the football you're I would
do better football the old probably
great at basketball Chelsea said riah I
think he's he's just kind of like a tank
so I think you would do I think he could
be really good at football but at the
same time like you think the right age
is to get getting married and having
children that is a very good question I
think the right age depends on the
person the maturity the readiness I know
people who got married super young 20
years old stuff like that but they were
super mature I know people who got
married at 36 and still weren't ready to
get married you know saying I don't know
that's a real personal question
she doesn't want that and so it's kind
of its kind of like it depends on the
person in the relationship the maturity
is a big deal some people like the
thought of being married they like being
alone so they magnifies what they know
right
so they sacrifice what basically they
put their loneliness on the altar and
they sacrifice whatever they can just
not to be nice if you come over here and
talk I want to develop a stutter because
these kids keep interrupting what do you
want you want to say something
turning on so we could talk so like a
visit No so all these people right here
that all these things that are on this
all these lines of words these words
have I heard a font a fortnight yes I
heard a fortnight wait so all these
people right here talking to us are
asking this question I'm reading the
answers I'm reading what they're saying
or we're talking right now so I'm just
reading Theo what do you want to say
what do go ahead say Oh billboard
oh you saw you on the billboard yeah
that was a long time ago very red that
was last year I think yeah and the
grammar math yes
and you know who else are you yeah a lot
of these people saw you too because it
was all around the world
yeah hey oh who here has seen the
billboard go get some water please
has anyone here seen the billboard it's
not up anymore but it was up 20
different countries 90 different
billboards really amazing experience
yes I saw the beautiful mom I saw it
here in Atlanta so so many people saying
they saw your billboard you know so many
people said they saw your billboard they
saw in San Francisco it was it was it
was in 20 different countries they said
they saw do is the oldest that one over
there of course she says dad she's just
dead all the time right Bo nya say Papa
say Dada say mommy say grandma see Raya
Wow
say hi Raya say hi Raya see Elmo say
good bye Wow
say black say black oh no she can sit
here say I love love say love you can't
say love say you
she's in between speaking in a sign
language and she can't say Pio yet no
yeah she'll be able to say you trying to
show everybody was in your mouth huh
yeah I know
rise is that kid yo I used to think the
makeup gurus was doing so much with the
eyebrow but you're right so beautiful
your eyes eyebrows are really fake yeah
go drink some more water please stop
trying to open your mouth in front of
the camera that's gross which one you
guys like the best it's okay but you
guys have a favorite it's not okay with
me that favor
even though every parent has a favorite
child I would never say out loud that I
have a favorite uncle knows who the
favorite aids I'm saying
Leo's an evil yes Leo's the Opelousas
name is friend of God in the scriptures
how long we've been doing this 37 so I
love how you discipline the kids I'm
still working on my discipline my
discipline is kind of tribe oh don't do
that man is dangerous a nice hair has
grown out well yes it's taken a while
but it has grown a lot
your sisters adorable how about
listening XXX no I have not I never
really I just never really I have a
listen to a lot of the new rappers like
I had I hadn't even listened to Mac
Miller before he passed away like I was
so busy boom ah yeah I never really
listened to it and I felt bad about that
for sure
he'll believe okay so somebody said Tina
rideable because he's unbothered he is
definitely on bother he don't give you
don't care at all nothing new you ride
who do you care about right Levi that's
the only person who cares about Levi and
I care about you care about the resting
your brother do you care about your
sister UK much a mom your dad so I think
Ryan's gonna be taquitos always at his
friends house I don't care when he gets
picked up he's always trying to stay the
night see I don't like them in a deal is
the kid who's gonna be I wanna go home I
want to see my mom do is like the truth
yeah he's a true KB's amount for sure
you know what I say yeah
Riya just wants to be with his friends
I think Ania yeah but you're gonna have
a time with you know I think Anna's
gonna be a daddy's girl that's the best
is my life theory
I love all of them for different I love
all of them different reasons but Bo as
my heart maybe because he's older and so
I charge all right all right no I didn't
say that at all that's not what I say
some people say they saw your billboard
in Toronto do heavy heavy have I showed
them the baby shark song no they have
never heard the baby shark song you will
never know so you never heard the baby
sharks honest you'll never see it relax
relax
no not Alexa no no may never heard the
other Theo did used to listen to the
daddy finger song but I don't I don't
anything please anything that's gonna
annoy me I I don't do it so like even if
they have toys and they like I don't
like the sound of the toys I take the
batteries out do I ever regret
homeschooling no I do winch what is that
any idea about the keys language
kids love languages feel my team Oh
lovely
I'm not this is the wrong remote put a
bit when I watch oh stop it
Theo Theo I think is gonna be physical
touch he likes to just come along and
just rub your head or like stroke your
back Theo's love language is definitely
a physical touch Uriah
I think it's gonna be quality time and
I'm not sure about an hour yet
can you do a myers-briggs personality
test please I forgot what that is do I
show the kids your videos often what do
they think about it like they like to
watch the videos but not now more than
they like to watch like cartoons and
like stuff that they enjoy like Ninjago
powering they like to watch a lot of
crap so but they don't if worse comes to
worst they'll watch leave father they're
not really into it and it's all for them
believe me fatherhood ideally is for
them when they grow up so the audience
really is those three is the kids you
guys that gets a part two in what
they're gonna be able to look back on it
say oh this is how my dad dealt with
this situation so now that I'm a father
I can think about it like goals or the
tie my dad did it I would do it
differently and I think this is wrong
you know I mean I was wrong in his sense
but here's why I did it and I understand
that but that's you know then like I was
out with a head like that type of
information about upbringing and so but
I'm a very like analytical we
introspective purses so I don't know I
don't know I can't wait to me show was
the next big day I don't know I have no
Oh Seattle Seattle the sometime in
October I think it's the 12th through
the 16th we'll be there
I'm gonna plan one day that we can meet
up with everybody from maybe like a two
or three hour time span the kids and
event and all of us we will all be there
and so come to Seattle around that time
and we'll lecture notes the exact date
preferably it'll be on Saturday so we'll
see about that
please more dope children's songs so
these boring Nursery Rhymes they were
driving me insane yeah all those songs
are gonna drive you insane you're mine
but mine will that's gonna be way more
bumping you know I'm saying so I
definitely put more songs out here I
just finished the biggest project that
I've had to do to date which is the
creator's for change project I just
submitted it yesterday I'm really proud
of the sort of Monday I'm really proud
of how it came out
I'm documenting this story for a long
time and so that's what's been taking up
most of my time that's why I didn't put
a video on Monday is to talk about
iDefense that into sponsored videos and
just just so you guys know like I really
put a lot of time and attention into the
sponsored videos right right please
don't do that
now is that can you please wait okay
thank you
I put a lot of time in those sponsored
videos I want it to feel like I'm
getting paid to do it so I put more
thought and more energy into those
videos and then I send them to the brain
they have to get food and then the video
comes out and they're like 45 days later
we can pay some companies pay you right
you know when you do it's very rare but
I have to wait for approval for some of
these videos so sometimes like I'm just
in the middle of a of a project and a
sponsored video who be doing YouTube is
a lot of work it's a lot of work I love
the song where you can I see me - she
hates it she doesn't
it's all because she knows bedtime she
fights it right what are you doing what
were you doing what why I like that show
him how you were doing it she's young
mister he was in a row an awful position
all right where is he bet he bet is in a
she's in a mom's she does it every
Wednesday morning so every Wednesday
when I go so see I don't understand why
are you doing that so you can do muscles
nyah
why are you hitting yourself Dante bill
thank you so much for being subscribed
to patreon man we appreciate that what
are you gonna do with all their hairs I
don't know I think eventually deal
probably get his hair cut
I've been talking about it lately do you
wanna get you know come here
no every time yeah I don't wanna get why
did you know like you don't but you you
really where I did rifle take that off
of the couch thank you
come here I bow come in do you want to
get a haircut what what
yeah I love the locks and dryer I don't
know what's a variety I think he's just
want to be wild style while I think
we're just gonna take it out let it let
the twist out Rock and keep doing like
Falls that's insurance twisted to twist
out something I'll fade up into it until
it gets too long there may be ya know I
see baby I love these kids for real do
you think there is a hardest phase and
raising and raising a child in what age
or month I wouldn't know I think we've
had a pretty easy CEO when he was born
he had a venous malformation that showed
around five months
that was a deformity in his leg we had
been he had enough surgery for that I
haven't talked about that today I had to
get in the citizen and get it removed
that was a really hard season for us
Anaya has had a terrible case of eczema
and it's been so consistent and hard
like some nights we don't sleep because
she's up scratching I'm scratching her
you know oatmeal baths and joint mints
and all the times to start filing and so
yeah like it's just sometimes it just it
gets hard Uriah when he was 15 days old
he stopped breathing and I had to call
an ambulance to take him to the hospital
15 days old he got left for the first
time and he stopped breathing I was
working in the garage and I heard him
coughing and then he just couldn't
breathe and so it was like it's always
something hard about you know having a
kid and so you never really know what is
the hardest point because you're always
like even when they're 18 they're at
school when something happens or they're
30 and something happens at that point
like you never stop being a parent you
know what I'm saying so there they
always come with challenges and I don't
think we've seen the worst of it I think
you know it's just it's it's all hard
it's another human you know you know how
hard it is to keep some friendships so
raising a child from zero to whatever
you know what I mean like it takes a lot
if she have a prescription for eggs am i
yes she did and it was cool but it was a
steroid so we don't want to keep giving
it to her it's just a lot it's not even
regular eczema like we've people have
sent us so many different czars of
different things that did not work and
we just kept like putting this stuff on
our child and it's just like yo like
eventually we just sometimes we just we
can't deal with it it's it's super hard
you know better I see you looking at me
don't do that put it back that's a
picture frame put it back please yes
Katherine thank you for joining yeah see
tried Neutrogena body wash I don't know
yeah we're still trying to figure it out
we're still trying to figure it all out
yeah if I show your old picture of an
eye it looks so crazy like it looks so
crazy like our face was swollen red and
scabbing and bleeding and cracking
around her chin she just sit there and
do this I rub my opinion on her face
she's just rough yeah peppermint oil
Louis I can't pronounce it your first
name so I'm gonna try but miss Lewis
thank you so much for that
recommendation peppermint oil helps
who's that help soothe the itches don't
bend so Kelsey said instead of doing my
college assignments don't binge all day
don't do that
just do your college this time we will
be here we were we will be here I was
being a stay-at-home dad changed you
changed everything about me I being a
stay-at-home dad has has changed
everything about me even to where like
you think you know everything about a
certain topic until you get into those
shoes and you realize you know nothing
that was what my TED talk was on when I
was on TEDx I talked about like how you
just think you're an expert and you're
not and so what so you can see how to
parenting by listening that Kevin Hart
skit that's what I just did
yay why are you pooping Riya relax all
right
oh yeah so even when it comes to other
people in other races and other sexual
orientations and politics I realized I
don't know everything so I'll give
people a lot more grace I gave you know
I give fathers who work a lot more grace
I give other stay-at-home moms a lot
look grace I give people who have that
one child and they're like I just can't
handle and I have three I'll give them
more grace because when you when you you
know you think that it's hard but it is
hard you know you're sad but you don't
know how hard it could give so you think
this is as hard as it can get
so it's just a lot of grace that I give
so being a stay-at-home father has
changed
they should all be in school I'm a bad
father yeah I mean if you would like me
to give my children away to somebody
else who I've never met before and trust
a system to provide knowledge and care
for my boy if you don't go put some day
um yeah like I'm a bad father because
all my children should be in school hmm
school is a new concept school is a
place where you go to train your teeth
to get your kids trained and ready for
society
now as I went to school I was never
really prepared for the things that I
had accomplished that I needed to
accomplish as a grown man so if you feel
that I'm a bad father for not sending my
kids to school I would uh I would
definitely check your upbringing you
know I'm saying like we have it all
backwards we sent our kids away for
eight hours to let strangers take care
of them and they really don't know their
names for the first three months you
know what I'm saying
my my kids learning it Academy teacher
calls him real every day that's not his
name you don't I'm saying it's so like I
think that's such backwards thinking and
I think anyone who says that is
completely ridiculous and I wish I could
flame you to your face because you've
never seen a person yeah but I see y'all
later I'm about to go handle this
business
I don't know what a month ago might be
going home school I might be just making
lunch we'll see but say goodbye to all
of our friends say bye bye say see you
later can you go give me a diaper cuz
you just peed on yourself yeah okay go
get Papa please
Pampers diapers by the way hey Vanessa
see you later Vanessa you guys want to
say body these people
alright Bodhi you want to say bye peace
why I peace yo
