that was going on relief melanin
that's the name King's dream you know
everything good about the world belief
the name actually came from just
realizing that I wasn't a Duke who
believed in myself I got real low
self-esteem I'm kind of like this
pessimist and basically belief is uh
it's basically kind of a reminder for me
to believe in myself so when anyone
calls me nao belief it's just reminder
for me to just believe in myself you
know what I mean and um you know really
try or do what I was doing what I was
supposed to do my spelling bee ele AF
because ve l IE f has word lying in it
stop taking out some ad leave I thought
it is more attractive when we got the
callee in 2005 had to get a BA to be
more figured I'd Drive right
I uh it was a hard adjustment man like
you know you come from a place where is
very racially divided you know I mean I
come on here it's basically a big
melting pot you know saying like
everybody's with everybody you know I
mean so I came out here like a racist
like not knowing I was racist but like
really like struggling with interracial
relationships you don't have saying and
like not getting it not being saved
being out here not having any friends
being arrogant being prideful it's but
it's definitely a different place and
I'm not saying that Baltimore made me
that way but that was just the
environment I was in that's what type of
sin I was dealing with at the time but
God's grace like allowed so much of my
life to change
what a break school me and Ruslan you
know we've been rapping for a minute
together but this is about 2005 we
started and I was actually the first
time I wrapped and Ruslan kind of
disciple me and um you know taught me a
lot about hip-hop so that the goal for
was the go with the breaks was you know
which law was the MC and I was supposed
to be his DJing height man and after
after about the first record we did I
was like hey man I have something to say
you know what I mean and I was like you
know I was on like two songs the first
record and then the second record I was
on like five and then I was on seven and
then you started hearing me a lot more
and now you hear me all the time you
know I'm saying yeah the main goal for
me was to be the DJ you know but I
obviously feel like the Lord wants me to
be an MC you know what I mean and I'm
not the type to do that once the rap you
know what I mean but um I feel like God
really wants me to do this you know oh
that's not he wants me to but it's his
will for me too so yeah alright you know
and I try to wrap my behind off you know
who say like you know I try to really
you know make a step their game up you
don't know me and trust me I get son
doing some stuff a lot of stuff actually
but you know I mean I can't have a walk
I can't walk away from a joint be like
man I didn't give this my all you don't
have said and that's you know that's
honesty
yeah it feels good
where does my first solo project that I
ever did you know usually you had me
about six to eight songs on any breaks
album but Theo's gift was my first time
to kind of you know show people you know
what I could do or what I'm capable of
and the results like the feedback has
just been overwhelmingly positive it was
inspired by The Cosby Show of course I'm
a big Bill Cosby fan big like I wanted
to be a Huxtable you know saying I love
everything about the show and what I
noticed was everybody wants to be
ratchet you know saying like no one
wants to act like they have home
training and uh we're caught with The
Cosby Show did was that they allow
people to have home training they taught
you things you know what I'm saying
everybody wanted to be a doctor or a
lawyer they people started going to
school the enrollment rate during the
span of the show went up for black
people you know what I'm saying which is
amazing so I really and I mean that was
the the the the the concept you know the
mean of the of the project and then I
just wanted to celebrate my son Theo
Theophilus Patrick Henry coming into the
world you know so I kind of gifted it to
him you know that's his gift but his
gift is also also light from God and
he's also gift to me you know I'm saying
I try not to be cliche um I think it's
really easy to get stuck in a certain
vibe or mood or style when you listen to
a lot of you know for instance Drake you
end up wrapping like Drake
therefore I try to stay away from
listening the stuff that it's really
popular my writing process has a lot to
do with joy you know I want to I want to
write a rap and when you hear it you
smile you know I'm saying maybe just for
one part but it's like it was kind of
brave to say that you know what I'm
saying I want that to be the overall
thing behind my music because I really
do feel like music is to celebrate like
it's really what we use to celebrate
people celebrate death people celebrate
life they celebrate you know anything
you know what I mean so I want to use my
the music that I make as an opportunity
to enjoy life you know so joy is a
constant thing behind the writing
process
it's definitely a balance you know like
I work you know not well work a 7 to
3:30 I get off I try to spend time with
my wife hang out with my son and you
know do some of the things we have to do
around the house
my wife is awesome she takes care of my
son all day I thought she was like
chillin at home until I had to watch him
and I'm like man this is hard work you
know I mean so my head was off to my
wife she's amazing
so I don't really get time to do music
like I want to you know I mean I can't
just come home and bang out a verse you
know the main we live in a one-bedroom
guest house you know if the baby's
crying and everyone hears it you know my
wife wants to watch TV or you know
something like that you know I'm not
just gonna be like hey shut up shut up
I'm trying to record you know saying
like I'm not gonna do that so you know I
usually stay up late and record I'm
around 12 or something like that
11 o'clock murder my wife sleep or she's
not here for a couple minutes I work or
like just the beginning of a verse or
something like that like I just did but
um yes a crime man it's a grind you know
it's definitely hard
yeah so this is a this right here is
Theo Theo P this is Theo P melena
Theophilus Patrick Henry so yeah this is
my my sequel right here yeah my song I'm
really excited about where I am right
now you know saying like life is good
like I'm putting the album out I got
some amazing people who want to be a
part of it I got my son I got my wife
you know saying I'm living in Oceanside
California right next to the beach you
know I'm saying and I can't you know I
really can't complain I'm sure hey buddy
hey I'm saying so life really don't get
much better than you know where I'm at
right now
you know say
you
