I almost caught the whole thing Soraya's
throw up you know if you have a weak
stomach you might want to skip past this
next section until about second 40
you've been warned
why don't you answer the phone call fool
yeah man both the kids are sick really
yeah okay so you try to poison my kids
okay
I'm going upstairs to work okay you
gotta be well-behaved right okay cuz bye
bye
so what is a sick day would it's still a
work day my homie macho and we're
working on some records for him I
probably should take the case to the
doctor's today but we're gonna go to the
aquarium so
you don't know that this dream junkies
album is going to be amazing you're
sleeping on yourself pre-order the
dreams are these out now that's the only
promotion I'm gonna do about stop the
car
pre-order the dreams like these album
right now tell them Theo say pre-order
Ryan it's a pre-order DLC a pre-order
pre-order the dream junkies album right
now
in the doctor's office we have two
doctors appointments today with this one
and that one that one's sick but she
doesn't have it today
little-known fact the bunny vet she's a
hypochondriac so if she sees a rash she
thinks his leprosy if she coughs she
thinks he has lung cancer diagnoses
herself oh and what is it
WebMD the doctor and I always get into a
little tiffy about vaccinations I'm not
really into vaccinations but everyone
else prescribes them so what do you guys
think about vaccinations leave it in the
comment section below
you guys are praying did you say Amen
you say in Jesus name
