hey over sub disbelief of fatherhood
this is how I make my vlogs I use all
broken iPhone believe it or not that's
the only thing I used to shoot
besides my team to lie but we'll talk
about that later this is the 16 gig
iPhone 6 plus it's nothing wrong with
this has a couple scratches but for the
most part it's pretty good a 16 gig
iPhone 5s it's all jacked up the front
camera doesn't work it looks like this I
feel like I'm trapped inside of a dust
bunny it works fine it's a great camera
it's like my second go to this right is
my wife's old phone it's a 16 big iPhone
5c it does have a crack right here on
and also has cracks all over the screens
but it is a broken iPhone and I'd be
using ok so this phone here is my last
resort phone the screen is all jacked up
because another son tried to baptize him
in exploit it this one is pretty
valuable because the storage is so big
it's 32 gigs with these four phones and
my GoPro this is pretty much how I did
the whole blah blah I also use a selfie
stick and this plant thingamajig and has
like a twist off tripod thing so this is
my crap this is what I use to shoot logs
all in this thing so this is one more
tripod
lower part of the body up change
out of your pockets do you edit your own
videos and I know someone else asks what
software do you use so yes I edit my own
videos and I use Final Cut Pro so you
look like a Kermit nice
what do you shoot with iPhones GoPro
because I was filming my iPhones I use
my Canon t2i but that camera sucks for
life what camera and lens do you use do
you have a second and third camera man I
just used up iPhone camera that's
basically all I use I don't have a
wide-angle lens more studies how long
does it take you to upload your blog
like once I'm done I don't understand a
question you ain't never had a chance
why don't you ask someone else to film
you I can tell you prop up the camera
sometimes or not but I got a problem
with that but I'm just curious I don't
have the money for that you know saying
like I don't I can't I can't pay a
friend of mine to to sit straight up
because you got a lot more how long is
the editing process what is the usual
span of one episode one week two days
etc that's a good question the editing
process can it varies I mean the kids
are amusing all the time it's so much
stuff that I wish I could show you
that's just like you just I just can't
capture cuz I don't my phone isn't
charged or I don't have enough storage
or I didn't edit I don't shoot once I
already have footage that I have to edit
once I shoot it I can edit it right away
and I won't miss any of the story
because it just happened the editing
process can take 12 hours it could take
20 hours and that's just because I'm new
to this I'm not very good at editing yet
what else was I gonna say right what's
the span of an episode it varies
sometimes I shoot all day and I get
nothing
so do
I'll take a clip here a clip here clip
here and I just add in a random you know
clip or whatever but I'm trying to make
the clip inclusive a beginner's guide to
start your blog I think the the biggest
part about starting a blog is just
having a story to tell the traditional
form of vlogging and I use traditional
loosely is that people shoot their lives
and they just basically talking to a
camera and I just get super bored with
watching someone's face all the time so
I I just wanted to create kind of like a
show just kind of like a glimpse of my
reality as a father and I think I have a
very different position being a
stay-at-home dad it's just one of those
positions that you don't really see off
it's the only person I watch as far as
vlogging is concerned is Casey nice that
I'll link his page below amazing vlogger
out-of-this-world concepts everything he
shoots is amazing and I kinda just not
jacked his style but I kind of use him
as like my main source of inspiration
and influence so his big thing is like
be original so I didn't take verbatim
everything he does I just used him to
inspire me to do what I do and that's
what I would challenge you to do if you
want to start a blog then I would
challenge you to be original I would
challenge you to speak your own language
and speak your own truth and not to be a
spin off of somebody else would you
accept beats from other producers sure
yeah I'll put my email right here if you
want to send me some beats oh I'm down
if they're dope I'm down to put them in
a blog suplex you how do you mount your
cameras in the car
okay so to mount my camera in the car I
use a GoPro okay but this right here is
my GoPro melt so just stick it on
and that's how I get before carving and
then for Theo's view I just use the
headrest pick this here clamp it down
and that's how I get deals you say
something is that the man on you and for
you Riya I use the clamp thingamajig
okay in order to get this shot so you
can get that shot yes right
beginnings testa making a blog have a
story have a camera be interesting you
know what I'm saying that's all I got
for you I don't know how did you make
the decision to start vlogging any
advice for someone who wants to start
but it's hesitant why you hesitancy my
decision was my kids are cute for a
certain amount of time so why not
capitalize off their cuteness I feel
like I know my calling I know where I'm
supposed to be and I know who my people
are and I want to find my people though
that's the main reason and if you're
hesitant I just do it you know what I'm
saying like I mean I actually have the
worst set up probably any vlogger has
broken iPhones in an old GoPro can you
make a track list of all the songs
you've used in previous videos nope
some of this stuff will be available in
a mixtape it's gonna come out soon I'm
not sure how I want to release it okay
anything looks different that's because
I maxed out on space how are you laying
the audio track for your voice I found
my GoPro picks up a ton of background
noise or isn't loud enough okay
sometimes what I do is I use the voice
memo app on the iPhone and I just use
that while I'm recording so then I have
to lay the audio track underneath most
of the time I use my Niemann my little
apogee duet I don't even know what that
is
right and energy smiley walk how do you
pick the topics of your vlogs alright so
the topics kind of come from stuff that
I've learned or things that apply to the
actual episode
the topics kind of just float I use the
keys as inspiration I use the things I'm
learning I learned a lot about being a
human you know a better person Oh easy
hey wondering about your angle seems
like you have a camera in the grass on
the ground sometimes while taping is
that right yeah sometimes I use my
tripod and I put it on the ground little
secret weapon is double-sided tape put
it on the iPhone screen and thought up
against a wall or they're like a window
in the car it's like my little secret
weapon no but I'm like bare minimum like
all the stuff I use is like all these
phones are either donated or borrowed or
old phones that I had that the cameras
still work you know and I know that some
of you guys have access to these things
and know people that don't need phones
that don't need cameras but really all
you need is one I would love to upgrade
what I use and this is just you know
bare minimum you know this is basically
all I all I have all I have access to
I'm not rich I don't have anything more
than I feel like the average person has
accessed if you haven't subscribed
subscribe right now to my YouTube page
ok click the subscribe button and follow
me on Instagram and Twitter
that's why I have these conversations
just where I post my questions this is
where we kind of can connecting and
taking a step further in the comment
section what's stopping you from doing
the next thing you want to do if it's
vlogging or doing music or whatever it
is like tell me what's stopping you from
doing
so this just goes to show you that you
can start your vlog right now using
whatever camera or device you have this
was inspired by a video by Casey nice
net I'll I'll link his channel below
please subscribe to him subscribe to me
belief or fatherhood thank you so much
for paying attention to me I know your
attention is valuable and I appreciate
you for taking the time to rock with me
for a second yeah your much love peace
