I mean come on give me a break
rock-a-bye baby you're not supposed to
be up I was in the back comfy don't hi
I'm gonna get out of your cage sheep I
have found my peace peace I was supposed
to still be in between them sheets not
dull I was supposed to be gone not
supposed to be knocked down whoa whoa
whoa whoa a Batna Wow can I ask you a
question what do you want to do today
and what else that's all
hiding in the kitchen
cuz the kids aren't allowed in the
kitchen and it's like base and you plant
a light tag you just drop that are you
kidding me no are you kidding me Theo
and a loose one rubber Luca
let's go ahead yeah you're welcome
you're welcome to get a go Johnny Law
we're at the park come on guys dig go
Chinese off Chinese ah got me at the
green light Johnny Law got me at the
green light
Johnny love got me at the green light
Johnny love got me a turbo Johnny doll
Johnny love got me at the green light
Chinese all got me at the green light
Johnny law got me at the three light
Johnny love got me at the crane came
riding with my frog examples hi wait for
the light wait nervous with the traffic
right behind me I made the right turn
cuz trying to get my life right in front
what is that old piece of hot dog from
yesterday yeah five seconds it does not
apply it's checking born after you have
the second kid doesn't fly off what
Bobby just texted me and told me that
she's everything okay at work so we're
gonna stop seeing my cinnabon okay ice
cream comes around every
I just wanna see 20
something about becoming a father it
like enhances your hearing and it turns
you into like this like superhero almost
they just make the slightest little
stupid noises you expose yourself go to
sleep early in the morning
is it too late into the rising this is
early in the morning is it too late rise
up on your I feel it in the way I meet
you here five minutes and fifteen is
10:05 on the dot punctuality is crucial
it but not by the spiders they don't
describe us as a tribe of troubled eyes
in this pocket Brother come up we got
out of time we got perfect holes we are
you upset why see all he wants is a hug
mm-hmm is it good yeah
I don't know if you just heard that
right Oh mrs. choked himself out
goodness gracious because he doesn t
take time to eat I don't think know how
to show him amen Oh slow now
mommy so this cuz you were having a
horrible day
you just tell your mom to hush up turn
off that TV no I want you to turn it off
I have to talk to you right there is
nothing malfunctioning with your
internet connection however there's
something malfunctioning with my child
who does this two-year-old think he is
to test my gangsta I know he's only two
years old but he does know better so
this is frustrating but my frustrations
aren't his fault maybe my expectations
are too high
come here did you just say what to me
don't talk to me that way and you don't
tell your mother to hush okay go sit
down over there please I don't want you
to watch pings right now I want you to
go sit down for a little bit please
sorry go yes no 9 o'clock is your
bedtime though
now we're gonna sing the bedtime song
you want to see the big time zone I'm
gonna make it out right now hey buddies
buddies is bedtime
now hey buddies buddies it's bedtime now
buddies buddies it's bedtime now hey
let's say buddies buddies at bedtime now
now you say hey buddies buddies it's
bedtime now
hey buddies buddies bedtime now hey hey
buddies
the finest ingredients are right in the
mix I heard it said that the definition
of frustration is unmet expectations
dealing with anyone can be frustrating
but especially with children because we
are the ones that programmed them when
children malfunction it's our fault
because we expose them to everything
that would allow them to malfunction
some would say feel needed more
discipline based on his actions he also
needs more instruction a better example
more training I mean he barely knows the
language how can I expect him to know
what's a polite and impolite let's treat
the comments section like a forum what
would you have done in my shoes also
don't forget to share like and subscribe
Rocksteady
don't breasts up t cos it's bedtime now
oh hey buddies I say I'll praise cuz
it's bedtime now
hey hey hey buddies
