I believe the most difficult
relationship is between a husband and
wife parenting is hard but marriage
takes way more work without constant
work - what a great marriage you end up
having an average marriage and an
average marriage leads to an average
life and that's not the hopes for my
life or my kids lives sometimes the best
thing to do is leave the kids with
grandma or grandpa and remind each other
of how much fun you can have together
this is an anniversary edition
by are you gonna say bye to Papa bye
no you're not gonna say bye are you
ready me to musket are you ready
bye bye dang that beat hey you know we
never let it we don't know how to start
with your side good at legas heavy metal
please get out the way we just got a bit
of Long Beach about to get on our cruise
that is our ship selfie time you ready
for selfies alright alright so this is
my first time going to cruise
I don't not necessarily enjoy my
experience right now why just cuz I feel
like we're about to be slaughtered look
at this place
how long will we be here I'm hungry
impatient something lighting on that but
it's an anniversary five year supposed
to be in Tahiti maybe Sunday I think
it's been like maybe an hour we're still
in line standing next to some weird
people but either way I think we're all
be on this boat soon enough I'm not
anything huh two hours later we just got
freakin out of customs and I am excited
at this point because I'm not around so
many people I was gonna do overwhelmed
uh but now that's all alone so what's
embarrassing babe oh my don't say oh my
gosh she was such a slut oh my god about
to go to Catalina Island I get some
breakfast and hopefully we can work out
real quick before we go on this hike
how did another than butter me your
brother better let about of me Philip II
am i hotter reason I don't wanna be the
one to beat around the bush but uh
but I turn off the beat I turn up the
bass loud feel it in the streets like
feeling like a green light
you're on Catalina Island just walked a
little hike my wife again has left me
pretty like I'm like just out on a date
night it might be a late night I hope
you ready to so now we have to walk all
the way back because he bet is
determined to go on the original hike
let me just show you we have to go back
up there to go in the original hike and
she wants to go now that is gonna take
us to the top of that and back around
which is a three-hour three-hour hike
now he started at 9:00
it's 11:35 so I don't think we're gonna
make it Hey that right there is the ship
there she goes
so it's not that I'm a punk nothing like
that it's just that I can't survive I'm
irritated my wife wants to keep going to
the top she hasn't eaten
hardly anything today I'm already
feeling a migraine coming on but
whatever it's marriage five years right
I made it to the top I'm tired I feel I
feel like a punk but you know it is what
it is
anyway um okay so that's water right and
then that's one or two and when our ship
is right there so that's where we're
trying to get back to so we're gonna go
this way so right now that was 1.7 miles
we just did all of you it was horrible
but almost done so ready okay we finally
made it
so now 155 you started at 9:30 so almost
five hours later
I feel babe okay caribou we are in it's
not a Mexico we're going on she may not
dance to its work break it but you got
good work ethic you ready baby could get
a corkscrew from here haha chill
the Bible tells us not to burn and lust
I look super hot she kept me warm enough
type of chick they made you one to get
into some trouble type the chick the
major go home and hump the fellow but
that was on some gentleman but worried
about her jiggling I think it's fair to
say the marriage is hard and when you
have babies to that equation it just
gets harder but I was talking to older
couple and they told me to enjoy the
process enjoy your season because you'll
never get these times back we don't have
a perfect marriage but I'm excited to
make perfect memories with my wife so
what kind of husband would I be if I
didn't teach my son's how to love and
cherish a woman hey yo what are you
doing in here don't you hear me trying
to sound all cherishing and loving about
your mother huh yeah messing up my
monologue dog get out come on did you
poop yes yes okay I just want to poop by
myself that's all I want yeah get out
thank you
