a guarding snail can travel up to 50
yards per hour and when they travel they
leave behind a mucus some will call it a
slime I was watching these snails and it
reminded me of how parents can see their
children at first it seems like
everything takes forever to learn they
move slow and leave behind a mess
everywhere they go and then just like
that they're 50 yards ahead of you and
what was once a season of impatience
another days you long for the most
well super guru
now before school
I know that there's so many things
distracting there's so many things at
home that could be a distraction I was
enjoying what we're supposed to hear for
example in your sister but I need you
guys to pay attention to mommy and
whatever the lesson is really thick okay
it wasn't listening for the game we're
about to get into that now what kinds of
things you want to learn about like math
and science and we enjoy reading and the
world wait I think I want to go in how
to like make one 100 rice ice cream oh
that's something you might be able do
now yeah where are you going baby I'm
not ready for you to leave the house
come back okay how many is this why how
many green blocks are in my hand you
know nothing nothing
so what number represents nothing what
number represents nothing okay I didn't
think you did
okay so what number is this okay so if
we were looking at a letter this would
be this looks like an O and Oh looks
like this right but this is a 0 a 0 and
an O was very similar together but this
is okay how many do I have here
how many do I have here like how many do
I have here how many do I have here okay
what's enough what's the number that
represents
you know that this is the letter what
even if it you mean you better pay
attention right no so the kids just
started school today and I'm really
proud of them I'm proud of the event
because they have started to schedule a
new schedule for school I decided to put
myself on a new schedule and make myself
more consistent with these YouTube
videos so every Monday Tuesday Wednesday
and Friday I will be posting videos on
YouTube ok Monday 6 6 o'clock p.m.
Tuesday 6 o'clock p.m. Wednesday
mornings I'm gonna go live every
Wednesday at 10 a.m. and Fridays 6
o'clock p.m. and that is tentative I
might push that up to 10 a.m. because
like who's really home at 6 o'clock on a
Friday like everyone's probably out and
doing stuff especially if here in
college so yeah I'm really proud of
Yvette and the kids for starting their
new schedule and getting things going
and I hope it's gonna be a great school
year there's been a lot of stuff going
on behind the scenes I do have some like
episodes that you didn't see from the
summertime so I'm gonna show you some of
those as well but yeah it's more
chocolate babies you know saying so
should be fine
you now are responsible for their
learning like you can't just play all
day we're gonna try to make it a fun
experience but it's not something that's
gonna eat I mean like some things you
probably won't enjoy as much as others
but I don't think he was hearing me he
just started crying he started crying
because because he wanted to watch TV
and I was trying to tell him hey dude
like this is what we do you're five
you're in kindergarten so we have to do
school so that you learn these things
good job listening now
so in theory mousers he said Simon and I
was like what are you sorry for
I don't know
all our canons of geology
or you're apologizing and then he just
goes and sits on a chair and then he
goes I just don't know I don't like
school or he D st. he's act on my floor
he said something like see the problem
is I want to learn to ride my skateboard
back together and we're not doing that
and he said something about parkour
they're almost like buddy school isn't
all of that like you have to do other
stuff in addition to exercise and play
and so I said you know mommy do you want
mommy to go back to work because mommy
quit her job in order for us and so that
I could come home and teach you guys mmm
and then he goes or I said I stopped
teaching other kids so I could come home
to teach you guys mm-hmm and he goes you
did and then he started recollecting a
time that you guys came to my classroom
whatever and I was like yeah and I was
like do you want me to go back and do
that and he goes no and I said are you
sure cuz you know I could consider it
and then he was no I want you to be your
teacher and I was like well buddy you
gotta trust me you trust me and he goes
yeah and I was just like I my goal is to
teach you and get you ready for the next
stage whatever that is and so you just
have to like stick with me when we're
doing school work we have to do math
science history reading all of that
stuff in addition to the fun stuff and
we can make that stuff fun but it's kind
of like a mutual effort
and I don't know if it got through a
season but when it was time for lunch he
was like mom can I help you make lunch
and I said yeah so that I haven't helped
me and then Ryan helped me I feel like I
don't know today's lesson was probably
too heavy for our first day mm-hmm it
should have been a lighter more fun type
lesson to kind of get them motivated so
today I mean tomorrow I'll probably step
it up a little bit but yeah I don't know
I just feel like they want to do more
hands-on like Ryan wanted to help me
make his quesadilla yeah but when we
went bo was helping me make one she's
like mom I trust you
thank you buddy so something got through
I don't know what God bear but something
out there
you're gonna go take a nap now I'm
looking at you and I'm realizing how
irritated just well you're definitely
tired and donating too much at this
moment and I see you need a break so I
just want to know I need sugar starting
the whole thirty around the same time
you're starting school is all you got to
do is get through this week and it'll be
better
I need a Reese's I can't happen just not
eat it and just watch it for a second
and I'll be back okay wait no no no no I
want you to take a bite of it I just
want you to watch it okay who told you
to eat the candy well no one's here
