thank you why did I marry him
see you later yeah we're back with
another episode of belief of fatherhood
my wife has killed it with this idea of
the podcast and I'm really proud of her
for just you know coming up with that
idea for us to do it we've done for it
but so it's so far this is gonna be
another episode where I show b-roll and
we talk underneath and you get to know
us a little bit as a couple while
watching some adorable footage
never-before-seen footage of a nice
dedication so enjoy that but just so you
guys know event has decided to come on
board and be more a part of belief in
fatherhood and this is the way she wants
to do it she wants to be an Instagram
influencers so make sure you go in and
follow her on Instagram and she wants to
do the podcast and kind of spearhead
that so if you want to watch the podcast
full version follow Yvette on Instagram
and please check out our GTV and if you
guys want to be a part of our extended
family which gives you access to the
seeker group all the music and songs you
hear on the vlog first dibs on merch and
the first to hear all types of news sign
up for patreon you can give as much or
as little as you want and enjoy this
episode
I was thinking about like this whole
idea of are you married ready for
marriage and I was gonna be like
is there really any way that you could
really be ready for marriage like you
really don't know what you're getting
into
well you do you should I don't know I
just felt like I was just kind of
thinking about back on Glenn and i's
relationship when we first got married
and I often feat not often but based on
these recent like thinking back I'm kind
of like why did I marry him like why did
I marry him no offense to him he's a
great man he was awesome but it's kind
of like oh you bought the numbers what
are you going to sell I was prepared
mentally I thinking spiritually I wasn't
prepared financially career-wise what
did I bring to the table
what did I like what did I bring
you brought Jesus I knew that you were
gonna leave us and the godly fashion
let's move on I want to talk a little
bit about what you brought to the table
I hunt for our ink
yeah you brought everything you brought
you brought a tribe we didn't have any
people your people were our people 100%
if you've you guys with people what I
saw in you and with your community it
showed was like I was like man like I
want to be a part of something like that
you know for myself and it was weird to
me how christ-like the community was
like how barren each other's burdens
morning with each other like celebrating
with each other it just was like
somebody means some and everybody was on
deck it was insane to do see you missing
I'm missing ayahs I hinder not only on
you guys are had cake but you guys wall
you know with us going the wedding and
you know
you know what I'm saying so the
transitions in our lives are really
important every time we have a child or
go through one of the transitions it's
important to have your prayers not only
for our children but just us as a
husband and wife you don't understand
and so if you guys could just continue
to pray for us because I believe that
the Lord is
a lot to our family you know what I'm
saying and that is really hard for me
like even now I like admire that but I
still fight against this sometimes
because I like my space and so I like
really admire that thing about your
community and I feel like I have to be
more intentional about like letting
people know I love them in our community
even in your and your community you know
I'm saying and so I think that's
important for him for someone who's
going to we our household for him to
always be conscientious of our vision
and moving in that direction is very
important and is very to me admirable
because I just want to be able to I
don't know I didn't want to be able to
trust him leave and I trust him I trust
that he's allowing the Lord to lose him
and there's where I have no problem I
feel like as the husband I'm not only
leading you and like you submit to me I
feel like I'm leading our children their
children with the children after then
our community like like pillar like
that's what I feel like I'm leading our
community right so as a community of men
we're all moving toward this direction
it's community of families we're all
moving toward this one direction right
give all glory to God spread the gospel
you know what I'm saying like be the
light of the world all of that you know
what I mean
so I feel like in that mode it's like
okay one of the things that we want to
accomplish is a family what are the type
of things we want to do with such a
thing to be dream about what type of
things what type of people are we as
like you took my last name as the Henry
family what type of people are people
are we as a husband I now get to like
dictate what that looks like I now get
to say okay this is the sculpture this
is these are the people we are as these
type of men these type of women we don't
do this we do this you know we are
problem solvers what I'm thinking about
this it's like as a leader like I'm just
I'm looking like a head and I'm allowing
like I'm allowing you to like tell me
like hey what do you want to do where do
you want to go like I'm always including
you in everything that doesn't mean you
don't get to say wait
just because I'm submissive doesn't mean
that I like this like I do believe that
we are a team and I do believe that we
discuss things and you bounce ideas off
me and you don't just tell me this isn't
how it's gonna be
you know me you know our family and so
you know what I mean like I don't feel
like submission is necessarily pages you
know whimsically whatever that is like
for men who don't have anything to offer
I don't think that's like a good way to
start I'm saying like I'm not I don't
think that I like I'd love I wouldn't
have loved to have more to offer
like if Anaya brought you home what's
the plan what's going on with you do you
need a job cuz I can hire you is there
no getting rid of you because we need to
figure this all out and take care of my
daughter
whoa that's so funny yeah I don't know
cuz if and I write you home to me and I
brought me home to me I'd be like yeah I
want to thank you so much for watching
belief and fatherhood and being part of
our community this means so much to us
that you would even enjoy content like
this but we gets it going a little
deeper and some things that we care
about you know I feel like you're
getting to know each other better right
now what I need you to do is a personal
favor to me and my wife please go to
Apple podcast and subscribe to our
podcast if you've already listened to a
leave a review I mean the world to us we
love seeing what you guys think okay and
if you're on anchor or Google podcasts
were there as well please follow us
favorite us and all that and make sure
you follow my wife on IG so you can
actually watch the episodes of the
podcast right AHA righty
I saw thank you so much for watch a
particular TV network
