okay now you want to aim you're gonna
hold it back yeah can you help me hey
I'm not gonna help you you're gonna
shoot aim you want it at the castle
ladies and gentlemen I am on my way out
on my own and guess what I'm wearing I'm
wearing a purse that's how you know it's
real because I belong and I always have
a tiger bat but today I am wearing a
purse yes so you're gonna come along
with me on my day am i so everybody
you're gonna come over with me on my day
and it's gonna be great then I won't be
here and one's gonna be with the kids
the kids I've been my he's the best
husband ever
I don't care what you want baby it's
movie night baby just getting a day off
I know but you always do the heck is
wrong with you she always takes my
rollers but they stay in the cabin and
she pulls them out I'm out I'm not gonna
get aggravated I'm gonna stay relaxed
I'm not gonna let nobody kill don't kill
my parties don't kill my vibe don't kill
my vibe don't kill my vibe please don't
kill my
don't kill my vibe occupied by please
don't kill my vibe me don't kill my vibe
don't kill my vibe
I have the time I don't feel my vibe
bitch don't kill my vibe don't kill my
vibe don't kill my vibe
oh hey papa let me slow okay so I just
arrived the mom which has everything
that I want to do I want to get my
eyebrows done guys look at these lord
have mercy
I'll show you either after and just a
second I want you to go to the movies
and I want to get a mani-pedi and so the
movie that I want to see his Deadpool -
Glenn want to see without me this is my
first time going to a movie by myself so
we'll see how this goes and then and
that movie starts at 12:30 it's now 1113
as long as it's not busy I think I can
get my eyebrows and everything done
before
I don't know and I got my kids telling
them groan I should not fit I don't know
I just know I didn't know I gotta put on
my bonus I'm paying additional blessings
yeah I am Laila
I never stressing I'm always stressing
about I'm always stressing now I keep
addressing doubt I keep for lashing my
mouth confessions I'm second-guessing
now I mean protection I gotta protect my
life I can't protect my wife like I
protect you baby
put them down low I'm gonna go crazy put
them now
I'm laying down baby
Yvette's
out right now enjoy herself we're gonna
check in to see what she's up to
alright so got my rosin and I know when
I pimples breaking out
when I'm done so yeah we'll figure it
out after every time I try to get my
brows done
I'm trying to talk to you this without
looking so operated I'm comfortable in
front of everybody that's walking past
me it's not working bye
I'm about to get busy let me show you
how
right
just going down is your weapon you got
to go like this and then you gotta shoot
this wait for it and push it for now you
can pull the trigger like that I'm
trying to find
and Nelson I know there's more hi Nelson
but it's been so long since I've even
done anything but I can't find it
oh wait maybe it's under health and
beauty there we go nose and spa my time
can I try another awesome Jay ruckus
here we go watch this
my gun go boom boom pow
let's go finding save that money type
that money and I'll go changing Jesus on
Leila Hong Kong
bring-bring I love all right so I chose
to order the Mediterranean
Sally hopefully it's good I think I've
had that before I couldn't figure out if
I had the creepers with Mediterranean
but inside me I'm getting a weird looks
I always feel uncomfortable doing this
but I just want to say how valuable this
time is going to be
oh man I left my book in the pot I guess
I'll just sit and stare and people watch
lunch is served
it looks great and there are some things
on this place and I'm just going to
indulge a little bit and she's eating
less and less
I just pick up a phone I'm gonna pick up
the flow and I'm gonna pick up the price
if I call me I might just take up the
stream just give it a toss hey you
shouldn't down the cos hey you should be
counting the loss is a blessing I'm
telling me and my wife we talked a lot
about guns and why it's important for
kids not to learn about guns but
especially black kids I mean anything is
just like this thing where people don't
want black kids to not learn about guns
because we are more likely it be accused
of something but I want to talk about
protection even as a youtuber content
creator my life has been threatened
people around me my loved ones lives
have been threatened and it's important
for me to protect that you know and as a
father that is my main thing
I believe God protects all of us but I
believe it's okay for us to be prepared
for the evils that are coming against
our families to protect them and that
spiritually mentally physically
emotionally we got to think on all
fronts I know this is a touchy subject
but I'm honestly curious what is your
perspective on being a protector
of your environment your community what
are you doing to protect yourself I was
hanging out with rich and he introduced
this interesting concept about sheepdogs
I've never heard it before until he said
it but I'm sure he got it from somewhere
else but it goes like this sheep wolves
and sheepdogs a sheep going through life
refusing to see the wolves are the evil
preying on the Sheep but the sheepdogs
they protect the Sheep they fight the
evil so I ask myself am i raising sheep
wolves or sheepdogs I mean look
I went with a bright color in honor of
summer what do you guys think leave it
in the comment section below and walking
to my car just now it really did feel
like I was walking on clouds I just sat
for like an hour and change while
somebody else had read me was nice she
could have been a little bit more
aggressive with the massage but it was
no complete thanks Glenn I really
enjoyed the babies are beating me
