this is the master and you told him you
know sometimes as storytellers visual
storytellers we can get a little stuck
with where we are creatively I've been
sitting on some footage from Yvette's
birthday and I was trying to kind of
figure out how to put it all together
and then we started the podcast called
how married are you and we love it and
so some of you have been watching with
us and if you haven't I suggest you go
check it out you're going to love it
it's not just for married people it's
for people who eventually want to get
married are thinking about it there's
some things to think about before you
get married and I want to invite you to
listen to that but I also wanted to
introduce it to you in a way that wasn't
boring so this is a lot of b-roll from
Yvette's birthday like the first part of
the best birthday she was getting ready
and we were hanging out down here with
the kids
here's some of the b-roll from that and
underlaid under it is the podcast with a
little bit like of a like a telephone
effect and I was just trying to be
creative and so it goes in and out of
the store but I think you're gonna enjoy
this episode let me know what you think
about it in the comment section below
and if you have been listening to the
podcast let everybody else know what you
think let everyone know why you like it
and please check it out the link in the
description to our podcast on anchor and
also on Apple podcast what were some
expectations that you had of me coming
into the marriage
wait you don't think I know that I think
on the dating process I had hope to cook
why did you have because I remember I
got one time you were like house-sitting
for them oh yeah family and you like
fried chickens we were dating it men
okay but what were some things that you
expected me to like take care of thing I
try to think back tomorrow all right I
felt like you would be taking care of
their like laundry you click that sort a
tree why do you always have it all you
need to go wash your face go rinse your
face off but that was really it I had
very low expectations do you pee in the
night this morning I don't know does
this smell like it I get it
I named it I didn't it my boy is it
ah what about what about me yeah because
yeah that your dad did me yeah I
expected you to take care of the cars
like know when we need an oil change our
tires rotated and kind of keep track of
that you know happen on schedule
yeah it is like the I committed you know
know how to like fix your computer yeah
oh my god so I expected you to be able
to like do an oil change your dad's on
the other noodled I know I wish you to
be able to you know or not be able to
expect you to take my car and go fill up
the gas tank you know yeah you would be
like you would come home with a baguette
and I expect me to go fill it up oh my
why don't you go internet but you're out
and I didn't understand why but you
gotta you gotta know like I can grow
with my dad yes is that your baby can I
get the kiss now that we are married oh
man interested to know have i exceeded
your expectations as far as oh my gosh
you've exceeded my expectations
yeah you totally exceeded my
expectations the things that like I
don't have what you can't what you mean
like you're lacking though I mean like
you know you know some things you would
rather just hire somebody to take care
me yeah yeah because I understand like
what I'm good at
yeah and so sometimes I you know and
you'll be nicer to you like what like yo
so this high-tier super convenient I
think that who makes it I think it's a
company called juvy
if you guys want to check this out I'm
gonna put the link in the description
it's a great high chair this is not a
paid sponsorship and I think it's really
really really gonna high chair you guys
should check it out pretty nicely I
folds down and um yeah I'm just like it
and Annika what video here you tell them
about it what do you like about it yeah
it's a transform it could just like oh
yeah that way I have a house to
transform like like like a fish hunt
forms then I like this like from shuts
formas transform and I wake and I like
that um somebody has things that they
can't afford like what like like
punching a hole through oh yeah that's
not some you grow up to do it like you
have to have a parent who's like oh yes
this is how you use a measuring tape yes
for sure
right I mean I figured it out I was just
like man I just don't understand the
basics
and so like this is going to take way
longer if I do it so I feel like you
have very high expectations
turn on the song please what song you
want to hear Christmas go hard leave
Oh Lord my God
Christmas go ha this is no song chasm I
can't fathom all them blessings I can't
Adam I can't even click on my god and
drag them why you not see you could be
nice why you salty spicy you so calm I
never need ice help it now you need a
rhyme or reason cuz if I bring to it to
the world gonna give it to the boys or
the girls or the last of the holiday
season it's like if I get a little Holy
Ghost and flip it on a holiday cheer
like got a nice all year last month
ain't no bike here Black Friday black
guys I feel like oh you guys you know
I'm raised by my mom and so things that
I'm used to doing things that
mostly like you protection to roles
women will be considered most likely to
do you know what I'm saying no it's true
like you cook yeah I'm probably I'm very
nurturing like I take your berry okay
you I'll take good care of kids
yeah I take like I make sure that you're
eating cuz you don't and you know myself
right I finally know the doctor if I
really talk about myself I regret it
because like going with know the answer
to this question but I don't know right
so I know a little bit more about you
than you know much and it's gonna be
great
then I won't be here and when's gonna be
with the kids the kid the heck is wrong
with you
