hi I am p.m. we are at Caballito good
morning it's day two of the homeschool
convention and I have decided that I am
going to try to wake up this morning to
work out even if it's just for 30
minutes I don't usually get an
opportunity to just get up and go work
out without having to worry about
nursing a baby or getting back in time
for going to go at work but you know
whatever so I'm excited to get this work
out first off all right life though you
gave me light bulbs lights off you a
night so I dismiss popular to Jamaica
all my drooler because I'll only
breakfast in my community
matter-of-factly this after my eulogy I
need all the people who say they love me
to be looking in the sky they say you
take a village to raise a child I know
what I like a door without my tried try
try try try did you completely room it's
been a minute since I worked out but I
know
this gyms does that Monday yellow all
right we are ready to go
well not some of us are it is a regular
day because we have a toddler with the
missing shoe syndrome Riya where is your
shoe bruh huh where is it you don't know
where it is
you had it yesterday we went to the park
right okay let's look forward you got it
come on guess what guess where we're
going we're gonna go see Levi you want
to see Levi we're gonna go to the
trampoline park with Levi doesn't that
sound fun oh don't you want to find
issues
okay so let's sing a song shoes shoes
where are you the same shoes shoes where
are you shoes shoes where come on it's
only gonna work if you sing it okay
let's do it ready shoes shoes where are
you come on let me help you shoes shoes
shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes shoes
and I am going to the first session I'm
going to it is one about phonics you
can't see me anyways what about science
because I really want the O to be like a
reader so hopefully we can figure that
out you pageant shoes yeah right yeah
you brought them all by yourself
good job it was underneath there now you
got to put him on the right foot buddy I
did you guys excited
I had to leave that session because
because I was up at 5:30 a.m. to work
out
she was kinda dry good information I
took some notes
I was getting a little time
so I'm not here
as I missing
see how he's doing with the kids
he's not answering
I was there for your first steps when
you cried your first tears I remember
when you made your first friend and how
falling down was something we just got
used to seeing you do only because we
love to see you rise again and jump feet
first and into whatever you love
I remember that you didn't know how
strong you were until you tried I've
been talking nothing bouncing all my
blessings I think Ellie's got my
stresses so low in my praises so how
high you came all this melanin crap is
some point dipped my skeleton in
chocolate faces so fly high it takes so
fly
and then a name when you come and try to
fight me right I wanna take him and
throw you into the blocks you know since
I mean your brother's gonna come and
hunt throw him into the blocks and then
after that my take your friend him I hit
him upside the head with a block system
you but you all come back you know I'm
saying i'ma beat you up and kick you
while you're down then after that I'm
gonna take you savage would you know
about me don't play with me don't play
with me
tell me about it did you enjoy yourself
you have fun it was very cool in there
father God and please heal this little
baby I bet you wouldn't Yvette pulls up
she's gonna forget all about me she's
gonna instantly run toward her I start
crying ah she has a head she has a
having me
she hasn't have any breasts
am i okay maybe he's lost spell in my
okay is cuz she needs if I say the word
she'll make this 9 hey your name is
Friday
who's that Oh
Oh beautiful oh my gosh I missed you I
missed you did you miss me you look so
different
she does she does she looks so different
oh my god she can't I just got him but
I'm asking Glynn how was the weekend
like how did it go and he's taking a
really long time to answer I just poured
him a nice little glass of wine big
how'd it go tell me I mean it was fine I
mean you take care of kids that's just
what you do it's not like a I know but
how did it go how was it you got a thing
a goldfish and a glass of wine right
here this is your dinner I mean I don't
know I guess you know once I got don't
hunt now that I'm through I really don't
wanna think what Wow was in the past
guess what hmm me and Sharon are taking
a girls trip
yeah you know babe you are it's not
something you could just playing like
you having at the end of July
