hi my name is belief I make videos about
being a dad I give people an authentic
look at what it's really like being a
stay-at-home dad to three children two
boys and a girl and so often I get asked
what is like one piece of advice I would
give to a new dad or were the three
words of encouragement I could share
with all the dads out there or what's
the secret to fatherhood and I'm very
confused by all that but I came up with
a way to tell you what it's like to me
okay so I wrote this parable and bear
with me this is the parable of the
father there was a man who had many
friends a lot of his friends had talent
some of his friends could build anything
others were professional athletes in
some were masters of all instruments and
this man had nothing he cried out to God
he asked God he said lord please give me
a talent a gift something I could use
with my hands with my my voice maybe I
could sing maybe I could do something
can you just give me something that I
could use he got no answer he screamed
as loud as he could he prayed as often
as he could he screamed he prayed he
screamed and prayed and one day God
responded God responded by giving this
man a box a gift box and had a bowl
wrapping paper and all the trimmings he
told the man when you have your first
child open the box and you'll receive
your gift he couldn't wait you settle
down with the young lady in his life
they conceived the child for nine months
he looked at the box he played with the
box he shook the box he smelled the box
he just wanted to know what was inside
this box for nine months all he thought
about was the box and that soon he'd
have a baby which was great
but more importantly his gift his talent
well did they came as the mother of his
child pushed her last pushing the baby
popped out the man heard the cry of his
newborn child and ran to the box he
pulled off the ribbon he ripped open the
packaging and he opened the box but
there was nothing inside the box the
gift box was in fact empty and he cried
out to God why have you forsaken me
why have you given me nothing you lied
to me you told me I would get something
God replied to the man
whatever I would have given you would
have distracted you from your purpose
which is to be the father I gave the
gift to the child now go be present
happy Father's Day
