some of you guys to do to my page my
name is belief I am a father a YouTube
creator and these are my children the
chocolate babies say hi I say hi
these are the type of babies this is the
oldest steel yacht
hi okay so that's those are the
chocolate babies my wife just left her
name is Yvette you can follow her if you
want them to you want dance okay so my
philosophy is that in order to be okay
as a parent alone by yourself you have
to be prepared like pepper a Shiki so I
got my food cooking up and I'm about to
make them some pancakes
we go let's make sure these sheep those
see thank you let's keep this on see how
loose this is I'm always supposed to be
able to fit one finger in here
okay like this so see how fit my whole
hand in here it's not supposed to go so
I'm gonna tighten it no yes but thank
you
you can breathe you're fine look okay I
don't like it right I know I'm sorry
you have to have it the way it needs to
go for your safety just in case we get
hit or somebody says you need to be
locked in here secure okay right in
between the nipples here I know right
it's fixed to a nice
you gotta get tight to ready ah dad is
she yeah she's tight too just like me
yep everybody's type mister just type
just right like me okay then let's roll
dad yes is it just right just like mine
I do just it tonight yep everybody's
just tight like yours hey you wanna
listen to music
I remember bragging rights while you
were on the couch asleep in our John
something on the papers that I thought
was deep but nothing compares to live in
like what to do were you teaching you
the lessons as I cool was all I need to
do I cross short when I succeeded in
some ways I took you off the TV got you
out of no sun rays maybe till the zoo
was a parka for bike ride the skate park
the beach or whatever it is we might try
never loved the person in the way that I
loved you both probably over newer than
the way I hear punks the most basketball
with Anthony and if she wants to listen
philosophical talks with symphony up in
the kitchen why some people rehearse
trying to puma take the tight is
uncomfortable that's right buddy it is
uncomfortable that's very true
some things aren't like comfortable but
you still got to do it some things don't
feel right but you still got to do it
you understand that huh
no all right so like you know broccoli
right
broccoli is is it good for you or bad
for you it's good for you does it taste
good huh it does no right it's probably
taste good
right so broccoli is not good it doesn't
taste good but it's good for you
so it's uncomfortable when it's in your
mouth that's how riot feels about
broccoli now the way that seatbelt sits
on you right now on your new car seat
it's uncomfortable it doesn't feel good
but it's good for you because it's gonna
save your life begin to an accident so
if a car hits us right right now it's
gonna push us forward hold on I'm gonna
turn on the music in a second wait now
is that it's gonna push us forward he's
gonna push us forward like that in that
seatbelt is going to save your life so
you don't go out the winch you okay now
yeah okay it can happen to anybody okay
scares me yeah so you got to be safe
that's the way you got to keep this out
on your touch okay so
so we fight and stay my and my cousins
have a car they have cars
yeah they got I said tighten their car
seats too
you know how when I'm working out we
miss the rich and I'm in a lot of pain
and sometimes it looks like I'm hurting
and I'm sweating and I'm tired and I lay
down on the floor
yeah yeah what at Hertz and it's
uncomfortable and it's painful I'm I
told you about my muscles being sore and
how it hurts yeah that's just like your
seat belt sometimes well dad - evil is
not bless that's why I teach you to pray
I'm so proud of who you're become and
you'll be leading the way soon enough
and when times get tough because they
always do remember everything that I've
done I've always thought of you you see
me I'm I were served me drunk hurt me
hurts heard me argue with your mom still
I'm putting you first while some people
rehearse trying to paint the perfect
picture while we olive ears always up or
down as such a mixture and I'm with you
every step I'm allowed where the earth
is nothing bring happiness like having a
purpose it's not money or the drugs
all right so we're gonna go to the beach
right or to the park
what's the park at the beach the one we
went through the other day right nearby
okay we're gonna go get some yogurt no
no no nope all right here we are the red
cup all right open up the door for Papa
please open that's a pole pulled up put
it to there you go there you go oh great
good job guys thank you come on guys all
right here we go
that's gonna cook
you guys want
okay wait wait wait wait tell me when to
stop iodine oh you want this okay you
want this to not right hey there we go
perfect that's it all right all right to
the beach open up the door get one side
I get the other side peel open it open
it open it open it open it open wide
wide wide wide wide good job thank you
all right let's cruise all right honey
try to hold my pockets hello
do it out man chillin man how are you
yeah I'm feelin man good to see you baby
fell yeah yeah pleasure to meet you
Glen sorry yes Glen yeah pleasure to
meet you I'm gonna get them to the
things so like their ice or ice cream
don't melt have a good day today Theo
learned a lesson about safety and I too
learned a lesson about savings this
always a lesson to be learned whether
Mountain about and I'm using different
apps to save money or I'm setting aside
time to save memories with my children
there's a right and the wrong way to do
everything but just because something is
uncomfortable that doesn't mean we
shouldn't do it
in fact we should push to what will be
think is uncomfortable because there
lies growth lies security and a
strengthening in our ability and
understanding before my wife left she
choked with me wondering if the kids
were gonna get outside see I think that
is more convenient to keep them out in
front of our house instead of taking the
mountain about but just because it's
convenient and it's comfortable that
doesn't mean it's right and I need the
challenge so that's of three kids to the
park and wore them out so by the time
bedtime came around
we were all ready to sleep all I could
do was sit here I'll ask so much to do I
know what my wife says she just goes I
just wanna sit and I know exactly how
you feel baby so my bad
