so boom it's Tuesday I'm here with my
homie rich he's putting me through the
wringer we're about to start we just
started to warm up a little bit and I'm
already out of breath but the problem is
we're doing the sled today it's not a
problem
listen the floors aren't breezy and the
floor is not greasy enough so I
sometimes that's not the skirt you know
what I'm saying so you're gonna see me
struggle real quick life is friction all
up in it so this is a you gonna get
bricks six rounds no break ten reps on
your squats set that back position
scapula tight chest up full squat hip
crease back there after the third round
you get a minute break so hit this dizzy
from glasses being so strong come on hit
ten reps water and this guy's falling
what is going on
see lips move I have no idea what you're
saying
oh now it's stretched right in the
middle of the workout now on the flesh
good and good okay jump rope right now
that jump rope run off you left it
thanks rich I appreciate it all right
today was rough I'm rough today you know
how like it's always supposed to be like
this I guess you know what I'm saying
like I don't even know what my goals are
anymore I don't even know you know I'm
just out here working and there's the
family yes
this story is gonna be great oh my gosh
oh my gosh my cheeks hurt
it's such good news Oh
now we just gotta oh my gosh okay babe
oh my god I just got the email was
sitting our rich talking to him and he
was like talking and I just reading
their email like and then all of a
sudden all his words not to sound like
wah wah wah wah and I know what he was
talking about that's my you better told
me he told them first and you know he
told the computers not told them when I
told you
I was sorry you are like
what was that
so I'm actually an actor now so you know
you gotta put that on the resume I'm
feeling pretty good
I never was taught how to act but uh I
feel like I'm killing it you know I'm
saying how get a lot of positive
affirmation I feel like I'm doing pretty
good okay thank you okay thank you but
uh yeah this is a really awesome
opportunity and I'm just like really
honored that bad I don't know if we just
be available available for this so
hopefully in the future we can work
together again good together
okay cool glasses on that yeah you are
good easy huh oh yeah that's Berkeley
thank you yeah of course I'm sure you
did some of them and I feel like I look
the same but I guess for the camera yeah
it's just all making sure it's even okay
cool yeah yeah I know you have great
skin so there wasn't much to oh thank
you
sorry okay
Internet's popping right now hello
everyone this is Jill yeah she'd make it
so mine my side game is on point you
know this is elite I know my line and
this is a my other solution yeah thank
you so much thank you
really uh-huh
all right did he know other dads were
gonna be singing it that's a good
question he must have seen the deck that
we put together
the whole thing with like your kids
you're just trying to distract them yes
and you have zero shame like being a dad
it's like a name like it's it's you're
you're not embarrassed at all just
totally herself you ready to know
somebody's God is stinky booty my name
is Luna and she made a poopy somebody's
got a stinky booty his name is Aldo gods
on diaper duty and daddy's gonna clean
it up somebody's got a stinky booty
daddy's gonna clean it up yo can you
believe that I'm on a commercial
changing diapers with John Legend let it
just sit shake it homey
thank you guys so much for watching
belief in fatherhood what can I say guys
happy Father's Day told my father's out
there I'll make sure that you guys
appreciate the fathers in your lives I
have to get it up to pampers pure one
time for asking me to be a part of this
commercial was such an honor such a
privilege and the fact that dads are
getting love out there and chocolate
dads and chocolate babies are getting
some love out there that's just all the
better yo make sure you guys pick up my
book if you haven't already it's only
$15 hit that link right there to go
ahead and order that and and also
explore the option of becoming a part of
our extended family on patreon where you
can find
behind the scenes this whole thing which
I'll be talking about later peace
