so our flight takes off in like an hour
and 40 minutes but we're hungry so we
want to eat and I kind of just want to
hang out with the family real quick on
the best birthday before I leave so
gonna take Ania
my mom where would you go
you know once we get rid of it so you
want us to move out and then you stay
with Lynette you tonight right do you
want to get rid of me Wow so you want a
new family okay that's what we're gonna
do we're gonna leave you right here
me Mommy and Ania and Ryan are gonna get
in the car
and we're gonna leave and you can stay
here and whoever gets you can happy you
don't like that idea
what right he wants to keep us steel
wants to get rid of us he wants me to go
away and he wants Anaya to go away he
wants everybody to go away alright so
I'm leaving though I'm leaving for a
long time I don't want to get rid of her
you know I don't I want you to be around
forever I don't want to get rid of you
everyone needs to give me hugs right now
because I'm not to leave I'm about to
going to airplane we got to go
my flight takes off in an hour I got to
get out of here
all right I love you guys love eat you
all right here we go
I saw boom I just landed now Heathrow
Airport in London I really know what I'm
looking for but I'm excited to see some
of my friends at the YouTube space know
oh I got a YouTube bag YouTube create
toes for change that works though jacket
I'm not gonna front this room is super
fly very modern and cozy looking this is
gonna be perfect for the studio set up
right here
part of me I'm trying to change
something
uh-huh I guess I'm tired at the same Sun
all right
instead of getting frustrated and start
the panic I flew over the Atlantic some
people would reprimand it we all YouTube
kids who once was damaged hard harder
departed this respect to disregard it
been disinfected by the crowd yes yes
subscribers see allowed yourself yes
y'all be the change be the change you
want to see in the world see we all have
things that we see over and over and
over again we get tired so here's your
chance to have a voice if you are
created you show perspectives that are
rarely seen you are created for change
it's not just us Yoga we parent from the
perspective of wanting to change
something change something in our
history the Alinea in your region to be
a city
in your neighborhood or the person next
door this is my opportunity to wake up
rice up work on me this is my iPod to
not see wait wait God writes up work on
me this is my iPod - now see record wake
up rise up
welcome me this is my iPods not see wake
up I go we garlic
you
