so hanging out with the birthday girl
for a little bit events birthday
you are 31 such a I was telling her this
morning we were laying in the bed 31
like once you turn 30 after that you got
about another 20 years before people
care anymore the next big birthday is
maybe 40 I leave it in the comment
section below you agree if you think I
think 40 you get a big birthday and then
50 is really to one you know what I mean
but after 30
it is pretty much
like this is just that period of life
you know I mean or your kids are like
they all their birthdays at home so you
almost forget about you see but I'll
never forget about her
you're a birthday person I am a birthday
person
you may not be a birthday present I'm a
very different no my birthday I'd be
turned 30 I turn 33
I had a big party at the park this ain't
a'no April congratulations to all the
people who investigated by investigate I
mean investment cuz subscriptions kind
of like a testament and by testament I
mean a testimony I won't be fake
and I won't be phony y'all need a
bragging I mean most that's why slap but
on my breakfast toast I rock it out
uh-huh
a baby bubble a baby bubble to the
boogie the Bang Bang the boogie to the
beat me my name's put me come on
everybody let's dance to the beat come
on things but it was really like a
celebration for like this milestone
and he wanted to celebrate everything
and it's not even that I wanted to
celebrate it was that I wanted to give
people around me a chance to celebrate
me and what's happening because I would
just kick I would just keep going and
not ever celebrate because I feel like
celebrating distracts you which I really
do believe in nothing
I think it does do that but
important to stop and look at their
mouth
he's really important to celebrate the
milestones that are happening around you
and so hitting 100k dropping the book
putting a TEDTalk out all that stuff
getting the TED talk out and are you too
created for change all that stuff is
important yeah so today is kind of a
bittersweet day even though an easy best
birthday I'm leaving out of town
back to London
and events handling it okay because
you've got a good job turning that light
like jealousy and hate in tonight
because when I first found out I got the
email about the craters for Change thing
they were like all we're gonna sing you
to London I'm like well who's paying for
and then all I hear is the vendor back
they sending you to London well I'm
going and then I went to London for this
big deal YouTube credits for change and
it's it's just such an awesome
opportunity and I submitted all my stuff
in my script and all that stuff and it
turns out that I will be participating
in the 2018 I am a 2018 ambassador for
YouTube creators for change and what
that means is I'm going to be putting
out a piece of content series talking
about how important it is you know to
stand up for the black people around you
the black men around you and everyone's
doing these different things so some
people are doing it on xenophobia
extremism hate speech like like some
people are talking about different
things but me I'm talking about the
black man and
I'm doing I'm doing a documentary
basically and so to do this documentary
YouTube is helping me there's some
people that the good company they're
helping me
Google is funding this thing it's
awesome so I'm headed back there but I
never showed you what happened the first
time I went to London so this right here
is what happened when I went to let him
back in January
enjoy happy birthday
greenies hi Glen Glen yes yeah I'm
probably nice to me to meet you mr.
Logan
thank you I'll bring you over to your
driver now awesome this is my room and
this is uh
creators for change I don't know what's
in here but I'm really excited to open
it up I'm in London I was invited to
come here really happy to be here don't
know why I'm here I wasn't told in the
fact that I've traveled this far and not
really knowing the purpose you know
understand like I know a part of
something called creators for change
because this box says creators for
change but I don't know what that means
and that's quite a business to travel
not knowing why and I'm assuming if they
haven't trusted me with the information
or why I'm here when I figure out why
I'm here I'm sure that it's none of your
business either you know I'm saying I'm
sure I'm not supposed to tell you either
but uh you know we chilling how about we
open this box first so I got a youtube
and dull
venus fly
also quick housekeeping information
before we begin while we encourage you
to document your experience your time
here at the creators for change summit
please don't forget why you're all here
and remember to sew in there are also a
few special guests for whom we ask you
don't share about on social media hi it
wasn't so bad and I say hi squeeze what
I called in Frank to help keep her
distracted while I try to make breakfast
bacon is how would you describe the
bacon but is it crunchy uh-huh oh my god
No
there are young men in the common saying
watching your blog's hi we're here we're
on our way I don't know what we're doing
I just know is that we need to get out
of the house I'm gonna go see if I can
get this blood work done for Maya so we
can figure out what she is allergic to I
was just telling them that you're there
I'm in London no one else really knows
what we're doing here either babe yeah
like everybody's in the dark so yeah I
need you guys to be really good
listeners we're about to go into the
doctor's office to see if they can help
your sister and I just don't need any
misbehaving okay
okay go up those stairs buddies walk be
careful up be stirs I'm literally like
praying as I walk through this place we
are able to get what we need done if
some of you guys may or may not know and
is suffering from eczema and the doctor
prescribed a cream and it helps clear a
that but she's itching again and I don't
know I changed my diet we've done
multiple different things so the next
thing is to get a blood test done to
find out if she has any calories used to
something like am i eating something
that she wears you coming at the station
my bread boys you went too far you went
too far come on
okay so that was more than I wanted
today so now I'm gonna go back to the
car actually maybe I'll just sit right
here and call the other place to see how
much they are come on come on guys feel
come on come on
right this way but grandma's at work the
vampires here grandpa has two day off
today so I'm gonna hang out with him for
a little bit okay I'm coming there
is he not answering me oh my goodness
all right that do you want your photo of
your celery yeah where you wanted it
I don't know
no no I guess I could wait I'll get it
later cuz I want to go somewhere like
this is central you know say like this
could be anywhere low-key that's true
this is like
going to London the first time had
little direction I didn't know what I
was there for or why I was being treated
so well but YouTube was taking care of
the bill
so I didn't mind but when I got there
and I saw the people I was around about
hopeful to know that there was this many
other creators who were passionate about
changing all of us had different
perspectives but we were about change
now change is important because it's a
turning point
YouTube was a turning point in my life
and some of you guys came to the meetup
and expressed how belief and fatherhood
was a turning point in your life if ever
I have a meet-up make sure you come
through it's one of the rare times where
I get to sit down and talk to you and
redefine what it means to be a part of a
community online the comments section
sees obsolete when we can talk
face-to-face
so if I'm ever in your area make sure
you just said that like in just okay
what are they talking about yeah well
you should be the bad guy all the time
you should be a bad guy with me that's
what I told myself today I was like men
I just got to be consistent
