oh hello there's a difference between
being thirsty and being hungry okay I'm
not talking about in the physical sense
but in the theoretical sense being
thirsty is being desperate cased like
you need to get whatever you need to get
in you feel like gonna die without it
all right hunger is about survival these
two things go hand in hand really when
you're talking about the physical sense
of things because in order to really get
food down you need to drink sometimes
you listen you have to have enough
saliva in your system it's a part of the
breaking down of the food is having that
saliva right now this video is brought
to you by toddler tears which is
actually my favorite drink because
toddler tears is something that is
natural it comes from the earth it
actually comes from dirt into a human in
the tear ducts and through the face and
you have to actually get them from your
toddler when they are crying so when I'm
drinking this trust me I have had a full
cup of this this morning and I have more
stored in the frigerator because we had
a lot of toddler tears today why am I
here because on Instagram if you guys
found me on Instagram you guys know what
happened but Uriah BOE had some issues
okay he had issues because he didn't
want to eat his broccoli so we have
thirst versus hunger and toddler tears
to go so if you don't follow me on
Instagram make sure you follow me on
Instagram follow my wife I love
chocolate babies it's just a whole
concoction of goodness you don't want to
miss the stories but because you will
have missed the story I'm just gonna
show you a snippet of what happened this
is your Raya versus dinner the best try
to get them to eat their broccoli so she
made up a song
mom is a cheerleader dad will threaten
you that's all you're gonna get for me
right so you're not gonna eat your
broccoli in rice now right you gonna eat
it for breakfast tomorrow next time on
Dragon Ball Z will you Ryan finishes
breakfast his dinner for breakfast stay
tuned now see last night I know I knew
better okay I knew that he should have
eaten his food last night
and I know he wouldn't so I gave him the
option Briah please eat your food right
now but he chose to take the longer
route he chose to think that my
childishness the child inside of me was
gonna run out but I had enough
childishness for all of us okay I had
enough so the thing is about toddlers
they don't really understand the
rippling effect of their actions okay so
when you drop a stone a pebble or
something inside a body of water let's
just call it a pool or something like
that it's going to ripple and the
effects you don't know how long it's
gonna ripple how long that's gonna last
now if you do some type of physics you
could probably figure it out but
toddlers don't think in that way okay so
yeah Riya didn't count the fact that him
not finishing his meal that night last
night he thought when he closed his eyes
it was over and he would wake up and it
would be a brand new day you know what I
mean and it's not like that because even
though the Lord like forgives our sins
and we have new mercies every day dad
does it right I got issues you
understand like I remember everything
and so I I wanted to sit the food out
and just let its tail and just sit on
the same plate but his mom went ahead
and put it in frigerator you know says
she blessed him she preserved it just a
tad bit well he woke up this morning
almost snarled on three things of
broccoli the mind to it's only three
pieces of broccoli small and about a
third of a cup of rice but by the time
the morning came the rice was so daggone
hard it was like eating stones now mom
left and I was here to make sure that he
didn't get away with
and that's because I'm childish thus
well I'm drinking the toddler tears
right now alright boss morning time we
go sit down eat your food now I don't
care if you don't wanna you told me you
were gonna eat it last night for
breakfast so go eat it now this is at
the point we're almost broke you see I
knew that it was gross but I didn't know
how gross it was until I saw this now
mind you if you are squeamish or this
you know if you have like a sensitive
stomach or you don't do well with
looking at things that you're not
supposed to be looking at this is your
time right now to move forward to this
point in the video ok I'm time stamping
it for you move forward so you don't see
this next scene but uriah let's just say
the food doesn't stay in the digestive
process
oh no now look I told you I told you was
gonna be gross and I want no flack from
you I warned you alright you did that on
your own you would think at this point I
would be like okay he's had enough
obviously it's not good for him
but you gotta understand you're trying
to teach him a lesson
and this is at the point like a lot of
people came in my inbox telling me that
I'm a bad father tell me I should put
some butter on it or some cheese or
whatever but this is the thing it's not
about the broccoli per se it's about the
commitment that he made he told me that
he was going to finish his food in the
morning and that's what he had to do so
I sat there and watched him gag and
barely get that stuff down and it was
rough you have to eat that for breakfast
today okay I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry after I eat these - I am
gonna watch you should have ate it last
night right after you can eat after you
eat that you're gonna have some
chocolate chip pancakes and then like
the superhero she is mom comes home with
me she tries to help she just looks at
her she has pity look who's home to save
the day she cares so much
now he's asking I've taken that y'all
and it's only a little bit of food a
nice plate left but he needs to
understand that he has to eat all of the
food he might be here until dinner
if you follow off the chairs really
under the boys get out of here
I wouldn't let wanted a boy's father
chair because they're a foot taller in
her and if they follow each other just
clumsy she's still learning how to walk
he I'm sorry you have to leave now
you have to go I'm sorry I'm not putting
the tablet in oh he is his time whatever
he decides to eat the broccoli it's a
wrap
and this is what's the problem right now
okay see regardless if it's me or my
wife when one of us has come off the
bench from being away and we come into a
situation we want to hurry up and find a
solution babe I think you're taking it
too rough on him you should take it easy
on him deader that it up but she wasn't
there for the whole thing so I had to
tell her yeah you know saying I get out
of here we have something going on and
she knows that if she comes home and she
says such as such he would have a break
so I had to tell Yvette that you know I
need you to go away so that I can handle
this
because this is between me and him
you would think I'm like poisoning this
dude or something and I'm still not
letting up but he's looking like he is
dying he looked like he has four minutes
to live you know what I'm saying he's
and I think that it's only three pieces
of broccoli in a third of a cup of rice
it's not that much if he would have ate
it yesterday he would be in a total
different situation I need to make sure
that he keeps his word and that's all
it's about
I have a responsibility as a father to
teach him to be a man of his word
now some people are like yo he's too
young for that he's only three I don't
know how much time I got left I need to
make sure my kids are learning these
things now see I don't think it's too
early for him to learn right now about
work ethic and about keeping his word
you know what I mean like these are
things he's a principles for him to live
by and he'll learn this at different
stages but it will always be the same
it'll always be consistent what did you
say you were gonna do versus what did
you do and I have the same issue with
this growing up it took me a long time
to learn this but I had nobody like
reading this in my head and so for me as
a father I don't want him to be like I
was so I'm trying to prepare him for
what's to come really important him to
be a man of his word he almost broken
this is what happened I reminded him of
his own words I showed him the video of
him saying now he was gonna eat it and
then I reminded him when I asked him I
said bro so you said you were gonna eat
this right he said yes he said you were
gonna eat it right right yeah so you
need to keep your word to yourself and
to me and eat that food because you said
you were gonna eat it today okay and
after that it gave him the extra push
when I reminded him of his word you step
you throw up
and that's so important of us to remind
ourselves of our old words they'll be
committed to us only will not accomplish
something it's important for us to
remind God of his word to us you know
what I'm saying like it's important to
have a record of these things and I just
want to say out there to your parents
out there who have young kids I know
it's not easy I know like specially
dinnertime it just yeah it's so rough
and so hard and you know what your ayah
did it he pushed through he accomplished
it and I didn't think he was gonna do it
and I'm so proud of him and he was proud
of himself and even after that he was
like hugging and like you know kind of
like more friendly to me even though he
thought he was gonna die like an hour
ago
I kind of follow through my follow
through is crazy and it has a little bit
to do with the fact that I'm childish
you know and I enjoy drinking these
toddler tears they're really good for
you fill the vitamin D vitamin C and
potassium and sodium thank you guys so
much for watching particular keep it
Network proper follow me my wife and the
chocolate babies on Instagram she would
not regret it
peace thank you guys for watching I just
want to remind you real quick that
myself Andrew Edwards and slice and rice
have a giveaway going on right now for
our Apple iPad and an apple pen so if
you go ahead and subscribe all of our
channels and click to the script click
the link in the description you'll see
how to sign up for the way it's still
going on the more times you subscribe
and like and all that stuff and the more
chance you have to win and everybody
could use something like that it's a
great gift fathers days coming up you
understand but it's also for it the
interview graphic designers out there
illustrators or any people like that
this will be a great thing for you to
have so make sure you enter in that
competition right below and we'll see
you soon
next time I make a video whenever that
is because I'm sloppy peace
