yo I am in New York City very much under
the weather but I feel good I came out
here to attend a conference put on by a
person I really admire Gary Vee I spent
the first day kind of nervous went to
the conference and I was really
expecting to be like having like a
life-changing experience my expectations
were really high and I went to this
conference and it's about voice it's
called boys camera and so they were
talking about how podcasts and how voice
devices were gonna be the new wave and
are the new wave and how it's going to
basically change everything however
being at the conference I was kind of
disappointed in the way the message was
delivered because I follow Gary Vee
audits homonyms like really into that a
lot of stuff he does I'm used to being
entertained and maybe I'm a little
spoiled but it was boring to be honest
you know it was boring there was a lot
of information but it was also a lot of
speculation in theory and I think what
Gary Vee did was he tried to put on
something that was gonna be valuable for
other people we could kind of take what
we wanted from it and I think overall
like I learned a bunch and I got to tell
Gary Vee that I was on his show and how
much he kind of inspired me to move
forward I was very nervous but I just
don't need to be a fan anymore and so
with that being said like I'm
unfollowing Gary feeling every platform
I just don't need it you know I don't
need to see anything honestly I was kind
of left like dang I don't really know if
that was the best news of my time now
with that being said I did learn some
things that I will take that because I
feel like I needed to come here and make
this count because my wife really
believed in this and she petitioned from
you guys to send me out here you know
even though like I'm like super
appreciative of being able to come out
here and do this I still feel
responsible to like make it work and
like come back and put together the best
product I can as far as podcasts for you
guys as well it's a space we always
wanted to get into my wife's really
passionate about so I just wanted to do
it right
figured out coming here with help
however if there was another voice con
event I wouldn't go if there was another
event hosted by Gary Vee probably
wouldn't go and not that's not anything
against Gary Vee but I think I've grown
I've outgrown the material I think at
this point all I need to do was apply
two things I know but I don't actually
need to spend another dollar going to a
conference now there's some things on a
schedule that I have to go to but unless
I'm speaking at an event I don't really
see the need to go I just wanted to be
honest with you guys am i enjoying the
trip yes and the main reason I'm
enjoying the trip is because I got to
sit down and have a meet up with you
guys who are in New York and so some of
you guys so it turns out that taking up
uber during rush hour isn't like the
best idea I should enough to end here
but I'll be there pretty so I'm like 10
minutes late at this point we should be
grab an area like the next five minutes
about to come together with me and just
just talk we sat in a circle yesterday
and we enjoyed each other's company and
so I really enjoyed that moment and
here's a little bit of clips from that I
was more inspired with the two to three
hours I got to hang out with supporters
of the show then being around so-called
gurus in a certain space and I just
leaves me with the notion that I do not
mean anymore permission or any more I
don't need cosign like you guys are my
cosign sitting down what you're talking
to you're getting to know getting to
know you had some of your questions
being a community with you sharing some
water so it's hard balancing like
balancing videos and family it's hard my
whole thing is
my wife and my kids will never have to
beg for my attention so anytime that
they need me I stop but they need me a
lot right and it's not because it's like
I don't know what you do but they just
miss me like they just want me to be
around so I have to constantly work I
can't work about drugs
that's motivation enough and so I
apologize for even me being like out
there looking for like new things to
inspire me like you guys are enough
motivation and I just wanted to kind of
have this sit-down on this moment with
you about what's going on here in New
York tomorrow I leave for Boston I'm
headed to Boston to experience elevation
conference but I'm actually speaking
there and I'm speaking about YouTube so
if you're in the Boston area
there's Saturday I'll be speaking I'm
very grateful for you that where you
guys know and show my appreciation of
you guys and hitting 100k and you guys
commenting liking and sharing the videos
and all that I'm doing a giveaway with a
buddy of mine actually a few buddies of
mine one is Andrew Edwards that gear
live and the other people are slicing
rice mat and glory who will friends of
mine
how were you I would take the time to
click the link in my bio to enter a
chance to win a brand new iPads and a
African if you subscribe to all of our
channels then you have more of a chance
of winning these and it runs for two
weeks so in two weeks we're gonna
announce the winner and I hope it's one
of my people who win honestly but after
two weeks if you don't want to follow
those guys anymore you can unsubscribe
or whatever but honestly I think you're
gonna want to stay subscribed because
slice and rice have one of the funniest
channels out there and andrew has one of
the best tech a year
channels out there well yeah I
appreciate you guys exec you like
keeping Network popular please real
quick though question of the day what is
that one thing you need to let go of
that one thing that you were waiting to
give you permission that you just need
to just stop consuming start produce
