yo peace sometimes but I was sure you
were almost first ever was first
shout-out to everybody who's here
Blackie's beautiful world war whatever
so um my family's going to see like
their aunt right now and uh stream is
offline it's really bad connection out
here hopefully you guys can see some of
this but anyway this will at least what
I think it is this is um so the YouTube
so that you give me you hit a hundred
thousand subscribers so here we go let
me know if this isn't working and I
should stop because I can go closer to
the Wi-Fi Robert so this is at least I
think it's the play button
sir any questions I love to answer any
questions that you guys may have about
YouTube and whatever the big notices
though I am going to be in New York
tomorrow I fly in I'm going to the
Garrity voice con and on Wednesday at
around 5:30 we'll be meeting at Bryant
Park in Manhattan for like a little
Meetup
so if you're in New York City come
through Wednesday it'll be fun and also
I'll be in Boston the next weekend this
next week and I'll be in Boston at the
elevation conference follow me on
Instagram
all right yes so this is it
I'm Anne so y'all know like I've been
waiting for this for a minute like I've
been like really excited about hitting
on your cane this is kind of like the
staple that you get just like my first
award here yes please go closer to the
router because you keep cutting out okay
I'll move closer I'll glue in the kids
room follow me
no be less light though
oh sorry guys sorry unprofessional
is that better where's Thomas training
bad quality um is that better yes no
yeah much better okay awesome
so right now in a boy's room families
with their eyes so here we go this is uh
this is really your award I'll just keep
it at my house oh it's official silver
play button right there believe for
fatherhood guys that's us
I can't even believe it man like I don't
know it's clean though right that's us
man like all y'all this is this is all
y'all right here this is not I mean it
is it is us you know saying but this is
like if it wasn't for you guys this is
nothing you know so congratulations
we did it y'all just just so you guys
know I know I haven't been the most
consistent with putting up videos but I
have been working on developing a team
and developing developing a lot of other
things that I went from being a youtuber
right or like I do put up videos to a
youtuber to like a father figure to like
now now I like have a legit like media
company which is weird you know I'm
saying so you can probably this is not
just on YouTube now it's everywhere so
with everything that I have going on now
it's like I have to get things in place
well I won't be able to play anymore you
don't ascend and I really want to play
but let me get into some of these
questions if you guys have any let me
just scroll up a little bit thank you
guys so much for the congratulations
everybody in here Idina I think it
Dena's congratulating me but she just
graduated from college so
congratulations to you
Idina I saw that on Facebook
are you doing a giveaway soon yes I will
be doing a giveaway soon this week
actually
Rubick yo you were there in the
beginning thank you guys
Thank You Ruby I remember you commenting
super early on in the videos I
appreciate that
Matthew Jameson I just talked to you the
other day great connecting with you
thank you so much for being a part of my
community and sending me beats
occasionally where to beat that breath
anymore beats it's great to be a part of
the slide most youtubers just upload
video like three weeks
I just got this the other day and I was
like man how am i how am I gonna make
this video and be creative but I just it
was getting overwhelming and I know what
I'm even out of town tomorrow
you see like bumble bees like helmet
over here I should put it on all right
it's lit so like I'm gonna be out of
town in New York and I didn't know you
guys still hear me yeah
I didn't know if I was gonna actually
put this up you know what I'm saying but
now that I just had it I had the time I
was like mommy just go ahead and throw
this up right now are you gonna film the
kids reactions maybe I should the kids
have been wiling out today like a lot of
trouble
do do is wildin out your eye is like
completely sick and so yeah I don't know
let's see I don't believe I'm the best
youtuber but I appreciate that seen you
on Ted thank you so much for watching
the TED talk if you have not seen the
TED talk it is on ted.com right now
check that out it's on Ted's YouTube
page so check that out
you're gonna put the kids at any sports
yeah I hope to what feels really been
into parkour lately so he's doing this
like kinder court situation so that's
pretty cool yeah Uriah he's probably
gonna be more into like football or
soccer or something like that we'll see
now this is interesting my glasses are
fogging up Anaya is the sweetest thing
ever
she's definitely changed my outlook on
parenting a lot where's the music at if
you go through the videos toxicated gilc
if you go to through the videos you'll
hear new music that you've never heard
before because I score the blogs now so
yeah more merch I'm sure we're working
me and RJ working on this Frank merch I
want everything to go and be on Frank
before it was
kind of like I was gonna make a new Raya
shirt my feel shirt I made it Uriah hat
but I don't want my kids to be the
mascot to the show you know what I'm
saying so Frank is kind of where all
this stuff is gonna go so I hope you
guys appreciate that um you really want
this shirt me too like I want you to
have this shirt and I want to be able to
Stelly your breath hot it is hot should
be red stand and I'm gonna do this go
ahead and delete you because I know
you're not you're not a part of our crew
here let me just put you in timeout uh
but anyway yeah it's getting real super
foggy in here right now
um you should team up with LaGuardia
cross and can I get a shout-out sure you
can
is it the Korea me and LaGuardia we have
started a podcast that we need someone
to engineer we've done three people than
three episodes only one of them has come
out but we need someone to take over
they are the engineering aspect of it
click them and men's volleyball it's
gonna blow up soon okay Frank needs a
catchphrase his new catchphrase is talk
to you soon Baba yeah he does he doesn't
need a lot of catchphrase what advice
would you give to someone who is just
graduated from college that has no idea
what to do with her life hmm hmm oh type
my question is what do you want to do
what do you like doing what are you
interested in do whatever you're
interested in you got the time um I
think during that time when you just get
out of college and you have your degree
and you're trying to figure out where to
put your worth and I think you should
really start investing in yourself and
really exploring the things that you've
always been interested in whether it be
animals or I don't know
you know the construction of tennis
balls like whatever it is you know I'm
saying like figure that one thing out
and just dabble in you know do a lot of
different things I can't believe I had
this like what does this mean to you
guys like it does this solidify be as a
youtuber like getting this does this
mean I'm legit now you know saying like
what does this mean to you this is my
question to you guys do I have any J's I
got one pair of Jordans that I got like
15 years ago and they're not as clean
but Jessica lo see I hope that helps you
coming to and landing anytime soon
not off the top of my head I don't think
I'm coming to Atlanta anytime soon no
but I might be you never know I am is
going to Chicago in July and I'll also
want to Dallas in July so if you're in
Dallas we should meet up - what's the
name of the podcast
it's called fatherhood Chronicles I
already love this channel thank you so
much Christy uh I love what you're doing
thank you how long does it take you to
edit your videos it takes it depends it
depends on the type of video sometimes I
go overboard and I I edit for like you
know eight hours or something like that
since I was taking for some videos a
super organic straight to the point when
I used to the subtitles any videos he's
taking a lot longer than that amazingly
and belief collab was perfect save
families of lovers thank you yeah mais
Li they're just really good people
they're just really good people Joe and
Elena just awesome people Elena really
really really cares to help people how
delivery is it's very intentional you
don't have saying Joe cares so much
about people - so I really love them so
thank you I want to know what this is
what does this mean to you guys shout
out from Baltimore you know whatever
from Baltimore when was last time you
were born when I was in Baltimore when I
did the TED talk on my home because it
was in Mid Atlantic which is DC so I
went home to visit some people in
Baltimore
you've been legit to me your Africa
consequent making the chit thank you
have you ever wanted to quit of course
just a while ago actually it was the
beginning of this week Monday I got
really like super overwhelmed I'm a
small plague guy you know I'm saying so
normally like I like to have a few
things on my plate like three different
things I'm doing I'm working a job I got
this hobby and then I got my family but
with you - it's been so like it's been
so much you know what I'm saying it's
been way more than I expected it's been
crazy it's been one of those things
where it's just like I've been hard it's
been hard for me to juggle and keep
everything going and so when I don't
upload a video sometimes I get depressed
because I thrive on productivity
productivity makes me feel like a lot
but I'm just not like a I'm not like a
workaholic or whatever but when I
accomplished something I came and I
accomplished something makes me feel
good and so when I don't like I feel
like to hang like I failed again you
know what I mean and so I want to quit
sometimes you know sometimes but I
understand what's possible and what God
is kind of giving me you know the
ability to do you know he's giving me
the ability to run she's getting ability
to tell stories and edit videos and
encourage people and so I just want to
be a good steward of that and so my plan
is to be way more consistent my plan is
to be you know way more connected but
there's so much going on in our lives
this is the one thing I will never do is
look like my family for this you know
what I'm saying or you guys like I would
never neglect my family or like even
people in my community make them feel
not loved because I'm trying to stay on
schedule you know what I'm saying so
there's a fine line there and I really
want to be better at that when are you
coming to Chicago we're in July I'm
gonna be there and at the legacy
conference July 19th through the 21st I
believe
you totally deserve it thank you is
there have a good reason to fight
someone physically there's I mean
there's a good reason to defend yourself
defend your family I think you need to I
think you need to defend yourself you
don't any but it's not always the best
way to deal with things you know I'll
see you I know you've shown you set up
how you edit but will be cool to see
your editing set up a workspace
especially if it's the beginners budget
yeah um my garage is a mess right now
the paper you want to know what the
paper looks like it's just a letter from
YouTube and they're like yo screenshot
that if you want to read it I really
love you too man I know people try to
get like trippin on YouTube and the
monetization and all that stuff but like
YouTube was the only company I've ever
seen that cares about the people on
their platform you know what I'm saying
like I'm a YouTube creators for change
ambassador and so that means that they
understand all the toxic things that are
being put on their site but they want to
they want to push forward people who are
trying to bring positivity to the world
or to the site you know what I'm saying
and so the creators for change thing
like really like helped me believe and
the fact that YouTube will call you up
like around around the time I hit 10,000
subs they were like yo we just want to
let you know what you can be doing
better you know what I mean which is
crazy so I love you too man like I'm a
company man
you know Sam uh you have a speech to
yourself when you feel down by the way
do you livestream so we can make you
happy no I don't find my happiness I
don't know find my happiness you know by
my connecting with people as much as I
used to sometimes it helps it makes me
feel like I have more worth sometimes
but I pray a lot
I ask for prayer I'm constantly in
community and that guys know like man
I need you to let me know if you are
praying for me you know I'm saying
because during that time you are praying
to me it's gonna help me but if there's
no like monster I say to myself what
about a freestyle to celebrate this
month this moment I'd have to go get
music I have to go you know saying I
don't know shoddy my wife and I love
your family and it's that hat from your
enjoyed video yeah this is that I wore
in 2013 or 14 when I shot the enjoy
video yeah 14 yeah it's the same hat I
want to get a uniform that I always wear
the same thing sweet Frank sweater like
one of my other shirts in the same
clothes all the time that's what I'm
gonna do what do you do outside of
YouTube everything you know saying I
still do hip-hop I speak I'm gonna
author now it's a book I'm an author I
connect with a lot of people I try to
invest in a community my leaving life
group men's Bible study I'm a part of a
church community being a father is most
of what I do being a husband is most of
what I do counseling vision to my
families is most of that did you ever
think the channel would come this far in
terms of you inspiring thousands um I
didn't know I had this deep enough of an
affect on people I think it's affecting
people much deeper than I thought they
would but then I thought it would I
thought it would be more like a wide
very comical situation but it's actually
had a lot of depth which is surprising
it I'm so sorry for missing your
questions and I appreciate all you guys
for being here can you do a Q&A with the
kids that'd be nice did you ever think
the channel are the answer that was much
leave you should get you booked into the
hands of levar burton i do not know who
that is
oh is that the door from Reading Rainbow
I don't know that is super happy for you
signifies that the YouTube community is
finally noticing you and your family for
the gold truth thank you that's that's
real things like then amber Mendez I
appreciate that okay we'll go to sleep
you know I'm saying odd Osten B just go
ahead to sleep you wanna mean like I
don't want you to miss school nothing
like that but I appreciate you for
stopping by
alright I'm really happy for you
thank you your channel has taught me so
much what do you think about the word
the N word I mean yeah I mean what I I
mean it's just so hard to answer that
question
I'm not gonna go do it right now I do
want to go there but yeah I have a lot
of respect for you you music has done a
lot for my life you show me so much
about being a man and I really look up
to you
don't worry dinner thank you if some
most you guys don't know I was an MC for
most of my you know adult life
and being an MC I rapped and I traveled
around the country and I and I wasn't a
bad rapper like I wasn't like I didn't
suck you know like I probably at one
point I was terrible but um
by the grace of God like you know my
skills kept developing and I kind of
merged my MC career into becoming this
you know do you think the boys
understand the concept of YouTube Theo
is now getting the he's now starting to
understand it because people think he's
famous so they walk up to him and say
you're famous I watching on YouTube you
know I'm saying I could will be no - and
it's kind of awkward because like I
don't think you should ever tell a child
they're famous I just think it's very
like it's poison you know what I'm
saying it's like why would you introduce
them to that concept but that's what
people know and they don't mean any
offense by it but that's just like their
point of entrance and the way they want
to try to like be friends with you do
really doesn't know what YouTube is but
he knows that I put videos on YouTube
and I make money from that I'm actually
interested in when
Theo becomes a grown-up and he's like a
little bit older 8 9 accessibility
understanding if he's gonna be like hey
man I want to be on YouTube no more cuts
that are fair you know saying it's a rap
new subscriber here I found you through
measly I love your channel so far thanks
money and I hope that you let me know
when you don't like it how do I find the
music just look believe up on Apple
music Spotify even on YouTube this is
everywhere it's findable Congrats on me
thank you so much Anthony is this going
to be uploaded after yes go to sleep you
gotta go sleep who is your top three
rappers my top three rappers always
circulate always circulate but one guy
who always stays on my top three is
black dot the reason is because when
Black Thought speaks he says words as if
they were created for him to speak some
rappers they have good lyrics but they
don't have great delivery now having
great lyrics without great delivery is
like having a package right you have a
piece of mail but instead of placing it
on my doorstep you kick it you don't
have sand you don't deliver it correctly
so it gets broken on the way there but
the way Black Thought delivers his words
is with care and you understand
everything he's saying you notice and so
that's why Black Thought is one of my
favorite I always have like this three
things like so I have an older rapid in
the top and then I have a new rapid or
right now I can't get over how dope
Jackie Hill is she's a friend or I like
to think she's a friend probably more
than two queens but she's so incredible
I just love her lyricism she's amazing
so she's probably in my top three right
now in that third spot
oh no oh Sabo not like Silas I was just
he's cold
okay do you plan on making more Frank
merch yes that's that's that's
definitely a plan are you ever gonna put
night music on Spotify new music maybe
try some new ways yeah yes I have to get
someone in place and I have to give him
all the stems for all the songs I've
written for belief or fatherhood I have
them uploaded to Spotify net
to find Apple music something back with
saga a saga saga saga saga is in the
building guys stop everything that's a
friend of mine hopefully I see you won't
be in New York this week bro
and we can link do you think of the
channel falls in the category of
Christian channel do you watch on
YouTube oh who do you watch on YouTube
maybe I don't know I don't know where
you will put this at I don't I don't shy
away from God you know what I'm saying I
don't talk about God like he's a concept
talking about God like he's a character
in the show that is God is you know what
I'm saying like it's hard to just be
like oh this is a Christian thing I
believe that if you're not Christian or
Muslim or whatever like you can anybody
can really give with family and that's
why I talk about family so much is
because we can disagree on many things
we disagree on sexual orientation
politics you know may speak a different
language we may have opposing views on
whatever but no one's gonna disagree
that family's the foundation for someone
you know and the father being in the
home makes a great difference from when
he's out of the home so in a regional I
keep touching my notes cuz I got it like
a mustache here that's going on my nose
he's here to talk about that uh I hope
that gives you the concept answers your
question yeah yeah the Barberton Reading
Rainbow you call them to do from Star
Trek Reading Rainbow yes Jackie Black
Dog what's uh where the chocolate babies
they are at their grandmother's house
right now that events on his in town
they're going to visit her I seen your
videos for one year now thank you
Christina Clark how do you feel about
Childish Gambino's this is America video
I loved it I like how much I think was
really well done that think it was a
great video it captured all my senses
like I was always looking around for new
things every single time it was awesome
can you all do a video on the transition
from one child to more children yeah and
and for me like I see a lot of talking
head videos which is like one person
sitting there talking in front of the
camera and I want to do more stuff like
that but at the same time it seems so
boring but I
I should just do it because it's so easy
and it comes natural to me but anyway
I'm just tuning in where are those
beautiful babies they're at their
grandmother's house that's on is in town
are you going to come out with an album
I already put out two albums in my
career actually I put out two albums
solo and they had like a small short EP
called Theo's gift it was my first solo
record and it was like all about The
Cosby Show so I don't even know if
that's worth listening to
but and don't even try to ride me on
that you know saying anyway and then I
did two records with the dream junkies
and I did like five records with the
break so I've actually put out a lot of
music over my time uh what is your
favorite black dog song I like star
that's probably my favorite song yeah
that's probably my favorite one are you
gonna come out with a note on your ask
me that I answer that yes I can do a Q&A
with kids how is homeschooling going for
Theo pretty good we try to implement
learning in every aspect of the day you
know saying so please even Siri
mnemonics like you'll count you count
two cereals or you know I'm saying and
stuff like that um but he that's kind of
like taking a hold of that and she's
handling so that's probably a better
question for question for her now that
she's home I've been like really just
trying to figure out the basics of like
having my own business which is very
difficult
hey love the channel ever since I
subscribed to your channel I've been
more positive perspective my father even
though mine hasn't been a part of my
life god bless you thank you so much
Tiana I actually wouldn't mind a couch
conversation with 20 vette I appreciate
that Ashley
it's Theo still stealing we check his
pockets a lot I think he's kind of
learned his lesson but you just never
know those type of concepts like
stealing and you have to have these
conversations more than once you know
you have to have them at a different age
when he learns the concept of money
and taking a penny the problem is with
deals feelings that we never told him
when he was outside and he saw a rock
and picked up the rock
and he took the rock like that that
wasn't stealing but because he's never
been like corrected in that area he
doesn't understand the fact that when
you go to Levi's house those and Levi's
toys you know he thinks everything is a
part of the community you know so when
Levi comes over his house he's like you
could have it can I have this you know
what I mean
good question knows you like any
mainstream rappers yeah like a lot of
mainstream rappers I like well I mean a
lot of you know I like coal like
Kendrick I like Drake I'm like 2 Chainz
I like I like a lot of rappers I like
logic I don't really dislike too many
things I can find appreciate an
appreciation a lot even the new guys you
know what I'm saying I just I'm just not
gonna be the dude that's like old and
hey you know I mean do I like kod yeah I
love care the ethic in your religion was
legendary on the road was on any level
yeah the religion was a great record if
you want to starting point for me you
can like that was like my lag that's how
you knew I was done wrapping and I on
that song on that album good religion we
did this song called that I can't
remember
Oh answer the call and I actually said
peace to the dudes I was rapping with
Lonnie John John is my brother-in-law
who's on some of my best friends but I
said peace tone when I was like you know
never get on the record again I just
want to say this and I and after that I
was like look we're not gonna we're not
doing this anymore think even knowing
what you do my name is Toby or watched
every day so glad to bring beautiful
nights and fathers perfection and
imperfection and then I was happy when
you yo meet amazingly actually connect
more than you guys think we actually
connect a lot amen
I love plantain chips Thank You plantain
chips those are my favorites anymore any
more real questions I like to go super
deep and answer some things what's the
play button about I'm late yeah so when
you hit 100,000 subscribers
YouTube sends you like an award and this
is the official play button award this
is the newer version and this is my
award so yeah when he joked about
cutting his stitches out of his pockets
I laugh so hard it's funny but in a
deeper in deeper thought I do you think
he would learn for me um I think yeah
like you gotta have trusted you gotta be
trusted to have pockets you don't have
sand like what you really need Pakistani
where you're five uh actually did cop
out that's not his pants
you know I my name cutting out all his
pants but I was like man either your go
go over to homies house pants and he
ain't got pockets your okay is
comforting to me a mint
Idina congrats again do you ever plan on
and willing the kings of public school
so good question Calvin yes um I would
like to release my children into the
public school system or wherever they
want to go I don't know if that's a good
starting place for a child I think that
children should be have a foundation and
be released and they should be effective
in that cult and that uh that
environment they shouldn't be like
overly affected you know I'm saying they
should go with the foundation and be
implement into the system good question
what was your son into how was the
sponsor been to your book it's been
really good I just got the audio version
recently okay am I gonna write more yes
but I have to get a better like a better
situation I have to promote my book more
there's a lot of learning about writing
a book in that process
so we're there being a collaboration
with you and Evelyn from the Internet's
to Z or are these I hope so
me and to Z have been talking about it
Evelyn and I try to do a collab it just
didn't go that well so we never put it
out in Jersey is amazing I just love her
I love all those women they're all
amazing and strong and powerful and they
all inspire me so please check out
Evelyn from the Internet's jillsy and
holly's please check your like to check
your progress how many language do you
speak one other than speaking is there
anything else you really like to do yeah
I have a lot of plans and I really can't
say them all right now because some of
them are so far-fetched like you know so
I got flow conference what up Gabe
thanks for coming through on 14 year old
kid I'm gonna bunch of videos I love how
you could found this to your kids
behavior growing up I didn't really have
freedom and all my dad over did
everything I hope you were going to
appreciate that one day and I'm sorry
that's your you feel very confined right
now sir ma'am I don't know can you and
Yvette do a video a homeschooling tips I
don't think that would be appropriate
right now I think we have to get better
at that I think you bet we'll say that
but I'll try to convince her to do that
on the body videos thank you
shoutout Gabe um how do you anyone I
grew up with no father just to see you
do what you do the spies need to be in
my kid's life and the time is right I
just watched it yeah you know being a
dad is very difficult
everything's on the fly everything's on
the fly what I'll David everything's on
the fly you know I'm say so you're
learning and you having to make
decisions right at that moment and so
being a parent is hard I have a lot more
grace with my parents but at the same
time I know what you know saying I don't
know I have a lot more grace for my
parents but I also know like how hard it
is but I'm also only a parent to my
oldest kid is five you know i'm sanna so
they need me now but they're gonna need
me even more in the future you know so I
hope I stay consistent as a father are
you coming back to flood 2019 I just
want to go to a 10 next year flood
conferences dope if you're in the North
Carolina area you need to go to the
flood conference that was amazing I got
so inspired thank you so much
jay williams i'll not you and
eleven-year-old doing commentary thank
you um how do you know you're ready to
get married
great question i don't know if you're
ever ready i don't know if you ever
ready to sacrifice your life for someone
I'll know if you ever ready to like you
don't really understand what it means
but that's when you already like I chose
Yvette because I knew I wanted to spend
the rest of my life serving her not
getting stuff from her but serving her
you know what I'm saying
and so when you're when you can honestly
say like I want to serve this woman or
this man for the rest of my life then I
think you're ready because that's all
marriage is it's like service in their
question is your birth name belief no my
birth name was bland bland Glenn one in
bling glba
I how did you know you that was the one
it wasn't like I knew it was like that's
who I chose you know truth is I told a
lot of people enthused me you know
Yvette homo man she's just such like an
amazing person is so hard to explain you
know it's just really hard to explain
she's she's just her own piece you know
what I mean
and um she's got so much good in her it
like was obvious you know nothing that I
was willing to do whatever I had to do
to like love her too I died
you know I mean books are you currently
reading I don't read books audio book a
lot um the book on audio booking right
now is look I'm listening to right now
is
to get the name of it out of one friends
and influence people or something like
that
could you rap for us not right now I'm
not gonna rat ran I'm soloing plus our
bars right now I can freestyle but it's
not so I'm not the greatest freestyle in
the world my next one you have any ideas
for detention
you haven't any idea of potential future
careers for your your kids whatever they
want to do I just want to give them the
tools to do everything you know to do
anything they want so if they're in the
cooking they're gonna be in the kitchen
if they're like whatever they curious I
just want to give them an opportunity to
learn how do you come up with the boys
names Theophilus means lover of God a
friend of God your eye means flame of
God or light of God and the 90 means
God's promise fields name was found out
in the Bible study this guy named Gabby
he's a producer his wife Brianna was a
friend of ours gave us your eyes named
at Maggie in truth wedding with an
awesome friend of ours and Ania
you guys actually gave us that name
several times because we made a video
body what any event I meet Point Loma
Nazarene University I was DJing there
and doing poetry she was a part of the
BSU and that's where we met but we
didn't end up dating for like two years
later what's up with Sara George did did
y'all keep in contact I still follow her
on Instagram and she follows me and we
kind of that was never my connect that
was a friend of mine Sara Jones just an
amazing singer at the end of my song
heartbreak on my record she's saying
that she's incredible just incredible
boys and so I loved her voice and I'd
love to work with her again I just
wanted to be worth worth it for her I
want to pay her like was she I feel like
she deserves you know um Yvette he's
actually from Oceanside but her family
is from Columbus I think come on
Michelle come on no I'm trying to Danny
and my dad's from Trinidad my mom's from
Baltimore that is not she's she's not
from the islands oh she's coming back
serving her and now that is respectful
beautiful wonderful words from a true
protective warrior
yeah and that's interesting so Princess
Shireen sorry yeah so I wasn't always
this guy you know what I'm saying
I was very like horrible version of
myself
I wasn't always the father or the
husband I am
it was my relationship with you vet that
helped me become groom me up into this a
lot of people and this is not saying
like we're goals but like people are
talking like man I want a relationship
like this and it's not so much the
relationship you have to see the
potential and the person that you're
kind of vetting you know what I mean and
so I know that he that wasn't who she is
now then you know what I mean she's
grown crazy amount and so I believe that
things would get better for us when it
was rough and that I would love her to
the point where she would be you know
who she is now and become better and
better you know but I don't feel like if
I would have went in thinking that's who
I want to be with for the rest of my
life because she's good enough now she
would she would then evolve and change
into a mother she would then evolve and
change into you know a stay-at-home mom
and a person who serves in her community
and all these other things so it's not
like I was always like this like she she
trained me well I trained her well it's
a becoming like better for each other
that's crazy that's really really crazy
um I mean you think about that do I have
any other albums yes good religion
dreams junkies red pills black sugar
videos gift there'll be videos you're
also on this was got about five months
and I enjoy every video could you say my
name x-men to YouTube whitey have you
ever had
YouTube strike I'm at a video taking now
come you to truce yeah I'm gonna be your
chicken down well my favorite videos I
got taken out I don't know why but it
did did you ever look at the changing
pad that keeps baby's hands clean I've
seen that man the one that kind of comes
out right here yeah I seen it
somebody was like yo you should get this
and I was like I should but at that time
like now I know he doesn't really do
that as much anymore and I'm just faster
Baltimore look into Harbor now his place
is killing me
yeah if you've never been out of bottom
I think if she leaves
I mean it's mandatory I think you should
go somewhere they said it maybe come
back but I think you should go for sure
would you do more song when John gives
you know John John is my brother right
so a while ago he's my brother-in-law so
I see that's real brother right so he
don't need no more rappers around them
he got a nod a lot of people who are
musicians but he does need another
brother you know I'm saying so I'm
committed to being his brother and
that's basically that keep working out
man thanks I am and I will what has kept
you grounded in your walk with Christ I
think community I think a lot of people
I have a huge group of people who always
hold me down and keep me like focused
and help me with the talking the times
like I'm not feeling it and stuff like
that yeah people who's my biggest
inspiration I have a lot of different
inspirations um it just depends on for
what thing man answer discipline how
long did it take you to get 100 kids I
didn't answer that start YouTube October
19 2015 so I think it took a year in six
months two years or six months I'm sorry
eight months
so using England's
can I get one of those puppy shirts you
can buy one a little bit cost when we
get everything figured out
Laurel I heard Laurel first I heard
Yanni and then he switched into Laurel
one at 10:00 flood conference was a good
night for me I don't really think I
should have been on the bill but uh it
was it was not for me
yeah they trying to trying to get us
back to Toronto in the fall or something
you have any merchandise for sale only
have the books right now in the CDs all
the shirts and all the hats are sold out
been watching since the first episode
the growth has been incredible thank you
so much that's love Jessie nobody
brought things to say my name or her
word J more who helps you come up with
the ideas for your videos me nobody I
don't know what you said you wouldn't
release the first long until you got 500
so that's petty yeah cry every time i
watch the birth of your daughter every
time you know words are so beautiful
thank you
it's just a new design for the play
button yeah this is the new design right
here it's a mirror and it it doesn't
it's not silver is definitely metal but
if the color is silver yeah I know
silver is a metal but it's not like
silver but it does have like little
hanky in the back and I'm gonna put this
on my palate wall in the garage so what
kind of merchandise you want for the
chocolate babies I don't think I think I
don't know what we're gonna do with the
chocolate babies brand but we need to do
something would you ever leave Callie mm
to visit I mean Callie is like I love it
here you know I don't want to move ever
I'm from Baltimore I'm not moving
what is your favorite food my favorite
food is ox tails ox tail my grandmother
makes it she told me how to make it's my
favorite food ever in gumbo I like gumbo
a lot as a parent do you ever think
about the past times when you didn't
have the role responsibilities and you
could play well and other things other
side of the coin not being a parent
coming yeah yeah I do think about that
Benjamin thanks for asking
I think about that my wife I miss my
wife I don't get to spend as much time
with her as I used to I love I took for
granted all the time that we had
together now I miss her a lot I think
about that a lot all right um how do i
how do i balance businesses and family
family takes priority and that's
probably because i'm such like a i'm a
family dude i'm oriented like someone
called me and this was an insult but
they were like oh he's a beta male you
know they were like trying to disrespect
me then I looked up what a beta male was
cuz I didn't know and I was all yeah I'm
pretty much a beta male you know I'm
saying like raised by a woman I have a
different perspective of what manhood
looks like you know what I mean I think
I am anyway and so family comes way
higher on the spectrum of importance
than anything else
business I would like to be selfish and
cook business first but that's just not
that's just not what I know you know
what I'm saying that's not what I know
to be true my son comes in my daughter
comes in I stop I think about them you
know all that I'm still mad at you for
not trusting people with androids
yeah just cuz I don't trust y'all mean I
like you you know I'm saying I don't
trust a lot of people you know which one
of your kids is most behaved
none of them they're all misbehaving in
like their own way like for a baby and I
is
no she's learning how to listen that
she's not like behaving uriah just don't
give a hell he don't care about nothing
nobody thinks he must really want to do
and feels always testing the boundaries
today
Ania Lucas quit he just sat there and
let her lick his foot and he that was
and I heard it all gone down I said
email did you get it
hello I don't know Julia I think I did
get it Julia
and I wanted to write you a letter back
because was very heartfelt and I just
could not like I couldn't just respond
be a video or read it like he wanted me
to but I felt like it was so much sin in
your letter Julia that I just I was like
kind of stuck and I read it to my wife
and she was stuck to when you just both
like how do we respond to this but
Julianne to appreciate me and I need to
write you back sorry
um I love how you swing the order of the
bass we have for you also accurate I
changed my address
okay well I'm gonna need your address
can you think people change forever
yes going into high school any advice uh
I had a horrible career high school man
um in high school you just care so much
about what everyone thinks you know I'm
saying in middle schools the same thing
like he just cares so much about other
people you care so much about what's
going on even their gossip is poppin all
just stay focused like you high school
what it's for try to find extra work of
extracurricular activities gonna add
value to your personhood like don't sell
yourself short by being lazy through
this these four years of your life that
I don't know if that was good advice do
you produce some of your beats
very rarely not not anything on the vlog
I haven't produced my own but like some
of my stuff on my album that has been on
the blog yes long yes um hello how
shotting you out the kids are at the
grandmother's house my wife's mom her
aunts in town so they're saying hi hey
Dina what's your favorite part of being
married that's your question that is a
nice plaque what up Ian can I borrow it
in we should do a swap so we swap swap
swap you come live over here for weekend
we just live in your house for a week
and all your kids all six of them can
sleep on these bunk beds and we could
stay in the cold where you live at
because we need to get away that's on it
Vanessa leader for life she's our friend
she's always sending us stuff and she's
actually helped me figure out that we're
gonna be meeting at Bryant Park in New
York City this Wednesday at 5:30 5:30 at
Bryant
Park in New York City Manhattan if
you're there come through and hang out
with us meet up I can send my new
address via Facebook group great I don't
know if you bring your children to
church often how do you see your wife
and the church will be leading them to
Christ's salvation how do you feel the
wife and the church I don't understand
that question you are not a beta male
you're still at alpha both unibit are
power out for a couple children and wife
should always be on time yes yeah I
don't know i don't know i don't get
insults i don't get insults or sarcasm
like i don't have time for that right so
someone's insulting me sometime get it
you know I mean someone's like being
sarcastic I understand you know I'm
saying I don't get it like because I'm
because I'm trusting you with my time in
my ears I expect you not to waste my
time and then when you do I feel like oh
you joking Jeremiah what up man any more
beats but I hope you situations getting
better um but I appreciate that train I
appreciate that princess Shireen that
new play button looks a lot better than
the overs and I'm sorry I guess we could
train scratch out my name and then put
your name here cuz I just wanted one you
don't have sent I actually like the
vintage style at least I think I do
anyway you know someone's calling me on
super fun right now somebody's calling
me ah Adina I'd love to see you again
Adina that'd be awesome if you come see
me up if you can make it if not I'ma be
in New York for a couple days afterwards
so we maybe do a part to it and whatever
somebody all can't make it someone's
calling you I y'all I'm gonna head out
soon
when did you start making music I
started making music when I was 20 yeah
2005 in November
2005 I wrote my first run I'm also
producer would love to see me some beats
away in case you want to use them okay
sure
send me the most lit joints um the
chocolate babies are at the
grandmother's house when are you coming
back to the bay I don't know I don't
know when we'll come back to the bay did
you come to the meetup though crystal
you look familiar to me cuz any plans
for a new album no I have no plans for a
new album I'm 33 actually I just turned
30 more things on May 8th job music on
okay I'll drop some use my iTunes for
sure coming to Texas I'm coming to Texas
in July I'm coming to Dallas in July
wait a minute you oh no I missed that
one okay you missed the one in the bay
see that's your fault you could have met
the chocolate babies and all that but I
have no plans to put out a new album for
sure Gabe I will pray for you I promise
what this cuz me it means cuz you mean I
had to work okay
I understand a word word word anymore
like pressing questions you guys want to
know anything anybody come into Boston
we're gonna be at the elevation
conference and in Boston I'm all be
there next weekend can we get a
chocolate babies dance montage soon
starring Anaya alright she likes a song
icon a lot so I'll have to go ahead and
throw that together for you for sure
maybe when I get back in town come to
Chicago
coming in Chicago July 19th through the
21st it just be me though coming back to
North Carolina
I'm not I don't know when nothing's on
the books right now for North Carolina
what happens if my kid don't turn to God
I just love them get away you know I'm
saying my children that you know God
loved me before I turn to him - no need
oh all right so um why isn't the fam in
the Navy for the YouTube play by q1 why
was it a famine in life Oh for the there
they're not here they're they're out at
Grandma's house yeah family in town when
will you put more particular shirts I
don't know I'm not really crazy about
the designer to protect your life design
anymore I think I want something a
little bit more better and so I don't
know I think I want to like phase out
that one and then that's it when it's
friend dropping the mixtape definitely
before I put out an album that's for
sure you know getting the chocolate
babies Julia getting the chocolate
babies on a piece of heroin long
something um getting the chocolate
babies on a record is really difficult
it's hard because they they have OCD and
they want to touch the mic it's really
hard and I don't want to like get angry
one patient but one of these days yeah
yeah I'll be in NYC New York City Matt
and Bryant Park 5:30 on Wednesday I'll
be there for about two hours you can
hang out do Q&A take some pictures kick
it just kick it if you had one thing to
change in their life what would you do
one thing that's change in my life
I'd like I'd still have hair he's that
afraid small threads beautiful hair it's
all gone
that's actually really sad depressed oh
yes Boston come through i'ma be in
Boston next weekend that Pheo play
karate man yeah he he loves karate
anybody else who well I do want to say I
appreciate y'all well I do want to say
that um we get it and it just gets no
better than this you know what I'm
saying
this is us I don't watch that show but
this is us you know I mean so thank you
guys so much for continually watching
even though y'all don't watch
consistently because I know y'all
probably like the binge watch you know I
do really really really appreciate you
consistently being a part of our
Internet try consistently being involved
and caring and asking about the kids and
asking about our lives and loving on us
from afar you guys supported us when the
car got stolen
yeah you're actually sending me to New
York most of you guys donated my wife
asked for you guys to help me get there
and you donated to our cause and so you
guys making this trip possible and so
I'm very proud to be part of your
community as well and a representative
of you know fatherhood in this way and
that you know we can kind of colabor in
this I'm just so honored that you pay me
attention that's crazy and so I have so
much to give to you guys I just want to
make sure I'm giving it in the best way
possible and a healthy way for myself
and so I won't ever sacrifice my family
for that
and I hope you guys know that and I'll
be guys trust me get your attention and
trust me with your time and you know
myself the body amazed me slicing rice
please Evelyn from the Internet's Josey
like like all my friends you know all
care you know what I'm saying so it's
not just us right here
like like trying to flex and like
accomplish these things like we all care
about our communities and the people
that pay attention so I hope you guys
know that so shout out to all the homies
I really do appreciate all you guys man
I feel like a Monday Tara right now but
yeah I just I really do you know
so yeah y'all I see y'all next week most
you guys gonna be in New York I'll see
you guys on Wednesday people who are in
Boston come to the elevation companies
please follow me on Instagram believe
smell that belief smell follow me on
Instagram I'll keep you guys updated I'm
gonna be heavily posting on Instagram
this week because I want you guys to be
involved shut up I notice I know that
Selena show us what crying looks like
when I notice aleena but yeah I'm gonna
be heavily like posting and Instagram
and stories and other stuff all this
week because I'll be in New York and so
believe it cuz I'll be gone you know she
gets real petty when I'm gone so yeah
your address I shall particular TV
network copy peace
