50 reps
I mean why not
good
I've got so far it's been since Jan you
were like this third week in January so
there's been pretty consistent no sample
usually I go out of town and stuff in
there like hums inconsistent it becomes
a consistent because of schedule but the
hope is that you know we keep going to
Thompson we can work out on our own but
it's a part of our lifestyle you know
what I'm saying but it's hard like
because every day you feel like it's
your first day because the trainers
actually goes crazy every single time
stuff you usually will do and the eating
is always difficult today I like that
doesn't last time I actually really
worked out was maybe like as long as 23
or 24 that I was 8 oh wow or something
like that like consistently working out
or just been to the gym consistently
okay yes and then after that I was just
kind of it intermittently watched it
twice a week once a week every other
week what was the purpose for them I was
um I was marked always about martial
artists Oh what I was like instructing
oh shoot art so I was like what's the
black boat what yeah I was doing for
like 23 years 2023 are you serious yeah
I did not know that
yeah why why don't you continue to do
that
that Elaina
it always starts with the wise look I
met this girl you know saying I ain't
want to work out no more that's dope
though man so why wouldn't you keep
doing that I think that's just such a
skill you can pass on to your children
like it's such a gift it is but at the
same time I feel like I don't have that
time to like indeed like I want to be
able to focus that time you know I mean
and if I can't focus that time I feel
like there's other things that I don't
have because I could give that over like
I need to have patience I need em I need
to have be able to tolerate them and I
usually I can but then like if I'm
thinking about a schedule or something
like that I think about something else
here and there then like those things
aren't coming into place where I even
want to do it I'm saying yes but don't
shoot but do you feel that things can
flow from that like so you start the day
with the title like morning warm-up and
then everything else kind of like you
it's like self alone cuz that's like as
a stay-at-home dad my issue is that I
don't love myself I'm always sacrificing
giving giving giving and so when it's
time for me to really output I'm giving
my feelings I'm empty
you know what I'm saying and so recently
like watching my wife because she's very
much like self loving like she loves
like taking care of herself you know and
she knows she needs time with the girls
but I'll always sacrifice and I think
knowing that
like I know now that I don't if I'm not
like in a good space I'll give them the
worst of me you know what I'm saying
yeah I feel pretty much exactly the same
I feel like a lot of times I'm serving
I'm not doing things that I guess
elevate my own self so that I can serve
better yeah I do end up with that
dilemma where I feel like I'm just kind
of
I got gave all I could give now that's
another day I got to do it all over
again so what is that when do you feel
like you need to change this like when
is it like alright by this point I'm
going to I'm going to start didn't hear
myself because at some point you're
gonna have to do it
I'm not really sure
hey baby
I've always thought that like
occasionally but I don't really know
exactly how to tweak it to where like I
can serve and you know self love at the
same time because there's just a lot of
responsibilities a lot of deadlines and
schedules kind of figure it out
have you been have you been able to
juggle it pretty well yeah well I
realized that the schedule for you to
being any things that I have to
accomplish like all those things are
good but the best thing for me is to
take care of myself and I realize in
like my mom's having health issues she's
fifty trip
my dad's having issues he's 53 or
something you know I'm saying like
they're all having health issues and so
in order for me to be it as successful
Riya don't put your finger in her mouth
what's wrong with you you keep your
fingers in your pocket is something
that's weird I don't want to hear
nothing it's weird don't do that just
say okay all right thanks what okay ask
her mom to get it out sign your eye are
the same things coming out your butt
yeah like like for the long run you know
who the future because I'm watching like
my dad's dad like yearn for my dad to
come and take care of him you know what
I'm saying if my dad doesn't care take
care of Miss up either me and my sister
gonna have to do you know what I mean so
it's like why I put why do that to my
children to put them in a position where
my means like by any means on my part
I'm gonna do everything I can to keep
taking myself to my children I have to
bear that burden yeah and I just feel
like just we don't do it then we're
really making it hard for our children
I didn't really think about like that I
always thought like you know you gotta
take care of yourself so that you can
take care of the kids better but then
the next step after that I don't really
think about
they're gonna have a baby take care of
you it's guaranteed
you know it's guaranteed because I'm
watching like even my wife's a mother
and she cares so much about these
children she cares so much about us she
sacrificed gives you gives you give but
she doesn't
self-love enough you know what I'm
saying
and so like
Evette he's very good at taking care of
herself as well and taking care of the
kids but as a father like I have to take
care of myself like it's really
important because no one's going to
nurture me no one's gonna care for me no
one's going to you know what I'm saying
like I slept oh yeah I mean at some
point I stopped caring about like my
haircut it's like you just let yourself
well let myself go yeah and that's why I
like I'll be wearing sweatpants like
every single day thank you say like I
really have to start trying harder to
take care of myself that looks so cool
on you buddy what is it yeah the diaper
bag
yes that's it I guess I guess that's
pretty loud unless you want to say no no
like I really want to know at the end of
the day when are you gonna start you
don't say like what's your plan - like I
gotta prioritize myself because well I
know I had that feeling all the time but
that's all to be able to hear that
happen not the house but the execution I
don't know what that looks like yeah
like I do have that yearning that
feeling that comes up everything every
so often yeah I just don't know how to
how to make it actually work consistent
yes come here baby
being a part of a family exposes how
often we think of ourselves because we
are part of a smaller community or tribe
we have to remember to consider the
people we're around for parents this is
especially hard because since our babies
are born we think in sacrificial terms
we sacrifice sleep we go without eating
and give up on a lot of opportunities
because we understand what our
responsibility is and what an honor it
is to be a parent however we can't
forget about self-love the importance of
developing good habits that are going to
attribute to our overall value of being
human there's a period of parenthood
that is mostly sacrifice and what you
get in return are the smiles and
appreciation of your children but they
need something from us too they need us
to be well strong and prepared for them
you guys know me my moniker my main
thing I always say is protect your life
but if I'm honest I haven't really been
protecting my life me making my health a
priority is going to have a greater
outcome on my children than if I chose
to neglect it because I lack time now
everybody has their seasons and this may
not be for you right now
but and you have the opportunity to take
that time and love yourself
I hope you two are ready because they
are it's breakfast we have your favorite
cereal milk can great for lunch we'll
pack chips
sandwiches and cake not going to sleep
was a very big mistake breakfast and
loaded up the car they had a short drive
into town there wasn't fun then Papa
turned around and said do you know where
we are
everybody can help okay with drool on
their face
snoring from their nose peaceful as can
be together seeing both babies fast
asleep
Papa turn the car back around and said
okay chocolate babies I guess it's
bedtime now in the motor
