I'll take that thank you good morning
everyone
sorry I'm late guys it's hot today's
been a really rough morning
how many welcome to how married are you
yeah no that's not that's not what we're
saying this is just alive this is just
alive we were supposed to go back to the
trampoline park
however oh shoot I'm supposed to have
moderators in here for all the trolls I
forgot to do that I know I forgot to
send moderators in here good morning
everyone
I wanted to go ahead and do a Q&A that's
a question and answering type situation
whatever
where are you sure I don't care okay
that's what I'll do
I found a way to do it so in Chelsey's
here Renee is here I love you guys to
moderate how do you want step on the
computer how do you do that we just step
right on it thank you
walks around thanks Anaya ribose stop it
so no baby no no no no no I don't
recognize any of these names and these
people who are asking to be your
moderator I'm sorry yo today today is
today is one of those rough mornings
what's wrong with you baby you don't
want to say hi say I told you to be
people yeah
patrons Shannara I think you're a patron
right anyway I just wanted to check in
with y'all I gotta fold this laundry
it's a lot of laundry you know and the
kids are plugging this morning it's been
a it's been a rough morning so far
screen is lagging I think that because I
want to certain Wi-Fi and it's cameras
just on the laptop is the camera not
doing well I'm sorry guys if it's
lagging why'd you let me check and see
if any of my patrons from the Facebook
group are in here and then we'll we'll
get it going well basically it's gonna
be a QA asking questions answering
questions
the screen is lagging on then you try to
connect to a different Wi-Fi is it
working
yes working it's good now okay
okay awesome thank you
let's go ahead and check and see if
anybody's in here
okay awesome yeah so anyway I want to
talk to you guys about next week I'm
dropping a creative for change video
with YouTube and so basically I was
selected to be a part of the creators to
change ambassadors of 2018 hey yo hey yo
yo na get off of her you get out
can you go on my bed you go play in your
room that'd be awesome I'm sometimes yo
like it's like it's a lot you know what
I mean and it's so much that you're like
you just overwhelmed and my wife has to
deal with it on a consistent basis I
already have to deal with it for a
little bit and even when I'm dealing
with it it's just a lot you know what I
mean because I don't even know sometimes
and sometimes when you guys tell me like
why do you always tell your kids to go
away yo cuz you need a break when you go
at work you leave work and you don't
come back until the next day and that is
called time off or you go on lunch and
you get a break or you have a 15-minute
break or 10-minute break right parents
don't really get breaks we just
consistently have to deal with the thing
over and over and over again and
sometimes it's really hard to manage you
know someone asked me how old I am
I'm 33 years old this is a lot of
laundry I don't even know if I'm gonna
get through it okay cool I have one my
pigeons in here adding her as a
moderator miss Lewis
we get to go let me just get
confirmation from Miss Lewis because
that is uh very important to me so the
important thing is like why I have them
why have a moderators because most of
you guys like you feel comfortable
coming in here and it irritates you
thank you so much it irritates you when
um you know you guys see people like
calling the kids names I call the me
names and I'm gonna create a safe space
for everyone all right Vanessa just came
in another moderator boom and so we're
good thank you guys okay yeah and so
next week I'm droppin a video for my
creators to change project this was the
hardest thing I had to do this whole
summer some of you guys may have not
known but it got really slow around
August on the channel and that's because
I was working for my creators for Change
project and I did this story I told the
story about a man who got out of prison
about a year and a half ago and he
joined our community now it's very
reluctant to have this person joining
our community because he just got out of
prison I had a small baby it's kind of
like an but he's like a fan like he was
like yo I really want to come through
and record something I don't have the
words to the court and they were like oh
you gotta meet Glenn at the church and I
was like well what we gotta meet me for
you noticing like it's other people here
who got you know recording equipment and
stuff like that but uh I kind of like I
just like kind of reached out to him say
hey man you know I didn't want to be
that guy judging judging you you know
saying because of what you've been
through what you experienced I wanted to
be that person that was like yo I had a
rough life ended up like being one of
the best things for me because it
changed my perspective on how people are
team and like how they transition back
into society so
I had to kind of allow this person to be
himself in front of me and my family and
that was kind of scary for him because
he didn't know whether and now he would
be accepted now when I say this guy went
to prison he was in jail for nine years
you know what I mean he had been in and
out of prison his whole life since he
was 14 he's 37 now and so it was it was
a very hard decision for me to allow him
on in my community but ultimately I
ended up changing my perspective because
he see things differently when my kids
are tripping
he loves the sound of them running and
acting a fool you don't have sand he
loves some of the conflicts I was having
with my wife he loved it because it was
like man oh my goodness yes
this baby is so adorable and you put a
backer on the baby no you didn't all
right
so cute yes yeah and like he got to be
himself in our community and like we
would like have parties like at the
first chocolate babies um other first
the second the first time second
chocolate baby Halloween party he was
like yo after the event it was like a
bunch of kids there and he was like yo
thank you for giving me a safe place to
be human you know what I'm saying and so
it just really opened my eyes to how
much it can mean to someone just to
allow them to be a part of your
community and this dude got to be a part
of our community was like it was like a
really big deal so the video comes out
on November 12 and I really want you
guys to pay attention it drops at 5 a.m.
if you can join and check out the video
it would mean a lot to me you could give
me a budget and so it's not gonna look
anything like a belief in fatherhood
video that you've seen it's gonna look
totally different and it's a
conversation between two black men about
how it feels to be black and the title
of the videos called do you fear black
men and basically were asking this
question to each other what was the fear
that you had joining our community and
what was my fear for you joining our
community you want him saying so
uh that's kind of uh the the the subject
thank you so much for being a part of
this little live here and thank you so
much to our moderators who are killing
it I didn't realize there was so much
negativity because these lives but I
think you guys for being here um anyway
yeah so that video was what I spent
basically the whole summer doing I had
to like get permission from each person
who was on camera which was ridiculous I
never had to do that before it was so
much it was so much stress it's gonna
Elliott Jeremiah what up now there's no
sound jeez
can you guys hear well good to go good
to go
thank you so much for the compliment on
a TED talk the TED talk was amazing not
my I'm not saying my TED talk was
amazing but the experience was pretty
awesome and I loved every minute of it
and so what happens is like I'll say I'm
folding clothes or really I just fold my
clothes you know because when I fold my
wife's clothes she judges me she looks
at me like I'll do it you know what I
mean so I'll be folding her clothes well
now how do you fold like underwear like
women's underwear like I don't know how
schools are looking at in so I start and
I don't really have a finish right she
get mad but I saw the other channels
that I love shout out daily Davison's
shut out the jacksons did I have a
chocolate on Instagram they are amazing
as said by me gaben babe friends of mine
Mays Lee of course Elise Evelyn from the
Internet's that happy family all friends
of mine people I'd love to work with
people I love to see or my life like I
don't know if this is supposed to be
folded or hung up like I don't know my
wife wants to do with this shirt
like it seems like it's supposed to be
hung up but ain't no more rumor her
closet you know what I'm saying
you'll believe what's the most
challenging aspect of being a black
parent parents in black kids are there
things you have to teach your kids that
you know that otherwise I don't and
otherwise if they weren't black uh it's
no question the thing is like I don't
worry about why people have to teach
their kids you don't saying like it's
not like oh I'm black so I teach my kids
this it's like I'm gonna teach my
children everything they have to know
for their survival but I don't think
about it as a life or if I was white I
wouldn't have to do that you don't I
mean it's an honor to be able to prepare
my children for life it's an honor to be
able to prepare my daughter for you know
being a working professional it's an
honor to prepare my sons to be men of
integrity I'll put it to you like this
as the they're right like like as
an adolescent boy I was very and I
always say this and some people that all
know you weren't cuz they remember you
from high school but they don't know
like what I was like about my my
intimate personal time right I was like
really really average you know what I'm
saying like I treated women terribly you
know and as a father it's my
responsibility to teach my son's how to
treat women
so so how they treat their sister is
really important to me sometimes and I
talked about this on patreon some of you
guys want patron in the patron group
know this like we talked about consent
consent is something that we teach from
a very very young age
and the reason I say that is because
like my daughter rocks around and I say
hey now give me a kiss and if she
doesn't give me a kiss sometimes I'll
kiss her on the cheek you know what I
mean
her brother sees that and she does it as
well and they do it as well so it's
important for them to know that hey and
me to be like yo and I can have a kiss
and she says no then I don't get a kiss
from her and my sons have to see me
respect the opinion in the the the
consent of my daughter that she doesn't
want affection right now you know what
I'm saying
sometimes they'll be like I want a hug
she won't give me a hug and they get mad
that's that is a form of being like yo
you can't get upset because she doesn't
want to give you affection she doesn't
owe you affection like I have to teach
them that at this age which is freaking
crazy you know what I'm saying like I
don't think people thought like this on
a broad scale back when I was a kid you
know what I mean that's just one aspect
of it there was this lady going around
talking about how um you should ask your
kids consent before you change their
diaper and everyone was like I know you
shouldn't do that did I did it enough
but since that day I have been asking
Ania permission to change her diaper and
telling her like listen babe I had to
change her diaper and she says no and I
say did you poop and she goes yes and I
say do you think and then we just have
this conversation I say look I have to
change her diaper can I change the
diaper now and I keep asking her because
I want her to have the right to say no
like she needs that and even if she
tells me like yeah I don't want my
diaper change there's a safety issue
with like you're gonna get a diaper rash
you know she can get an infection I have
to change a diaper but she still has to
know that she has the right to refuse
that's freaking nuts
um trying to go through more of these
questions are you fearful for them to
attend public school no kind of yeah you
know it comes with maturity I'm sure
this is my life yeah it comes with
maturity I think they should be they
should go into school to be affected
we're trying to go out in the learning
academy right now justjust because he's
the most mature like you're I bow at
Theo's age won't be able to attend
school he's just not mature enough you
know see it's just get folded or hung up
it feels like he gets folded but the
weight of it feels flowy and like you
would want it to be kind of hung up so
all the wrinkles get knocked on it
before you wear it I'm come a complete
man when it comes to like this type of
stuff she's gonna be so irritated but
one day I'm gonna get better too I mean
I got my whole life to do this um so
yeah I do want them to go to school but
I want them to be ready you know right
now like I feel like school is good for
Theo but at the same time I don't
necessarily believe that because as I
think he's mature enough he's mature in
the sense that he knows how to interact
with other kids but he's not yes he's
not mature enough in the sense that he
knows what's right from wrong and he
knows how to do the right thing and make
the right decision at all times and at
you can't really expect that from a
five-year-old
even though theni Theo was a very genius
kid he's not like I don't trust him to
make the right decisions at this point
so we're probably gonna pull them out of
the Learning Academy after the semester
because you know you know how it is I'm
some of you guys don't know a place it's
really hard to get around these certain
like issues with privacy and like
affection to what other people
um stuff like so important so we're
still trying to figure out those
boundaries most of the time we remove it
sometimes when a field does go to school
Yvette goes with him because it's like
it's it's not a school but it's like a
Learning Academy that's kind of like a
charter situation so or co-op is what
they call it so Yvette has to volunteer
sometimes - sometimes I struggle to deal
with the idea of race in relation to
kids do you emphasize their blackness or
just teach them to be good person know
they will know that they are chocolate
kids and that their skin is beautiful
see men right now and see their plan in
the bathroom that's what I'm talking
about I'm not very flexible so I'm
walking with my laptops get the toys go
upstairs in your room
she said up there playing with toilet
paper we have a baby gay for a reason
who let her in the bathroom Uriah Rai
said no but I know it's true cuz where I
don't lie anyway
you guys should stay entertained I mean
like if I had cameras all around this
place it would be the funniest thing
ever because the stuff that happens then
I don't get on camera is completely nuts
someone asks a different question about
consent oh I have a question for all
males and here including belief what if
anything do you feel your responsibility
is responsibility towards females in
trouble expressed in trouble especially
if you don't know them I don't know
so females in trouble like in person and
I see someone being harmed is that what
you mean why do I like being black you
know you don't have a choice in your
color you don't have a you don't have a
choice in where you're where you're born
you don't have a choice in who your
parents are you don't have a choice in
the language you speak of the food you
eat you know like you kind of grow up in
culture and so I love Who I am I love
myself and being black is a part of that
so I'm grateful that I grew up in
Baltimore I'm grateful that I moved to
California my dad lived out here I'm
grateful that I have this certain like
Baltimore s confidence in speech I'm
grateful that I grew up you know in the
environment I grew up in even though
sometimes that vibe that environment was
hot stop all those things make me who I
am and I realized that it's not that
oh you're black and you get teased about
it you only get teased but because of
the people around you God doesn't hate
the fact that you're black you made you
that way you know what I'm saying and
that was a privilege
and I feel I feel like black people are
to me you know so I feel like black
before very special people you know stop
it
stop touching it come over here simple
Papa because you won't you gonna keep
come here baby
okay can I just can I just rub your face
can I rub your face yeah yeah you like
it
there's something like that's this
awesome I don't know about my blackness
and I just love it it's kind of hard to
think about it if I don't know I can't I
can't make you love yourself you know
I'm saying but I look I love myself so
I'm you want to say hi can I have a kiss
yes okay no can I have - this mom
Thanks how do you feel about the current
state of CH h Christian hip-hop how do I
feel about okay you can give them a fist
bump you got to do it to the green
button right there
very good um you know CH h Christian
hip-hop I used to some of you guys may
not know I used to run and be a part of
like you know a subculture of hip-hop
which is Christian hip-hop and I don't
really feel anything toward it I love
the people in it most of the people are
my friends they support me heavily I'm a
big supporter of the top dogs in there
like MacRay and Andy and fizzle and I
like a lot of those people I just I
don't know I don't really think about it
as like how's the health of Christian
like I don't think about it like that
anymore
I don't my righteous simia yes sir
hey ya thank ya go get some out of the
printer in the garage the kids have
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches if
you want to pick something up for
yourself and maybe like some chicken
tenders for an ayah from chicka like
that might be cool and now take a I'll
take a I'll take a chicken sandwich it's
a prize someone said I miss jang
yi-jeong gives is very healthy how's
your uncle how's it okay John he's good
thank you now what you know about oppa
John like John oh yeah well your I likes
a song shame shame that's the name of
the song and the hook goes washes away
all of my sin yeah um is your is your
uncle John doing okay is he busy safe
yeah yes again uh he lives in LA so LA
so I liked it so late I just all the
kids from Anaya
is that okay oh and you know what we can
leave I told me you like that song Kiki
why do you like me you
is it for the money or is it for YouTube
metal no okay like sticky do you love me
because his he told me then his dad Rosa
he loves a song I wrote that song he
didn't write it that's for sure
but listen no no no he's he told me he
he sings Melissa well as long as you
sing he sings some other songs my god
would you look at my god that's all
oh my gosh okay listen well leave it
like this okay can't be quiet yeah oh my
goodness you wrote your name miss the
are though that's not Oh what what do
you would where did you spell this what
is it what is it say yes okay um yeah I
don't want to be a youtuber for the
money the reason why I'm a youtuber is
because I know that people that what
something easy you know what song I said
don't play me no I don't know what you
singing well I have listened to it okay
you're not letting me finish
everyone's cutting me off so thank you
so much Jay more for the donation I saw
that because he sent money now I'm not
saying that because of the money okay
you did you made an R don't tell me that
it wasn't are there before though
in the Harz factors okay good job fixed
to are though right I try again it looks
good nobody um okay so I like doing
YouTube because I know that there's
there's a group of people who do not
have proof of what a family looks like
in a good context and so some people
consider us that and so I do it so that
people can see proof that they can
people can see have proof that they can
be a father or a family or whatever
there's a whole movement of people that
are like yo I never want to have kids
you know there's a lot of Millennials
who are kind of like yeah I just want to
travel and have a wife or whatever and
they all see the value of having um
children where are you going
you're trying to step on the computer I
don't want you to do that and so I make
youtube videos so that people can see
what it's like to be a dad and so you
can see the real authentic look unless
to see like uh do you want to be a
parent or not you know I try not to
sugarcoat much I try not to make it look
glamorous and I think you guys know that
obviously but I also try to give it like
yo there are really fun times you know
like Tommy wants at a trampoline park
last week that was really fun yeah my
dad just don't any grab this is dope no
singing no tape no teeth they always
trying to take the take and make
something we take everywhere they be
taking a blue tape let's take two I like
that um what'd I ever do at YouTube red
series it's possible sure I'm not sure
what's in the cards for us right now I
really want to do this Frank thing I
love the idea Frank I think the contents
gonna be amazing and the team I have is
incredible so I really want to make that
happen
oh my gosh thank you so much kind of get
that boogie good and this another thing
about parents well your kid draws you a
picture how long are you supposed to
keep it for cuz I got like mad a whole
bunch of these you know I'm saying like
18 what rights 18 okay what you don't
need to do that okay then what do I do
with it after 18 months
well you draw me a picture what do I do
with it after 18 months
so you're keeping it from 18 months then
you have to give it this room
oh okay so it's like a it's like a it's
like some type of system where I just
send it out to someone else and someone
else keeps it's a giving picture that is
brilliant
does anyone want this Uriah wrote his
name backwards and if anyone wants it
I'll send it to you how about that you
know how to send it to if she wants it
is Julia Goodman cuz I still over a
letter who's my favorite friend your mom
your mama there's a dad joke and a mom
joke that was brilliant
please put the child's name and date on
it and stow it away when they get
married
back home feel good you can put it in
their hope chest thank you so much okay
so here's a good thing now Timothy is
the guy doing the video about the
creator's for change video about that
comes out on Monday hold on Monday
that's well so this next Monday this
video drops I've been working on it
forever I need all of your support all
of your views on it please this is the
most important thing I've done this
summer Theo what do you think about
Timothy
you know hey Ryan come in let me know
when you're done hiccuping come here I
want to talk to you hey what do you
think about Ryan what do you think about
Timothy you like Timothy is that it okay
Ania is 19 months now you're done oh and
also for those of you who have donated
to the campaign at the ten dollar range
this album that's coming out oh my gosh
why are you raising those paper from huh
what ribose where's your sister getting
this paper from stop it from happening
close the door or whatever go put that
back I don't want any more paper in here
he's having a baby that's right did he
have a son he does have a son what yeah
yeah yeah yes that's what you saw I just
saw it I know him like I like knows from
the question fun you vacuum you watch
watching oh yeah I did I think he
watches like it doesn't like superheroes
well you don't watch inventors Carlos
did you ask can I talk
and power choice someone asked that I
have dreads when I was younger
yes I had Gerasimov asunder like your
hair my hair used to be like you're here
no not address dreads like your hair I
used to have hair like your hair when I
was young it's the truth
you want to see a picture what yes all
right pull up a picture you can't
believe you don't believe me yes an idea
what and I turned on the printer and all
the papers coming out I'll be back
do go ahead and tell whatever you have
to say okay my dad answer me picture
Woody's an Audi go see my dad I sure
he's gonna show me the picture lady sees
pictures
hi guys yeah I'm gonna pull up the
picture for UK boy yeah he's always
roasted me and asking me why I don't
have any hair because you don't get it
what don't you get what don't you get
you why are you always asking me so I
used to have hair now don't have here
what do you do saying okay what
sometimes he would look at old pictures
and be like what was that guy with mom
and it'll be me I can't find it oh here
it is I found it okay so that's my hair
Uriah I'll just say that picture your
Riya yeah isn't a great kid of you
that's me when I was uh 20 oh I think 25
all right no maybe 24 that's my dad
that's our dad there it is you see that
that's me yeah I like your hair
it's like yeah yeah how does he go yeah
yeah heresy yeah yeah yeah what's gone
in away apples home nice tie roasting
what nothing tell you what he shared mm
see if any more questions were here that
I missed I'm sure I missed so many
questions oh all the questions are gone
buddy hurry I don't like you what's the
next time y'all coming when is the next
time I come into Maryland I don't know
we don't have any trip scheduled the
plan the plan is two things so we have
next year our our goal because this
place is so small we want to like get a
new house like pay like the by house and
rent a house and like rent this one out
because we own this one can you get off
me yes thanks I'm okay
so rent out this house or sell this one
and buy another one or like depending on
the situation at the market house
looking we might just rent an RV or a
buy an RV payments in Daddy credible
questions yeah go ahead
um a so okay and renter in an RV and
then travel around the country and like
like kind of do meetups like I would
love to meet all of you guys and like go
and meet up
around the country and uh speak at
churches and groups and stuff like that
sell books take Frank on the road like
ideally that would be awesome
mommy's coming home you ready to see
mommy you're not gonna put that in your
mouth anymore okay
why did I cut my hair I realized I was
going bald some dudes like just try to
hold on to as long as possible like like
a LeBron or something like that and I
would rather they're not ah that hurts
baby you want to hurt papa why no no pop
no a frank tour that's what I want to do
do you want to do you like watching
sports I do like watching sports I do
like watching football and basketball
out of your mouth I said no okay all
done
give it to me thank you smile although I
do like watching sports but I don't I
have no time so what I do is I like
follow a highlight channel and just
watch all the highlights and stuff like
that I love to come to London I know we
have a lot of supporters in London I do
want to start like after we do a tour or
maybe as we're setting up a tour I want
to start like charging for meetups issue
stuff like that I would like to protect
my family and like if people want to
come through like having to get some
type of value while they're there I have
some speeches that I've been preparing
when I did that patreon won't open
really well I don't want to be able to
speak about those things that you know
are important to me and I want you guys
to give value when it comes to the
meetups not just kind of like you know
kind of like a Q&A but more like you
know how married are you discussion
where we we take questions and answers
of questions and answer them and then
also
you know certain like theories and
philosophies that I've kind of come up
with as far as parenting being a man
being a creative and stuff like that how
did you get started with the whole
YouTube thing this need to pay you well
how did you how did and does the process
work someone asked me about anchor I
think that was I think that was John
asked me about anchor Oh James more
listen I'll I you hey James you just
text me I got your text
through super phone I'll text you about
that I'll answer your question through
text but yeah YouTube kind of YouTube
started with like I was on Instagram I
was trying to promote an album on spot
to put out and I figured I'd make some
videos about my kids and maybe it will
go better for the second album because
the first time didn't do so didn't do
too well and then alright a piece if you
got to go peace out I'm not gonna be
known as much longer because my wife has
come on with food but I started making
videos on Instagram and I started
uploading to YouTube and I had to launch
those YouTube pay well I think it pays
well when you get to around it so as far
as ads no YouTube does not pay well I
don't get much money from ads but I have
been able to like get support from
patreon so YouTube doesn't pay well in
the national sense like oh you don't
have to do anything you just make money
if you put up videos No
I've taken the time to develop a core
audience and a bunch of people who
support me on patreon which allow me to
pay my mortgage gas and electric and my
health insurance now there's still other
bills on top of that that don't get
covered from just YouTube Adsense is
very up and down sometimes it could be
an extra thousand dollars sometimes it's
40 bucks like it doesn't you this is all
up and down with Adsense so
does it pay well I don't it just kind of
depends I still have to grind and do
other things in order to make it through
the month you don't I'm saying so once
you get to a certain point where your
content is exceptional and not Santa
Mises but brands see your content as
exceptional they pay you to put their
products in your videos and that's the
reason why if you guys see me ever doing
a brand deal I put a lot of effort time
and thought behind it cuz I don't want
you guys to be watching boring content
and boring brand deals I really put time
into it because I'm with you guys to
just click the link if you guys click
those links it does so much for me it
gives me opportunity to get more brand
deals and do the same room there's over
and over and over again and even Adam
different creative aspect to it and hire
the harness whenever I do something you
hear music you hear me you might see a
different camera different lens because
I'm borrowing and helping people out by
like employing my friends and me like
hey come along on this journey I'll use
your beat you don't understand or
whatever I'll have you filming a certain
part of it so anyway yes so YouTube can
pay a lot if you grind and you hustle my
first check after I got after I finished
my record my album my last album I put
out was eighteen hundred dollars after
three months of waiting for the check to
come it was the worst amount of like
money for the time I put into it I put
about two two years into it I lost
friends during that process you know I
worked really hard and I paid my dues
for that record in fatherhood and it
just did not go well and so I was I was
ashamed to show my wife to check
eighteen hundred dollars that that
barely gets us through them that day
early that barely gets us that barely
coverage are like gas and electric and
our mortgage and so it just wasn't worth
it you know the juice wasn't worth the
squeeze and so now I've done YouTube
because it's more profitable with
YouTube people can see like hey I'm here
on my house but also can film I also can
sell products I also can go and speak I
also you know
it's get to see you in more than one
aspect and I still get to do music here
and there so yeah how long of me my wife
been together eight years it'll be nine
years next August my cousin has a crush
on Mariah everyone has a question
kids dorable you know if you yeah if you
won't mind this you'll be able to see
Aniyah I'll try to get her to come back
in here how do I get rid of a bully I
don't know I think bullies are people
who don't have sincere friendships you
know so I'm not sure I think when you're
in the heat of the moment you think you
know the relationships are gonna end or
you're gonna be in a situation that's
gonna be threatening or you might have
to fight something like that but like I
don't I don't think it's impossible to
get rid of Billy I think believe me his
friends and you might want to reach out
to them and ask him it being direct hey
man that I'd do anything to offend you I
don't know why you picking on me I'm not
sure you know as a kid I wasn't very
mature so when we have bullies we just
fought or just avoided them like we had
to fight it's uh I wouldn't suggest that
though can you do more videos about your
son's hair maintenance how do you keep
the lint in the breeze out yeah so when
I'm gonna see I do stuff like that and
it's kind of indirect so if I'm putting
if I'm doing my kids here and I'm
talking to and I'm putting a CV in it
apple cider vinegar that's a way that I
get the debris out that's the way that I
get you know the lint out and stuff like
that I can pick it out during that time
it like totally gets out all the muck
and junk in there so yeah at least you
got the laundry done I didn't get I did
get a lot you know but I still got a
fold all these clothes so I'm gonna get
back to it maybe my wife will help me
when she gets here
am i the goat no I'm not I'm sheep I'm a
sheep
but even as the Sheep
I'm nice so how do you okay yeah I think
we answered all the questions
hey guys come at come here let's say bye
to everybody nice I come here you please
don't get on my back again
yes no yeah I want you to say bye you
worry a fine now don't forget do what
did you do this morning well you learn
how to wash clothes alright so you
promise to get at peace yes a peace what
say peace alright guys we're gonna go
ahead and get back to this daily life
minding our beautiful black business
stop it
this is why no school not yet anyway
when I can't take you oh you said yeah
maybe that really sad and isn't matter
of fact I just want to talk with you
want mom to take you yeah no but you
have to go through a certain level of
maturity so you can't like when you go
to school you can't like you have to no
boundaries you have to no boundaries is
like
things you shouldn't do like certain
things you shouldn't touch people
certain places and they shouldn't sense
you certain places you shouldn't kiss
certain people you shouldn't hug certain
controls on a song sometimes as kids you
don't know where your boundaries are you
know what I'm saying and I don't know
everything you don't get that we know
everything what you mean like you know
stuff right are you okay bad bad bad bad
bad
you okay baby good yes sir no we're not
gonna do warrior fight
are you okay nice I okay all right guys
I got awkward peace guys if you do
warrior fight
