sup guys believe here from belief and
fatherhood back again with another
episode and today I want to talk about
where I'm from you know I don't really
know him from you've heard me talk in
the past I know that I'm black my my
dad's side is from Trinidad Tobago and I
have ancestry in Cuba on my mom's side I
know they were here for a long time I
don't really know like my places of
origin but I always talk about the fact
that I love you know the fact that I am
black and that my kids are black and why
it's important to talk about why it's
always about being black and all these
things and so I kind of wanted to just
experiment a little bit I got a package
from 23andme I'm gonna open it up and
get started I don't know how this works
so 23andme is a DNA kit I'm supposed to
spit into a tube and return the bag and
it's supposed to tell me where I'm from
and I have no idea where I'm from I know
that there's rumors my grandfather told
me that his great-great grandfather is
from Cuba and my actual real name isn't
Henry it's Henry Kay and I guess they
said through overtime one of my
grandfather's changed his name his last
name to Henry but my actual paternal
side is from Cuba and that's as far as
back as I know and that man who was a
merchant marine and a player of sorts
his name was Eduardo Henrique and my
grandfather told me this back in
Baltimore so I'm interested to know what
happens when I get the results back from
this DNA kid stay tuned
gross experience toss this is bed yeah
man just you know I'm working hard bro
I'm saying I just got back from London
oh how was London London was it was
pretty cool man we went out there for
like the creators for Change thing to
look this up with some dope gear I met
some great people out there you know saw
a little bit of the city so it was dope
did you work out I mean like I'm not I
ate a little bit
we went to New Orleans man I went to New
Orleans for the dad 2.0 some it was nuts
you know what I'm saying and I ate a lot
and I asked you to come over here
because I I just got my 23andme results
back and I wanted to kind of go over to
go home with you because I know you know
more about the world than I do
being from that you're being that you're
from Antarctica
what's 23andme is it's basically like a
service you don't have sand to help you
understand more about your genetic
makeup and where you're from where your
ancestors are from around the country
around the world actually and then what
type of things influencing your facial
structure your hair hair what you ball
to your arm saying like so why are you
even talking about me you you're bald
I'm all we're both bald you know I'm
going to make hair cream yeah but how
old are you really
you know what I'm saying like you always
see something there were so how old no
really how old are you
b-ball you know shudder alright anyway
so I'm about to go over these results
and maybe you could just you know tell
me what you think you know what are you
I'm expecting to find out like this is
rumor in our you know in our family that
I'm from meetings are from Cuba you know
I'm saying like my grandfather's
grandfather's grandfather is from the
Huber's name was Eduardo Henrique and my
original last name was Henrique not
Henry you know what I'm saying so I want
to know if any of my people actually
come from South America you know
understand because I I don't know I've
just been really always attracted to
like you know South American things you
know I'm saying so you know you're just
rude you know what I'm saying that's
here that's the biggest problem with you
so anyways let's look at these reports
okay so I'm gonna open this up this is
all reports okay look it says I'm 85
percent eighty five point nine percent
West African you know what I'm saying
that's that's crazy
ancestry composition you genome tells
the unique story of your ancestry where
your ancestors live when they
contributed to your family tree and how
their DNA has passed down to you through
your parents
so that's look looking at man
West African boy II eighty five point
nine percent that's crazy
it looks like I'm ten point three
percent European which is interesting
there you just I don't have any South
American in my DNA looking you know if
we're looking at this that's that's
pretty surprising you know what I mean
like very young I know but I mean just
because I look black you know selling my
dad he's from Trinidad you know saying
like I could be from any part of South
America I'm saying like maybe I'm still
from part South America you know what I
mean like why baby are you trying I mean
I love I'm not saying I don't want to be
what East West African bro I'm just
saying like I was told by my grand
daughter don't raise your voice and I'm
trying to tell you my grandad back from
South America forget it
that's the businessman him so it says my
genetic weight it says for 32 year-old
man was 510 the average is 182 pounds
which is interesting because I have been
losing weight and a bottom period and 87
pounds and so we've been eliminating a
lot of things out of our diet
here's a quick shot of our before
picture yeah and uh we've been really
trying to like just be good stewards of
our health you know and so hopefully by
the end of this you know year or six
months we'll look like we're supposed to
look and our genetic makeup
so I'm actually cool with this man I'm
like excited to know like some some
influences and the things that I do with
my arm you know cuz I'm trying to take
over my health and get healthier and
just know more about my history I think
more of us in the States becoming more
in touch with our roots to learn more
about to DNA visit 23andme comback slash
belief in fatherhood that directly helps
out my channel protect your life and
keep your network popping oh oh yeah
okay follow Frank on YouTube you did not
win I did not win that battle
I'm battled and then I didn't know you
had talent so I took it easy on your
first round I know you didn't murder me
I'm still alive
and then we went I went again
