what happened well right Maya
close the door ami and he spilled any
any any Washington
we pizza and we picked at our what
because because
why Oh soon as put that bonus from our
diapers because I have been cleaning up
their room then I say okay Ryan go wash
your hands then as I'm walking upstairs
deals coming down stairs with the same
substance in his hands so I said deal
throw away and go wash your hands babe
they've been playing in that water since
I left the house I've been gone for at
least 15 minutes good morning
I just want to take a second to say
thank you to everyone who has ordered a
bulk one has ordered a book thank you
I'm signing them and sticking the little
bio stickers inside
I didn't like get BIOS I didn't put a
buy on the book I just kind of wrote the
book in had Emily and RJ help me out and
we never like put a bio in the book to
tell people how to get in contact with
the author so I had to order these like
little stickers to tell you like Who I
am and how do you touch them you want to
my wife
last week she we have been talking and
she was I wanted some things you were
gonna do when I was like man I really
want to go to just carry the voice Khan
because I know I need to start a podcast
I know I need you need to get into this
space of doing more voice stuff and
added more value to you guys in a
different way and I think you don't Gary
Vee is like you know he's the man if you
know who Gary Vee is he's like a
entrepreneur he's a business man up
authors like kind of an inspiration he's
the entrepreneurs entrepreneur you know
what I'm saying so he's the guy who kind
of gets you going and I've been
listening to him a couple years now just
by what happened last year when I got on
his show I called in and he gave me some
advice which ayran didn't like I was
around the time Fields billboard went up
and he was like yo I caught him I was
like yo how can I like capitalize on
this you know I'm saying like my son
loved Billboard 90 or for three words
across the world how can I make this
something that brands and sponsors find
value in and Gary Vee told me something
that really pissed me off he told me
which I felt was an insult it's all the
work that I had done he told me to get a
job I would tell you that I think you
should get a job and I think you should
get it I think you should get a job for
somebody who's a personal brand and let
me be clear I know it's taking a step
backwards to take two steps forward a
lot more fun to kind of sell your $900
post here your $800 post there by the
way the other way is to keep scrapping
produce far more content that you're
producing now you know hustled more
produce tons of content and build a very
slow burn for seven eight years I didn't
5up I think you either deploy patience
and make your 900 here your 100 here
your 500 here one month is four thousand
you feel like you got it the next month
it goes to 80 bucks you're like what the
or you take the route that I'd paint at
first which is do you go and get a job
as a social media content person for a
very famous athlete or actor or actress
so you could see it at a higher plane so
you see what it tastes like at the
$10,000 post at the hundred thousand
dollar speaking engagement so that
you're like okay that's what it takes to
get there got it
or you do both its way this the same
advice I would give to somebody who
asked that question about the bar
business
I believe you man go to work for the
best one you can find you know work for
an example I was like irritated confused
and frustrated but he told me to get a
job working for a celebrity or an
athlete who I can basically document
their stories but how could you just
find an athlete you know understand and
I didn't have that much time you know
what I'm saying that his thing is always
be patient be patient and so he told me
I need to get a job well I need to
really buckle down and walk down face
off rate this beautiful fatherhood thing
and so as much as I wanted to prove him
wrong he was right well my wife decided
she wasn't one back to work I just
buckled down and basically grinded and
by the grace of God all these things
kind of tripping over and now I was
making 900 bucks off this thing and now
I'm able to actually make enough money
to actually make it through the month
you know what I'm saying
but it's definitely a good place and I
have to thank Gary Vee for that but I
really have to thank you guys because my
wife asked last week for you guys to
donate to us to be able to go to this
Boise con because tickets like a
thousand dollars is in New York the
hotel stays expensive some of you guys
who I wouldn't even have expected to
support have supported and given and
donated to the cause and so I want to
thank you so much for
raising the money we did it we got all
the money to fully fund this trip to New
York I have enough money to eat and I'm
glad that I can go out there and see
some your smiling faces
doing Meetup it's gonna be great I want
to just read some of the comments that
I've been getting some of the messages
I've been getting from some of the
supporters who donated
I just thank you I don't even know if
you guys want to be known but I just
really feel like it's important to just
kind of highlight some of these these
words is so beautiful skydiving's sister
said I'm sorry that I'm late to the
party
have a good trip to the conference and
happy upcoming birthday don't know
geepaw says your family is a huge
inspiration to us hope this helps you
meet your goal love the DuPont family
andreia force and says god bless you and
your family for all the work you do to
change the image of black family Irene
Bullock says while I'm not able to give
much I've learned a lot from you and
your family continue to go forth and do
great things I know this is not much but
I hope that it helps add to the funds
needed for his hotel room
we recently suffered a pregnancy loss
and the other night I watched one of the
recent videos fiocchis and while we have
talked about it it really just affirmed
that I definitely want to try again I
know it's hard but I want all of it and
another chance to do so so thank you all
so much for keeping it real and
uplifting your babies and each other
please tell him that he is good soil
when things are planted in him they grow
most of these people I've never met you
know I'm saying but they they they care
do you know what I mean and it's stuff
like this in situations like this where
it's kind of like okay when I go out
there I'm going out there with the
purpose and it means more you know what
I mean because you guys have invested
and so you have to get a return on your
best
you know what I mean that's how it feels
for me I'm a huge Gary Vee fan as well
you're already crushing it and I know
this will only help you continue along
the path it's inspiration
keep pushing brother and saluting this
is melanin for being an awesome wife
mother and partner the love of the Lord
is evident in her love for you and your
entire family fall asleep to your
YouTube videos a lot not because they
are boring but they make me feel at
peace as well they bring me so much joy
and happiness god bless you
happy birthday Glynn and keep up the
good work and stay poppin a vet and
chakra babies from Kendall and Smith and
Palmer are your friends from high school
thank you for everything you guys do and
for all the content you put out for
being such a positive influence to help
families like us we wanted to sow into
what you guys are doing because you guys
have sown into us not with money but
with amazing lessons we learned watching
your family love you guys
Rush's shout out to the Russians man
they never met him you know saying they
just internet friends and feels like
family you know saying like when I say
feels like family doesn't mean like when
we get together it's gonna be like all
hugs you know understand but it like
they're on the same mission and are
about the same things were about we have
a like gonna come and I don't know like
I just feel so connected to some of you
you know what I mean and it just feels
like we really want to change the world
feel good we believe that God
has put little fire in us you know I'm
saying and we know that families you
know families can be the the key you
know what I mean - creating great people
who change the world
