all right now you come back I miss very
yesterday was Papi's and we were just
saying here fighting around cuz I don't
know if you guys saw my Instagram so my
Instagram thing while I was freaking out
and I just needed to have fun with the
kids
so I'm just going to beat you I'm just
gonna beat them up and you guys can
enjoy but if you have any questions be
sure to happen and if any trolls come
along anybody comes along with any
negativity just ignore them
alright he was a chokeslam rattled
bottom in the body
okay let's respond to some questions
does anybody have any questions
not yet I didn't see it yet and there
will be person in the music I'm sorry so
if you have any kids who are watching I
don't have the music censored because it
is Google home completely just fell off
the bed how are you in the kids we are
doing okay maybe yeah I think so for
sure yeah where are you right now we're
in my bedroom I don't have any more kids
I don't think so but but I after having
gone and she's getting so big I kind of
do one more case I don't know why what
an ia we did shave our head because
that's not a twist
hi here we go do ready
okay more questions how long have you
been doing YouTube I've been doing
YouTube for two and a half years now
sorry can you do a twist for your ribose
here I don't know what I'm gonna do I
think he that's gonna do two strand
twists on your eyes hair it's okay to
have meltdowns what was the name of the
song and the video voted on Monday get
off of me I don't remember a video
uploaded on Monday on Monday what did I
be Monday oh that video I mean that song
has to come oh yeah I got mad songs and
I just made you do as a soundtrack as a
soundtrack for the vlog not Stan what
grade is the√∂ at vo is in pre-k right
now you know we're doing homeschool for
him there's gonna be another belief
album probably not I might do like some
playlists for a belief fatherhood
soundtracks i order you on 32 I turned
33 next month
what are we gonna get an album you
already gotten out in fatherhood is
outer came out last year may eight
if you want new music just gotta wait
see he don't even know that he's adopted
as a Tribe Called Quest
you know sans supporter hey man hey
right way to go
let's see somebody said I'm getting
bucked hey believe any advice for
creators trying to get their content out
there music getting a manager a good
idea why did I go bold because I went
bald
God didn't listen if I have any hey
Google hey gobo alright so getting a
manager yes I think you should not get a
manager right now especially if you
don't music like just put out music and
find your tribe that's it that's all I
got for you are you on vacation no I'm
not on vacation
I don't vacate I just Mousa that's all I
do what's in your mouth I have these
like tea tree toothpicks that I really
love um hi can you do a challenge for
the next vid um yeah I don't do
challenges ma not yet anyway um will you
do reactions I don't really do reactions
like that I feel like those are for
youtubers that don't really have a lot
of stories to tell it you know
understand but so much for me to go off
of them so many stories to tell I just
love a ton of stories you know sense I
don't really need to do that right now
so that's not what I'm doing
would you go back to the UK actually I
will be coming back to the UK in the
near future how about it
your wife is the luckiest wife in the
world she found a man I can't you know
I'm saying like we're both bless you
know sin because we are we have a great
community you know some we have a great
relationship with God and we're for each
other
you don't Sam which is a whole lot
whereas Yvette Yvette is at Mom's group
which is like when women do fellowship
and like they pray and sing and love God
together it's just pretty though what
ages you're right you're right how old
are you he's 3
have you started Steele started losing
teeth yet no he is not right feels 5 can
you film the chocolate babies fight
again oh yeah we'll fight again hi guys
what is the experience with patreon so
far I love patreon if it wasn't for
patron we would not be able to do this
patron I
Carolee funds like half of our monthly
expenses which is like a really big deal
yo can you back up off of me with your
crotch on my freaking lumbar back up
back up ha you guys want to see the kids
for a set amount of time we will release
the children into the school public
school system when we feel like they are
ready to go and be released are you or
any of your kids adopted no no no no
kids are adopted a particular life get
awfully what you're breathing on my ears
what are the kids names come from Ania
means God's promise oh my gosh bad
parenting are you ready for this a nice
eating a stamp her whole mouth is black
y'all give me a second how did you get
this
I have to do this
I'm sorry yeah let's go
Oh
Zana
right almost off the video let's go
nobody I won I won
you ready watch out for your sister oh
sorry
alright so hold on watch out man get you
gets it
throw them up alright
no sorry I couldn't see anything
look right I stopped I don't like the
way it feels hey get off of my daughter
how many books have you sold so far
I sawed about 180 books so far how do
you deal with haters haters deal with
themselves you know I'm saying that's
the hardest part about haters being a
hater like you have to live with
yourself you know what I'm saying like
that's difficult what song is playing
it's called get a hold by A Tribe Called
Quest
can I see here
sure okay okay so this is a nice I lay
down guys so you can be in a shot yeah
so right here okay and right here yeah
go ahead tell them money my dad's name
is Quinn my sister name is Mary it was
very respectful I appreciate that my arm
is stuck can I move my arm please
move all right lay down oh go ahead and
now my mom now we are here and who are
we who are we yeah who are we what are
we or whatever why are you telling
people who we are like those are our
names but who are we do you know who we
are
we're God
some people will believe that we are
people of God that's right regards
children yeah yes you are not you
I like how long do you plan to be on
YouTube listen let me talk let me talk
we plan on being on YouTube for whenever
this guy's like dad I don't want to be
any videos anymore in an authentic way
then we'll get off of youtube oh he'll
get off at YouTube and when he says
Uriah says I don't want to be in these
videos dad then we'll get off of youtube
well he'll get off MC and the same thing
with ania
but as far as Frank I think I want to
keep Frank on YouTube for as long as
possible and we need to go to words oh
you like Frank yeah see see the thing is
the thing is we don't know the result of
having kids on YouTube you know saying
like I don't want to put them I'd never
say you're I'm forcing you to be in this
video right now act like you're nice or
say these lines like I don't do that you
know saying it is what it is you see my
glasses getting foggy though tragic yeah
but like we'll get off YouTube when
we're ready to get off YouTube you know
say but there will be like a final
episode of big moment it'll be like the
end of fresh bills why you scratching
him we had to cut a nice hair because he
was looking ratchet what's your advice
for first-time parents man to be you
don't really enjoy your time before you
have the baby spend as much time
together as you can go places go dating
like do as much as you can because once
you have the baby it's different even if
you have people that will support you to
watch the baby you may not want to leave
the baby you know I'm saying you just
never know so sweet as much time as you
can with each other a night that is not
nice baby advice for black youth would
like advice for black youth don't
believe what people tell you about being
black like no one knows what it's like
you know what I'm saying and so if you
are black youth understand wait a minute
let me say something when you're a black
youth or any how about this if anything
comes before who you are like I'm black
I'm abused on this or that you know what
I'm saying like you have to understand
that those are backstage passes to
whatever it is that you're supposed to
be talking about you understand so like
I have the light in me the fact that I
am black is a backstage pass into the
heart of people who are black I relate
to people who are black or the fact that
I was abused that is a that's like a VIP
pass into the hearts of people who were
abused you know say so that allows me to
be a light and have influence with those
people
it's so hot in California guys here's an
eye pinching you yeah she's like
scratching here doing something
of course you can come down here so the
camera can see you okay you want to call
Frank yes so we found guy when when when
last night me and my mom do you stop
grabbing balls made free all those
puppets oh yeah his name is Dan he's
from Pennsylvania
Lee now what you say what never once nah
well we have to pay for those puppets
are very expensive I think I want to do
like an origin story of where Frank
Cownie came from because I don't think
you guys really understand who Frank is
or what he's about what are you touching
my glasses for where's a nice I don't
find your sister where is she does she
have something no have your wife's black
panther yes did we see black panther oh
so I'm so uncool yes it was so long
please get out of my face sorry
nyah I see you
I see you I gotta make a comment about
someone who said yo I love y'all but
please put some lotion on these kids
yeah we can fight again in a second
please put some lotion on these kids and
I know y'all I know we be ashy and I
know it's kind of embarrassing when you
see another black person in there ashy
however the fact that we are actually
adds to the authenticity of the channel
where's the where's the baby come on
come on
what's that put it on let me see okay
I'm so sorry
have we seen black panther yes in fact
Black Panther is here sorry
I love these comments they're so amazing
I should be recording this whole thing
and I'm not oh where is that about ashy
at nobody he's only had it for like five
seconds can you let him have a little
bit longer um so yeah about asking it's
like I get it like I know that's kind of
annoying but if I was to wait until
everybody was all perfectly lotioned
before I turn on the camera you would
never get a video because boys like to
play in the dirt in our boys I don't
care if they play outside I don't care
if they get all scraped up in ashy it's
not a really big deal
let me see any other questions here feel
cursed again
no he hasn't heard again since then I'll
put a tracking device on her I know man
she's so fast I only know what she'd be
doing rise over here just chilling
breathing like it's already hot in here
and I know that mask is mad hot and
Breton alright um did you start deals
locks share out a room yeah yeah kinda
but then I had to cut them what's up
buddy you want to try the mask are you
gonna cry if you don't okay well then
just wait leb alright breathe on himself
he's enjoying himself in he's quiet the
thing I love about Theo you know saying
is that he is dealing true like
firstborn yeah okay oh no real quick
okay the Boogie alright wait I'm
thinking a lot about Theo is that he's a
true I let me see let me see
yeah are you dying
you want what you want to say something
else there really what Hispanic what
what a Chennai ReadyTalk someone asked
you know Baisley black and Korean yes I
do know me as well they were just here
they just were at our house I'm not okay
what Hispanic Puppets yo what are you
talking about okay buddy good job high
five
anyway um because I love about feels
that he's like a true firstborn he's
always trying to figure out where the
boundaries are that's so important when
you have a like a oldest kid you know
what I'm saying and that's I just love
that about him you're riot ball is
classic classic middle child you know
what I mean
he needs the love and affirmation and
like the inclusion and not because we
forget about him but just because like
he is the second born there's the oldest
and there's a youngest so Theo's always
discovering things everyone like wait
and an eye is always discovering things
as a baby in Uriah is kind of like he's
in the middle so he has to do is follow
suit but that doesn't mean we shouldn't
be paying attention I'm just saying like
that's something that happens a lot with
middle children they just kind of like
it slept on but Uriah is a true gem like
he's he's genius and very very very
creative close the door buddy close it
she's not here um and Aniyah is the only
girl and so she will be spoiled you know
someone asked me what our what our
beliefs are and we are like a
bible-believing jesus-loving
black family you know saying what didn't
go get anybody
go get the past go get it now give it to
your brother
it's Tommy share um quick question have
you experienced racism erasing the trace
place yes I have I've been called all
types of names and you know
discriminated against yes I've been
definitely think about racism but racism
is like racism is like the truest way to
see how like stupid someone is like if
you're racist if you don't like someone
because of their color which they had no
control over
you're like a complete idiot you don't
know saying it's not like I'm offended
I'm just like more like and you're that
dumb huh Black Panthers here oh shoot I
look like kill monger no you look like
predator actually Loki with the dreads
yo yo yo yo yo yo Pete was popping
everybody someone asked how was your
upbringing the influence your parenting
oh let's not get into that your Black
Panther hey yo I'm sorry about this Dov
just right here I don't know if y'all
can see that this is a dove baby dove
thing we went to this conference they
gave us dove you brought some of it home
because a nice skin so sensitive we try
to be decided to try it and we ain't
really used it like that but it's in
here you know I'm saying I ain't trying
to front um I'm looking for more
questions can you collab with me Father
Chronicles
nayelli a male erotic we've done like
two videos together one episode and
another
we actually did a skit together it was
pretty cool
are you planning on going back to
hip-hop I'm still in hip-hop man I rap
all the time like I rap in these videos
I don't want to be like a traditional
rap artist I think that they aren't
appreciated and they don't know their
own worth you know what I'm saying
and so by in effect they treat them they
treat other people or they treat
themselves rough and then they expect
other people to glorify them because rap
has always been vilified you know I'm
saying
so my new theory about another skin is
that she is vitamin D deficient
deficient she doesn't drink on up a
bottle like the boys did and so okay
buddy I'll fix it and so I used to put
vitamin D drops inside of an eye is I
mean it's out of riots and deals bottles
but because she doesn't drink out of a
bottle she doesn't get him up vitamin D
even though we're always out in the Sun
all day all cuz I'm not going outside
but yeah that's my new theory and so
we're gonna start supplementing her with
vitamin D where can we buy the music in
the episodes you can't buy you got to be
on patreon to get it right now on
patreon is the only place it's a dollar
a month or whatever you want to pay and
you get all the music on soundcloud I
give you download links that you
download them what music do you let your
kids listen to they listen to whatever
we listen to you know say I don't listen
to a lot of crazy music are you going to
get your eyes dreads back I think so I
really want see you vet again is that
moms group she'll be a mom's group today
are you
looking at night is that a real job feel
sad cuz he wants to fight again have
ever Sun gazed a list that when is the
story getting worse tots dad is
stressing me out
you know saying probably fall
yeah fall are you strict with your kids
or easy I mean it depends on the
situation sometimes I'm strict when I
need to be strict and sometimes but I'm
more of the strict parent for sure you
know to say that's more of the lenient
one I'd love to see more Yvette she's my
girl I'd love to see more over to do you
make money from YouTube because you talk
about patreon a lot I make a little bit
of money off of youtube but not like
enough to like it's not a consistent
income you know what I'm saying and if I
did start making money it just was since
like December you know what I mean
because I had a video go by what I did
really well but it's not enough you know
what I mean so in Yvette quit her job so
I'm the only one that brings in money
you know what I'm saying so even with
patreon we only make half of the amount
of money that we need to make in order
to survive
right now and so if you want to be on
patreon I'll put the link in the
description after we're done
which video went viral the lie detector
test with this kid last for Naya
probably not I wish I really wish do any
of my videos getting them on his eyes
yeah some of them do I had a video
actually take him down what do you think
what do you think your kids will grow up
to be career watched I'm not sure but I
hope that they would just be fearless
and whatever they do what is their
aspiration in their life my aspirations
I have a lot of aspirations I think one
that I can tell you about is I want
people to see believe my father hood men
to see believe in fatherhood and like
I think that they can like really make a
difference in a child's life you know
what I'm saying whether they are born or
not born I also want to like strengthen
marriages and I want kids to know that
they don't have to be what they had you
know what I'm saying like if they had a
rough upbringing then they don't have to
be that I'll fix it man I know she's
more than everything right now ha you
should go on sister circle I don't know
what that is do you encourage your kids
to read a lot no because they don't know
how to read yet you know saying so when
they do we learn a lot though design
that I enjoy Wisconsin yes I did I'm
gonna make a video next video that's
coming out after this live is gonna be
my Wisconsin trip for sure Oh would you
say um did you start the O's dreads with
comb coils no I just started twisting he
would be sitting in my lap and I just
twist and that's basically how me and
him did deluxe love from England thank
you what are you testing I mean and I
don't know this right here is like an
old two Tribe Called Quest like I'm a
huge Tribe Called Quest fan I got this
when like even before like five passed
away I got this this tat but it's like
just like little stick figures tribal
thing let's see more questions why you
got no ears my ears coming back you
could kind of see them if I turn this
way I got a fat face that's my gun on
the ears
how's homeschooling going it's going
pretty good
we vets killing it I really want to do a
video on like how I homeschool and I
think I might have to do it for one of
these Vedas because I just need like
freedom you know saying they do it
whatever I want
how many tests while I have three so um
you believe correct what how old are
they my children of five three and one
now how do you deal with the criticism
from people who think that what you do
is exploitation of your children
just to clarify I got mad respect for
you I mean a lot of people believe that
like I have family members or like oh
you're just using your children for but
like if you look at if you look at the
emails I get if you look at the comments
section if you look at like the effect
that it's having on people you would
know that it's not exploitation Fiona
Ryan and I do not have to be in the
videos you know what I'm saying and at
any point when Theo says out sometimes
he goes I don't want to do this right
now I'm gonna go watch TV and I'm like I
according you know I'm saying like I'm
not forcing my children to be cute for
camera like youtubers do that I don't
that's just straight up did you see that
dove at commercial yeah I saw it I did a
video about it hey I want to do a
documentary on motherhood can I send an
email with details please sure go ahead
better sending it to event because
beneath don't check his emails straight
up and down I don't agree on to that
opinion you're a cool and good dad I
appreciate that thank you
more snap snoring videos I've been I
pushed all my snaps over to Instagram
because it's too many platforms for me
and I needed to central put them in on
one central location when do the book
drop may 8th thoughts on black economics
we really do need to invest in the black
community more and we need just by even
like the success of Black Panther even
though it was a huge comic hit it was
huge hit for black America and we showed
where our value goes you know what I'm
saying and like what we value
we value seeing ourselves in positions
of authority and looking just all
glistening you know what I'm saying and
so I just I just feel like we need to
invest in a black hearing anymore
someone said advice for teens this is
just a phase like your teen years are
literally a blip on the scale and as a
team but I'd be focusing on it's not so
much the social aspect of everything but
I'll be trying to harness some good like
relationships and learn some basic tools
like how to manage your money how to
cook and how to work hard and get good
work ethic that's what I'd be focusing
on not the social stuff well you all
visit Africa one day I hope so I hope so
you gotta it depends on what these
videos looking like do you watch hi ho
no it's a YouTube channel for kids I
don't watch it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah hey guys do you feel neglected come
in to y'all
what are we having for dinner tonight I
think I'm gonna cook some chicken thighs
brown rice and some vegetables
well I ever die my kids dreads I don't
think so
Yvette is from how people from South
Carolina would advise oh I have four
beginning youtubers I have this advice
enjoy your small like beginnings and
listen to people when I tell you your
videos ain't tight you know I'm saying
if they're not why did you name your
children and what does the name means
okay Theophilus means lover of God or
friend of God Uriah means flame of God
or light of God and ayah means God's
promise thank you
I appreciate the compliment about my
grandmother's video that video meant a
lot to me and I was pretty nervous
because now don't put that in your room
it's not yours let me see your book let
me see it heck no why why do you want to
take that book you like the girl on the
book put the book back put the book back
thanks umm someone asked something I was
just about to say I'm in I forgot my
train of thought
anybody remember I was gonna say
I don't want to say what book it was but
it wasn't in it like it was a regular
book but it was like a girl on the front
of it and I'm like why would you want
that book oh oh yeah yeah my grandmother
was like yeah she i was nervous about
putting out a video because she was like
I don't she didn't say she didn't want
to be on camera but she was like kind of
reluctant you know what I'm saying so
people in my family don't understand
what I do that like something off some
of my cousins do like my cousin Krystal
you know sends a couple other cousins
that watch janilla my um gentleman like
some of them people get it but other
cousins and other family members they
don't get like what I do they think I'm
trying to exploit them or like ruin the
moment
by pulling out the camera when they
don't realize that when these people are
gone and when everyone's dead they're
gonna miss they're gonna wish they had
something to hold on to and that's what
the videos do like they they tell this
story that you may have you may prefer
God and I have a really bad memory stop
throwing my books right bow when I die
my children won't have pictures and
photo albums
they'll have videos and episodes and
memories that they can just reminisce on
and my grandchildren will have that and
their children and it will just go on
and on and on you know I'm saying so I'm
okay like most of my family don't get it
you know saying what do you think about
college I'm cool with college I think if
you go to college you know what you're
going for college is a great place to
discover what other what other things
are out there and like get to know other
people and like just broaden your
horizon but if you don't have a
foundation college can be a little bit
of a distraction because while getting
knowledge you're gonna get a lot you're
just gonna be in a learning mode I'm
gonna be sucking everything else up you
know what I'm saying so I think you
should go to college for sure if you
know what you want to go for I never
knew what I wanted to go to college I
was listening to my peoples telling me
to go you know what I'm saying now that
I know what I want to do for the rest of
my life I know that I want to go back
no I'm saying I want to go to college
for our early childhood development you
know I'm saying I want to learn more
about children and learn more about the
effects of how we are his kids and I
nice I come here baby
come here I have no clue you talked
about I have no clue what you said come
here baby
New York LA oh gosh
New York LA it's a farce like you go
there and it's nothing like on the TV
you don't exam come here baby come here
baby come here
yeah let me see can I have it come here
please
Boogie's hold on okay let me get these
movies you see your iPad oh my goodness
umm big shout-out real quick man this
guy right here this is dr. Brandon
Brandon Rogers he is I even and I just
pull this out and I never really talked
about this on the channel but he was
like a friend of events he grew up with
Yvette and um he passed away in June and
uh I know can you please put that away
I'll do this thank you
mommy broke it buddy okay he passed away
in June and he's like this amazing
singer
he went viral like five six times over
he got to like open up and perform with
boys to Maine and he passed away and I
never really got to like saying things
to the camera but this guy was freaking
awesome his mother and his father
especially people his brother just a
sweet boo no that's not for you yeah so
me mom and my wife yeah he was an
awesome singer some of you guys know who
that is some of you guys know who
Brandon is but yeah how are you Glen how
am i I am I mean I'm I'm turning on the
camera like if I go live you know is
something wrong because I'd never go
live and you know that I need the type
of authenticity
riah knock it off back up back up you
know that it's like man I must be having
a rough time because I need a certain
type of like I just need to get it out
you know I'm saying so I'm I'm here
because I need to be here I know I grew
up in LA around different cultures do
you think the chocolate babies will see
people differently or be more
open-minded to other people opposed to
being raised in a predominately black
area we're not see my thing is like we
don't live in a predominately black area
um I have several friends only one other
couple is like black on black everybody
else is like other races are interracial
you know what I mean
I think they'll grow up with a little
bit of a limited perspective culturally
but like so did I like but I do want to
get them out there to experience
different cultures and different like
upbringings and philosophies and all
that stuff you know saying I want to
travel a lot please can you Kim I have a
shout-out from Theo hey Theo say hi to
steth life
all right there you go any choice of
starting fitness journey mm-hmm I'm not
good I I suck I saw this morning I had a
piece of bread I had two piece of bread
I shouldn't I'm gonna log off here soon
so if you got any cool questions or
anything that I can answer I would love
to answer those
Anthony derby he said he wants to be my
friend trust me you don't want to be my
friend I'm not a really great friend man
like I'm not a great friend I feel like
I'm a good husband and I'm a good father
because I really care Naiya don't pull
his hair but my friendship recently like
I have been so consumed with like trying
to stay productive like I haven't been a
great friend lately you know what I'm
saying and so I don't know if you want
to be my friend man who do you think the
kids look like you Ryan field looked a
lot like you want to say hi okay she's
got boogies y'all say hi say hi hi okay
she's such a happy baby
oh no baby I can't give this to you
my birthday is May 8th when the book
comes out I'm always gonna put out a
project or something on my birthday you
got to know that because I don't
celebrate my own birthday well and I
feel like somebody else to celebrate so
I'll drop something that's a pencil did
you poop now yeah would you get LASIK
surgery no because I don't like people
touch my eyeballs who do you think the
kids look like okay I already explained
that but deal actually looks a lot like
my mother now and I know it looks a lot
like me what is the most important
advice for your kids from you protect
your life of course right do you think
you've successfully turned your rep
around from being the depressed rapper
and will you continue to speak on mental
health I don't know yeah I think I've
successfully changed who people thought
I was I'm not the press rapper anymore
but I am as far as mental health is
concerned I think mental health is
always something that needs to be talked
about I just don't know if I'm no
correct person to speak on it you know
what I'm saying because there's
chemically there's chemical things I
just don't understand why I feel the way
I feel sometimes sometimes I still get
the press and deal with a lot of issues
what are you ripping up bro nothing in
here is yours how's the house the audio
sound right now I'm using the the sure
microphone md-88 will you be at red
everett this year heck yeah I'll be all
right every dis year Stephanie you
coming you coming from Winnipeg or
wherever you from how do you feel about
all mixed kids as in no chocolate
grandbabies I don't care you know saying
I prefer like I prefer like melanin
because I like to see myself in my
lineage but that's not a like
prerequisite for love or nothing like I
don't care if they want to marry outside
of their race that's something that
you know I tried to hold on to that like
oh I want to marry someone black for a
long time but then I realized I didn't
know why I did that it was like a
prejudice or something wrong I'm saying
but I was so like so much about it that
I wouldn't like even talk to anyone who
was outside of my race until I let go of
that and then I met Yvette and I was
like man I I told God literally like
yeah I don't care what she looks like as
long as she's about you and then I met
Yvette you know I'm saying so yeah
that's yeah so I think you guys want to
fight some more oh uh wait a minute
y'all gotta clean up okay put some of
those books back and we'll fight again
protect your life is on a t-shirt and it
was up and it's not up anymore because
they all are gone go go help go help
clean up please stop go help my favorite
artist right now is an artist named
foggy raw he's a rapper he's so cold and
my other favorite artist is Toby Nick we
green he's incredible he's from Texas
yes
yeah
get up all right y'all I think I'm done
if you guys want to follow me on
instagram you're gonna see a lot more
please it's just at belief ml you know
I'll write it I can't write it for Lana
right now but it's at vele a FME luc a
stuff you see a lot more stuff you see a
lot more my thoughts my concerns it's
just all over the place so I would I
would appreciate if you follow me there
I don't know buddy just just clean up
please that's it that's it that's a
tablet yeah if you follow me there like
it will help me a lot and yeah we're
gonna continue to shine Oh send me what
seemed to be black and beautiful you
know I mean we're gonna continue to
praise God we're gonna pretend you to
continue to work and inspire but I'm
gonna like my next goals this week I
have to ship out of the books I have to
finish my taxes I have to prepare for
speaking and I have to be a dad and put
out all these videos every day so I'm
gonna keep shinin I really really really
appreciate you guys everybody who rocks
with us who sits with us I got a lot of
prayers I'm coming my way and I got a
lot of people to pray for and so I'll
continue to do that when I'm yeah man
unapologetically black loving Jesus
unapologetically like you know I'm
saying something gonna rock with that
but I get it
she's just y'all be thinking like maybe
I'll write some of the stuff that they
do and have them do stuff but this is
just who they are this is who you are
yeah this is who you are you know this
is you need Wow
yeah come on baby oh so remember that
this is Veda so I'm gonna be putting out
videos every day I didn't put out today
but this tecnique counts that video if I
can get another one up tonight but I'm
gonna put out videos every day except
for um except for Sunday's or Saturday's
or something they're not for you they're
for mommy can you put them back okay
just clean it up
yeah all right
hey Google Play J Dilla
instrumentals
alright say bye nice a pie right there
say bye right here bye say bye bye say
bye
Wow
alright loved ones peace
