hey what up y'all believe here you were
watching belief in fatherhood Veda
edition vlog every day in April okay and
this episode takes place at my sister's
house my dad and my sister brought my
grandmother out to visit and while she
was here I had to get on her nerves
stick the camera in her face and just be
around her and I wanted you guys to kind
of witness what I get to experience as a
grandson and hopefully you know our kids
will get to see later on and as they
grow up yeah this video like holds dear
to my heart so check it out oh and don't
sleep on my last video please the one
round broke down all the equipment I use
and I drop some serious knowledge at the
end if you missed that stop right now go
watch that and then come back and watch
this food for thought Veda Edition
grandmother Henry is cooking oxtails
rice and beans
Trini style some things just make you
feel complete like a home-cooked meal
my grandmother is always been a staple
in our family the one person / minds and
tells you exactly what you need even if
you don't want to
one thing I've always longed to
understand is how she creates these
master
I made myself available to try to get as
much wisdom as I can from her so I can
pass these things on down to our
children
fortunately my family brought her out to
visit and she was able to share some
things yeah because when we never got a
chance to do this like I never know no
but my mother Lord forgive me Mom she
couldn't go but joy and they liked
whatever bake she would make sure to
make a roast bake they loved that
amazing to see all these reasons when
you and Brittany if you love just
amazing I can't believe like in this big
virtual career I'm on my vacation with
my grandchildren who knows nobody don't
know if this the last time they see me
we bonded because I didn't even know
Brittany could sing I was so shocked
Saturday and I didn't know or the extent
to what you do was doing what you're
doing you know
it is so blessed
precious Lord take my hand lead me help
me stand I'm tired
don't worry don't let her just grab oh I
still have you daddy stuff on me I told
him I'm gonna go with it yeah is it
daddy's it that's too bad you don't pull
it you know your daddy's stuff right I
know you do
yeah yes
daddies mm-hmm oh oh no mouth doesn't go
into mouth I'm sorry but I have to tell
you the truth I don't want you to put
that in your mouth no it's not good
I learned a lot this day for her embrace
her voice and hold warm was all the
lesson on its own my dad want this book
it's about us the shock of baby right
but now turn it down dollars
