okay so this one I'm gonna do I didn't
think I was gonna do Veda
but then I saw Evelyn's video and I saw
of a debate Aveda forgot Veda invade it
was pretty much a really good time for
me last year besides the fact that our
car got stolen but you guys really
helped us out last year and I appreciate
that but for me the constant stream of
putting out content was good for me it's
a good exercise and so I want to do Veda
but this is how we're gonna do it we're
gonna let Anaya decide if we're doing
Veda or not okay so it's gonna be like a
groundhog day type of thing if Anaya
wakes up now she will wake up now when
she wakes up if she cries immediately we
are not doing Veda but if she wakes up
and she just starts to kind of murmur
and speak and talking that own baby
tongue that says hey world I love you
I'm blessed I thank you for me being
alive God you gave me this gift of sight
and I see in this voice and she starts
cooing and the baby's cool then we will
be doing Veda but this is how we're
gonna settle it right now okay you ready
all right okay yes it was the maybe the
cauliflower yeah oh you smell them no I
didn't gasps maybe
don't look at me CH like that's
something impossible for you but I
wouldn't have my leg up and do it that's
like the part won't find its way out did
you call your own mother I did not I
don't like being the person that I'm
trying to get stops by yeah I know but
that's your grandmother so damn it
totally go do don't say dammit don't say
that
do you cannot say that okay Oh No
vo don't say that word okay first of all
go because you don't know how to use
that word but he said it all wrong at
this time
oh yeah oh I was so so hard oh we
shouldn't say it either buddy
but sometimes we mess up and we say but
vo just said it on purpose he said it
peanut or he forced it if he said it was
in context you probably have been okay
you're not in trouble feel okay but just
don't say that please find me a Papa -
do you know where can you get your get
your hair out of your face I can't see
you
don't look at me like that please you
look so handsome with your hair now that
the whole thing
the extreme I know
hey grandmother we're running late
alright run away now though what's going
on what I don't know I tried to take
there's not tired of it I tell you what
it's taking that by my gosh
you can't why can't you just put this in
here right I
Wow can we get the good guy don't do
what oh it's not that you get out of it
wash your face yeah just not yeah yeah
we would have to stop when I get to
three times you come and figure out Maya
and feel we're getting ice cream
sandwiches okay
yes like you
wait wait wait a minute because I can
relate
you wanna you want to share or know
these will your hair out of your face
I'm gonna I'm gonna tie it up
are you telling me how to get the fraser
far well you put your bleep I always
come up like ah it's a nervous habit
when I want to hit somebody I put the
point go uh why are the clouds will
green
I don't worry all right so since we've
been recording this whole time
I should announce that we are doing Veda
because I
and a very pleasant movement this
morning you recorded her well I said it
was like gonna be like Groundhog's Day
you know I'm saying if she woke up
crying I was gonna do that
she woke up cool when did you decide
that her baby talk oh you should have
recorded it you should have said you
should have recorded yourself saying if
Anaya wakes up like this then I'll do
this if she doesn't I did goodness I
just asked you did you record it and you
said no I can't even talk where's my
wallet
where's your wallet oh my gosh why are
we so far away from the injury because
the light is lit right here and I need
that light yeah anyway okay so Jesus
back time please help
so the thing that people should know is
none of this was playing all right so
I'm gonna I'm gonna get your car seat in
a second okay so we're doing Veda this
year we're gonna do it a little bit
differently for me each day is gonna
have kind of a theme so Monday will be a
natural vlog like this Tuesday will be
like a gym type of thing like health
focused Wednesday will be reviews
Thursday will be like a Food for Thought
slash me just talking to the camera type
thoughts
Friday will be Frank or a freestyle
thing so you can go to Frank page and
check out something he's doing or like I
might be rhyming in the car type thing
and Saturdays will be kind of like
Saturdays will be like a like a free
play type thing so I'll probably focus
on a couple individuals that I'm around
and highlight their stories on Saturday
but the reason why I'm doing this cuz
Veda was a big deal for me last year I
want to get it for like 15 16 days but
it was like one of the things that kind
of pushed me along and really helped me
get into a nice season of like just just
pushing out content and not really
focusing on the creative aspect but just
documenting everything you know I'm
saying so I wanted to kind of do that
again hopefully this time my car doesn't
get stolen anything Medusa cover the car
with the blood of Jesus hopefully the
car doesn't get stolen but yes so right
now I'm on my way to my sister's house
my grandmother has been in town for like
a week and we've been enjoying our time
with her this week's Friday episode this
this week's Thursday episode the
food-for-thought episode is gonna be my
grandmother cooking teaching me how to
cook oxtail so if you're following
instagram you know I've been ruining the
oxtails consistently so she gave me the
authentic recipe which I don't even know
if I can share with you but I'm excited
to share it with you just the experience
while she's speaking in that tourney
tongue that you just you believe the
food is gonna be great you taste the
food and you're like do I have to learn
how to speak like this and vote it for
me to make this
but anyway yes we are headed to my
sister's house we're gonna spend some
time with the family over there for a
little bit and that would pretty much be
the end of this episode but uh thank you
guys so much for being a part of our
YouTube village internet village -
laughing that right boat nice I know
that Aniyah
are you awake are you awake
anyway yeah but I'm excited if you want
to see more videos a little bit more
consistently if you're excited for Veda
leave a comment let me know that you're
excited if you're not excited if you
know how easy I am falling off and how
hard it is for me to stay on track with
everything go ahead and say no don't do
video I'm probably gonna try to do it
for as long as possible but that's the
schedule Sundays I'm taking off on
Sundays I'm taking off okay there will
be no videos I need a Sabbath Sunday
Sabbath that's why they impose yesterday
you dig I Cho
say peace my dad want this book it's
about us the shock of baby right over
that turn each doubt dollars
