as you're not been trying to lose weight
and it's been a struggle but one of the
things that I'd liked most in the recent
years being a stay on father is that my
clothes are trash
you know I'm set on pretty much
sweatpants every day and I like that
like I enjoy that part about my life but
things had to change so this came in the
mail this right here is from bitch fix
and they're gonna be sponsoring these
next couple slides though beep you see
great compliments in your future okay so
open up the box here I got some shoes
you check out these shoes suited they
looking like okay no hi Tom Tom action
here problem is I wear all these dark
colors hoping that these Kinesis is
bright which I think this kind of goes
in that category with a little bit of
pink engraved we have this grey shirt
here alright I'm gonna try this on
what are you doing as you might say
notice here how the socks are mismatched
manages pass to the authentic
okay let's throw in a pole right here if
you're staying on bed and your socks and
Mitch neck right now yes I can't really
see myself too much but I feel like
feels fresh you know
