go away like away please excuse my
appearance I really am tired hello to
our online village it is an honor of
privilege and a blessing that being here
oh I'm still moving hello to our online
village it's me event I'm here to
introduce today's episode of belief in
fatherhood on today's episode the boys
get to watch a video of me skydiving on
my 25th birthday I have a huge longing
for adventure and experiencing new
things and new places and so for 25 I
felt like I needed to do something big
because multiples of five are kind of
big deals like 5 10 15 20 25 30 you know
you gotta just celebrate it with those
birthdays and 25 runs with skydive I
don't know if that mattered I don't even
know if I really factored into my
decision to go skydiving but it seems
like it makes sense and I'm going to use
it so anyway on my 20th birthday I went
skydiving and this is a video of the
boys watching me skydive one fun fact
about this experience
is like a couple of days after I went
skydiving I found out that I was
pregnant with deal so few and I
literally jumped out of a plane together
kind of crazy kind of cool
it's totally rad and so yeah it's kind
of a bummer because in this video he
reveals to me that he has no desire to
go skydiving and I always thought like
when I found out that I was pregnant
with him when I was better than I like
all shoot for his 25th birthday we're
going skydiving totally and who knows
things might change but he's not about
that right now
however Rio is and I'm sure that we'll
do it together someday in the future but
he's like when I grow up when I grow up
he's like not right now anyways enjoy
this episode and yeah I'm gonna show you
this okay I want you to watch it all
right okay and I want you to tell me
what you think what's that smell I
always hit people yeah exactly
good job okay here we go ready hey come
here
don't you bet I don't know I just
not yet right after you unexpected yeah
he let me jump out of the plane he
didn't jump with me
shouldn't Papa have done it to dad yeah
you are real I was terrified will you
grow up
we're gonna be my god falling it's like
it's falling
it's diving why why don't you want to do
it deal ok Rio do you want to do it Oh
cool did you guys like the video yeah
were you guys scared for mommy yes yes
okay my dad want this book it's about us
the shock of baby put your knees down
only $1
