come away for this moment for a long
time yes
very special camera yeah no books I'm
author now yeah you're telling me right
now that I'm an author by sending me
this package so thank you
if here guys
yeah where's what was a truck get off of
the tripod okay so this right here there
is it also our business right
whoa watch out
what is this
it's a book our book we read we wrote a
book you know the name of it is it says
it's bedtime now
let's read it I'm like can I touch it -
yeah we're gonna read this from bedtime
tonight author here and I don't even
like to read you see that we just
received the first copies of my first
book it's bedtime now if you guys can
you put some of those back please don't
touch yeah you tear pages yeah yeah for
real um and so this is a really big day
because you know like how you have an
idea in your brain and then it comes to
fruition you know what I'm saying like
it's in your brain and then you you need
help from you know people to make it
real Ryan just stop and then all the
pieces come together to make you I think
I think I might have met RJ a little bit
over a year ago he came together and
helped me with the book Emily help Emily
with his wife help me with some of the
writing come on come on come on come on
come on
and then we have our like secret donors
and supporters who actually funded the
whole entire project and made it into
this like helped us pretty late it's
upside down
helped us they gave us the money to
print it so they invested in the project
they invested it meaning invest in us as
a family and so such a big deal so I'm
like crazy overwhelmed and crazy excited
and I just can't believe it and I'm
ready to work on it next one so no how
about you go pre-order the book go ahead
and pre-order the brown thing c-cold
pre-order the book now
listen stop stop stop stop listen we're
so excited so now you can go pre-order
the book all my website know so now you
can go pre-order the book on my website
the link is here and down there and
everywhere else I'll be posting and I'm
so excited there's only a limited
edition physical copies of this book so
okay yeah deal if you don't you know
saying was I saying there's no you okay
so there is a limited-edition this is a
limited-edition there there are several
copies I didn't mass print it already
printed about 700 copies so there's only
700 copies per cell so please be one of
the first to order that book okay
thank you guys Hey so the book is done
that's a big deal I got 50 copies so far
and those 50 copies are pretty much
dedicated to promotion and marketing I
have to find several influences to send
the book to most of them will be my
friends if anybody else wants to help
then they can help but uh here's where
you come in first of all congratulations
because if it wasn't for you none of
this stuff is really possible see we had
friends who donated who really invested
in the book but you guys invested in us
which allowed us to kind of free up
space in our minds to create the book so
thank you this is a big moment for us in
our family it's a big moment for I feel
like I'm not gonna say all black people
but I do feel like this is another step
in the right direction for characters
that look like us you know what I'm
saying and I feel like this is big for
me even when vo saw the boogeyman's ro
it's us you know what I'm saying like
it's rare that we get books that we see
books with with a lot of black
characters in it so some of you guys
actually sent me books like y'all can
you promote my book you with this book
and I've been kind of holding off on
that because I have to kind of promote
my own book you know what I'm saying so
I hope you guys can understand that book
thank you and uh I love y'all man I'm
like full of joy so okay so when you go
to order your copy of the book
you're gonna go to store go ahead and
click the book they're gonna scroll down
and hit pre-order boom after you put all
your information in at the bottom here
you have to click this button okay you
really can't see it if you're only the
iPad or if you're on your phone but
right here all you have to do is is
hover over it basically and you'll see
it all right in the same thing with your
desktop if you order it on your desktop
you'll have to hover over the bottom of
the page to see the pre-order button and
you can go ahead and click that also I
forgot to tell you if you are in patreon
you get 30% off
yes 30% off of the total of the book and
that's just a little thank you for me
for your support because without you you
know this is impossible
mama said every day's like this mama
said I gotta make a way out of no way if
I pray hold on wait a minute when I bow
my head do I say it like this hey life
is like a box of chocolates you never
know what you're gonna get but I have
done some things and then I had regrets
I mean they say I'm blessed but well I
see it manifest times are hard this
money's logee's now's a good time like
I'm ready to go needs on the flow and my
hands together both eyes are closed
nobody doing it better than my father up
in heaven hallowed be your name
can you send me money so I can make it
rain over here I don't deserve everybody
need to really care I gotta know the way
to go to Reaper so no you know I need to
grow and honestly I really got no place
to go and even if you given me another
way to make the door
