you know you guys know why you're here
deal I want your red and blue on my
nipples and I'll lock one on my chest
right here
Oh your chest right there that's your
chin buddy okay so how this works is I'm
going to ask a question you guys are
gonna tell me the answers to the
question and if you live there's gonna
be a buzzer that sounds okay buzzer is
gonna make this sound and that means
that you are not telling this feel so
I'm gonna ask you guys a couple
questions you guys are gonna tell me the
truth
okay can I do it was my birthday okay
yes
Theo how old are you five all right
looks like that's true right how old are
you fine okay
and who is faster Theo or aya me fine
who can buckle unbuckle the seatbelt
right now Theo yeah
the other night when we went to the
Harvest Festival
did you get candy what No No Deal
the other night when we went to the
Harvest Festival did you get candy well
the last night me your right eye candy
yeah and the Harvest Festival yeah we
did
okay and did you have any candy
the next morning dad well I had a little
family Kenny buzz saw more candy in my
eye a what about like one to reach for
okay before when it was like it was like
like when we wake up now only in like
like Clark hockey here's the real
question I want to ask this morning when
you guys woke up after I put the candy
in your room who ate the candy I didn't
write me not well the candy Kent I put
the candy in there last night in this
morning the Candy's gone so who ate the
candy it's not the lie detector look see
it's beeping yes who is it who ate the
candy feel me you hate the candy wait so
if that is the one says it's beeping man
says is someone it says it's lying if
the light beams that means isn't you're
lying
so who ate it Wow vo ate all the candy
rule you're by eight always good and
yes all right all the candy all his yeah
no it's your head that's going off right
huh right did you eat your brother's
candy hi Brian
hi Jimmy is it ain't you Tommy no that's
not the deal I did your can't candy all
right so where were locking horns the oh
you did eat his candy see oh you ate
your brother's candy look Raya look at
his head deal did you eat rice candy
this season huh did you eat it haha yes
I mean you're right okay so you guys
both hate each other's candy last night
he's not baby and I can't eat well
that's because he's telling the truth he
did eat your candy and no you ate his
candy right
no down when we were walking then then
tonight then I want my brother ain't my
daddy good good
what so was that last night I think you
guys woke up that after I told you guys
to go to sleep you guys woke up and you
ate your brother's you ate each other's
candy very disappointed it's not no okay
well tell me what happened
so when we win both laugh and then let
the old finish riot be quiet
so when we first heard that we I mean
you look at ah what the plea mm-hmm
and did Raya be quiet I mean whatever in
the pan the candy was gone
so it just disappeared yeah it vanished
I don't know where this can't be true we
are telling this please trust us when we
want dinner cooked it okay yes so but
where is it at who took it
yeah you know I don't have time but you
could put it under your pillow you hide
a lot of things in your bed you always
hide came you always hide toys and all
types of stuff in your bed so it could
be in there is it in there
I hate the remote yeah yeah no try to
flip it around on me that I just cuz I
hide the remote yeah right huh so Riya
bow you owe money you hide money where's
the money hidden yeah where's the money
it's so big I don't wanna hide only
money now okay don't hide anything
anymore okay
I'm all done with this no one took your
candy the candy is still here the reason
why I put you guys up on a lie-detector
test was to see if you guys are going to
tell on each other
it almost worked I took the gate from
you guys can't find it oh my gosh
here's it Chuck what am i sir
that you are a big wire um the reason
why I wanted to test you guys and see if
you guys would tell the truth listen
this is a lesson okay so sometimes
people are gonna tell you to say things
that aren't true you need to always tell
the truth okay
so never admit that you did something
that you didn't do feel I was almost
able to convince you that you stole the
candy I almost had you say that you hate
the candy but at the end you said I
didn't do it that's a lie and I
appreciate you for telling the truth I
know but before that you were gonna say
that you did it would you learn from the
lie detector you didn't learn anything
no are you sure the lesson is if you
didn't do something never say that you
did do something and don't lie for any
reason okay thank you so much for
watching believe from Fatherhood my name
is belief and I hope you enjoyed this
video if you liked it make sure to give
it a thumbs up and if you don't keep
those hey y'all
it's me Frank you know me being an
ice-cream man I talk to a lot of kids
especially those chocolate babies and
they're all on this YouTube thing now
the only problem with YouTube is that
very little of the content is catered
toward children of color now some of the
songs are catchy but they're annoying in
some of the videos out there on the
internet so educational but they're
boring
what we need is high-quality educational
content that has dope music I told my
brother belief about it and he tried but
he's broke
so our goal is to raise some money wrote
a song about it like the hit hit go my
name friend yeah it's all folk called me
the ice cream man
we got a problem but I got a play we got
a team but no money there hands
we got an animator an editor we worry
about competitors we got producers two
cameras
we need the patiska system and I still
need a place to stay never gotta pay RJ
he's the private designer money to build
a sec hello a minute I ain't done yet we
need a check we need some cash off your
wallet is spinning like air or why don't
you share even just giving the dollar
boy help up the kids if you care please
donate to our Kickstarter campaign we're
raising seventy five thousand dollars to
get fifty episodes done and that's just
the start
we're donating will help us make years
worth of content for generations to come
the only problem is if we don't raise
all the money we don't get any of it so
we really need your help all right talk
to you soon
