it was some guys believe here from
relief and fatherhood thank you guys so
much for watching this episode we're
gonna be talking about middle children
is you know your rising middle child fun
fact you vets a middle child so they got
like a kindred spirit thing going on but
I want you to check out this episode of
the middle you think you want to go back
home okay we're not gonna go back home
right now okay cuz we're at the park
okay why you like the park buddy Raya
Raya Raya why don't you want to be at
the park buddy
there's too much people here okay but
you know all these people just leave i
Ananias Kimani Ryan Ryan buddy we're not
gonna be here for long okay so I want
you to enjoy your time at the park while
we're still here okay no okay so do you
want to go sit now why everyone else
plays we're not gonna leave buddy the
whole family's here this is where we're
gonna be okay
like going home okay we're not going
home okay
I gave this to you you said dad give me
that you didn't say please or thank you
listen to me
listen you're being rude okay it's not
okay to cry because you don't get you
look at me in my eyes it's not good look
at me in my eyes okay so when something
doesn't go your way that does not mean
you get to cry and go sit over here by
yourself because you don't have what you
want I need you to stop that that's
called having a bad attitude and no one
wants to be around someone with a bad
attitude do you understand
now you need to say sorry no I need you
to look me in the eyes and say it so I
can hear you huh put your hands down
what happened man what happened the
right just take your shoes off and socks
off did you just tell me no again take
them off they're wet they got mud on
them
in the middle of it all I can see the
ritalin and all I see the metaphor I see
the plan I know God I made a masterpiece
with his hand I was you don't shoot a
pursuer Tikas gonna take a bow
I'm gonna go say wow you made me proud
already gone you know just spaghetti but
it's cool to the feel chilling out and
they get caught the godless I'm residing
over God lives and even if you missed a
target and if you push down on the park
pit I'm gonna wash it yeah I'm gonna
wash it cuz opposite of us a pop to
stick to tell apologize I put you down
inside there's a feeling like I'm
looking at myself in the eyes when I'm
looking at you
like my dad was like why he's all
because his face was mean or I think he
said mean did you give me trouble over
there no you did it you didn't get in
trouble he kind of just showed up here
in the back no what happened was he had
thank you so much for enabling horrible
behavior Diane
right Bo
are you eating ice are you eating out
something floor right well come here you
bet
guess it was a nice off the ground but
you me and I turn around it was in his
mouth and he ran away
there's sand on your feet okay what do
you want me to do wash your feet okay
you have to wait till we go home
we feed in it
yet they just finish it buddy oh I like
it like in your feet wash yeah good okay
now you're all done thank you guys for
watching and big shout outs our patreon
supporters who support us monthly
there's a lot of gems in this video as
far as attitude is concern as far as
services concern as far as relationships
are concerned and I want to know if you
guys picked up any gems or even if you
don't if you didn't pick up any gems if
you have any experience with middle
children or you are a middle child let
me know your thoughts I'm just
interested in kind of knowing what
everyone thinks about what happened in
this episode I particular laughs keep
your network proper peace
