okay so what I have here is a truth
simulator so I just have to finish
hooking it up okay so I have to plug
this up to you okay no it's not gonna
hurt no way it's gonna hurt are you
ready for it yeah okay now these are a
little sticky okay
but they come off okay so I gotta put
one now what does this thing do do you
know what it does
it monitors if you're telling the truth
okay
and the last one goes right here okay so
this right here is gonna tell me if
you're naughty or nice if you tell the
truth then you're being nice so I'm
gonna turn it on okay and I'm just gonna
ask you some questions okay so the first
question is what's your name
the opera's feel got it okay what is
your mom's name very good
are you a superhero are you a superhero
you'd have to say yes or no yes I'm a
superhero apparently wait a minute but
that beat means that you you didn't tell
the truth okay your power ranger yeah
apparently you're not telling the truth
okay let's try it again let's try again
are you a superhero okay
are you a Power Ranger
okay let's try another question did you
go to Legoland today
did you see bad guys there you saw a bad
guy did you fight bad guys today yeah
Zeo are you not telling the truth I'm
sure I am okay okay okay so did you see
bad guys at Legoland okay
did you fight them see oh haha oh my
goodness okay let's try another do you
know how to drive you have to say yes or
no hey dad do you know how to drive you
do a real car or or a small car a tiny
car are you trying to whisper so that
machine doesn't hear you okay do you
love your brother I can't hear you
but if you're telling the truth you can
be loud right do you love your brother
yes okay are you nice to him huh yes
were you nice to your brother today why
is the Machine saying that you aren't
nice to your brother what happened tell
me what happened with your brother were
you mean to him no where you mean to
your brother today not at all
would you do to Uriah speak loud tell me
be nice you were nice to him all day
didn't you didn't make fun of him at all
today Oh
a little yeah okay what happened all
right
first of all um I wanted me to come and
meet their walk walk the show it wasn't
me he was washing and then I said no he
cried because he because because he
wants me what is your favorite thing to
eat brownies do you ever throw your food
away when you're supposed to eat it no
do you ever throw your food away
sometimes first of all stop acting
homeless and put that back okay we don't
dig in the trash can even if it's to get
proof you've never thrown your food away
maybe once yeah
what about once
okay so you have to hold food away have
you ever put food that you were supposed
to eat in the trashcan yeah okay just
once maybe maybe yeah maybe it's okay if
you tell the truth yeah yeah everybody
does I used to do I don't care it's away
cuz I didn't okay okay I think we're all
done this is the first time did you like
the simulation yeah do you think you did
pretty good you didn't tell any lies
that was not bad it gets here it was
going on guys believe here from belief
in fatherhood thank you so much for
watching this episode now listen if you
have not subscribed to this channel yet
make sure you subscribe because next up
we have our second oldest kid Uriah Bowl
up on the lie detector test and if you
watch this channel at all you know that
he's full of mad quotable so go ahead
and hit the subscribe button click that
bell so you can be notified and if you
love this video share with somebody if
you like it like it and if you hate it
let me know in the comments section
thank you guys once again all big shout
out to my homie Cooper who built a lie
detector test and big shout out to the
patron supporters who already saw this
you guys got it early and yeah
particularly keeping Network poppin
peace
