December 5th 2017 yes don't put up our
Christmas tree I usually like to use mr.
Creedy
like we come into disarray except this
year we went out a little road trip so I
didn't have time to do that but then
while we're on the road trip I realized
that our Christmas tree is a doctor
needed by a new one but instead of
buying a new one I'm like let's just get
a real one fig tree for next year and he
well Christ for a fake tree
then just buy a tree for like $30
I got understand ok we're doing this
Christmas thing but I don't really
understand the significance of a tree
you know I'm saying so we have a tree we
have a fake tree or fine no I'm coming
down to play but you know they're like
pulling a trees I think it's from the
ground right and even though they make
one time of year for like a month and
then throwing it I don't have tree farms
that like like prepare for this type of
thing so where it's like ok they amble
they've grown all these extra trees for
all these people for Christmas but if we
stop supporting the tree farms then
we'll create more space for trees that
we asked to need in the ground you know
same instead of like these wasteful
trees that just for it aesthetic I just
don't get it
and so I understand what he's saying
however I don't I want to carry but I
don't care that tree got one more no
even I know we did some tape we guess
would save me take that thing up and the
floor the things hang a little Oh oh my
god that was wrap it up and put it this
way and in a go parallel to the ground
we are recording this is because of all
when I might go get a new tree
I let miss Nesbit to not get a real tree
I wouldn't eat a whole big account and
hide the money
leave
Oh Lord my God
Christmas go hard this is no sarcasm I
can't fathom our low lessons we should
go to home
so if you wonder what's going on right
now we have just attempted to get our
first because events actually wanted to
go into like a really nice part of town
to get the tree you know we're like more
wealthy people live you know so right
now we are in whip know we're in which
is like a lot it's super expensive out
here a tree come back this way guys
a tree is a tree we can afford guys look
at that you babe that's not the one we
go for example move out of the way we
can afford this bad boy right here
nobody listen to me so this is a these
are the kind of leaves or whatever that
I like I don't the ones that may have a
Home Depot are not gonna be this space
okay let's go I'm so sorry but I'm not
spending $100 in the Christmas tree how
about me I'm a little bit of sin
checking cuz we showed you got tree up
at home no all right come on guys let's
go all right a lot of money that money
wasn't planning on spending so we are
gonna have to
vo don't cry I really cuz I don't think
we're gonna be able to find that type of
treat for the amount of money that I
want to pay what's the budget what is
the budget what's the tree budget I
thought I was gonna walk away no pain no
more than $40 maybe they've been is
still expensive yeah but those are
beautiful
I might just be cheap no you're not
being cheap I'm pod you got some sense
do you think he judged us because we
couldn't afford that tree it's not that
we couldn't afford is that whitter
willing to pay for that yeah we can't
afford it is this who would pay that I
just don't understand it's gonna be in
my house for 30 days and I'm gonna throw
it I don't throw an engine dies away but
do you throw $40.00 away here you go $40
$40 for the experience to smell the
I mean we spend that much money on fluid
and flip it out later I think food and
being nourished is different from having
a tree pulling it from the ground and
sticking it in your house
I see I know I was really like gonna
cold I'm not getting no new tree but any
best I can get fall so I got the new
iPhone
Plus
and I say that about a little silly tree
can we just do one more year I promise I
promise next week after Christmas you
could buy the most luscious looking
clearance clearance fig tree and we
could get pie and smelly
I can see just working
okay so those of you who celebrate the
pagan holiday is those are you
celebrating the holiday how much did you
spend on your tree no leave it in the
comment section below how much did you
spin on your Christmas tree and if
you've got an artificial Christmas tree
how much did you spend on that go ahead
buddy what's up
and do what
because my mom said
they're Christmas trees over there cost
money
he says that so completing that is so
convicting how is it going because he
wants to save you money right
we need we need under Fischer's victory
you only said
DL just said they correct me if I'm
wrong Theo Theo just said sometimes I
tell them they don't need any new swords
because they already have swords right
and since we already have a Christmas
tree we don't need a new Christmas tree
right
you know well mommy wants to get to I
don't
you know cuz we already have one mommy
wants to get another one
I'm just keep it
here's the deal we'll just go to the
Christmas tree line firehouse if I don't
like the trees that are there or if
they're too expensive then we'll just
deal with the one that we have and then
I'll get a new Christmas tree later
after Christmas for next year okay
sounds like a deal
sounds like a deal so what happened baby
they were actually more into the
Christmas trees got up to like two
hundred and ten dollars y'all wait a
minute at that last place in Vista yes
$210 and then like I saw the one for $79
but I was just still again I can't I
can't also come I never need ice and I'm
gonna spit I he'll tell and now you to
ride more regions cuz if I bring joy to
the world gonna give it to the boys are
the counts are the last of the holidays
what season it's like a bike hit a
little holy Garson and rivet on a
holiday cheer I got a name I saw here
last month a no Mike here neck Friday
black
okay I kind of wanted to show you guys
some of the process and me making
records for the vlog I'm gonna try to
bang this out real quick I got a bunch
of Christmas beats from amazing
producers and I really got inspired so
am i trying to knock out a Christmas EP
today and tomorrow
