yomo way to the annual chocolate baby
Halloween party that we do every year
you vet does an amazing job putting this
thing together and I just have to show
up
the one thing I'm supposed to do is be
there and I'm not there it's awesome
about five minutes and I'm like 20
minutes away
hello look at me I've been fresh I've
been walking with my Savior yes I'm
trying to do my best I guess some just a
bag of balls trying to shake up by the
flesh when you see me never stretch
that's when you cease you see me you say
hello hello hello me
I'll bet Fred yesterday I put up a post
saying happy Halloween to those who
celebrated it was crazy some people
chastised me for celebrating Halloween
seeing how it's a demonic day for
Satan's favorite day I'm not one to
celebrate many holidays I think
sometimes we can over dramatize the day
and make it more about the day than the
people but it's weird that when you
actually grow up and you get older you
have children you start to do things
just for them just so they can
experience other people and events and
time with other kids and families in the
joining together of people I think when
you're deciding who you want to marry
you take a lot of things into
consideration if something like a
Halloween becomes a non-issue it's just
not that serious to us what if you're
willing to live and die on that hill
then send all your receipts my way and
how we sit and hunger when we got the
bread of life your favorite hungry food
a true go ahead and take a bite I know I
probably said a lot of things that y'all
like but they don't matter to me as long
as when you see me you say hello
other friends I've been walking with my
Savior yes I'm trying to do my best
guess I'm just a backup on China say
your butter please
hello
okay nice getting strapped in with Papa
are you good at Naya okay good why are
we all good to go
we went to this harvest festival right
do you Ryan were having a good time
there's all these different things to do
they made you do some type of obstacle
or do a certain task in order to get
some candy you're only supposed to take
two pieces of candy but you know Uriah
he took a handful he was grabbing three
or four pieces of candy and everything
was going great now I wasn't actually
expecting the night to go like you did
the count will you get the candy too
because I thought the kids would want to
eat the candy that night
oh good job
all right
man if he was coming up with a Reese's
for me I like this place because they
make you earn your candy and I told him
that they can have some the next day so
the next morning when we woke up we were
very surprised to see oh my gosh did you
guys have fun
you got 12 pieces of candy all right
that they ain't most of their candy he
woke up and ate his candy yeah yeah
you ate all that candy to someone oh
right Bo oh my gosh I really can't
believe y'all woke up in a candy without
permission I can't either
are you like do you know that you're
supposed to ask for candy then why did
you not you're pretending is your
birthday so why don't you eat it for
pretend you know you're supposed to ask
i getcha fast you're not gonna be able
to get away from me when I chase you you
understand and the end no let me read a
book we want real no no good nice ride
boy you just push me in the face
I wanted to test the integrity of the
boys so two nights after the Harvest
Festival
I put the candy back in their room and
told them not to touch it
but the next morning it was all gone
what happened to you candy you guys ate
it
no don't lie to me well where is the
candy I put this in your last night I
told you not to touch it I don't touch
it wink
I didn't know who was who ate the candy
no one where is it nyeh on it and I
can't eat the candy she would be sick if
she had it no I think I'll own it
it's a beer no it's alive it's disappear
it's a wife it's alright no I'm gonna
have to put you guys on the lie detector
test y-yeah question of the day who do
you think ate the candy tune in to the
next episode of belief in fatherhood
where I'll put the kids on a
lie-detector test to figure out who ate
the candy this can't be true we are
telling this food please trust us
