all right this morning I paid my bed and
I mean and you know like wet em I bet it
will happen what you write oh my I'd be
in my bag and I wanna go swimming and
then I peed in my my and my an articles
and my and my blake day we're gonna wash
this is now drying all of their clothes
yeah
breakfast breakfast
I've been doing like crazy is trying to
get everybody onto a private Facebook
because most most people have Facebook
yeah and they have to have I mean they
get an alert when something pops them
yeah yeah
so I've been trying to like use that
place as a place I think I got about
half of the people who are on patron
inside of the
right you bees always be hidden up to
yours stop if anybody wants to take him
back to his original parents do you do
that
do be careful look at that you don't
have time
is it is that a bitch it's a bridge yeah
there's the Golden Gate Bridge yeah
Golden Gate Bridge
I see something
their Golden Bridge date is your right
oh I'm sitting here thinking I don't
know anything hey son I'm staying here
alright guys we just dropped a Crissy
Field Park 258 258 this wave we're gonna
fight that we have a meet up today we're
eating out with some people watch me
little bother right I know I meet ups
always make me a little bit nervous
because I'm like well what if we meet us
I'll just enjoy a little bit of crime
and you ever go to Gate Bridge
we're supposed to meet up but nobody's
here
I mean it's the beginning of a time that
we said we'd be here so there's still
time so people show up but we just
brought this place called Sutro Baths
and I really want to go back and so if I
can talk Glenn into doing that then I'm
going to
and I apologize if anybody shows up
after you leave but I just don't think
it's a good time during work hours
Friday looking at the viewfinder sort of
like
how's it going never mind
we started out in San Francisco but we
were really going to Redding to go see
some friends I think everyone knows that
blogging is different from filmmaking
vlogging is documenting the day in the
life a singular or series of events and
treating it almost like a diary but a
filmmaker a filmmaker turns a moment
into a memory captures the sweet nuances
of life and turns it into magic I am a
blogger but my friend Garrett he's a
filmmaker all these images were either
shot or directed by him
now we're both successful in our own
right but it didn't start out that way
this is me and this is Garrett 20 years
ago Skylar she was first born she was
probably like what less than a month
yeah and then this is the wedding party
you disappeared yeah disappear who was
the photographer name show me no love
man this girl named Esther and you're
though yeah yeah I look normal I guess
you look a lot like your brother in this
picture yeah well anyway
I want to talk to you a little bit about
filming right yeah yeah yeah
so Garrett is probably mine one of my
long is knowing there's like closest
friends I don't even use the term like
best friend you know exam is just like
this Wyatt I feel like one more family
than anything you know I'm saying but I
don't know you know it's been 20 years
holy cow I've known each other and it's
like almost to the day because it
basically was the beginning of this like
minute of school year 20 years ago we
met yeah 20 years then Garrett was like
one of my first couple friends at this
school and I don't know why we connected
so well yeah but it just was like
instantly like we were just friends you
know I'm saying and we were pretty
different from anybody back well no we
were just different from each other yeah
very much so
yeah but I mean also like you could kind
of tell like I didn't know anybody yeah
I was definitely I didn't fit in
yeah and you like gravitated toward me
in a very weird kind of like like it
uses always fun and games you know what
I'm saying is though we like started
hanging out sleepovers you know flag
football all types of stuff like that 12
13 and I moved back it's a Baltimore and
it's interesting because when I finally
moved back to California at the age of
20 there's like we never missed a beat
you just picked up right where we left
off and just continued to be you know
closest friends it's weird because I you
know I don't have a lot of friends that
I have had that long that's really just
like you and Sydney you know but you one
thing that that really really real
reason I wanted to kind of stand and
talk to you is because you did something
that I don't know if he realized he did
and you told me this and so when I came
back to Cali and you started
you were in long beach going to school
mm-hmm and you took into the movement
you're like the clip of the church so
you were like y'all was go to church and
I was like I don't care I just want to
get out of house you know no Santa
pick me up take me anywhere it was girls
at the church so I was like it's cool
you know and after a while and I started
like receiving the Lord and like coming
growing a little bit faith you showed me
a book where you were praying like all
throughout high school and so the only
two people I know they were praying for
me throughout entire life with my
grandmother and you you know what I'm
saying and so where did you learn and
did you really believe that I was going
to come to the Lord where did you learn
that I don't know it's like I think
about it because I don't even know like
at that time like if I fully knew how to
like a really true relationship with I
mean I did have a true relationship with
the Lord but I don't feel like I I mean
I didn't really know that much I didn't
have that deep of relationship with the
Lord but I think I think with what I did
have I think through church and yeah I
think just I just cared for you so much
and I knew like I kind of saw the gold
in you maybe even before some of the
things you could potentially do okay
like I saw that in you and it's like I
wanted you to have that I don't know I
wanted you to have that freedom and that
relationship with the Lord even though
at the time maybe I was I was still
figuring things out as well in addition
to that we have become fathers which is
very strange because well I mean like I
remember making forts and like having
like a club both groan our kids play
together so well yeah up here is
spinning tonight like I'm like a
sleepover and our wives are connecting
really well and it's very rare that
stuff
like we can't stay friends like that no
one usually when his families stay
together for three days straight these
you want to kill each other yeah I think
we're doing pretty yeah yeah I mean like
I'm like man I wish I could stay longer
you know what I'm saying I mean help out
do something for you guys but what is it
I don't know like just seeing our kids
play together is something big for me
what are some things that you look back
on growing up having a relationship with
your dad no I'm seeing and some of the
things you look back on and you're kind
of like man like because I think we can
both say that our dads weren't perfect
you noticed and by a long shot
you know and not that we're perfect but
you know I think that we're looking for
much place like though we have to really
set the standard you know what a man is
or families so what are some of the
things that you take away just from
growing up in your father's home and
stuff you look forward to like changing
the narrative yeah it's a good question
I think we were talking about it earlier
but I think my dad my dad was always
physically there for me which I really
appreciate and I think he loved me and
he loved me in his own way he wasn't
emotionally he wasn't emotionally there
he was very disconnected which it was
which was really hard for me but I think
as I got older I think in my when I was
out of high school in college you kind
of start to at least for me maybe it's
different with other kids when they grow
up but at least for me like when you get
a little bit older like out of high
school and college you start to see your
parents flaws where before you don't
really realize it right
and then you start figuring out their
flaws and I had a lot of resentment and
bitterness and a lot of things I a lot
of emotion emotional things that I kind
of had to work through and I'm probably
still working through some of them for
sure but I also but I think now it's
like I'm a little bit older and maturing
is like I'm also seeing the good things
that my dad did give to me and I'm and
not I think I'm like oh I I don't want
to be like this I want to be completely
different and be a different dad to my
kids and I think they're different
people speaking and God speaking to me
it's like it's not not getting rid of
all the things my dad gave to me he did
give me some good things and kind of
taking a hold of those and appreciating
the good qualities that he did have and
and yeah everything wasn't perfect but
it's like it's like my dad's ceiling is
like my floor to really step it up with
my kids and and really trying hard to be
the best dad I can be to them and and
and so I really wanna I really want to
let my kids know like everyday that I
love them and
I appreciate that and really I don't
know just talk just talk about
everything and not hide not have to hide
anything and just talk about like with
my son like what it is to be a man and
but I think there's something about even
though dads aren't perfect it's like
grabbing a hold of the gold that they
did give you yeah and there's something
about that inheritance like my dad was
more of like a silent leader and it's
like I have learned now it's like I have
a lot of those qualities so I don't know
not enough stuff and just figured out I
just figure it up as my dad actually
just passed away a month ago and that's
the funeral yeah all these I mean what I
I'm gonna cut you off but yeah like when
I look at your dad
in the relationship I had whatever it
was like I do always encouraging it like
it was always encouraging and like for
me that would have been enough yeah you
know what I'm saying
and so I don't know it's like you get to
see the consistency over time with him
like he was in currently people when I
got up to speak a lot and it was like yo
you didn't say much but when he did he
cared about you yeah that's how you were
yeah
and so I wonder like how was he doing I
don't know man I just feel like we're in
the we're in a place now it's kind of
like you know our dads may have not been
great but we have each other to talk
back and forth ideas and then be like
you already frustrated you know
something like this week has been trying
you know you
you're trying for me - no I'm saying you
guys about to have your fourth your
fourth baby and it's just this is
awesome man like I love growing with you
and I'm glad that we'll be doing life
together and so we die you don't
understand even if even when we have our
little you know differences and stuff
like that you just you never miss a beat
understand so when it's cool I think
it's cool that we've I think think
growing up it's like we've also our
paths have kind of gone different ways
yeah a consistent income is like
everything you know it kind of takes the
weight off where I could feel like I
could breathe without this heavy like
send a block on my chest you know that I
can't like because honestly that's how
it feels when you don't know when the
money's coming in you know we prepare
mortgage off this you know which is big
