good morning so today we have to drop
Glenn off at the airport my mornings
usually start with pumping because and I
is mostly sleeping through the night
occasionally she whimpers but for the
most part she's sleeping through the
night so when I wake up I have a little
extra milk I need to get out of my
system so anyway that's what I'm doing
and then I'm gonna go get in the shower
and we're gonna get this day started I
like to shower and be dressed before the
kids are awake when I have activities
planned for the day we'll see how this
works out sometimes Uriah likes to wake
up and join in on the fun so Amy who by
the way Glenn's not back I told him to
get packed yesterday but they say don't
cry over spilled milk
you probably worried it was coming from
your breasts can I get a witness you can
see the mess or the dishes that are in
my kitchen but I will say that yesterday
I cleaned the house this table is
cleared has the kids cups of course but
another reason I want to get out today
is so that this cleanliness can somewhat
stay I even made the kids clean up
before before they went to bed last
night today is an important day in the
history of
I'm headed back to
the Men's Wearhouse but for the first
time I'm actually
but customer
and it's just weird because this is
actually my first job when I moved to
California working at the Men's
Wearhouse there I am back again the
first time I got my little pickup slip
are you doing good to see you what are
you doing I'm picking up a jacket
thank you appreciate it I used to work
here and actually started out folding
shirts and displaying stuff and helping
out salesmen and then I actually got my
first sales job being a Salesman taught
me a lot about being an MC told me a lot
about approaching people everything like
having a confidence when you walk up to
someone and being aggressive but at the
same time being understanding and trying
to meet the needs of people come into
our house was kind of just like this
stepping stone and this was back in 2000
yeah around 2005 and so we sit here and
we sell shirts yeah I'll try it on thank
you I want to do a twist on my hair but
I just don't have time right now what
I'm gonna do is make breakfast
my breakfast is gonna be really easy
it's easy it is easy but I'm gonna make
I'm bacon egg and cheese quesadillas
because the boys can eat those on the
run and because I know that they'll eat
it because there's such picky eaters and
I can have
- so bacon egg and cheese quesadillas
for breakfast and I don't want to keep
winking so excuse me it's like I just
don't know how to stop talking to the
camera and it's weird in and of itself
to be talking to the camera so I've been
working - I know
your videos are freaking awesome thank
you I'm speaking you pooped a peds so I
gotta wipe your butt when I'm trying to
make you a nutritious breakfast
so writeable is inevitably the first
person to wake up every day
it's very rare that deal wakes up before
him I mean and I could sometimes wake up
before them but usually they're the ones
making up an iron but anyway
what well go sit on the toilet you said
yesterday
I don't know why he feels like he has to
announce every time he has to go to the
bathroom I just want him to get there on
time this is definitely no food for
thought type of meal but it isn't even
original no it's not I got off Pinterest
before she hit third the quesadilla in
the pan I actually doesn't look too
fancy but tastes okay yeah
thank you all right get out of here have
a line thank you I appreciate it
see you later sis earning your your pay
not just hourly but actually making
Commission and it taught me a little bit
about hustle I wasn't as savage as a lot
of other salesmen because I was younger
and they were trying to provide them
family and kids and stuff like that but
I still learned a lot now how do you all
make your peanut butter and jelly
sandwich do you put the peanut butter on
one side of the bread and the jelly on
the other side of the bread or do you
put the jelly on top of the peanut
butter or do you even put the peanut
butter on first that's
some of them trying to find but they can
try to climb but they can't clean like
this so what I must say Kitty push I
can't remember
begging for time off or like asking if I
could leave 30 minutes early you know so
I could get to a show for Souchak
I don't know life just seems so much
different back then like I played by all
the rules and now I just feel like there
are no rules you know like we can just
make up the rules as we go
it's been morning anyways we're on our
way to la la
Ryan's excited what's wrong with you so
we're on our way to LA we are just going
anyway we're on our way to LA and I'm
hoping that one way all these children
fall asleep so that they're in better
moods and so I have a deeper level of
patience oh we're going to a head wrap
convention y'all know I like to wear my
hair wraps up my hair out today but I
like to wear my head wraps and okay so I
never actually finished saying what
we're where we were going but we're
going to be head wrap convention and we
already parked and got everybody out
mom's taking care of the kiddos and
people are already learning marriage cue
head rocks and I'm just loving it I'm
loving the different ways that they have
them tied and I'm hoping that I come up
with some beautiful rich and there's I
mean it's the perfect activity for a hot
summer day actually it's not thunder
it's oh but why why I'm gonna take off
my shoes so I can get in here
so I just got to the hotel room in DC at
first I was like nervous you don't say
because I'm speaking and always kind of
getting nervous to speak and this is a
big deal being out here for TEDx but
honestly I can't afford to be nervous
you don't sound like it's too much on
the line it's too much risk of getting
out here and so much money and even
though you know they did cover my my
cost out here I had I'm getting
reimbursed so but it's just too much
that like on the life immediate just
kind of be like yeah man I will figure
it out not like I have to kill this you
know me and so that's how I'm feeling
but I gotta get some rest so see you
guys in the a.m.
all right I want to tell you how that my
superpowers father I was working a job I
hate it okay I don't know if anyone here
ever wear hijab because anyone here okay
good
cuz I'm not alone and I have something
to confess not what you guys to judge me
still like safe spaces okay I was
working to Java head my manager and I
were not getting along okay I'm sitting
in my car looking at the rearview mirror
trying to figure out what's friend I
could call to call in a bomb threat so I
didn't have okay this this this was
having rot issue to me outside a lot
issues at my job and I come
every day from work my wife would ask me
the same question Edwin you hate your
job this is the worst question to say
hey how's your day and I'd say I'm
bringing up old stuff yeah as you can
see I've taken Theo's hair and dividing
the missing sections and I'm beginning
the twisting process anyway I gave up
because it's just so much work and it's
just so much work and it should be
taking better care of and I want to take
them too
oh yeah I'm just getting off this flight
had a great weekend in Baltimore I did
the TED talk is absolutely insane so I'm
headed out excited to see the fan hi
hi everybody hi to you too
thank you for a cop sign up a patreon
for peace sign up for piggies sign over
