this video took over two years to make
and no it didn't take over two years to
edit and put together but it did take
over two years for me to figure out what
I'm about to tell you right now and
that's the truth before I have belief in
the father that all I had was a problem
my wife asked me what I wanted to be
doing with the rest of my life over five
years and I couldn't tell her anything
and that shocked me and it allowed me to
be in a place where I could have someone
hold me accountable and figure out what
I wanted to do now through a series of
questions I knew that I wanted to speak
to people about parenting and speak to
them about how great it was and how
great it feels to be a parent in
everything I'm learning but it still
took some time to make that thing a
reality what we figured out is that
Facebook Instagram YouTube all these
different other platforms will become
the vehicle for me to speak to my
audience so find my people and I started
finding my people but the thing is it
was a plan two years ago it was a plan
right now some people are looking at
where I'm at right now in the same no
it's easy for you to say you have such a
suss amount of subscribers you have this
you have that in this innocence but
before that all I had was a problem in
an idea okay now the problem sparked the
idea that I could be doing speaking and
being a parent basically as a profession
you know and so where I want to end up
is being a personality and speaking
where I started at was being home with
my children
it took me a while to be home with my
children and if you gonna grow enough to
open up the camera and to just be honest
about my perspective and where I'm at
father that honesty led to a place where
people would be able to be edified and
be able to watch what I'm doing and
maybe take something away from it this
is all proof right now that I can speak
on something maybe five or six years
from now or today just recently I did my
first TED talk and I'm really excited to
share that with you but everything's
kind of moving forward and I'm getting
into this place where people are asking
me how before they were asking you why
when I first started believing father's
in October 19 2015 people were looking
at me friends looking at me like I don't
get it seems like a cool idea it was
kind of like one of those looks like
they just didn't understand why I was
doing what I was doing and it's
interesting how they look at me now
you're not I'm saying like it's almost
like with this how did you do that the
idea was just a thought and I dream the
body now it wasn't my responsibility to
tell people in my dream so for them to
believe in my dreams it was up to me to
believe in my dreams even my wife like
she didn't really get it at first either
but me telling her my dream and her
believing in my dream wasn't important
what was important is that I believe the
my dream because of his mind in order
for her to believe in my dream I had to
make it come to reality I had to make it
something I had to make her see and read
the comments and say look look look
watch watch watch and then she can see
and say okay I can grab onto this now
because there's something tangible some
of us really believe that people should
be believing in our dreams that we have
that God has given us and that's just
not the truth God didn't give those
dreams to those people he gave those
people other dreams he gave you your
dream so it's up to you to make that
dream turn into reality if you want
other people to buy into it right now
there are other people buying into my
dream what first was looking at me like
I don't know why you would do that now
they're asking me how now the point is
the look is what I'm interested in how
they look at me at first if someone's
not looking at me like I'm crazy then
I'm actually a little concerning I'd
rather for people to look at me and ask
me why I'm doing something when I know
that it's a great idea you got us giving
me the idea yeah that is giving me the
dream instead of people saying yeah that
just seems like common sense it took two
years it took a lot of time trying to
figure out how to place the edits when
the kids are speaking and messing it up
it took a lot of time to figure out how
to edit using software Final Cut Pro it
took a lot of time to figure out how to
title a YouTube video with some nail to
use it took a lot of time to build up
the courage to put my family out there
like that it took a lot of time for my
wife to see that this was something that
she wanted to be a part of I took a lot
of time for my friends too it took a lot
of time for my family to get E and now
two years later some people are calling
it a success but it's not a success now
it was successful when I was in here
tinkering away clicking and two o'clock
in the morning knowing I had to get up
at 6:00 because the kids were gonna wake
up and I had to figure it all out
it was success when knowing believed it
it was success and I kept doing it
I had the idea in the dream in my heart
not when people started subscribing
that's not success success is when it
happens inside of you first success is
the blind right now some of you out
there feeling like you're not successful
because you're not reaping the fruit but
it's not about the food it's about the
root it's about what's happening right
now the ideas making come to reality the
dreams that you're following please
please please don't wait for other
people to believe in you before you stop
believing in this self you might be two
years away from whatever it is but if
you knew at the beginning that it was
gonna take two years they might have
seemed too long you might have seemed
like that ain't two years twenty four
months that's a long time I don't know
if I can climb but the thing is it's not
about when it happens it's about why why
are you doing what you're doing your Y
has to be super important has to be
super big for me my why is I'm gonna
quit father's I'm gonna give hope to
others and I wanna inspire children I
want my father's to feel like they are
important in the home I want how our
mothers to know that they're not alone
in some father's deal with the same
things and as a family we all I having a
hard time
and we all rejoice and we all have great
times together and as a child you know
if you're you grew up in a rough
situation you don't have to be what you
had so many of us and in culture we want
to close our doors and keep everything
hush-hush and keep everything a secret
I'm gonna truth is if you do that then
you miss transparency what that means is
other people really don't understand
what you're going through and they think
that they are alone they think they're
too only people don't do what they're
going through
well belief a father does is just show
you that yo you're not alone if you're a
parent you're not alone if you're a kid
you're not alone
trying to figure this whole thing out we
are not the example we're the proof that
it's possibly for you and so I'm very
very very grateful for everyone for
subscribing to this channel or just
watching or whatever you know you
stumble upon this thing I do appreciate
it it's not just about me you know
saying it's about you as well I hope for
you is that some of you are watching
this in a 10 minute for joy of peace or
clarity or for whatever you're watching
it for but some of you are just waiting
to get started on something and right
now is your time to go like it's been
time you know and so if you're sitting
there you're waiting and you're kind of
like pause just trying to figure out
which way to go
it's it's it's time to start because it
may be two years away from what success
looks like for you now and then when
you're at that point
success is going to look totally
different for what you're thinking I
truly truly truly appreciate your
subscription if you subscribe I truly
truly truly appreciate your patronage of
your patron have you've ever been a
patron and yeah I'm just hoping right
now that you're encouraged you know I'm
saying and you're working on those
dreams those ideas those thoughts that
God has given you specifically and
however I can read a blessing to that or
I have been a blessing to that I'm glad
to be and if you have not yet signed up
on my email list go ahead and click this
link right here to take you to my page
on my website and I'll actually give you
the song from the food for thought from
the last video which was fire according
to the comments and so you'll get that
as a thank-you for me just being a part
of our extended family
yeah
