when we released the last episode of
belief and fatherhood we don't want to
leave but whenever we do that I don't
want to leave you empty-handed I don't
want to leave you with these skeletons
of episodes that you remember but you're
wondering what's going on with the
children I want to live the rest of my
life not on video possibly I'm not sure
but at some point when we do cut it off
I do want to leave you with something
and so that something is we're writing a
book
okay actually the first of many books
what I'm hoping is a series about belief
in fatherhood I dream of the day but I'm
not running it alone I'm writing it with
some good friends of mine RJ and Emily
Vergara they are amazing people
she's an author he's in Illustrator they
have a mazing team I have a gift for RJ
but first I want to thank Best Buy for
sponsoring this video today I received
the Microsoft Surface pro let's open
this bad boy up
sorry I had to go pick this up this
right here is the surface pin who's
going to use this RJ keep your network
popular gives me the Microsoft Surface
pro is designed to be one of the most
productive tablets we've seen yet you
can turn any artists I'd be into
something digital I guess that's why I
made Best Buy's list this year for top
tech gifts my favorite feature on the
surface pro is that you can draw so
easily so when I paired it with the pen
tool sold separately I was able to
combine a bunch of techniques I already
knew with the whole arsenal of utensils
desired by any artist
I've never met our Jam person but being
able to give him was something that I
probably won't use as a gift within
itself as this holiday season approaches
and you're searching for gift for the
dreamers in your life consider checking
our Best Buy's top tech gifts of the
season so do you guys want to see this
this is the chocolate baby's book maybe
you haven't even seen this yet these are
the new drawings so this is our book
this book right here is called his
bedtime
