hey deal
don't start whining really loud you're
gonna wake up your sister yes first I
want to thank audible for sponsoring
this video because I have a extreme
confession I've not stopped spanking my
children I knew that when I became a
parent everything was going to be
different I wasn't going to have the
same problems as my parent the same
issues I wasn't going to think the same
I would just be different but somehow
they bring in it out of me I didn't know
I had it in let me explain to you what
happened before you totally go insane on
me in the comments section which I know
some of you are already doing based on
the title of the video we were all
hanging out downstairs
everybody was chilling rolling a good
mood the kids were eating snacks Uriah's
chilling walking around okay then he
starts doing this thing with his foot he
likes to kick sometimes he dances a lot
he's offbeat but he always kind of moves
and then he starts doing this mind you
his sister
six months old is sitting right in front
of him he starts doing this I told him I
said buddy you have to be careful
because the sisters like but Uriah bola
he is gone like he is somewhere I don't
know what he was thinking he's smiling
he's looking at me he does it again so
I'm like yo chill with my eyes though
I'm not saying anything I'm just looking
at him like you could get touched I
don't want to touch you
but you do get touched then he does it
again this time I hear this he kicked
his baby sister in the head and you can
see or start to well up dislike emotion
like she's like trying to figure out why
this pain is happening to her writing it
back at ahead right under the little
ledge you know I'm saying and she's
welling up welling up
Mariah just looks at me and then she
lets out of belleau a big cry and I look
at Uriah and I tried to hold back all
the ghetto I tried to hold back
everything inside of me that said nah
lately but I couldn't hold it back I
know your ride is a runner you know what
I'm saying so I got up slowly wasn't
even looking at him walked a couple
steps then I grabbed him and I said have
you lost your mind in all since slipped
spank my child out of anger I told
myself I wasn't gonna spank my children
anymore especially as soon as I had an
idea because I was like man there's no
way I'm spinning this kid so I have to
stop spanking the other two and I
learned a lot about spanking I believe
that spanking is something that you do
out of convenience it's not something
that's the most necessary or the thing
that gets the best results and I learned
that because when I took the time to
actually go through and write down and
draw pictures for Theo so they he
understood that was probably one of the
greatest lessons I've ever taught him
because I took the time to make sure he
got it yeah it took like 45 minutes
instead of this 30 seconds they would
have took him to spank him but it was
just more logical and every time I left
the house after that he would always say
pop I'm gonna listen to mama papa listen
to mama he's like it's ingrained in his
head but Uriah and it's just in a but
like oh this is why I did it
Uriah is harder to get you and I've been
really having a hard time trying to
express myself as a parent to a child in
a way that he can understand how to
really protect his life
my wife just stood there watching she
couldn't even look at me she was
listening do was kind of smiling because
that's just the oh right now and Aniyah
like everyone was like tense and I felt
myself realize how trash of a parent
like I'm real trash you know having kids
is very difficult because you're
realizing that you're trying to parent
someone at the same time you need
parenting
like I used to think I was always gonna
have it all together when I became a
parent I was gonna be like this great
father and and I have great moments but
those aren't anything that I really can
take credit for that's just God's grace
in my family that my children can be so
understanding and forgiving I have a
history of abuse in my growing up you
know and I think that's why I was so
activated toward fatherhood because I
was like you know I'm not gonna make
these same mistakes but it's impossible
not to make these mistakes a lot of
people have have commented and tried to
give me support in this way and tell me
like yo you really shouldn't be spanking
your kids because it teaches a fear and
it's not right and there it is and I
really don't want to spank my kids I
really don't want to but when you don't
have a plan to remove and change your
heart I like even asked like the Lord to
give you some type of different desire
or self-control there's really not
anything you can change on your own
because you can only give out what is
inside of you and a lot of people really
want to agree with that but I would say
if you don't then you really haven't
been put face to face with a toddler
roundhouse kicking your baby you know
what I mean you know when we had this
conversation it was almost almost a year
ago I guess my wife and I were talking
and she was like you'll read this book
read this book and I really have no time
to read I trying to make time to read
you saw what happened last video when I
tried to make time to read it just
doesn't happen that way in so taking in
the book audibly and listening to the
book because it's just something I
really need help with you know I don't
really know what has to happen in my
heart for me to never go through that
again
see I made a good run like I haven't
spanked him for a long time and I was
very self controlled and
I think that I just found time to just
kind of walk away or remove myself from
the situation you never really know what
issues you have until something comes
into up with that issue you know what
I'm saying like you only know who you
are in your certain situation you know
so right now I'm cool I love California
but you put me in like Zambia you know
saying we're super hot I would be very
irritated you know what I'm saying like
same time of the day same day but then
the environment in the situation I mean
it probably changes what I'm actually
going to do with my life you don't
understand aha max you're gonna treat
other people and so that's why
self-control that's a key as I'm
listening to this book I've been
learning things I've been like getting
exposed to gospel-centered
parenting style you know and I and I
think I've been trying to control and
protect certain things and that I am the
the partitions in these areas that I'm
also becoming an obstruction for the
connection between you know the kids and
me or the kids and each other or
whatever you know being a parent is so
crazy because you have three kids and
you're one person but you have to parent
that three kids differently because
they're three different people and they
had three different personalities and
it's just it's just so crazy and I've
been learning so much via this book that
I've been listening to I'm parenting in
the middle of a sanctification process
meaning I'm growing as a person going
through the sanctification process with
God and during my sanctification I still
have to parent right and so as I am a
parent I'm also being parented by God
you know I mean like so I don't actually
need to be saved
or like pulled away from my children I
need to be pulled away from myself and
so when I walk into a situation I need
to go
man it's hard it's like easy to say but
it's hard to apply I wanted to share
this with you because it's I think a lot
of people watch me and they expect me to
be like this perfect guy and when I make
a mistake I when something happens they
like go ham in the comment section but I
don't really care about that the main
viewers of this channel are Theo Uriah
denier like those are the people who are
going to watch this those are the people
I'm actually making the concert for you
know and so as they're growing up and
they come back and they stumble on this
video I hope wherever I am at that point
in their life that I'm a better version
of Who I am today and then I'm more
patient and that I can ask for
forgiveness from them because I'm still
around to do that and so you know after
we had this ordeal you know your rise
very forgiving and loving Innings you
know we're all back together but I just
like felt like I thought I don't want to
be around him but I didn't want to be
myself you know what I'm saying because
I failed
you know I told myself I wasn't gonna do
this and I did it you know and I felt
like I felt like trash you know so but I
know that there's more opportunities to
learn and grow and that not that I need
to be a perfect parent but I need to
have a gospel-centered parenting which
allows me to process things through the
grace of God you know what I'm saying
like I am a father by grace sometimes a
parent by grace and even as I'm walking
into a situation and say if he kicks
Anaya again first thing I should do is 1
remove myself because I'm always
probably gonna be too flustered but
understand that I've made mistakes
bigger than that and God he didn't react
that way to me you know I've made worse
mistakes than Mariah may ever make and
God has never treated me as bad as I
treated you Ryan in that moment
and uh this is just a dose of honesty
because I feel I get support for me to
tell you that I'm not this perfect
parent you know what I'm saying at all
the book I've been listening to is
called parenting 14 gospel principles
that can radically change their family
written by Paul's David trip I once
again want to thank audible for
sponsoring this video
audible makes getting books into your
life easier and if you can be trashed
like I'm trash I have an unbeatable
selection of audiobooks you can listen
to them like I do while I'm working or
cleaning or if you have a long commute
to work this is the audiobook while
you're on your way to work you know I
mean start a 30-day trial and get your
first audiobook free go to audible.com
slash belief and let them know who sent
you protect your life keep your network
pop in peace why would you you sure what
why this shirt right here says protect
your life did you protect your life
today
