who locked me out once their little
grubby hands start getting able to up
Thank You maneuver and do things they
start locking doors in your own house
and if that doesn't irritate you hey you
think it's a game who locked me out who
who locked the door who locked it I told
you guys already - stop locking the
doors in this house didn't I tell you
right so who did it
why are you in my room first of all are
you supposed to be in here pulling the
sheets off my bed why are you in here
who lock the door new luck that didn't
you but why I keep telling you what
happens if you get hurt and I'm outside
and I can't come in here to help you
because you lock the door but you locked
me out of the house go in your room I
keep telling you the same thing take
that knife out of here did you pick did
you clean up all the water on the floor
I don't want I don't want you hard I
have those little toys buddy okay
they're too small right but you told me
that you're cleaning out the floor buddy
but it's still water on the floor look
down buddy look down on the floor
would you say about sisters hair my hair
mommy's hair
you want to cut you hear okay you want
it all cut off like Papa's like what and
you owe me to cook you want me to cut
the sides like I do know what do you
want it you want it off right cut low
you think I'm gonna let your choices
understand here's a deal if you P no no
no he can figure out what type of
hairstyle he wants he needs to be able
to use the restroom every time he has to
go potty
listen if you if you can go the whole
day listen to Papa
listen Bible listen look at me look at
me if you can go the whole day without
painting your underwear you can get your
hair cut I'll cut your locks off and
I'll cut it down he likes being pissy
Yeah right like yeah some are white this
black look like like an iron hand Thank
You sucking off her bald spot are you
talking about the circle she has in her
head you know how you know how upset I
got the first time we cut feels hair bro
but it doesn't matter I I was so sad
when I cut his hair he looked just like
like a Gibbon
he looked like you never caught me
crying I'm sure okay I was crying what
the heck are you laughing at me fool for
being sentimental see this is why be
cautious when you become a stay-at-home
parent especially dads be cautious you
know why because you become more
sensitive and your wife makes fun of you
one time she literally said you're kind
of acting like you know they use you
imagine okay so we all know the real
reason why you wanted their hair cut
it's because of that bald spot okay
they what are you guys yes who got a
bald spot
you gotta get your hair cut girl Anaya
what you're gonna have to get your hair
cut oh why not because it's gonna grow
listen that's the same philosophy I have
about rival he's gonna grow it to the
hair and it's gonna so you mean to tell
me I got to look at a nice bald spot
because she's a girl
oh my gosh you are not putting that
thing in a snapback oh my gosh and the
boys are mine their hair is my
responsibility
correct well maybe then he should have
ice cream for breakfast right now
alright walking around wishing well
maybe he's just not peeing on himself
because if he's proud of that then
that's a real problem right if you care
so much about your appearance care about
your underwear if you can go to a whole
day without peeing on yourself I'll cut
your hair I will cut it so we can start
over
don't be right right go to the party
did you pee in your underwear why are
you laughing why are you underwear wet I
wash your hands and what happened after
that
how did you how did your underwear get
wet after you washed your hands just act
like you're warning me there's water in
your underwear you cannot put it in your
face why it's just water to make it okay
you said don't make you nervous okay
so but why is it wet what's it you said
this is water on you here the hot at
water get on here
okay can I slow your hands it's late
let me see your hands on wet yeah it was
wet did you put soap on it yeah it
doesn't smell like so okay let's go
check
wait a minute you pooped you just said
you pooped
so you pooped in the pool toilet but who
wipes your butt so you are lying Riya
aren't you you're not lying to me you
know how I feel about lying right Bo
look at my eyes do I like lying why are
you lying to me so this is not water
this is pee right so you peed on
yourself again so no you won't be
getting your hair cut go upstairs
don't put on another pair underwear
because you don't deserve another pair
anyway
