yo I'm headed to Portland Oregon from
the 14 through 17 and I have actually
I'm speaking at the home dad conference
and I need someone to come through and
take some video and photos if you're
available start off by saying I'm not a
punk okay I'm saying a crew not cleaning
out the garage and his freaking lizard
is crawling behind my washing machine
now I'm not scared but I'm concerned
what am I to do
hey ho you got to get the hell up out of
here it's in there and it's in there yo
I don't know what to do he don't know
how much how am I supposed to game up
it's not that it's Alysha it's just that
you're not supposed to be in a house I
expect to be outside I see a lizard I
leave it alone
come on my house how I'm talking about
if I can't do when I Casey I just want
to know what it is about this corner
right here that makes these freakin
animals believe that it's shelter and
say that it's food like I get it last
time it was the dog
the armor when a dog came in here
remember that do you remember that
now I got to do a little over again man
all right here we go
daggone iguana
maybe that's the tail right there let's
see here we go first attempt get its
attention
yeah that's it right there
Dago Danny bean this is what it's like
man to be a parent of dad you know you
lover your protector your provider
you're an exterminator I know some of
y'all I believe the poor lizard alone
but if he died in there he gonna stink
and I might have to move the washing
machine get his snake body a body I'm
sayin so you got to go my plan is I'm
gonna put some pressure I think what I
need is an old black to come and just
tell you I feel like a black hole black
man hey come over here throw this down
on the lizard help me you out here you
said you wanted to be a part hopeless
notice on the lizard
okay so here are my two levels of attack
my goal is to put the blower in the back
of the washer machine there force
pressure from outlets he'll come out
I can either mightyduck you know what
I'm saying vas brothers molly-whopped
him outside of the garage there or I can
trap him with the container on top there
exposing him if he jumps into open areas
and then trap him and then force him out
of the house
either way the plans to get him out of
the house these are the two methods of
attack I think I'm going to just use my
instinct and do whatever I feel is best
at the moment that's it that's what's
going on okay so my responsibility is
safely get beat and phibian outside of
said garage your responsibility is to
call the police if anything happens and
I get big or something I don't know call
police
you're single
I let that lizard just be in there you
know I'm saying but the chances that my
wife is doing laundry and it just wants
to poke his head out and just nibble on
the tongue or say hi all hell is gonna
break loose it's gonna be a wrap she's
never going to do laundry again so I
have to get rid of it
that being said I'm doing laundry until
further notice no we did not get the
lizard the lizard is still at large
but if you follow me on Instagram thank
you so much for following me there
I love the conversation that we have in
a DM and I every time you respond to my
stories I've initiated more YouTube
videos are coming I'm sorry I kind of
slacked off because of the homeschooling
thing and it's just a mess in here I
couldn't think and so yes I'm headed out
of town but more videos are coming I
have
in the holster so they come in and I'm
saying so get ready for that like you've
never pop can't nobody make it out of
Potter more funny than Baltimore to me
the horrible
