hey guys it's Judy and I am back it's
actually like 9 o'clock in the morning
I'm recording a video before I catch my
flight look at me being a productive
girl always enjoy a good opportunity to
shade the zodiac so this is gonna be a
video where we twist to belong it's not
talking a minute so I'm drinking my hot
lemon water yes we got a sip along and
we're gonna discuss the zodiacs that I
believe are the signs of the characters
of insecure mm-hmm I already mentioned
in my review of the finale that I
believe that Molly is a tourist home
somebody tweeted me that they were they
were offended because horses aren't hoes
and I don't believe Molly is a tourist
because I think she's a ho and actually
being a ho per se doesn't necessarily
have anything to do with your son side
only a ho when everybody knows and so
technically Molly isn't really a ho
she's only a ho cuz it's the TV show and
we know for the sake of it being a TV
show
we know who she's dropping it low as
friend a wife or but in the context of
the world of insecure does everybody
else know outside of like ISA and like
her line sisters does everybody else
know how promiscuous Molly is Molly's
comfort with her sexuality has a lot
more to do with the fact that she is a
resident of Los Angeles more so than her
astrological sign when you live in a
major city where casual sex and
sexuality in general aren't as
stigmatized then people just tend to be
a lot more I want to say frivolous
because I'm not going to judge it but
people tend to be a lot more free with
their choice of partners I say Molly is
the tourists more because of her work
ethic her relationship and friendship
with ISA and then how she goes about
trying to attach herself to men Tauruses
are very hard workers when it comes to
the one thing that they are passionate
about
obviously Molly is really really good at
work right I think that kind of seaweed
data does remind me like my tourist line
sister my tour
in that like trying to like you know
talk it out and understanding where
you're coming from like I give you like
a moment of understanding I don't know
that she was trying to necessarily
understand that I specifically but she
was trying to give Dada some
understanding horses are very big on
understanding Mali is it trying to
necessarily attach herself via
emotionally falling in love or opening
herself up or her vulnerability up with
men she tries to attach herself to men
in the kind of ideal of just sharing
space and time it's like a very idea
like look at what a relationship means
and I think that's not pretty touring
quality now I will say that I understand
why some people think that Mali is a
water sign because of her showing up in
Negros houses and being super emotional
like some people set up Pisces wait you
show your emotions is more to do with
your moon sign than it is to do your Sun
sign so I will say that I think Mali to
be specific is a Taurus with like a
Pisces moon I'll give it to her because
that's showing up at a Negro house is
drunk
we've already cussed out like that
double backing behavior yeah I mean
that's less a little bit water sign
level crazy they're like letting it all
hang out so she's letting it all hang
out without still being emotionally
vulnerable she's not really good she
it's just kind of like she's she's a
person who is all about ideals and more
much more of the visual representation
of a relationship versus the real kind
of deeply emotional connections so
that's why I'm going with like having
she definitely has a strong earth sign
in there and we gonna go with Pisces
moon ISA okay so ISA in real life was a
Capricorn I feel like her character that
she's playing is definitely written to
her vein but I also get why people say
that they believe she is a Scorpio the
character on the show because the qisas
character reminds me of one of my
closest friends and she definitely is a
Scorpio but I think the one thing that
rules you out from being a Scorpio is
how she handled cheating on Lawrence
with Daniel one she she cheated but she
actually enjoyed the sex even though she
regretted the
and I feel like a Scorpio who actually
enjoyed this act even if they felt bad
about the act would have handled that
situation with Lawrence finding out or
even the potential of Lawrence Lawrence
finding out there would have been much
more suave with it they would have
checked Daniel way sooner I don't think
a Scorpio would have ignored Daniels
text like that don't perceive capricorns
as being super smooth in dealing with
complicated emotional situations when
they have actually got to the point
where they are emotionally open like
truly honestly in love because they are
so business and closed off then when you
finally get them open it's like and they
get caught like they actually get caught
that one time you catch a Capricorn you
know Danny was definitely Aris fine I'm
gonna go with Aquarius or Gemini on this
one
I'm ruling out Aquarius because when he
showed up to her job would you have to
have a lot of confidence to be that
level of creep like a lot of belief and
you're right and your sense of self I'm
going with Gemini because after they had
sex even though he knew she had a
boyfriend so he should have assumed the
way that was going to play out
afterwards he still was so caught up in
his sense of self that he felt like he
had the right to show up make
publicly hot for ISA and confront her in
a public space like that's like you want
a person that how many weeks ago was
like y'all wanna be with her and then
all of a sudden you apologize you get
the and you think it's gonna be
something like what kind of manipulation
what who manipulates Gemini come on you
know that wasn't Aquarius and his
feelings was hurt he'd be at home
playing video games he's not gonna show
up and make sure hot like that Lawrence
is absolutely hands-down a water sign a
water sign is Pisces cancer or Scorpio
not a Scorpio he doesn't proceed as kind
of an emotionally insular person he also
up until he got mad just didn't seem
like that great of a bug either so you
know he wasn't it didn't look like he
was catering to like esa's sexual whim
that leaves cancer and Pisces I roll out
him being a Pisces off of the strength
of him being and always
with ISA because Pisces tend to be very
into the feminine form Pisces men
appreciate the womanly figure and not to
say that he said doesn't have a womanly
figure but I don't think she has a very
feminine aura or demeanor about her and
Pisces tend to either be with very
classically beautiful women or women who
really embody kind of a femininity about
themselves or a sense of like woman√≠s
about themselves
mahogany curls is a Virgo but her
husband's a Pisces and I think she's
classically beautiful and that kind of
very like feminine soft I say this is my
mother is obsessed with mahogany curls
and I believe it's because her two
daughters are not necessarily soft like
feminine tight I mean I'm a woman don't
get me wrong but I don't have a super
feminine aura about me not that ease of
character would be like super
classically feminine but there would be
kind of a stronger comfort with her
womanhood and how she carries you know
just like a representation of woman
women like a Pisces would be with like a
Solange type this kind of very comfort
and centeredness in your body and how
you perceive your feminine form and
exuding that I don't feel like Isla Cana
she's a little awkward so that leaves
cancer which I definitely think fits the
RB nigga tight the turn up the that also
means that he is not going to get over
the heartbreak or be very forgiving
easily at all that does not bode well
for them getting back together cancer
man it's great before he fall in love
you gotta be the one the cancer man fall
in love with because once he fall in
love and get his feelings hurt he don't
know how to trust nobody else after like
he'd be having like they just out girl
and if you go to their and compatibility
of those childhood cancers and
capricorns are very compatible in a sort
of symbiotic way kind of but they're
like thinking in the game they're exact
opposites
sirs don't necessarily know how to
acknowledge their role in situations
going down they can get very fatalistic
when they get their feelings hurt
am I missing anybody I don't know enough
about chariot to guess his sign um he
could be anything I mean I guess I would
say he's not a water sign because he
wasn't super hurt by
mildly kind of like you know he went
back for it and then you know maybe that
would rule out him being a earthside
maybe he's a probably a fire sign I
could see him being like a doofy ass
Aries Aries man you got all my areas but
Aries man just beam we all got this like
weird childish quality about us that's
everybody I think
Oh Tasha I also don't know enough about
Tasha to like guys if I'm gonna make a
broad guess I would say Tasha's on
Aquarius because she reminds me of an
Aquarian Houma girl that I have and
they're like super friendly that's super
nice know how to speak to you make you
feel real good don't mean none of it in
the long run though because of her and
Laurens end up in a relationship
together
oh she's quickly gonna be over it like
with the quickness like you win by I
mean over a lobster I mean she's not
really that hood Hey how do you feel
about my astrological approximations do
you agree feel free to chime in in the
comments down below and let me know what
your guests donations are and thanks for
watching
