oh it has been so long we are in a new
new setting a new set of our house is
gonna work well I might actually have to
put these pictures lower because you
can't even see him in the background
well we are finally back with another
getting ready with me I have moved if
you a real one and you follow me on
Instagram snapchat or Twitter you
already know that I moved to Charlotte
North Carolina so we won't talk about in
this video we won't be into it you don't
put a weight on our heads now as I said
I just moved I'm still unpacking I don't
know where my mirror is so I'm gonna
have to use my little hand mirrors it
might be a little weird
matter of fact who see my Sephora Pro
palette - there's anyone in here I'd be
influenced off of things I'd be seeing
upon the gram - and so I got some Bohol
a school so I'm gonna try that out this
time finally got my glue lens back so
girl huh that wide-angle lens is so
noisy
you won't watch me lay my lace i'ma try
you know Malema lace and my wig is over
there I don't even have a wig so yeah
I've been watching these YouTube
tutorials I'm trying to be like these
girls I'd be making they wigs look good
I'm trying to be something like them
even though I can't find all my hair
products I really do be buying stuff up
Instagram so Sokka the boho lace I also
got this the blessed hands I've seen
this girl she was on beauty and braids
page I thought they'd be paying for the
advertisements or whatever but I got her
superior edges and her styling though
try and see if I can slow down the
Diamonds is to baby hair because this
 I really did do something this we
dis Wow my head to join the baby
hair brigade oh but these are usually my
problem areas when trying to do the bald
cap messy because I have a lot of
forehead but I have a long forehead and
this side is actually pretty close to my
eyebrows so much so that I don't really
want to put the wig too far past because
in a site you don't want the lace
touching your eyebrow this is not cute
girl I mean if that's not before have
you got at least touch your forehead and
you okay with that aesthetic
no shade to you I'm not judging but on
me I'm judging I wonder if this is just
beeswax like what is in it should I
can't pronounce yeah this beeswax again
it's alright I'm about to spray all this
gel on my hair anyway so alright so I
moved from Dallas Texas to Charlotte
North Carolina now once my apartment
gets set up I definitely definitely will
have a ton of video a half a video
explaining my final thoughts on Dallas
I might actually rerecord it but I have
something I just haven't edited it but I
have to see what it's looking like cuz I
did it while I was on the road and so it
might look a little janky err than I
care for I have put this what is this
slick stick was supposed to hold you and
it's just don't dude that's it it's just
olive oil other stuff I put this all on
my edges already it's like man bag just
get this all in here because I don't
want none of my real hair in the way
shut about where did I put my stuffing
apps I've moved into a two-bedroom
apartment so I'm like using this
bedroom as a studio and I'm trying to be
more organized and I don't really have
organized going to my body my mind is in
shambles down okay now the ear type
things is where I always get messed up
and that this is always what comes off
first I don't really understand what
people were trying to guess where I was
moving to why so many people thought
that I was moving or staying in Texas
you always guess always assume it's LA
because I do YouTube full-time and I'm
just saying yeah I'm going to go and
blow dry this off camera and then come
back and cut it cuz I don't want to look
like a condo while I talk
I hope it's hard now I think this is
where I typically mess up because it
rolls back but it's like so sticky to my
head and it's hard I think the thing is
the common thing is to think that
youtubers are gonna move to LA I really
have next to no interest in moving to
Los Angeles because I feel like so many
people who aren't from LA and then moved
to LA as youtubers end up losing
themselves everybody changes never for
the better you know I'm a person that's
thinking about going back to school for
my PhD what does LA have to offer oh
okay
I got the cap on but the grace of water
then keep in mind I mean I really gotta
finish unpacking because I'm missing
Foundation and I'm really about to put
my expensive s geo where we're gonna put
some foundation on I only have my
expensive foundations to be honest it's
kind of annoying zai threw out a lot of
the stuff that I wasn't using anymore
hopefully this doesn't lift up oh that's
definitely let me get darker than me
though I probably should just stuff this
one bag on powder I messed up it lifts
every part of the process this sucker
lifts and it's so annoying I ready to go
with some of the lighter Dior looks
quite a foundation a little tense
because not cheap you see that right
there you see how it's engine the whole
thing is coming back this is amazing I
can't get this right probably was doing
it to have a look too harsh Wow I keep
getting up and down and up and down
again and up and down it's getting a
little annoying
okay so I'm in complete shambles because
well my house is in shambles and I don't
really do good energy wise when light my
apartment isn't fill out the home yet
because I'm unpacking it doesn't smell
like me yet but I want to slow down
because I have a new wig that I made
from wig hair forever and I'm in love
with it if you follow me on Instagram
snapchat or Twitter you've seen this
look
oh no that's wet and that might fly back
this cat more I might have to apply a
cap a third time because you see how
it's sliding all the way back right here
it was a little peak a minute ago and
now it's like all the way back and it's
like this just stay the F place okay but
I thought was saying about la it makes
sense that so many youtubers do move
there because it's the entertainment
industry there's more opportunity
especially if you are in beauty or
comedy or one of the kind of mainstay
silos that does really well here on
YouTube I'm in neither and talk about
history and culture and politics and so
moving to LA just doesn't make a whole
lot of sense or doing what I do know I
don't want to move back to New York
because I don't ever want to sacrifice
that much in order to make someplace
that I live be successful and I in my
heart of hearts feel like you're
probably one of the best places I lived
but also yeah this cap is coming all the
way back I'm gonna have to put another
one on
I made the cap a little tight
I made the wig a little tight so you see
some of my hairline is just naturally
gonna peak out which is fine because it
matches the color of this wig so this go
around are fine I try to do the plucking
thing I don't know if you can see I
think I might have over plucked it a
little bit but this is this is how I
look on a video with the other girls but
once I style it I'll get into the
details cuz you'll see how I did a
little differently than I normally did
but I will have to redo this whole cap I
guess now normally I don't do the
balding lace method it's just a lot of
work and I have
been good lately all right this is what
we're going with we're gonna see if we
do how good we can get it down how good
can we do it but this cat is I'm not
able to salvage it all right I saw which
as much of it as I can we got to move
fast because my bowling caps just love
to slide back and maybe this glue will
help them stay on so me moving to
Charlotte I know I feel like people
people have questions and that's
understandable I don't particularly need
to live anywhere in the world I work for
myself one I do YouTube full-time I feel
like being in LA or New York people just
take advantage of you people expect
certain things in you and I was not
interested probably should have put the
wig on my head first but here we go
spread it out with an old piece of robot
comb I don't need to go where everyone
else goes I've never been that person
and you know I don't really have to say
I have family that lives in one area but
economically they're in no way in hell I
would ever move to Central Florida I did
this in pieces that would have been
smart but we're not on our best today
clearly all this don't used to get try
oh yeah was my cat just right back again
right so this hair is from beauty hair
forever
it looks like mess right now we are
gonna clean it up as we talk through
this it's been a struggle I was trying
to slay
I just don't think maybe I'm built for
the leaf's leg but that's not why y'all
here anyway thank God just ain't really
my ministry yeah ma this is so
frustrating I mean this wig ain't going
away just a little bit right here I
could just glue down right here and be
fine my forehead is tight as hell right
now I wanted to move someplace that had
more of a black culture than Dallas does
never had and I said this isn't Louie do
does never had a time civil rights
movement and so it was kind like the
first day I ever lived in where
really felt like forever l felt the
lightness it's also one of Donald
Trump's favorite cities he's always
doing events there it's a little bit
more than one layer whatever we don't
know who reads instructions did it come
with instructions maybe they're on the
website oh here they go I'm going to
clean up some of this mess tie this up
and then come back and do my makeup
which is much easier to talk and then
explain what this hairs on my head and
get into it really need a whole lot of
reasons to be honest I love where I
wanted to live you know Co me I like it
I like where I live I love my apartment
just doesn't feel like home right now
because I'm not unpacked yet but this is
beauty hair forever it is the same
texture of hair as my short way that I
haven't rocking for the past what is it
now two months and I love this it is let
me look up the actual links because I
showed the links on in Reverse where you
usually do the longest length first I
did the shortest length first so it's a
16 inch frontal it's a brazilian deep
way there with the 20 18 and 16 inch
length I actually think they sent me
four bundles oh and I think the shortest
one I got was 14 I'm gonna say that
because I have also have some short hair
left from when I made the short leg cuz
I like short ways even if aesthetically
people aren't interested in buying short
bundles I think they do really well and
you just need two bundles in a frontal
anyway to make a wig so I saw the 16
inch on first then 18 and 20 and and a
16 inch frontal and I haven't cut the
hair at all and it's a look sis it's
giving me Chaka Khan tease I actually
prefer to brush it out but the curls are
really nice too so I'm gonna wet it down
and comb it out wet so you can see the
defined curls and then and once I finish
my look maybe I will decide to brush it
out because I love big hair and so
that's what I'm a fan of alright so
there really isn't a whole lot of reason
to why I moved to Charlotte I'm at a
point in my form is going to live life
how I like
in a lot of what I do isn't going to
make sense to people you know it's kind
of interesting the more my brand grows I
guess you can say the more successful I
become the more you realize that people
will know the negativity always kind of
comes to the top first and that's what's
hard like I'm into Facebook groups and
sometimes I see my videos posted
I see people talking about me negatively
and it's like wow I feel like I don't
come from a family that lives in one
central location my mother is in Florida
my dad's in Delaware my sisters in
Georgia I know a lot of natural hair
youtubers moved to Atlanta I don't do
natural hair content anymore so the
point was also I had like a precarious
lationship with my sister who is very
religious and you know I just think it's
better I don't know if us living in the
same city will really allow our
relationship I'm kind of scared of where
our relationship would go if we lived in
the same place and see and so Charlotte
was good because I like the city I like
the blackness of the city when I came
here I like the the scene when I came
here like I needed enough to go on you
know I'm a critic I'm a cynic and so I
look he do hate everywhere but I wanted
to live something that had it was a
major hub so the airport will be easy to
get in and out of otherwise my Bahamas
just went to New Orleans and call it a
damn day but aside from the airport
I like that Charlotte has a proximity to
where all my family is so I said my mom
is in Florida my sisters in Atlanta
Alana's four hours away from here you
know when my mom I'm back on the same
coast as the rest of my family I'm back
on the same coast as a majority of my
friends a lot of New Yorkers live here
in Charlotte um not strictly New Yorkers
 some people that I do know actually
live here high school friends live here
I think I probably knew less people when
I moved to Dallas I actually know people
here I just don't currently have a car
and and I'm gonna have to get one I plan
on getting one the thing is like I moved
from downtown Dallas and living downtown
I actually had like a good access to the
public transit that did exist in Dallas
and that the light rail actually got me
places because of where I live and it
was easy to get to so I don't live in
whoa downtown Charlotte everyone lives
uptown I won't live uptown so the light
rail and the little tram system they got
only ain't nowhere like it's two miles
so I did essentially buy my bike to get
to it so I'm gonna need to get a car
because most things here are out in the
suburbs and that's fine or whatever
now with my shirt a wig I was showing it
and loosing it to get that slick look I
haven't done that to this yeah the
shorter wake feels slightly curlier than
this and I think just because I have
less weight weighing it down
but once this dries it'll be more this
so let's get into a look oh I haven't
got my eyebrows on in so longer it's a
mess vaguely remember how I felt after I
moved my stuff from mmm DC to Houston
but I think this is probably the most
grown move I ever did because I had
movers I'm not economically hurt in
doing this move I could absolutely
afford to do it I'm just at a different
place in my life I guess and so it feels
very different than anything else is
done that this is not doesn't feel like
a familiar experience and I'm a person
who does move relatively often alright
what I do need to find while I'm in
Charlotte well I need to find a good I
brought that in lady cuz sis it's been a
month I'm not really into Church but
it's the south mmm you know I did find a
good church I like while in Houston I
love Pope City if I can find some some
little hope city I'd be in there like
swimwear or I like Enoch Sean ham
Pennsylvania Philly Philly I did like
Enoch
was the church to go to but other than
that I've never really enjoyed never
enjoyed Church but I'm not a fan of like
churches I think it's easier to say what
I like I like an intellectual sense I
think someone who's not just talking to
women about finding a husband or that's
just responding scriptures that all tell
us to have faith not this trying to
upsell me through religion on capitalism
I don't need that don't want to go to a
church to ask for tie than 450 550
million times I don't like many churches
so uh yeah if you have some
recommendations leave them down below
it's kind of hard to do my brows because
they're so thick right now um you know
my hopes for living in Charlotte is that
I can engage myself a little bit more
than I did
Dallas I do plan on getting a car will
change the shape of things I do plan on
getting financed with my sorority again
I've been working on this critters for
Change project which I keep mentioning
it's not coming out until November now
but I am excited for it this is not the
primer I would I wouldn't like this
little sample prep when I got I think
all-time have to go back and get this
lorac um you know I'm a person who
travels a lot and so we'll see how it
goes I have close to proximity to the
people who are already to my community
both up and depth all up and down the
East Coast so that would be good well
I'm here I was talking on my kids for
change project yeah so that video which
I've been talking about because it has
you know you get opportunities and it
causes you to shift away from the things
that got you to these opportunities as I
have I've had to slow down on my content
because that project was a lot of work
and I have a final video and I'm very
very very very very very happy with it
Liger I was so proud of what we did but
it's also like reminding me that that I
was able to do take this great money
and amplify the voices of the people
doing the work on the ground because as
much as it's cool for me to be
successful it's like you know I talk a
lot about political activism and I don't
want to be a performative black person
at all I want to be able to my success
to also mean that I am pulling others up
with me who are doing the hard work
we're gonna look at this lace right
quick
we might FSS up in the game oh it's a
mess yeah that would definitely be a
mess I made I thought I brush all the
hair with my skin still Tech it's so
here's how the girls do they beam on
YouTube just like I'll just brush the
hairs back and apply it and then they
make it look so smooth and clean and I'm
like I gotta sign it y'all lying and
y'all know y'all must be doing something
off-camera and not letting us see I
meant to put you know I also meant sup
clip foundation on the other side of my
leaves so I've been in Charlotte for
like two weeks I did go on some Tundra
dates cuz girl Ida had nothing in this
apartment and I was here for a whole
week and I was like my apartment was
empty I had two suitcases in the air
waiting for my stuff to get here because
I moved here the Monday after the
weekend that Florence was the head the
area I'm in wasn't really impacted by
Florence at all but I used the moving
company to drive my stuff from Dallas
out here and because of all the
forecasts they would have had they would
have driven the started driving out on
Thursday they halted all deliveries to
this area because all the forecasts were
saying it was going to be really really
really really bad and it's fine you know
I wasn't upset at that about that I
would rather you err on the side of
caution you can see all my legs sitting
right on top of my hair damn you know
what I need the promise I can't find my
wooden brush
I don't have my wire my rat tail with
the why a tail comb that would help a
lot and I made a wig a little too
perfect to my head size but we're gonna
make this work all right go in with
number 4 - 1 D or whatever F we just put
it on my face when I my stuff got
delivered on Tuesday I had a flight and
I was running super late
I was about to miss my whole flight so I
got to the airport
CLT my flight was boarding at 12:40 and
I got some it you put in 12 like 20
firstly I want to check her no bags or
whatever but um two people I think
recognize me what is kind of smiled and
like said hey girl hey and kept it
moving the other girl like stopped and I
think she's giving everything oh my gosh
but I was gonna so wet I can't walk in
and I feel really movie bad because I
feel like if someone's excited to see me
they deserve my time there is nothing
wrong with y'all rolling up on me and
saying hello is something wrong being
roll up to the airport so late trying to
make my flight so I felt really bad I
have no clue the young lady was I
apologize I apologize
mmm I went to New Orleans for Beyonce's
concert and I don't know why like what
was happening but so many people stopped
me in New Orleans oh thing am i that
popular New Orleans where there just may
be that there's like black tourism like
girls trip I keep saying girls trip
really helped essence faster to one's
overall so I won two in a woman we're
trying to slay the slays just going all
the wrong ways today the slay of looking
like an a oh I was saying because my
apartment was empty and I had nothing
but a air mattress in here I went on
some dates cuz I was going for crazy so
I got my happy behind on tinder and I
went on about it went off you and well
two of them where whoa arrow the hotep
jumped out and I just I forgot you know
I'm back on the East Coast we are in the
hotel didn't exist first of all I never
really entertain dating that might in
Dallas but like I do feel like there's
thing about being back on the East Coast
and I think both of the men that were
hotel were from the Northeast like the
DC Philly area which definitely
definitely sees a larger hopes have
crowd I mean you have more proximity to
the same people that sort of preach this
sort of aren't right movement and what I
don't really understand is if you
believe that single black women are the
downfall to the black family why the
hell you try to date us if you listen
you talk about the moan you can report
and try to school me on Democrats and
like welfare why are you bothering like
the first guy was full on so I don't
really like new people about being a
youtuber anymore and it's a tricky
tricky balance right so the first guy
end up showing my YouTube channel to
which I typically never do and I don't
know why I did it this time but whatever
I showed my youtube channel and he says
I teach history - and I'm just like
Brian said you owned a trucking company
how the hell do you teach history but
I'm writing like don't be judgmental you
know don't be dumb I was like okay so
how do you how do you teach it you like
by informing people and something like
okay how do I put like the ass how do
you as a truck driver how the hell are
you teaching history I'm a well I won't
say I see just you guys can discuss
things from a political history
standpoint I don't believe that I'm a
teacher but it's like you know you could
always kind of take a take a stab at me
about length well Who am I to do what I
do like what credentials do I have I
came up with oh whoa oh so you watched
it in colors and he's like y'all for I
don't know
oh no and so I tell them he's like oh
wait you have an issue with it on my boy
yeah you know the first mention of black
women in hidden colors one is that we
only
a black man will be laying on our back
black women are trained to have a type
of gaze at white men as if we admire
white men more than we admire black
women black men or that signal black
mothers are the reason for the uptick in
gay black men and I'm just like you know
you might not even realize how like
rhetoric like that is violent its
perpetuates violence towards black women
in the clear clear community that's like
that's what a pathology and the very
dangerous impact on our community I had
I saw I was explaining to him like how
that violence can work and I made some
reference to pregnant women and he says
well do you believe that women get
pregnant from God or from Santa by God
or by science and I'm like well it's
it's science its Sciences how now if you
believe that science is from God
yeah sure but it is a sign there's a
science to how women get pregnant and he
was like not as a guy but he only plank
girl I can't even repeat the
conversation because it was so wonky he
wanted them like you know that nigga
that be sending out with the purple of
gold talking about we all Hebrew he like
one of them and I was like oh no I can't
do this and I meant to pay for my own
food and drink because I was like
alright well this is not gonna go
nowhere so I'm not wrong but he was so
he was courteous like I didn't feel
uncomfortable and I almost would have
like kept up with him if he was a little
bit more cognizant incoherent like there
was no chance I would ever date but you
know I might have like entertain more
conversations with him if he wasn't so
like far off the deep end
he wasn't even making no sense it was
very it was a very frustrating
conversation and I was trying to stay
level-headed and so I you know we ended
the day and other day it was cool the
dude was just boring but you know he
cool people is he nice he just doesn't
have no real swag I met up with another
negative who like sent me a message and
I go let's go let's go to the youth book
store to pick out books together and I'm
like oh that's corny as hell but yeah
why are you gonna do
Oh good ones have a powder Wow oh well
okay we're just going for the full mess
today so I meet up with him first of all
you don't look like his picture like he
look like his pictures but yo or as much
as mine comes later but let me use a
snapchat filters negros really be out
here using a high school pictures
college pictures and you in your 40s you
had been in college in 15 years angle
pictures make you look taller than what
you really is my dues really don't be
like niggas niggas be catfishing on them
they didn't really do be catfishing on
the low I meet up with him and he's he's
short and he's just not attractive like
I don't find him attractive and so I'm
already kind of like and so he's like
okay well what he he owns he talks about
like he flips houses or whatever it
exactly what I do not become by YouTube
he goes like oh god so what do you talk
about and I was like wow have you had a
negative experience with youtubers I
mean I guess right a point where like
men in my age group are encountering
women who are like influencers and stuff
and so I did all that skin and now let's
actually do something dry so I kind of
want to do a more dramatic look oh so
since I trace my family history and it
turns out that I have Nigerian family
from Calabar we're gonna do the Calabar
cover color from this she gives kid even
though ancestry I did in my DNA
well did everyone's DNA everyone who was
like having percentages of Nigerian it's
like 1% I mean I don't expect my
modern-day DNA to match with modern-day
Africans accurately anyway I don't
really think it showed that accurate
portrait of where your family might have
said from you know 100 200 300 years ago
that's my next video about Africans
selling us into slavery there we're
gonna have that difficult conversation
yes slavery didn't happen in a vacuum
and slavery negatively impacted the
people that were not enslaved so the
communities in Africa that we might have
been taken for
have largely transverse but a though my
dad's DNA matched a Nigerian family who
is a co e from cross river and they are
from an area close to Calabar which was
a major slave port if I am not mistaken
they're gonna meet up probably next
month I forgot to hit the guy up when I
was in Philly because he lives in the
Philadelphia area but I don't know why
his darkest color oh my but I did
oh but the second guy so back to this
hope the whole set date so I'm talking
about was a YouTube where he was like oh
what do you talk about I'm like pop
culture from a political history lens
and usually culture at large he's like
oh that means you're a hard left when it
comes to politics and I just thought
that was a weird question like so that
means you're a hard less and I'm like I
don't really know that like what you're
implying
yeah I guess you could say I lead more
towards being like a socialist and he is
like oh so do you ever like listen to
the other side like listen to ben
shapiro now Ben Shapiro I believe he had
like Tito's YouTube videos - he's like a
radio show he's a conservative and he's
like a person that would have like
Candace Owens on her his show and like
he doesn't necessarily agree with campus
Owens what he does reason with her and I
just not I'm not a fan I don't really
and like my response to him was like I
don't really go out of my way to upset
myself every day like I think there's
enough politically happening that I
could find out about without trying to
you know go out of my way to upset - but
I'm aware of who these people are like
you know I'm aware yeah just like makes
a comment about he listens to stuff like
that because he does think that they
have points and that and then a
two-party system is a necessity because
we need both sides to have checks and
balances to create an equal society and
that without it we don't we will have an
equal society and so I'm trying to
calculate cuz I'm like these niggas a
black person that we've ever lived in an
equal society here with the two prices
that we've had for I mean how long I
don't even remember where the
conversation kind of
like how we went got from one point to
the other and the conversation this is a
really pretty fellow but typically I
think people that are black blue truly
who are inclined to listen and agree
with any facet of like a bunch of hero
you know cuz I make the point I was like
you know why would I listen to someone
who pulled that all lives matter
like held up yeah I do believe that men
who typically listen to like ben shapiro
and agree with or find any sort of
person like that to have equitable
points and be someone that they would
support with illicit also has very bad
politics when it comes to feminism
you can't asking me like political
questions and he kept like the laughing
and like cackling as he was asking them
and i'm just like i don't understand
what's happening here i don't really
understand what's going on maybe we
should talk about something different
but i seems like interview questions and
then he was like you know you're
responding to me like you have a camera
in front of you and i'm like no i talk
like this all the time since i talk and
like you're asking me questions that all
have implications because they're all
political question so like i'm a person
about my integrity so i don't know how
i'll sue me to answer you other than the
way i'm answering
i don't get what the issue is but it's
waiting to him you know leg you know you
ask these political questions i'm
thinking i just you know don't i met up
with someone who like was asking some
other questions and because they had
like some point they were trying to make
about their own politics that i
absolutely don't agree with so you know
I only steal time and you believe that
single black women are the downfall of
black family and he was like well you
know the Democrats haven't done much for
black people either and I'm like I
wasn't I wasn't making the point that
they were we understand that if I were
to date white men I like how ridiculous
would be for me to deal with a white man
who says that black lives don't matter
because black people kill each other so
why don't we understand how crazy it is
for me to entertain a black man who
thinks that single black woman which
item one are the downfall of the black
family why would I do that well do you
order today someone who agrees with you
but I just explained to you why would I
agree with why would I date someone who
has personal beliefs that are harmful
tonight well be why is that even like
something you don't understand I just
don't I'll be getting how these do be
angry sounds like you know maybe maybe
this isn't gonna work
maybe I should just leave me be and like
sighing fine I scoot over to get my feel
like this is all like a 15-minute
conversation I think the whole the whole
interaction lasted for maybe 30 minutes
so like maybe fifty fifteen minutes in I
stoop to get up and I'm like yeah you
know I just don't think this is gonna
work he said no well maybe we should get
you some fluid as I'm drinking like like
let's sit down and keep talking and I'm
like I don't know why I even stayed I
didn't want him to buy me any food and
drink though cuz I was like I'm not
gonna we cannot finish each other again
but you know as much as I would love to
be like a total bitch to be like numb
then have a good day you still try to
like and then a good note why I don't
know why that's like my natural
inclination 7 a couple minutes and like
you know ice my hands like out if you
agree with people like time ignition or
and what I'm saying I'm not going to
deal with you like he's like well do you
realize how I get people that believe in
the police push or by TD jakes and I'm
like you know I'm personally not a fan
of TD jakes
but I understand how Christianity has in
religion at large has helped oppressed
people you know survive and have faith
works to give hope to an oppressed
people and so as much as we can claim
that Christianity has is the tool that
was used to enslave black folks we also
have to acknowledge the sort of
liberation and police of survival that
Christianity has also given them black
people and they taking it on as their
own and created their own churches and
so I don't personally believe that
teenage my agent with TD jakes aren't
that his messages are harmful to my
livelihood or other parts of my
community's livelihood and it's the ever
if I ever felt like he crossed that line
then yes I would absolutely really this
was that hard but my issues are more
about like how religion is used to
promote capitalism than anything and
he's just not my cup of tea like but I
get why people like like them I don't
really think you saying a whole lot it's
not for me no I'm not gonna go around
educating that people not follow him or
listen to them at all because he's not
preaching messages that are harmful to
the livelihoods of members of the black
community I was so I respect how people
find their joy in him and you know
whatever and at that point he was like
alright I'm gonna finish my beer and you
can have a good day I think he's one of
the end of date which was fine I know I
didn't have a lot of to say about why I
moved here because for me because uh how
I live my life I just don't need a whole
lot of reason to get up and move
anywhere like me wanting to is enough
reason so I know people who like a list
out why are you living in the south but
you know I'm living here not you Bobby I
and we will avoid the hotep men we're
gonna put a latch on because y'all been
doing this summer I feel like this has
been a very productive summer I'm hoping
to get this podcast out this year I've
been talking with Elise about producing
pops Marc as a podcast because that
absolutely needs to come back but it is
incredibly difficult for me to give
they're done as a video with everything
else I have going on because the videos
take a lot of time to produce um aside
from get ready with my get ready with
means I don't do any videos off the top
of my head and especially when I'm
talking about heavier topics you can do
like this community thing I don't know
if you're aware but there is now a
community page on every YouTube channel
where like I don't have to silly post
you can comment on like posts that I do
I guess it's like a timeline feed I
don't know how well these type of sort
of posts show up on your home page but I
did put a post asking for more topic
suggestions and I think I got a good
range of suggestions to work with and so
I'm just looking forward to putting out
better content
now that I once I fully unpack because
these lazy get ready with me is that
I've been doing not I tell you this one
I mean this one is just a mess and I try
what says I tried even put up the
artwork for y'all even though you can't
really see it but I tried to get it
together
it's just I'm a mess and it's shining
through on its own okay what can I
literally put on with this I don't know
how about my eye look it's a little
messy to be honest I should clean up
this brush this is always the color that
I only ever use as like a highly listen
toilet because it like looks weird on
the in on the inside of my left it looks
good but as soon as I started talking
it's a mess
alright so we're gonna go once with
Black Radiance five four zero eight
all right let's brace ourselves for what
this hair is doing I'm a nervous wreck
about the hair I know a lot of youtubers
use a filter on top of a video so I'm
not gonna stress myself out too much
about the visibility of this place it
looks a little crazy it does I can't
keep stressing it I'm gonna clean it up
and come back but I switch mirrors this
is too heavy in my hand this is what I'm
saying when you plug it right and you
sit it out you really need the hair to
like go in the right direction for it to
really where is that lace or did I just
get a whole lot of glue on the top of my
ear like some wrenches or I do like that
you know a lot of times of you order
with small companies that shipping takes
a little bit longer but you know I
ordered that bolt hold on like a
Wednesday and got it by Friday maybe I
wouldn't know I ordered it before I left
that word on Tuesday and it was in the
mail by
time I came home it's not too bad I mean
the label is often color girl it's off
but this hair is gorgeous and I really
love the shape of it because I haven't
had to cut it at all
matter of fact let me blow it out a
little bit and come back with the final
look I don't know what I did to get this
glue situation to look so bad but the
hair I love this is going to be the
final look look the Internet's been
boring and should well intern has been
boring and stressful for the last week
so I'm just going to go like this and
y'all have a reason to talk about
me cuz girl it's a mess
give y'all something entertain y'all
with I tried but I think you definitely
need a balding cat with this and it
needs to cover all your hair I think I
might have thinned the lace out a little
too much and I should have put my color
foundation on the bottom of the lace
because it's just a little like one my
whole hair line is tacky
everything is tacky still not dry all
the way and it's just to the scalp looks
so much lighter than me I just don't
know how to say mmm I don't know how
they're getting on camera I think I look
a whole mess but I love the hair and I
love the shape that it gave them and I
didn't have to cut it at all like it's
not shaped to my face and all this is
just how the hair felt this is what I
had 1/8 with the shorter wind I wanted a
shorter wink that kind of did this shape
so I got the shape that I want it
finally all the details I'll even put
all the makeup down below in the comment
section it might take a little bit in
the description box on the comment
section all the details of you down
below in the description box I put all
the makeup that I have on down below in
the description box
grab my take me maybe the video go up
before I get it all update but at some
point it'll be a diggity thanks for
watching this is still a mess to get
right with me but the next one because I
into it another one so I finish
unpacking that one won't be late and I'm
gonna try and be more like peak Villa
next one and curl this because I think
this would have hair with with some big
curls
hey dude it alright
toss you later does it is
