hey guys really I'm entirely hey we're
gonna do a really quick
ratchet review of insecure I'm outside
and I never record videos outside
because the wind and the moisture stuff
and I don't have my mic with me so the
audience might be but that an
interesting into the street as I watched
it and it's 5:13 afternoon here we find
even when I'm back on the East Coast
pounding there do I find my work so I
got a little bit okay I appreciate that
insecurity showing us imperfect black
women I have said this before that I'm
saying it again resolved because I said
s out of them and it doesn't mean that I
don't appreciate all right I'm doing the
show but my leaves feeling like this
fuck
Miley is a horrible person she's just
like look first things first I could
tell us how episode that someone's on
his mind but he was heavy got a little
bit of text he felt that was an
ambiguous as how to deduce all that
movie ambiguities like okay we have to
remember this dude was unemployed for
five five five years then he gets a job
offer and he actually killed the
interview that wasn't really good scene
and something about this his first
thought is to not take the offer and
work on that that he's working on for
five years and it's gone nowhere like
that's just doesn't mean no kind of like
huh
like if anything you take the job you
figure out how our organization and the
operations and our business I run even
if you are ahead of them creatively you
couldn't run ahead of them operations
wise get your connections up and we're
going to each other side if you build a
foundation you don't set get the
interview and then feel it on this
smartass rather than them and I like it
clearly wasn't working through in a big
we're gonna have Best Buy if yo shit
with like come on come on sir I
appreciate the shape up but you still
could we have things to work out as well
can we get Miley some like new inks
because like girl they look overall
the wigs just like why is your Bang
started like right heat like what's why
is it like I'm getting out and giving
instruction at least you don't have to
say about where G is a great great great
actress because she is nothing like the
character she portrays on the show who
their rant about justification that used
to Goo's well they're setting up the
event had me on the floor because it's
such a real feeling that allowed us go
into one white people discover the
dope-ass black neighborhoods and that we
will lose the we will lose our listeners
as they judge by my neighborhood and
raise the price that right if I mature
I see Mellon list pause on my
neighborhood saying you're expensive
that neighborhoods over there mommy
oh fuck how many times you say I can see
my Lee like I really really really I
just I'm done I'm over her she's just
whack I appreciate what she's shelling
because when somebody is that whack it
is always an opportunity to see of a
reflection of yourself and remind
yourself that you not about that that
that's like look when she runs to her
homegirl crystal on a thing and crystals
like yam cina therapists are
self-centered and then she goes back
becomes ISA and she's just you know
misery loves company
but she's just overly judgmental like
it's 2016 do over 30 career minded women
really believe that therapy is like
something to be frowned upon but she's
not sharing shit you wanna pitch that
rolled up to a negro house you're wrong
this you already curved hard after you
broke up with a dude or cut off with
ruin
the night before like like you can
utilize knocking on your door again
can't even get your words straight you
don't want settling for less you don't
want to so don't know what they want you
don't want it messy and nasty and
thoughtful and got the nerve to judge
somebody else by E truth we saw both
Issa and - indian therapist if somali
one is a detective a therapist Daniel
they all have inflated sensitive subtle
none of them are acknowledging the
wrongdoing there need to be better
people more as probably as the closest
to it but even you know I am NOT gonna
criticize them because all we saw is his
initial reaction to finding out that
Issa cheated on him I definitely think
there is room for them to get back
together I do I personally believe that
either deserves more this is a TV show
right and so the setup is that we are
seeing the tail end of him being
unemployed for five years there wasn't
this build-up to him a seeing the
unemployment over the five years are
seeing he's the plenty of the
relationship maintaining the
relationship being the financial backer
of the relationship over the five years
we didn't have this build up to where we
could feel these as eggs and being in a
relationship with somebody who has not
worked for five years always saw is like
a day and miss that me and him
immediately correcting his behavior even
though it was an immediate it was five
years in the meat game then we see Issa
immediately mess up so they
kind of student Lawrence's favor but I
definitely feel like this is something
that they can get over and they can get
back together so I don't feel
comfortable saying that you said doesn't
deserve Lawrence but I do understand why
people feel that way daniel has oh I
first of all you just think do that lady
style in the car that she was looking at
live Lawrence talk about a king at the
time he's not trying Lee you played her
you were predatory and how you went
after her you didn't listen to her and
it kind of low-key was a resident it was
brave at all because it was consensual
sex with me two grown-ass coherent adult
however for him to act like he has ISA
oath of anything like why are you in
your feelings why are you her why are
you showing up and making it hot I felt
like that whole scene was just where
they were talking to each other
it was so obvious I set up in front of
this big window that has a balcony
Ironton Lawrence is downstairs watching
the whole exchange from above personally
with me I would walk him into the
bathroom on what them in some places way
more discreet walked into folks the
party I would not have had that I would
check my surroundings made sure nobody
was looking like at the end where ISA is
talking to mommy I don't feel like she's
wrong in what she said to mommy
but she's wrong her delivery she was
wrong in this the settings she was wrong
and when they had that conversation I
mean Molly's Walter being that hurt that
her credit even said she was he a
therapist mileage is dumb
yeah I mean like we're already there
with my feet but II still should even no
matter how wrong your friend in you
don't do it in that setting or setup you
have you're actually right you don't
attack your friend like that
they're tough announcer in a wrap this
up the only other thing I have to say is
les heen with Jerry and Molly Jer did
the right thing
like really Marlene thought that she
doesn't have it right words to say she
don't know if she went so she's never
gonna have the right where they say
there is nothing right for Molly to say
to Jerry because mommy doesn't deserve
Jared Molly isn't their server a man we
used to go see a therapist Molly annoys
me
alright let me know how you feel but
this episode of comes down below what
was a drink so Michael Mageau yeah I
know
girls in a struggle the Wi-Fi out here
is my cue so the video was all like I
might miss some people I think the black
woman the old black oh she was talked
about with somebody that I couldn't see
clearly I'm just trying to this done for
y'all
it's six o'clock here and I'm gonna get
a facial okay
