Haitian because 2016 has been a year
everybody wants to flush down the toilet
yeah that's real booty how was your
mental health and how are you caring for
it I think my mental health is pretty
good I will say that I'm like a stress
puppy I've always been the kind of
person you like stresses out and like I
have to actively talk myself out of
things that I know won't matter in a
year but I'm like in this moment it is
the most important thing I will say
going home and remembering who I was
before all of this is like the best
medicine in the world like when I just
run into people in high school at the
mall they're just like working there and
they're like I'm a family my kids and
I'm like good for you man like I'm just
here to like go to I don't know forever
21 and get a Cinnabon just like live
like a regular life like that I feel
like I get caught up a lot in the than
yours yeah and yeah and like the
industry like what am i doing and like
knowing what other people are doing one
who actually cares like we're all gonna
die one day is maybe just remember that
like you had a life before this that was
fine it was just a different life we're
doing with a lot of depression and
anxiety this year and it's weird that we
can't stand it when people try to like
pat hominin or like castrate your
character by saying that there's
something mentally wrong with you
yeah because then it makes acknowledging
that you're dealing with depression or
anxiety even harder because people have
already projected that somehow you're
dealing with this because it's like
making you crazy or making you a lesson
person I mean none of these people are
doctors right so it's like why do they
know you in real life right so it's like
they have no way of actually diagnosing
something what was your highest point of
this year my highest point of this year
YouTube was really so dope
that was so like it was just a room of
information it was cool and I think
there's plenty of room for growth but I
was in a really bad spot and the YouTube
black came along and it was just like oh
okay
yeah like we're here and let's see what
we look like was so it was amazing I
would say that was like a huge point in
my year to like I think I just never
thought that YouTube was gonna take some
sort of initiative on you don't even
like I just thought like that's a pipe
dream like they I thought they didn't
care and I also felt like it was amazing
to me like the people that I've looked
up to you within like the group of us
like that they had still felt the same
things that I was dealing like I drove
all mutually frustrated with the same
sort of thing that I validated so much
of the work meant and the care and
concern we put into our YouTube channel
yes like that was do I think the only
other thing for me is like someone
through surgery I didn't Beth now that's
a big fingers used in collage let me
assure you a tumor was like yeah you
were not to see it like with meatball
looks like a big Rosa what was the
lowest point of this year for you
probably to work yeah that was like the
beginning of being really sick for a
bunch of months so that was like it was
a I guess kind of a bummer cuz I was
like super excited but like I didn't get
to go to the last night's party I was in
the hospital and then I was in the
hospital for the party right yeah I was
literally go in the hospital watching
snapchats and I was like this is unfair
like this is all I wanted ever in my
life there's no lid off that shitty pain
and grab all of the pictures people are
posting and I'm like my lowest point was
silly my manager former manager I didn't
want it but the court came in a long
point it was when she stopped replying
to my emails yeah I was like no um Oh
babies the whole situation yeah
because I think like missing lipstick do
you follow her and Twitter yeah she does
I've done a lot of astrology tweets and
she tweeted something about Pisces
Pisces about how like they will just
create a story that never existed you'll
be looking at them like where was I for
this hmm
and this entire situation I just be like
girl yeah and then the season is so slow
if I keep getting after that every time
I mentioned something about the case out
of control how do you balance being
tapped into current news and self-care
this is something we're talking about
earlier and the way you position that I
was like that's so interesting I put so
much time into can time and concern into
the research of what I'm talking about
and wanting to provide a certain
historical lens to the pop culture news
that we're hearing yeah and that I'm
consuming so much of this negativity
right we have Donald Trump even what
matter the sets of white privilege that
has come out of the Trump campaign yeah
also with like watching Hillary Clinton
to take so much heat for being a woman
yeah and then every time did you who
like what I say hey that's what side of
mystic why are you came for a white
woman it's like I'm like what I'm also a
woman yeah that is so like but yeah
people assume that you could not
possibly have anything I'm like well
we're not like I don't know I have this
theory that people don't know that you
can be more than like a black person
like when they see your skin they're
like oh you're black and you're not
putting yourself in this Lane and people
like wanting you to respond right away
like the exercise I need to do a video
yeah and then I gotta be tapped into
every TV show every news Awards I have
to have a rebuttal or reaction to
everything it is I didn't even
acknowledge that do you said something
how much that does actually wear on your
night honey
and it's hard because like people want
you to have the answer or have something
to say when they can't and they know you
have an audience and that's a time to
grieve way like you don't get time to
grieve you like you don't get time to do
any of it like I think that a lot of
times people will think that because
you're in front of a camera like you
don't have a life outside of that and so
they're like why don't you just do this
thing and I'm like oh because I'm like
actually really sad like I'm really
upset
and like and I don't have the answers
and I don't know how to process this and
yeah and like I just a time limit on how
fast I have to process and like maybe I
already did something very similar but
this horrible thing keeps happening
right like there's nothing a sense yeah
like what else yeah yeah I feel
exhausted by all of the ways that I have
to communicate I'm like how there's not
a better way to say like to stop killing
up you know I mean like this there's
only so many things I can say but people
are like well I need like they need that
and it's like I get it I feel like I
need that from somebody but like it's a
lot to ask what do you hope for 2017
monogamous yeah oh wow big upping up I
mean you know if we're talking about
dreams I'm like I win the lottery yeah I
mean I guess my goals for 2017 or like
what do I hope for that's that was real
question I hope that Hillary Clinton is
president yes I hope that we are done
like I think I hope that people who are
like outwardly racist now because it is
seifish like feel super scared and
embarrassed like let's make like racism
killing black people yes I hope
I hope we let go Billy Holladay fiancee
jobs another I don't help me I say isn't
the baby I'm sure I don't mean another
right now I heard have another one I'm
hoping that I finally hit that stride of
success and I hope with up doors
opportunities next for myself but for
other my peers in this space cuz I don't
want to do this by myself
yeah and that's like kind of been the
hard part is always feeling like they
only have room for one yes yeah for
black women and I want it to be a good
game write down the doors break them
down yeah but I want it's like if that
ain't at the table it is we have the
table yeah like it's our Tavia I want to
be on the red carpet and look over yes
sorry thank you for the question cause
like my original goal was talking to the
woman who's not like women in southern
United States and answering questions
for them that they have like especially
without all this protesting okay what's
the next step like even something like
oh my health insurance sucks who do I
complain to you know I would like to
build out a program that kind of talks
to this audience of women that has
supported me but also helps make their
lives better
that's lofty it so might not happen next
year but it's something that I want to
be able to work to work I want to break
the internet I want to make a web series
that is as good as a Netflix show ah I
want to make a show on YouTube that is
so good that I get it gets picked up
like I want it to be I want people to
know that we're okay just let me be
behind the bar I hope you guys enjoyed
the conversation I think it's very
interesting we dropped some tea yeah I
think we felt a lot of feelings yeah and
we express them it was about you know
you can body rolling out right I'm like
not as good at it and now I just feel
we're gonna like not since graduation my
bags away they're like no but her
production value with awesome look she
allowed me to like tap into that hey do
you like how this look right thanks
all right as always you can shop smart
brown girl calm we're gonna get you in
rich store to plug yeah let's do it
you have to find some catchphrases like
I had some stuff we'll see what's up
I can help me over I do
