Haitian because 2016 has been a year
everybody wants to flush down the toilet
yeah that's real booty what about being
a black woman on YouTube do you think
makes it harder all of it I don't think
that was actually a question for you and
I just like yeah I have so many yeah
look we're not a monolith and I it's
always an anomaly mm-hmm right but by
and large on our space I feel like we
are very overlooked because people feel
like because we're black only other
black people can watch you get a lot of
opportunity for looking a certain way or
like doing a certain thing and
specifically like being boring yeah I
mean like I just think like it's it's
not always miss Kay I was doing car
reviews and I was watching a video of
this car coming sponsor this youtuber
who doesn't have their driver's license
and the beauty gurus face it though but
he'll do a bantu knot out and then like
some yeah if somebody is gonna come do
it and it's four million pay exactly and
it's like the new thing yeah and above
we call it goat like I don't know I want
to like what are these kids calling it
now but probably like Kylie not yeah why
do you think that their stuff would be
different and varied but like my stuff
and your stuff would be exactly the same
right I think that we are far more
placed in a box and it's just really
unfair as my weird dance how often do
you think about quitting YouTube how
often have I thought about it ever cuz
like right now I'm really not thinking
yeah I'll be honest have a mission and
you were sticking to it yeah like right
now I feel like I'm probably the most
motivated I've been since like my first
video ever went viral you know what I
mean like if like that felt like a time
where I was like I have to put out a lot
of stuff because people are like
checking up like it's like people
finally know I exist like what's the
next hit and I don't feel that pressure
anymore but I do feel like I want to
make something better than the last time
every single time now but I will say
like there have been times when I wanted
to walk away and it was mostly like
probably earlier this year when like
BuzzFeed's like CEO like his response to
like your stealing people's work word
for word was we all work in the same
space on the internet so like it was
just like a big shrug and I'm like this
is a company worth nearly a billion
dollars and we're all just like okay so
Rob people who have the money like that
was like a point where I'm like you
either have to be the big dog or you
just have to like be okay with people
stealing the things that you work hard
for and so like that's why I think right
now I'm like you know what I could sit
around and just be mad about that or I
could just keep making better stuff and
every time they steal it they have to up
the game because otherwise people are
gonna like no it's that was me or the
question was about quitting you didn't
even oh I had an answer you got this oh
but I think about quitting YouTube every
day every day
when Sally main calls me every day when
I'm like there just has to be something
past this and I am really like I know
it's gonna be harder not living in New
York constantly having to figure out
what I gotta do better and I'm just
tired of having to think about what I
have to do better yeah like I want I'm
trying to get to the point where what
I'm doing is good mmm
and there's some recognition and
opportunity coming from that and it
hasn't happened and so now I'm just like
oh maybe I go there real job maybe I go
back maybe I'd well yeah but thinking
about going to grad school like like the
thing is like I've been telling her this
all night but like it's not you it's
just like I think that like everything
is sort of in the air right now and so
it's like there's more opportunity than
ever but it's also like it you really
have to be like there at the right time
in the right basically be in New York
okay we got it
where do you find motivation oh gosh
it's been hard mm-hmm and I get my
motivation from my audience of smart
brown girls in that
you know it isn't that I'm teaching them
something supposed to leave with that I
can get emails on them saying thank you
for encouraging me yeah to invest in my
own knowledge that's just such a
beautiful thing because it's not me
dictating to you it is me kind of
growing yeah this community that can
then grow their own communities Hey I
don't know I'm motivated by I think it's
kind of selfish but I think like I was
sick for like four months this year and
I was motivated by the like I I guess I
realized that there was so much space to
do stuff and like there's like I I don't
even know how to phrase this but it's
like my motivation now comes from having
time and energy to do it and I'm like oh
I better do this before like something
else crazy happens cuz like this year
has been booty but garbage so I got a
toilet garbage yeah so it's like I
anytime that I feel good or the energy
to do something I never wasted on like
being like oh I found the feel-good so
I'm gonna like relax and like take it
I'm like no like now's the time to grind
out when I'm sick and tired that's when
I'll be like laying down and then also I
think this is narcissistic but I think
I'm like just my realization that I'm
not getting any younger and cuter but
not real or that you don't want to be
doing this in your old age yes that you
have other goals in life yeah like I
want to make it right I definitely want
to have like kids in a family and I also
like I'm not dating anybody so I'm like
okay well now that I have another free
time I better make this happen or else
this was a waste of time
who inspires you that's an easy question
yeah so many people I mean this week's
Alonso 13 a lot yeah Thank You Janice
awesome like it's weird there's so many
people for different reasons like who
want YouTube inspires you
ooh on YouTube
I mean like I was really excited to meet
you you know I'm corny you are anything
like I remember we met each other you
two black yeah yeah we were doing okay
yeah it was like I was like I don't know
no I actually happen just to be clear I
was hiding the corner and anytime
somebody approached me I'm like I'm not
actually cool enough for these people I
try to respect and like be inspired by
people who can like post it consistently
cuz I don't you know everyone that I
like doesn't really post consistently I
mean that's the thing like all the
people that I like the most don't but
I'm trying to be inspired by people who
like can actually but that's the thing
it's hard to make quality content
consistently like that's just the nature
of the game you can put out a lot of
crap every day mm-hmm although I will
say I think Casey Neistat does a great
job everybody it's like eating the film
card you can set a standard it was
wildly unfair for like everybody has
true you know there are kids out there
that are doing it so good I'm not yeah I
mean you might even get you a drone I
don't judge them we're close to here
like I feel like that would just be me
literally just like people be like did
you rip this from this video inspired
you
everyone was great I didn't even think
to say that but I think that she's like
yeah and I think her just kind of
creating this Lane it's interesting I
don't know how do you seen it cuz
obviously Evelyn and I are friends right
so to see her kind of be genuinely her
yeah and people respond to it in such a
positive way is very inspiring because
she lives outside a lot of what people
say is a standard on you yeah I agree
right yeah I don't want that to sound
shady no it's not I do that like if you
weren't like a like a white person from
England you're like you don't wear a lot
of makeup you know like sometimes she
has eyebrows sometimes she doesn't yeah
for her comedic timing is so great
then I'm always just like damn you're
really smart and funny yeah yeah I mean
like that's the thing it's like I let me
teach my answer I'm inspired by anybody
who is genuinely talented on YouTube and
they would be genuinely talented without
you - aha and there's like Evelyn it is
Oh what does it say I'm inspired by
Chris Wall and loving maybe that's
cliche because we live in a very similar
silo but Chris will start it and I think
she got a lot of shade yeah compared to
fury on the read and she's very true to
herself and she's a potty mouth who
though I was coming back the night Kurt
and then lovely because she doesn't live
in New York or LA yeah I appreciate that
she works she's in Chicago she pounded
the pavement and now she's reaping the
benefits and I think it's such an unfair
narrative to black women and say that in
order for us to be successful we have to
be in LA New York or Atlanta
mm-hmm which is out of the reach for a
lot of people for different reason oh
when do you decide to ignore delete and
or black oh okay ignore for me is like
if it's a just a crit imeem if it's a
nice thing like I usually respond but if
it's just like a critique that is a fair
critique or like constructive I don't
need to take that down like I don't I
don't mind if either people see that
like someone notice something or like
something I can improve on like usually
I'm pretty okay with that stuff I will
block anybody who like is clearly racist
homophobic sexist like I I know a lot of
people are like put it there and then
like shut him down and like listen I'm
great with a keyboard I could shut these
people down but I don't think that like
you know I make videos for sixteen year
old me like who was that person that I
didn't have and like I think that I
would have been discouraged if I was
constantly seeing like inward inward
like all these horrible things like I'd
be like oh whoa yeah I'm not ever gonna
make anything like I wouldn't want to
try that stuff just stay there so I'm
like it's not productive
oh I don't really delete things unless I
plan on blocking the person like I will
respond how delete in that like
because they don't know that you're
deleting it cuz they still shows up on
their Google+ page that's actually great
so they don't know that you deleted
there so they feel really good about it
I'll delete things that either I think
other people will come after them for oh
yeah exhales so you're like who this
person doesn't need to think that
through
yeah like are they just you know cuz
everyone doesn't articulate the same way
yeah and so if I read a comment and it's
like oh girl you just crossed the line
yeah and I just know this is gonna go
way left yeah and I can't entire video
is now gonna be in the audience like
commentary on this person mm-hmm I would
delete that comment if somebody is
calling me out my name I will delete it
so I posted like I tried to today I had
to delete and block her but that wasn't
because girl I was on I had a snap story
about it she was crazy I've been trying
to get better about blocking people
because it's like you're on the Internet
you won't have the right to have their
opinion but people don't have a right to
your content like that's but everyone
also you can read something one way even
though a person men in another way I
mean that's that's definitely fair I
think it's but like because I do topics
that people will disagree on yeah yeah
sure hmm that I have to be I have had to
learn how to give more room to have it
will articulate their disagreement yeah
I have no problem with people
disagreeing with me but it's like there
are some people who will just keep
coming back to different videos just to
like get in your face about stuff and
I'm like well then these videos are for
you and like let me help you out
sometimes you see my block is a help
like oh you're lost and you're like
stuck in the world of me and you're
tired of it yeah let me just push you on
it exactly you're lost in the woods cool
there's a whole world on YouTube yeah
how do you balance being tapped into
current news and self-care
you
