hey guys it's Josie and I'm already sure
that the comments on this video are
going to be crazy if you are feeling it
you feeling me uploading more videos on
a regular basis be sure to thumbs up and
you know join the discussion down below
respectfully I am here to add my two
cents to the tyrant conversation around
Nate Parker's Birth of a Nation a film
that started out this year with much
hype and has since marred and
controversy I have already done a video
on my opinion of Nate Parker and the
Penn State rape case that he was tried
for along with his birth of a nation
co-writer at John Celestine I don't
remember if I stated whether or not I
would see the film but since this
conversation has become so polarizing
with scathing criticisms of historical
and accuracy and then people I know and
respect saying that the film was a much
watch I time to check it out also it's
becoming increasingly difficult to
counter some of the anti black woman
rhetoric without being able to speak
directly to the context of the film
basically those circular arguments where
people that like but no that's not
really in there but you like but I'm
sure but look I just needed to see you
but myself
so this week I saw Birth of a Nation
Nate Parker's rendition of the 1831
slave rebellion led by Nat Turner Parker
is the co-writer director and leading
star of this film as he plays Matt
Turner himself because I know I already
had keyboard warriors gunning to take me
down let me preface this I do not nor
have I ever been a fan or supported
Tyler Perry's owns the only Perry film
I've ever paid coyness II was for color
girls because ntozake Shange will never
be denied but overall I do not find
perry's work to be in good taste or a
benefit to the black community I love
history so much so that I'm considering
going back to school to get my PhD
it's very it's real I have never seen
them Woody Allen film the only Mel
Gibson film I've ever seen is Pocahontas
I don't support or Kali but I do believe
that there are ways to separate the art
from the artist especially when the art
is of superior value and message I want
to explore the content of this film
devoid of slinging mud at either side of
the rape case I walked into the movie
theater with high expectations of Birth
of a Nation as Nate Parker has fought
entire lessly to vouch for the greatness
of his and poignant Lee stated that he
is looking to become a leader in the
black community in his interview with
Ebony magazine for all the fight I
figure that the actual content that we
would be able to stand on its own to lay
and that some other criticisms about the
historical inaccuracies were
unnecessarily harsh but now I sat
through two hours of a woefully mediocre
movie that whitewashed a legacy of nat
turner and played into the same
Hollywood tropes that are constantly
regurgitated in slave narratives it's
not a horribly bad movie and if you're a
person who does enjoy Tyler Perry s
films I can understand why you would
enjoy the film or how the images of the
brutality of slavery would invoke deep
emotions and that's not shade it's just
that I am watching through a different
lens and eighth what most if you're
eating is a superbly insipid storyline
that really was a more of a service to
not Parker's Fame or Nate Parker saying
see I would interchange it then that of
nat turner is legacy Celestine and
Parker have produced a body of work that
shows them to be entirely in ed at
writing a screenplay I don't expect any
film to be a hundred percent
historically accurate but this is a net
turner story whose story leaves broad
room for interpretation
the recounting of Turner's 1831 slave
rebellion lends itself to a broad
spectrum of creative license with the
official documentation being via the
attorney Thomas grey
clams have honestly transcribe turn
those exact words detailing the
engineering of the rebellion wild turn I
was waiting for his own certain
execution in a jail in Virginia in 1831
so are you believing that a white man
whose attorney in the slaveholding state
of Virginia where its largest business
at the time wasn't even cotton but
tobacco and the exporting and selling of
slaves published a book with the utmost
integrity and consideration to the
narrative of Turner's words after he
managed to successfully slaughter close
to sixty white slave owners in their
families like it's 2016 after being
caught on camera white cops aren't
retelling the story like we can't see it
for ourselves like Donald Trump anything
an 2016 so was having anything
thirty-one my point is that Turner story
left a ton of room for Parker to really
dig into his interpretation of what it
meant for nat turner to convene slaves
in an era where there was an entire
ecosystem to keep them enslaved every
press this ecosystem was so successful
that it could not be defeated for at
least another 30 years and only by
causes of civil war that really only
dismantled the surface of the system
hello
13th amendment birth of a nation cash
Turner as a slave with a kind enough
master in Sam Turner and his family now
already knows how to read but by the
benevolence of the docile and fragile
white plantation mistress who sits in
the house passively watching the ills of
slavery the mother Turner takes that in
and gives him the Bible to learn this
past a fragile white woman as the
vehicle for Turner's intelligence over
all other slaves but generously gentle
touch with the characterization of the
white folks does not stop there
stam Turner is portrayed as a reluctant
slave owner who drinks through his
grievances in his force to participate
in the more grotesque aspects of slavery
due to his financial deprivation
he's only evil cuz he's broke ciao I
guess I did think was interesting how
they showed nap traveling to different
plantations hydrogens the Bible to
reinforce the subjugation of the slaves
to their master and you know
Christianity was brought to the African
slaves to keep them in line for their
oppression but with the wobbly storyline
that whole discussion was walked away
with like two lines when Parker uttered
half a bible scripture over a campfire
telling some slave men that they would
rebel and that was a summation of the
planning of the rebellion Birth of a
Nation spent over an hour showing us
that a dehumanizing brutalization of
black bodies shackled into slavery why
is it suggested that Turner ever had to
leave this plantation to see how bad
slavery is like the Turner plantation
was some sort of recipe we go through
all this gore with the slaves and then
they are entirely stripped of their
intelligence instead we are entreated to
a love story between Turner and cherry
for the sake of Hollywood I guess there
was not one black woman character that
had any opinion or intelligence of her
own volition and then we had the rape of
Turner's wife in another slaves wife
lead to Turner telling us that slave
heart to gather the most trustworthy men
to meet him the day after next down by
the river by getting 1831 and so was
that simple first ladies to gather out
of the earshot of their overseer and
then over this fire we have a young thug
appear for one of the most brutal
plantations and Hart attends to shoe
said young thug away but no Turner who
was planning a rebellion in 1831 against
white slave masters in 1831
uh sure is a young thug to say
he utters three fiery sentences and
boom-bap that's it autosize agree to
rebellion like that was he then one day
an eclipse appears and off they go to
start a rebellion that ends with the
same young thug who magically appeared
down by the river turns into a red coat
and snitches I know that it is unfair
that I want Game of Thrones battle of
the bastards
level of gore and killing of white slave
masters because of course budget
constraints and just trying to get this
movie into theaters means that attuning
nobility to a black man killing white
folks and mass but only in my dreams but
damn we spent a whole hour
seeing the Beast show treat when the
black folks and I couldn't get five
minutes of some real bored I guess the
wife felt or at least the illusion that
is closer to the actual number of white
folks killed in the 1831 rebellion all
we see is two houses in then the young
thug brings a whole rebellion down and
we don't see the why or how to him
deciding to run back to his hideous
annotation slave owner devoid of all
intelligence and thought process again
largely any sort of thought our noble
action on the part of the slaves was
facilitated through nat turner Nate
Parker played the only character worth
his salt in the film he really was to be
lauded as a star here you can tell in
how they chose to edit the film when all
the holes in the storyline are filled
with a pretty cinematography of Nate
Parker his ambition is overshadowed by
his hubris either he should have brought
in another director or cast someone else
as Turner or gotten a better movie
writer that's not due to budget
constraints especially we consider all
the black directors writers and actors
who have a hard time getting put onto
the first plate essence it probably cost
some more money in the long run to fill
all three of those roles because it
slowed him down I do believe that in
2016 we should not simply be grateful
just to see our stories being told this
is the say believe that supports Tyler
Perry films
and I do not see how this is opening the
door for our stories to be told with
great respect and intelligence that is a
standard that we have to set and hold
others accountable for compare the works
of ava duvernay and selma where not only
we get an insightful portrayal of an era
of imperfect leaders but she held along
a bevy of
black writers producers showrunners and
actors who are often overlooked in
Hollywood you just don't open the door
for yourself you have to pull others in
and look at the documentary 13th that
not only roused up a bevy of
overwhelming emotions but is inciting
some real conversations and teaching you
about this system that passed on from
slavery and through the Thirteenth
Amendment to keep black folks down we're
not even talking so much just about Ava
we are actually talking about the
content of the film and how it applies
to our everyday life I haven't seen
anything on Birth of a Nation pass oh I
bought two tickets I'm a support I'm
just happy that day wasn't a docile a
come from the discussion on the actual
content truly because Birth of a Nation
is really more about Nate Parker than it
is about Matt Turner where Parker could
have just done a much more successful
movie about the fictional story of a
slave rebellion that was alluding to the
inspiration being pulled from a story of
nat turner or denmark vesey or the like
i'm entirely disheartened that Turner's
radical legacy was whitewashed down to a
film that white folks could comfortably
watch greening knows insight into the
mind of nat turner
more specifically the white family of
sam turner can watch as comfortably and
think they did nothing wrong
oh yeah there are no discussions around
net turner or what it meant for a
rebellion to happen at that height in
1831 this could have been a mind-blowing
movie that really hit you in the butt
and looked a mark on your mind
we got a mediocre sleeper that caught
the benefit of the oscarssowhite
campaign it's easy to a slave movie that
invokes anger in black folks it's much
harder to make us and white folks see
the intelligent determination of the
slave the vastness of the slave
ecosystem that all whites played in Jew
the parallels that exist in today's
society and how we might learn from our
past to inspire us to be better in our
future Birth of a Nation
