hi guys its Josie I don't know what
y'all think is is that I haven't done
this shit in forever ain't nobody
watching this whole I don't know how to
talk over where my wig is crooked I'm in
the bed the hotel and whatever the fuck
look we're just gonna do this this way
because um I don't know niggas know but
I am I moved out of my apartment
August 5th I have not moved into my next
apart now move until next Monday I'm in
a hotel but I can with two weeks I miss
before I gotta be downstairs for dinner
or whatever let me pull up my whole ass
notes okay and they do this every season
we're like for whatever reason whether
they stopped giving screeners they take
the spinners away but like right when I
not home when I don't like visit like
I'm like oh not home for like an
extended period of time
like I don't have access to screeners
anymore and so then I can't prepare so
they face
I had screeners fillers till 1 to 4 and
I guess because now Lawrence is back is
why they didn't give out screeners for
it later in the season for like 5 6
there's only eight episodes in this
season whatever they didn't give that
those out to us so I had to wait and I'm
in California so I didn't get access to
the show into California time so I had
no way to prepare it I'm here working so
I'm at a conference and I just I don't
have my camera all these things girl
this is wage one of explanation I see
y'all we out here so we just gonna fit
in so let me I got no pants on my gosh I
need some water a bitch's mouth is dry I
got my little handy dandy Chromebook
with my notes on it it's cute they'll be
a sponsored video so there's a whole
movement to her apartment well I have
that too all right we'll explain why I
think it looks good let me get my water
if like them not show my okey-dokey here
we go let's start off ok this was one of
the best episodes of the season thus far
I feel like everyone can relate to this
season it was hilarious
ha ha hilarious and I think each one of
us probably
see part of ourselves and how this girl
quiet travel to Coachella and they
Beyonce on bus and it was a whole ass
bus I feel like Who am I in this
scenario Who am I
oh I'm definitely not easy because
that's not my bitch why bother with a
nigga he's gonna get his dick up and I'm
high I'm hot girls take Riley
they can't you think Nick time when they
take money that's unfair let's stop you
know what never mind rose I'll mow your
hosts all right let's get into this
he was out here still doing lifts she's
doubling up on the list though Yoda
popped in the back of his live going on
a brush ah ha ha ha ha hee hee hee LOL
got a good laugh in there i'm hearing a
little bit of queer representation
because they was cute we see you we see
you and y'all are representing you see
people who doing it they um hey Nathan
look that nigga is magically slippery
slimy you know I'd be saying
light-skinned house cast I begin
defending this sheet but like something
about Nathan I just mmm but Aisha why
are you so pressed for this nigga
respond to an emoji
you ain't even carrying an old
conversation with the homeboy you're not
speaking in full sciences so what I get
it she pressed him twice at Coachella
because she was high
she was is this a week-long you pop
pills is called hurry I guess she was
trippin look basically she was on in
another state of being another place of
being so I guess that's why she pressed
him twenties but I'm like well you was
sober with two feet on the ground in Los
Angeles County you looking at the text
message conversation and the last thing
you said to him said something banging
ass nigga question I just okay
hmm all right then we all knew that
Molly's over worker you know as much as
I would like shade the fact that she
took on more work in order to compete
with Torian I feel like most black women
who are career minded
would do exactly what Molly did in that
scenario but I do take issue with the
calls for her taking that position in
that she is trying to counter Torian
which to me is a battle you want to lose
it's not you weren't smart not hard and
all things would it come to her career
molly is very smart and so it's
interesting to me to see her put herself
in a position where she's going to work
harder and not smarter in order to
achieve whatever she's trying to achieve
in her career but I think she's a lot
more strategic than that as far as that
like the narrative her the narrative
that her character has gone thus far
Luis suggests to me that she has the
ability to be much more strategic than
to try to jump over Torian and that I
wouldn't like personally I wouldn't even
I don't know I want to mess with voy I
would have gone right with the black
woman's I would have gone right to the
boss I would be right where HR at you
know there's just so many different ways
that she could pick herself up at that
company without over exerting herself
but within the same breath I think in
the way that she overexerted herself
right before vacation all of us done did
look Nick I'm all live in a hotel in San
Francisco right now trying to get this
damn review done it you know I mean
we've all been there trying to drink
twerk and still get the reports in so
that was super relatable but I really
really really just like biggie why are
you trying to compete with this ancient
ass Morehouse dude come on anything
there says all right Kelly with the time
edible you know I think when the
previews last week we all knew that
Kelly was going to be hilarious
I just want Kelly to get a good ass sexy
everybody else out here fucking with no
condoms and it's okay y'all just gonna
have to understand Issa Rae got the
kooky surrett he said the character got
the clue app on her phone track her
period she sees that fertility window
she knows a steer clear but I mean it's
time I she learn about nobody condom we
know what she doing plenty of growing us
when we be doing that shit I see these
travels and socio economics low-key Nate
nigga I would make it a whole lot of
assumptions here but I guess you ain't
getting no kind of representation this
season basically but letting Kelly get
some good and lagging that she deserves
Kelly ISM is a
Natick that took way mad causes that
didn't come on authentically but y'all
know what I'm trying to say Kelly isn't
like a bad selection so I don't like
this play on I get her being the humour
in the episode and I enjoy what's okay
the woman that plays hers named Natalie
Roswell I enjoy her character and the
acting in that character so much I'm
talking about a sexting game fingered at
the table is nasty and she's always kind
of like the way that they play her as
there is always kind of like slapstick
as if she can't get in again if she
doesn't have options you know I mean I
ain't that pressed that I'm fitting to
get fingered at a table with all my
friends
we might dig it we at least won't make
it to the bathroom you know I mean like
come on whatever niggas don't live in
New York I get how shit goes when it
comes to sex but Kelly desired some good
at sex and I would like for her to get
it
hmm that's all I'm saying with the time
to edible what kind of drugs was and
they do it now look I guess will you
take Molly like you're saying sentences
are high-end like everything is just
like a good as time as a woman you won't
feel like a brand new bitch that's what
you feel like when you take it it'd be
hell a while right um I don't know that
I would take Molly and then smoke weed
because ones and ones like an upper and
the other is a downer and that's just a
really weird mix it when they say
edibles I'm like what are you I'm
thinking we'd THC marijuana whatever
sativa indica whatever it is I got to be
doing that they that and all that stuff
kind of mellows you out and Molly
heightens you so I don't that just
doesn't that's not like a bad idea to me
but you know why I think the hilarity in
this episode that it was just full of
bad ideas and that's what they were
doing yeah I lost my whole train of
thought there
Wow I was saying Kelly with The Times
edible
like I didn't I didn't know that you
could time it but she is hilarious
sober hi whatever yelling at her cell
telling herself to shut up when she was
laughing girl oh I look floor back to
ISA and this almost my man situation
shit I've never been to Coachella so I
feel like if you're paying is it I guess
maybe according to the Instagram
influencers the pool parties is where
it's at I don't have a feel if my
homegirl we would be paid to go to
Coachella try and go see scissor and all
these acts and we had a pool party cuz
her nigga pop up but every time muhuali
has uh turn on her mouth well at least
they cute or at least they not ugly
I've been fairly disappointed I couldn't
win that comments because I'm like these
niggas night that's not that's not it
sings but whatever I mean your standards
are interesting I guess mm-hmm yeah but
that was hilarious when she was doing
the whole I'm I'm Molly on my lease on
my squared she unloaded her emotional
problems on the oh boy he saw that he
got out the way real quick we're early
bro smart on him I was with it mm-hmm I
feel like there was some scenes that
were based on like memes our vines and
maybe I don't spend enough time on an
Internet that I don't remember like when
when Nathan and ISA left should go get
whatever it was they trying to go get
and they were at the ferris wheel and
ISA in her days raps with him and then
like he raps back and then he's like oh
I play the triangle when she suggests
that they shouldn't be like a bay and
then go to Coachella and I said that
hope that felt like we came from
something that whole we should starting
to be in there before Coachella I was a
triangle that just felt very mean it but
I don't know I just be missing out on
things I yeah
then I'm not already talking about the
Molly in the man that that I'm where you
get that idea may I put a hole then MSN
in the ferris wheel
that young adult novel scene
you know HBO gotta get a sex scene in
any way they can Davidson County next
episode dagnabbit we got three episode
give Kelly sexy that's all I'm saying
and food don't have to be involved but
whatever we'll take it outta me giddy
um but soon as Miley put her Jackie down
to save space for Fred we all knew that
was going to go south we all knew they
was not gonna make it for bait shot it
wasn't in to happen and Kelly chopping
his hole in the neck I feel like that
was like a moment for all of us
absorbing all the sort of white violence
that is happening around us and
constantly being like why do we always
got a bit of peaceful folk why do the
niggas got to be peaceful I want to chop
a hole in her neck and Kelly took that
whole milk drinking why she say she
probably would have but Jill signed up
set up was hilarious and when we saw
Solera uh-oh we're just laughing Kelly
good case where are we supposed to find
that funny
like I felt low-key bad for laughing at
her it was even funnier when they took
her to him why she peed herself - she
was like don't remember me like I feel
like in that moment like oh but like not
in the table but in the PMI son I'm here
overly drunk and high in every different
kind of ways or just not together and be
aware you know my 25th birthday party I
don't exactly
I remember my license they gave me a
double shot of dark patron and late
patron whatever mixed alcohol and I was
just hi won't be happy that was my
birthday and my mama was there mama told
my mama only celebrate birthdays if she
showed us watching the birthday party I
was on cloud nine and only with the guys
that much a drink but I didn't have mine
to eat and oh girl I definitely threw up
and I started crying to my life sister I
made it to the toilet right I'm in the
bathroom
my cute little outfit with my bohemian
Oh remember that Boheme weave the
curling we they look like Teyana Taylor
hair I had that and I was crying over
the twist oh I'm so sorry I look so bad
right now I look so bad how could you
better I promise you I could do better
than that we could totally me on the
ground talk about please remember me in
a better frame of mind and then the next
morning when she did every thought she
was I she thought she was so high that
the tasing wasn't real whoo would you
tell your friends would you tell your
friend that they got AIDS
or is it in their best interest if they
think that that's a host nation hmm okay
so Tiffany honestly one of my least
favorite characters on this show but I
really did feel some sort of empathy for
her throughout this episode because I'm
like damn lucky Tiffany is insufferable
all on her own but like a bitch is not
having a death sentence if she's about
to give birth like day y'all really are
going hard about the responsible ring
and her about to give birth and she's
been pregnant for 12 months and yadda
yadda yadda it's like you set it up for
the fact that like what she has his baby
you're not even going to give her the
option of having an invitation to come
home and it's like in your life changes
yes you become a little less accessible
but like damn my friends haven't had
babies disappeared yeah me I don't I've
never gone through a predator with my
homegirl and thought that like I was
losing a friend or focused on how much
she wasn't gonna be able to turn up
anymore so you know that moment in the
car that really did feel like a real-ass
moment that I could relate to a lot of
women who have had children and they're
single or unattached or nine have a kid
having friends have viewed them entirely
different and then they feel like they
don't have like they don't get invited
to the funny ones they don't get
included and the sort of time but whoo
you know I really I was like he's so
chill you have all so hard in every way
she's just having a baby you know I mean
but her life does not end as you know it
but uh yeah I guess
to get to the Empire everybody want to
talk about Lawrence being back Wow I
have not read any of these comments I
just been talking my love oh alright
hello oh he can't fight we already see
Dustin he beat the shit out of all boy
um okay so Lawrence being back I have
mixed opinions on this right because we
only have three season episodes of these
eight episodes if I mean I might we
might get like a surprise too now I have
a sneaking suspicion and I read this
critique I think Jacqueline Sanders was
it on vulture calm have written about
how the fact that she felt that part of
how do you block someone cuz this is
unnecessary nigga you got me wasting my
time put user in timeout okay mmm all
right there we go
but yeah I think I think the critique
that Jazmin I was making the point that
Jonathan Sanders had written before for
vulture calm and I think she's made a
point about how she felt like a lot it's
one of insecurity sort of Follies is
that they they pay attention to social
media too much and they do sort of
things to kind of respond to how social
media is reacting and so last season I
were complaining about the lack of
condom use you know later in the season
they had a close-up shot of a condom now
I know they have to submit the entire
season to HBO before airing but like
when I was reviewing being Mary Jane I
the last season that I reviewed I had
access to subpoenas from the entire
season and I will say the second half of
the season did change to the point where
the series that I had I was told to hold
off on watching or viewing or basing my
review on because elements of that
episode had changed not to say that the
whole point of view of Lawrence being
bad is because of the because of how
social media has been responding the
show but it's
think about me just ties it together to
the fact that like this season's been
very slowly moving up into the last two
episodes I've been very kind of like
what the hell is happening I just
punched should be dynamic enough that I
should be interested and we still have
the viewership and the engagement and
the conversation around the series
without the Nika Lauren just ain't shit
to do I don't know how does think about
I'm happy to see Chad Chad the funniest
house care out of element in my life
Chad's hilarious chad is a great
humorous touch that counters Kelly's
sort of humor and my lychee my uses
humor but I don't need Lawrence
I really don't without come downstairs
oh wow I could have recorded this review
because now we got pushed back a half
hour Wow maybe I'll still record a
review after this but yeah they um I
don't know I mean I'm interested to see
but it's kind of like dad we're only
three episodes left there's so much more
about Issa that we really do want to
know like her childhood her backstory
what she will do about her job then I'm
just kind of like when do I need
Lawrence but you know I trust in Issa
and Issa Rae and her writing staff to
kind of bring it back around and makes
this more interesting but like I guess
I'm ambivalent about the return of
warrants I'm happy to see I'm not happy
I'm not happy to see him back I'm not
mad I'm not really disappointed okay
where we call me I just do kind of wish
that we could have kept the momentum of
season three in the earlier episodes of
this season within the characters that
we already have but uh you know we'll
see how it goes
we'll see where it goes I don't have a
lot to say about the return of Lawrence
right now we'll see hmm Lawrence to skin
wood looking great he's not a real clean
fish I think he broke up jail is I broke
up with that white girl you Dan look at
all y'all can now go at my back he might
just be hiding her to be honest because
y'all probably did try to comfort him
but
yeah I do think that like yeah I I think
there's a lot more dynamicism that could
have been pulled out of the character
it's uh Molly definitely has a Kelly
Tiffany like we haven't seen Derek but
now that launches back now we're gonna
see Derek okay
but I'm gonna you know I'm gonna wait
till next season then the next season
when we connect for spinners so next
week my review will definitely be late
and I have a rule of thumb he's episode
for 30 minutes I'm about to end this
right now because I don't do reviews
longer than the actual episode but um I
move in next Monday and I'm not gonna
have internet access so until Tuesday so
my review next week will be late as well
and I might still come back and record a
more proper review I'll see how I feel
about this but uh thanks for watching
I'm out just ass
