hey guys it's Josie before we get into
this the hair is Toni Bailey the
necklace is lost Queens and the shirt is
smart brown girls support black girl
owned businesses but let's just get into
this how many of us dream of success as
if it's accepting an award in front of
an audience look at the Oscars or the
Grammys when we envision ourselves
walking up this stage as the crowd below
clubs and applause for us we have our
acceptance speech all right now after we
thank God and our mama we have a line
specifically reserved to shout out all
my haters but why do they deserve to be
mentioned in the same sentence as people
loved ones and the one above who gave us
their compassion and support why are we
always so pressed to give credence to
our hater it is the same principle as
those with social media platforms who
can be like thanks.thanks says ok thanks
thank you thank you thank you and yes
I'm so guilty of this but let somebody
come in when one drop of negativity in
this crap bag s-phase all fake I got you
why all the positivity we are short and
sweet but with any sort of negativity
thrown at us we have essays upon essays
upon essays of clap bags to give to them
we are consumed with giving our haters
more of our energy but the energy you
entertain is the energy that you allow
into your personal space and therefore
light it is that energy that will
manifest into a physical presence so I'm
ready to tell you from firsthand
experience don't ever thank y'all haters
this is not to say that there are never
times when you should address those who
belittle demean you or attempt to attack
your character trust you me I
overwhelmingly understand especially
when you have opened yourself up on a
public platform because people are just
a lot more disrespectful to you than
they are in real life
it can't get overwhelming and I will do
not understand what's happening behind
this
what you are absorbing and constantly
turning another cheap chips they don't
know how often you're blocking trolls or
how your own personal information gets
attacked is absolutely just a lot to
deal with firsthand I have learned that
a lot of this negativity that comes from
online can manifest in real life
experiences potentially impacting your
livelihood and it all started because we
we gave the negativity space in our
being in the first place the truth of
the matter is no matter what you do
there is always someone and something to
say negative about you keep in mind that
there is a big difference between
somebody who is a hater and someone who
actually has been official could have
quote advice to give you it's not always
easy to see or receive any sort of
criticism whether it's positive or
steeped in super negativity tearing you
down but those who are honestly
providing us with critical advice
because they want to see you do better
aren't going to step to you with the
level of compassion and open-mindedness
and respect and understanding that you
are human being that will choose when
and how you are going to do better
I thought youtuber we do have a hard
time dealing with this not because of
the trolls it's more the criticism that
comes from women that look just like us
women who in any other circumstance we
might give the benefit or they might
give us the benefit of the doubt and
handle each other with a bit more
compassion and understanding and just
respect instead of harshly criticizing
and picking us apart as if we're not
humans with a shared similarity in this
struggle it is one thing to criticize
when somebody has blatantly done
something wrong but when we are
discussing the more mundane things our
criticisms built on false pretences that
is what I'm referring to in real life we
can shoulder selves from this because if
we don't like someone we typically walk
away and we just don't do with it but
online in a public setting some of us
choose not to walk away and instead we
invest time and following and picking
this person
apart and often these times these are
not degenerate ugly people they are
everyday women who look and talk just
like you and I and to be honest we each
have a bit of this in us this desire to
be witty and drag someone we have to
admit that there is nothing inherently
wrong with somebody who doesn't care for
you and because you are on a public
platform they publicly discuss their
disdain for you this is par for the
course whether you exist on a public
platform or you're encountering
negativity in work and school on a more
personal social level there's really
nothing you can do to change it you are
free to try and Bend yourself to their
will but they will just find something
else about you that they don't care for
if a person is giving in that much
energy to speaking negatively about you
then all they want is attention and the
moment you give it to them you've opened
Pandora's box that it takes way too much
energy to attempt to close so just don't
open it in the first place some of us
spend a lot of time it's something to
explain ourselves or even change the way
that we are so that we won't get the
hate that we are getting but there is
nothing nothing you can do for a person
who wants to hate you they're gonna hate
you no matter what and the moment that
you give them the attention and you
respond to them you were then weak
minded why are you paying them attention
like your head is bigger haters and pay
them dust I know this is much easier
said than done and even as I champion
the message of staying bless and
unbothered you know we all got sensitive
side sometimes I mean it'd just be
fascinating to see people invest so much
time in learning your life better than
you know but just be mindful of when you
do give your energy to others and who
you're letting into your intimate mental
space this is a space where you can have
tunnel vision only focus on the positive
messages and the critical ones that are
given in love and support so when you do
get on
stage and accept your award of success
thank the people that matter most thank
those who uplifted you and your hardest
times those who inspire you to do better
and to be better and give the haters
nothing more remember that at one point
in time people did not like Beyonce they
understand that the higher you climb the
harder you fall
but you understand the higher you climb
the higher and harder they have to reach
and it's great to look down and see how
pressed everyone is reaching so high off
a foundation built on nothingness for
two to five dollars or more you can
support smart brown girl and help to
launch the smart brown girl podcasts
tour scholarship fund and flourishing
community of awesome smart brown girls
visit patreon.com/scishow see and become
a smart brown girl patron today
