hey guys Rudy and today we're gonna be
discussing adulting wah bro going to
college Wow bro you guys could use some
quick cute simple tips to help you out
allow you to stay as a smart brown girl
I look like a stuffed sausage in the
shirt crash Teyana Taylor I hate you I
don't even know what I think what huh hi
first thing I have to give to all of you
folks keep up with your credit even if
it is bad I know when we're broke we
ain't got no money your coins a stress
few and far between we're gonna try bank
account it's like oh wow 3187
in both my savings and my checking
account total balance Wow Wow
it's like why I checked your credit well
one thing is if you already have any
sort of debt and collectors are calling
you and you have any intentions at any
point in time of paying them back
they're gonna have your kind of report
in front of them and it's really hard
for you to negotiate down how much you
pay per month or working out some sort
of deal so that you can get your credit
back on track if you don't know what is
on your credit report and yes I have had
Sallie Mae tell me that I should make my
loan payments on a credit card I use a
service like credit Sesame
which gives me my free credit report and
gives me like a credit report card so I
can see what is causing my credit score
to be low so if you want to make a plan
because sometimes it's not just paying
them a lot of time huh not just paying
the minimum balance on a car you might
have something that shouldn't be on your
credit report especially if you're in
college my college days all the credit
card companies and even just other
companies were constantly on campus like
recruiting offering you free gifts to
sign up for things and don't
underestimate how easy it is for
somebody to get your personal
information especially when you live in
a dorm and you're using public computers
and you're doing various things so
utilizing a service like credit Sesame
not only allows you to keep up with your
credit score and what's hitting your
credit but it also allows you to protect
your identity
and your personal information which is
important you know understanding why
your scores well like credit utilization
having too many inquiries on your
account understanding what's being
registered as student loan versus
private debt number two it's for people
of all ages you are never too old or too
young to look into passive income you
know I did my video on the webinar scans
and that kind of one of the things that
they play up on is informing you how to
make money quickly and easily and really
it's how to make money on passive income
and they are screenshotting and cropping
out and doing things are different
numbers to make it look like they make
it more than what they make it but one
of the best tools and I tend to promote
this a lot as well is to use things like
Amazon affiliates Amazon has one of the
best affiliate programs out there you
can get up four to eight percent back on
what people purchase when you direct
them to Amazon so you don't need to have
a large following to do this I might do
a video later on breaking down like how
affiliates can benefit you but it could
be something as simple as if you have a
Facebook page and you read a lot of
books and you have a Facebook or Twitter
or Instagram this is the book that I
read I love this book here is a link and
use your Amazon affiliate link Amazon
bittley's a link for you then I get all
short and cute and concise is super easy
and Amazon caches whatever I purchase in
that time period that it caches you get
four to eight percent of that depending
on the volume that is purchased through
your Amazon links number three for all
ages again promotional work if you are
looking to supplement your income
because you were in between jobs or
you're saving towards something and you
have goals financially to be met promo
work is I did a lot of pro con work when
I lived in New York the only caveat to
promo work is that when you get started
it typically takes 60 to 90 days before
you receive your first paycheck but if
you can keep it on a roll especially if
you were in college they are constantly
running promotions on your campus you
will see people handing out flyers and
balloons those people are sitting by
the chase desk saying hey come time for
a credit card we'll give you a t-shirt
their promotional workers anytime
somebody's handing you stuff in front of
concerts post during all the music
labels have street teams the more hole
it is typically the less it pays but it
could be anywhere from $10 an hour to
$30 and up an hour so my mother and I
both did promo work I put her on to the
liquor promo and she would do that in
Florida
they put you in these bougie little
liquor stores you know here in Texas we
have specs I was getting $25 an hour to
stand for four hours and hand out
samples of tequila all my work is one of
those things where the money can get
good and you can feel like it's capable
of being a full-time career but it's an
industry that literally goes nowhere its
lateral you can move up to maybe a
manager or a torn position but it
doesn't really manifest into other
things requires you to be present at all
times it's not a passive income thing
this is I am here and I am present so
just be careful that it's not taking
away from your studies or it's not
taking away from the ambitions that you
have in pursuing your own career for
utilize credit counseling if you are in
debt that you are over your head on it
you just can't pay it back that's
another reason why the credit report
card services like credit Sesame are
beneficial because they will let you
know about the credit counseling
services that are available in your
state for whatever reason like the
chases the visas the master cars
discover cards prefer to negotiate
better rates or payment plans with these
credit Council services then they will
with you
five I understand one of the hardest
things and being broke is that in order
to save money it really takes you
already having money you know I've
noticed that with my wealthier friends
they tend to be able to buy more things
than both or do things that cost more
money up front but have better long-term
potential in their savings and for those
of us that are broke we end up getting
into the cycle poverty really is a cycle
that if you allow yourself to sink too
far into is very hard to get out of so
be careful about what you skimp
and what you sacrifice because
oftentimes we will sacrifice the things
that we need most and then end up over
indulging to make up for that because we
are depressed or we're using that as
some form of self-care so being
realistic about what you can sacrifice
and how that is going to impact your
mental and your mental house
I want to thank credit Sesame for
sponsoring this video and making it
happen I know people haven't asked me a
lot about how I survived college with no
money all these tips that I'm talking
about even though its credit Sesame has
sponsors video that was a service that I
was using before they contacted me so it
worked out and the promo work I was
doing actively so I will have a blog
post that I've linked down below that
I'll have a ton of links for everything
that I discussed in this video also
there's some links down below in
description box already to get you
started I we want to flourish in life
and not be stressed you know they care
for you black girl Steve costs money
breath so I'm here for you do
