hey guys it's jewel Z and it's never
there beta oh my gosh this is coming to
the end it's like all gets back and I
didn't do 31 videos um yeah I suck at
this well let's get in this video we're
gonna talk about what's gonna happen
after the 31st later girl working here
educate how y'all doing how y'all
feeling this is total accident even
though the topic of this video is
culture appropriation I just did without
taking my banjos out cuz by 8 o'clock
it's been about a year today since the
internet was taken by storm when a
british nigerian penned that article
telling african americans to stop
appropriating african culture
she was fury ated after seeing this
picture from afropunk and perceiving
that these african-americans were taking
advantage of african culture and since
afropunk just took place this past
weekend i thought it was such an
appropriate topic to discuss in this
veda - let's do this conversation about
african americans appropriating
culturally African culture it's annoying
it's not productive it's going nowhere
and I'm gonna explain to you a fun it
lacks so much nuance and it really just
turns into a conversation about who her
who I called your people African booty
scratcher is you said mommy Bulls is
lazy
really we have to own it that as an
oppressed people it isn't definitely
hard to hear a group of people accusing
us of being the oppressor to them but
both sides are wrong we have to find a
way to acknowledge each other's pain and
then move forward in a more productive
conversation that does not mean that we
deduce each other's personal narrative
but we strive to do better like true
peace how this conversation about
African Americans appropriate African
culture ain't even about us low-key it
might be about Nigerian versus everybody
else but I keep getting tagged on
Twitter and it
the gram every time this cultural
appropriation conversation amongst the
African Diaspora pops up and oftentimes
it really isn't even African Americans
who are doing the appropriating I was
tagged because people were upset about
Kente cloth being used in bathing suits
it had gone from Instagram to Twitter
people are furiously tweeting about
African Americans again appropriate
African culture and I'm like hold up
with the girl that owns the clothing
line that signed these bathing suits is
British Nigerian though a good bit of it
is the smaller countries those that are
not like Ghana or Nigeria feel like they
get left out of this conversation
a lot about cultural influence and have
some mmm feelings about not being
acknowledged in the larger context it's
like look my sister from V Gambia I do
acknowledge and love you I just love
that it's V Gambia the influence of
African specifically fashion and music
and food and colloquial language coming
into the mainstream context has to do
with the advent of wealth populating
amongst these communities and them
traveling and resettling and immigrating
to other places not even just there has
been an influx of African immigrants
since the 1960's in the United States
but it's also that these communities
have settled down have created their own
communities and have a certain amount of
wealth to project their culture into the
mainstream context this is why people
like David Howe are getting American
record deals there is an audience here
that is demanding their culture and
their music be accessible to them here
that they don't have to go back home to
get it and so it is a part of cultural
exchange that is happening on the ground
here and it is largely being controlled
but we can buy the Nigerians but it's
being controlled by you know African
fabric ins themselves with that wealth
coming into these communities we have
second and third generation immigrants
of
diaspora going back to their home
country to establish businesses that
connect them to the rest of the Western
world when I was in I cry I saw so many
people like ran into them that I knew
from New York
tons of Ghanaian do that I'm like you
are clearly from the Bronx like I know
you can I am but like Bronx is written
all over you I can see and a lot of them
were home establishing businesses that
so that they themselves can control some
of the cultural exchanges is happening
because it has been co-opted so much by
the Chinese and the Europeans it there
is a community of West Africans who are
utilizing their culture to build
businesses on an international and
global level maybe there is a
conversation to have about how
capitalism commodified local cultures
without the actual local people
benefiting from it but that's the
conversation that has to happen within
those own community low my Caribbean
cousins I see you over there grinning
from ear to ear we all have to let go of
this idea that we are better than each
other or any other group because we all
got skin folk that ain't the camp oh
there ain't it miss thing it's
African Americans at large can't leave
where they're from to immigrate to
another country and leave behind all the
less than qualities of their people it's
kind of like our business is this all
fresh tree for everybody to see we can't
really hide the less-than-stellar
aspects about our community and low-key
I'm I'm kind of happy about that it
forces change to happen here on the
grounds more productively kind of
benefits poor black folks here that we
can't just hide them and act like they
don't exist forces us to fight for their
rights to if we're gonna fight for our
own rights but that's not video for
another day but do understand that every
time we point to each other and say that
because your people are lazy because
your people have schemers and scammers
and
negative pejoratives that we can throw
at each other we are feeding into the
white patriarchy and imperialism that
precipitates the poverty and violence in
both Kingston and Chicago and besides
due to their proximity and location
there is a shared history amongst us and
you my african-american sister and
brother cousins I see you over there in
a corner you get ready to go toe-to-toe
with the Africans about how they came
over here what they know in the air
against us chill out you cannot expect
anyone to do better if you are not
putting in the effort it's really so
very simple so I'm gonna give you some
tips but first we all acknowledge that
every last one of us have some lazy
ignorant cousins that they doing nothing
scratching a buddy on the stoop and in
the bush who care more about Jordans or
Manchester United there is not and
elites are more culturally aware ethnic
group at large amongst us we as a
community of the African Diaspora have
made it through the shackles of
imperialism and slavery some of us were
dropped off on the islands others of us
were left in the Americas and some of us
made it back to the Gold Coast on down
to be Ifrah and up to Sierra Leone and
Liberia one brother might have been sold
and shipped on a boat off to slavery the
other brother was forced to work a land
that was once owned by their
grandfathers and now you know
colonialism it happened it wasn't a walk
in the park at all our communities were
castrated both on the continent and
through the Diaspora and we all came out
of it with distinct and beautiful
cultures we should not be fighting each
other but the pillars of oppression that
make it impossible for any black nation
to flourish holistically now on to the
tips for my people here and in the
Americas right it is really simple to
kind of
the ire that some African immigrants
might have just by investing a little
bit of knowledge I mean like Nigeria has
three major tribes even though they will
give you that speech about having
thousands there's a lot there's a lot
it's a lot of them but the three major
ones are your buddy ball and house uh
and if you politely politely ask
somebody what ethnic group they are they
might be Leto so what you know what you
know yes I just know I just know about
them three I know it's mad more but I
just know about them three Keys open
doors it's like I got a pickle what you
at home and besides like chi waan and
wale and Chimamanda or some great
writers you know of the entire
sub-saharan Africa there is tons of
literature and literati that came out of
the hosts colonization independence
movement that was at the same time as a
civil rights movement and a lot of these
readings will connect right back to our
own history here as black folks in
America so you know you know you learn a
little bit you learn a little bit more
in the doors it just it doesn't stop
Ghana they love in karma I stay
pronouncing that man name wrong
who was the first president of Ghana he
was also a member of Phi Beta Sigma
fraternity incorporated he pledged he
did not skate and he pledged at Lincoln
University look just telegin again they
got the best shell off even if you ain't
never had it and date they don't like
you if they're Congolese be like are you
from the DRC that's the Democratic
Republic of Congo formerly known as I
air or you from Brazzaville Congo aha
you are no longer an ignorant American
and plus Lumumba is like bruh bruh bruh
larva Lumumba be put on cuz it's like
wow the CIA was sheisty Kenya is run by
the Kenyatta family who also was
instrumental in the post colonization
independence harambe
is not just the name of somebody gorilla
it was actually Jomo Kenyatta 's
political platform he was like the fur
it's president of Kenya Jomo Kenyatta
harambe my nigga yo and let's not forget
someone like the smaller often less
discussed nations like burkina faso they
had this revolutionary leader named
thomas sankara I keep saying it it won't
come back to y'all own history but not
really Thomas Sankara was like a Che
Guevara fan right round Burkina Faso on
a motorcycle trying to help like he was
like bout to put it on and you know of
course European powers bang bang there's
a whole section of southern Africa not
to South Africa but like Namibia Zambia
Uganda Rwanda Burundi that was heavily
impacted by World War one and World War
two it's like we always think about
white folks with the world wars but they
were world wars and there's a whole
other continent that you know was
colonized largely because of what was
happening in the politics between World
War one and World War two and then bruh
the history of like Israel and Zionism
being founded and how like what they
were trying to wit Uganda it's just a
world full of like facts that I'm
telling you it matters to us as black
people of the world now we're at an age
where the things just get shared a lot
more rapidly we have a lot more access
to each other the world over and so
there's a lot less excuses for the kind
of blatant ignorance that some of our
own people are propagating and the
better starts with us it starts with us
individually there's a lot of people
that just don't care about anything my
dad doesn't want to go back to Africa
not because he has a thing against I
forget what the man just don't care and
it's like come on you have unto your
uncle's back home that don't care
neither the bench I get some stool this
is B I mean a night China they don't
care it ain't even it's not even that
deep for us we have an interest and we
need to allow our interest to move us
forward rather than getting us stuck in
a singular space and it does take some
time in us educating ourselves and us
educating others and being understanding
that we might look alike but our
narratives and our personal stories are
impacted in different ways by
the same thing like yes there is a
shared identity in being black in the
Western world but how we get to that
point is quite different and we have to
give space for those differences to be
Express and respect it you know a lot of
us want to hold each other to standards
that we ourselves don't even live by so
let's stop let's stop projecting in this
hug it out I shaved my Queens for two to
five dollars or more you can support
smart brown girl and help to launch the
smart Bronco podcast tour scholarship
fund and flourishing community of
Awesome smart brown girls visit
patreon.com slash guilty and become a
smart brown girl patron today
