hey guys it's Josie and it's time for
another Veda video okay girl it's
clearly my bedtime it is late yes is
going up late I got me a little nightcap
cocktail this is not a Pop's not hurt
but you know we could clink clink clink
Clank somebody commented it that they
missed that so let's do this properly
clang clang clang clang clang it's Grand
Marnier peach with a pineapple his
videos going up so late because I worked
out today and let me explain actually
that was some Bauman's play a team by
the way this past weekend I met somebody
who said that Nigerians don't eat
plantain or if she was like all Africans
don't you plant it and I was like what
color meat pickles
what do you mean sis and she was like
well I'm your butt and your people don't
eat planet a oh you know you can't
really argue with someone when they hit
you with the I am like this is my
personal narrative and even if it is
incorrect I'm rocking with it and I'm
like that's interesting I could've swore
I had some plans painting at a
traditional wedding just last week and
she started to hit me with the well
there's over a thousand tribes or
ethnicities in girl I know but I'm still
saying I feel like plantain is the food
of life and why you don't you plantain
what yo jollof uh-huh but if a person is
that you plantain
don't trust them I'll be knowing but I'd
be knowing and that just suppose video
getting up so late because I worked out
and when I work out it literally takes
me all day to work out because I
procrastinate like I put my sports bra
on this morning at 9:30 with the intent
to work out at 10:00 before I ate and
then I just I just I just it you know I
worked at a 9:00 p.m. but I worked out
though it just literally it's like it
took me all day for my mind the process
that I was really gonna do 30 minutes of
21 day fix and I did it I probably
should be drinking but you know I felt
like I should have been rewarded for
that one workout I'm here to explain why
a video didn't go up what was that
Friday first of all there was like a
full moon or like eclipse it was
something happen in this weekend because
I did a full moon ritual and I was just
trying to live my
chakras right so what you do for a full
moon ritual is you write down everything
you want to let go of on a piece of
paper and then you burn it but I decided
to against that further because not only
was i letting go full moon but I was
also cutting this ain't I was also
cutting a lazy knee girl off um and so I
like sage smudge my house on top of it
to get rid of the fuck-boy energy that
might you know have been left over in my
place of residence so I wrote the list I
set it on fire and then I say schmudge
and then I set the fire alarm off at 3
o'clock in the morning girl it was like
I think the universe would try to be
like Beyonce ring the alarm ok this is a
message and I am doing something right
here but then I decide to take it even a
step further and be like hey Fran Hey
and turn off all my electronics right
because we're trying to realign that Zen
right so turn off everything my laptop
everything that I usually just close out
and so you can just flick back a lot of
the morning I turns it all off I was
trying to allow the vibrations with the
universe in with nature to radiate
through me and not the cellular towers
right so I turned my phone off
now I recently switched with Verizon and
t-mobile because cheaper and there's a
new iPhone coming out in September so I
let go of the iPhone I currently have
and I got a Android for the in between
in the meantime
I hate Android like it's so intrusive
it's like why why why like I'd be typing
 emails like I don't the Android
be doing - damn I said I'm not here for
it but I also look at this look at the
universe right so I've been going on
dates and then I realized I might need
to like lock my phone because I have a
habit of leaving my phone on the table
or when I go to the bathroom if I don't
have my period I don't like to take my
purse on me to the bathroom I'm like I'm
just I'm low maintenance I wanted to
stay hands-free I feel like germs and
itch like No
so let me put a lock on my phone because
anybody just go through my phone and
I've been like changing my password on
stuff and setting up 2-step verification
because you know you just I don't want
to be sleep when somebody try to like
hack me tall like I'm not really here
for it that day I had
going through all my email accounts that
set up 2-step verification which
basically means every time I have to log
into my email I get a text on my phone
and I have to enter that code in order
to access my email so people can't just
get that access to my password they have
to have my phone cool it sounds
complicated but it's really not that
like it's really as annoying as I
thought it was gonna be right first so
then like you know I try to align my
chakras and turn off all my electronic
so I don't want no cellular towers going
through me I want the universe to
radiate through me tonight so I turn off
everything and that day or my enjoy I
have put the password on it and on the
Android you put a pattern and I was like
alright I do the pattern but I don't
need to remember this coming to the
fingerprint better like 4:30 in the
morning and I felt I felt so good like I
changed my bed sheets i vacuumed you
know you have the vacuum lines in your
carpet it just been doing something to
your spirit and so I woke up in the
morning I thought were fresh I felt
beautiful I had sent a text that was
super polite telling this Negro to be
blessed and delete me from his life and
I just felt good right woke up in the
morning and go turn my cell phone back
on I had to put the pattern in my cell
phone because when you restarted Android
you could not use your fingerprint to
access your phone but this injuries
telling me I forgot it and after like 10
15 tries it be like try again in five
seconds try getting 30 seconds try get
in a minute try again in 10 minutes try
get in 30 minutes try and get in an hour
try again in two hours like no really
the really did we tell you like try
again at an hour try again in two hours
like they told that time for that what
are you doing here
so why I spent most of my morning trying
to figure out how to hack into this
silly Android cell phone that I have and
then because I had set up 2-step
authentication on all my email accounts
I couldn't get into any of my emails
that day and I have to get the text with
the code from Google in order to get to
my email so I couldn't get in to none of
my emails none I wasted a cleaning three
four five
six hours and we just being like Fe like
I got all these pictures on the phone
but they really just pictures of me
taking selfies and if I don't use them
I'm not gonna use themselves I ended up
factory resetting the phone to get into
it
Brad and then I finally was able to
access my email and then what else I did
there
oh I walked all the way to the post
office to check my pill box for a
package I've been waiting line only to
realize that I had it mailed to my
personal address and I was sitting
downstairs in my mailbox I did that and
then I got the audio from my quick case
and I discuss I've been to my lawyer and
I realized that it's proper to 'ti
software used to record the audio in the
courtroom and that you have to get
special software that lets do it in
download so I had to find somebody with
a Windows PC that would allow me to
download software to attract this audio
from the cd-rom somebody is making a
whole lot of money off of the core
system brah we just thought of the video
on that breath everybody that I know
owns math books I don't know any uncool
people with pcs they might have them for
work but like you can't be downloading
software on them they don't have cd-rom
drives and I had a cd-rom in like 2016
I'm a cd-rom I have two Mac books
neither would even have CD ROMs on them
I go to my uncle's house she got a
MacBook the home girl has a boyfriend
even though low key I think he might be
a trump supporter he let me graciously
use his PC and I spent a clean three
hours downloading this software
extracting the audio and converting it
to mp3 because what on Friday the
universe are trying to say something to
me you know and I'm not even mad at how
my Friday went because I see I woke up
really excited to do Veda like I'm
feeling good and I really have to thank
y'all for all the positivity Veda is
really uplifting my spirits I
