hey guys this Josie and I know it's like
where's Rita girl hi go to the video
everyday when I do a video for like
three days what's going on with your
life what you bring
do you have these days where just want
to lay in the bed and do nothing both
innocent pies maybe I had like one or
two or three of those days maybe it was
just that deep okay let's just get into
a girl because this has been a hot-ass
mess and what about the hair on my head
it is Tony Daley I don't know if the
coupon code which of Jule's e for 10%
off still works but girls is the gabe
wig it's a given you like I get this
question quite often every time I talk
about dating and relationships somebody
always comes through with that hey Josie
what do you think when Rachael dating
you think about people that are black
and woke and date outside their race
what you was you was you okay so let me
answer these questions and also remind
you smart brown girl you like the
buttons you can get shorts and you
become a smart brown girl patron because
I'm still attempting to raise five
thousand dollars this month I don't know
if it's gonna happen but you know
however close we get to it
I'm grateful so you make a PayPal
donation or you become a patron you'll
be getting these lovely buttons links
down below in description box and in the
I in this video okay I will date anybody
who's darker than me cuz I wanna have
brown baby I don't need to have any
see-through transparent funds with Chris
Brown issues I'm just not trying to deal
with that the interesting thing is that
brown people of the world are just
oppressed all over I oftentimes do to
oppression we tend to be the most
insular or ethnocentric when it comes to
dating outside of our ethnicity or a
culture because being and oppressed
people often means you'll have your
culture snatched from you or attempt it
to be taken from you or your people have
attempted to be wiped out like there has
been some sort of pogrom against you and
therefore the strongest way to hold
together that culture and to stand firm
is to marry inside of your community you
see this happen quite often through the
African Diaspora one of the easiest
things to look at probably is the ebo
people of southeast Nigeria who are very
after living in Houston for a year which
is mini Biafra bruh I understand it
though like I really don't have any
issue with the fact that as a people the
parents will are very
very very very did I say very big on
marrying with it because there was the
Biafra more and they were as the people
attempted to be suffocated out like
really they tried to starve these people
out of the country
that therefore to you know kind of push
back and reaffirm their culture and keep
the cultural values like the language
the food the dress we'll see you this
way to pass that along by marrying
within your own culture and so I
understand that for me it's kind of same
in that even though I say brown person
yeah I do want to marry another black
person because just such a strong part
of my identity
um I don't find pink dick attractive
sorry you know think about who are the
brown people of the earth it's like okay
so Southeast Asians like Indian people
Indian people are low-key I wouldn't
want to say they're racist but yeah me
beard though how the black and brown
people of the world will be super
insular about dating our own
specifically like our own ethnicity and
our own people of our own culture we
won't deal with other brown or black
folk outside of our culture but we will
like deal with the white people it's all
interesting hmm but yeah I mean if you
can find me Indian man I'd be South
Indian cuz I need that deep melanin even
though I only find silky I'm the silky I
mean I don't went through so much trauma
about having highly textured hair that I
am insisted that my children like I'm we
not we not fall into the trap to the
baby here Brigade no but yeah that's a
bit shallow that's just that's like
trivial right but if you can find me a
man a South Indian who's Americanized
cuz I won't be understanding accents I
like it'd be like what huh I'm not
ignorant as to marry came like a comma
can you repeat yourself what what you
say I got no I gotta be get on my person
there's like I know there has to be
annoying like bitch clean your ears out
no really though my ears are not
self-cleaning I really can't hear you
though I'm sorry understand that I'm
black and I'm woke he can't be a
misogynist but he could still be the
head of the household though but he has
under said we got like a forty sixty you
know ask another thing
whoa rub cuz when I was in Ghana I got a
whole lot of oh you were just
the American and I'm like what just
because you know I assert myself as a
woman like the oppression of women
outside of America appreciate how other
cultures believe that two families are
getting married like I think that's a
great idea I just don't appreciate how
the idea that the marriages have to stay
together rests on the shoulder of the
women cuz the men can get away with it
whatever they want to get away with that
yeah I mean that's a little bit rough
when you we fight I mean yeah bruh but
like ya mean find me a South Indian man
I got that good Hyderabad briyani what
breath I will learn how to speak
Gujarati real quick we could do that yes
absolutely
obviously I'm not opposed to dating
somebody from sub-saharan Africa but
again the gender roles thing is an issue
um we'll also have to have a discussion
about the food and that dried fish
seasoning it's just not coming into my
house we'll have to talk that out but I
mean I can figure out how to make a
mansion law that that food is we take it
so long to cook
you still have to wash your dishes
though if you want me to cook that you
gotta wash your dishes because I'm not
cooking that and then washing the pots
after not happening do they discussion a
lot about how do I feel about black
folks who are woke or who talk about a
lot of issues that impact black people
and them having white significant others
that my response is like why do I care
am I in her uterus and her coochie in
her bed like she's still black I mean I
honestly and I'm just promising this as
a sheet because oftentimes I feel like
you're asking me about other youtubers
of them every now and again you're
asking me about black celebrities and I
will omit I have a full-on bias when I
see black women with men outside their
race I don't really think nothing of it
because I understand as a black woman
how significantly hard it is to date
especially finding black men that
support you in your wellness girl it is
a struggle but for both genders let me
step outside of my bias for a minute
your mate doesn't take away from your
black experience not to say that I don't
take a second glance sometimes when like
I see these people going super hard for
the black community and they have a very
white blond hair blue eyed wife there's
been a
has been ingrained in this black
community for a long time about any time
a black person steps outside their race
it is that we are idolizing Europeans we
are idolizing white people and there is
some truth to that but that truth is not
universal and it's unfair to placed on
the people because some people just are
in certain environments you know it's
like David Oh Yale a whoa okay girl did
I get the that I enunciate that
correctly he is married to a white woman
now he is British Nigerian however have
you heard my man speak though he is
Shakespearean he sounds like a
Shakespearean actor when he talks I was
so I know I seen him I was like I know I
already know you probably met her in
theater school guess where they met her
in theater school when you're in that
environment that's what you're
surrounded by I don't have issues with
it as long as you're not dating outside
of your race as a castration to your own
Heritage's I mean don't forget who your
mama was and I push you out a coochie
was black so don't go slandering her
name just because you happen to be in
love with somebody who don't look like
your parent no matter how much I might
be inclined to wish that they were with
a black person one I got to check myself
like why why am I so concerned and they
still walk this earth on a day-to-day
basis as a black person Oh Jay Simpson
should I already taught you that just
cuz you marry white don't mean that you
always had to become white my finger got
snitched he had to come back to the
black woman to save him real quick did
you not watch Oh Jay 3430 the way black
love is alive and strong and I don't
expect any one individual to uphold the
identity of black love and if you feel
like black love doesn't really exist I
think you need to update your Wi-Fi
connection assist at one person that
you're you want to be mad at because
they have a white wife or a white
husband girl why are you worried about
them you worried watch ourselves
go wash your linens yeah me one last
time you change your bedsheets I don't
even know what end up popped in my head
but that's like my response to somebody
like you so I wanted to check me because
I ended up with a non-black person I'd
be like okay go wash your bedsheets and
don't worry about my
