hey guys it's jolzi and it is Veda
number nine girl is it the night is it
the 10th Oh
we're keeping up with the good keep
talking about well flood poison
relationships and make sure you thumbs
up this video and comment along cuz girl
it's going to be kind of crazy kind of
dramatic and I hope I can keep this
under 12 minutes I had to like write the
whole story out for myself just so I
could keep it linear because even I
going back through it couldn't believe
that I really like girl do you like my
hat of course I have to remind you shot
that smart brown girl calm I still have
the 15% off coupon code for the crop
tops or the mugs down below description
box and if you become a patron this
month or make a donation to my smart
brown girl PayPal all the info will be
in the description box down below I'm
trying to raise funds to cover the legal
costs to launch my own podcast for this
month of August so any support I can get
from my smart brown girls is much
appreciated is lit I love this I'm
giving you Brice until ''tis mom you
feel me
okay stop I dated a Gemini and when I
sat down to like write my notes off of
this video I realized I've actually did
two Gemini's my first and then more
recently in my more adult age I made the
stupid mistake again and dealt with a
sociopath now I know better I promise I
really really do but what Gemini's are
really good at is playing with your mind
picking at your insecurities you know
figure out what your buttons are and
kind of not just pushing them but you
know softly caressing them until they
get you into the closet boom hit you
with some fuck shit bra but I'm lucky
kind of feel bad about saying oh I'm not
gonna be any Gemini's purse because I
have a Gemini rising so I myself have
the kind of mental stimulation the high
level communication thing going on that
Gemini's do too you know we kind of we
kind of be hitting it off though and
they need
- no you know ah I was just so high in
soap opera unnecessary drama that he
manufactured himself that I had to call
Jackie I ena after and like have a key
with her like girl girl girl thought
that's what should happen post me
establishing my youtube channel even
though you know I'm a small fish in the
sea I ain't no I'm not famous like that
nothing a little bit of notoriety I do
have has definitely impacted my dating
life thinks me insecure bra like chill
not call this Negro take yes
so I met to the through a mutual friends
what really she was an acquaintance
because I had met her just after moving
to this city and she kind of hit the hit
the ground running with like you might
you might hear one of my best friends I
love you I can't live without shoe and
I'm like sis I just met you like you
know you put in a whole line into the
relationship that it takes me like five
years news with my close close friends I
love you brother
I met you like three months ago we're
gonna call her Kylie because that
reminds me of somebody who's morally
unethical okay but there was suddenly
something about Kylie that I just
couldn't trust but it wasn't enough to
dismiss her like I you know when you
move to a new city and you're like
re-establishing yourself you're trying
to be a better you and be a better
person I at the time was trying to be
more open because I can be pretty quick
to figure out whether or not I like
somebody or whether I want to allow
somebody in my personal space and I've
been told you know that I could be a
little it's not even I don't think
people call me judgmental as I could
just be a little bit more open cuz I'll
be ice shut down real quick
maybe testing out kind of the ethical
standards that I had set up for people
that I would allow in my life like
singing if I could loosen at all
actually no and this was a very
effective lesson and learning to trust
my intuition even if my way seems stuck
to others they're not highly what's up
high seas with a Virgo woman and I know
this because I literally
make everyone go talk to Sam if you cook
the I above one description box down
below I will have a link to the blog
post and video that I did with my
astrologer Sam he's though so to get
into it in like July of that year I was
in a serious funk
I was just thanked and I couldn't figure
out why I was over everything I know
when I deal nobody Kylie took it upon
herself to like try and like chipper me
uh and what it introduced me to her
other creative friends so she introduced
me to ticket we all went to happy hour
together and I just I was over it the
whole time he really put up with all my
stank nasaw happy hour and was still
very polite about it
and I wasn't even initially attracted to
him like I still don't particularly find
him attractive I thought he was very
weird but I was definitely attracted to
like his mind he's very intelligent he's
very very talented a couple weeks later
Kylie hit me up like oh well he was
close to you let's go over to his house
for like a movie night or whatever so we
go to his house was I ate pizza and I
ended up leaving my bag at his house so
of course Kylie hits me up with like oh
you left your bag at took his house
here's his number I think you two would
really hit it off like you should really
take some time to talk to him wink wink
girl get to know him wink wink
so this is where things get treacherous
I was in a new city I was bored and I
liked talking to him I liked like I
don't and I don't really find a whole
lot of people that I can keep
long-standing like our long
conversations with I already know like
even when I was talking to him I was
like brah you're a gem and I sorry I
know they getcha getcha is like where's
it at like where is it cuz I know it's
somewhere but you know I would enough to
sit on it
I'm gonna go and so we did that it was
cool so it was convenient
we liked hanging out with each other and
he knew how to talk to me enough that I
ended up liking him like I can own that
I went into something think it would
just be casual and it didn't take that
long for me to be interested in him as a
person every time I was quiet it was
like what are you thinking of what
your mind I know something's on your
mind then what's on your mind I want to
hear what's on your minds do you like me
I know you like me tell me about your
emotional self this negro invested time
like he was spent hours not even text
message
not even phone call like FaceTime or
in-person hanging out talking deeply
like having like sincere conversations
you know in it are you going to get at
me like data you open it me look to it
he called me one night and was like yo
can I come over and I said sure he's
like alright I'll be over in an hour my
neighbor does not show up
uncharacteristically like one thing I
will give to him Gemini's know how to
communicate they will communicate with
you on your level for sure he knew I
needed to be engaged he knew I needed
somebody engaging and responsive and he
met me on that so for him to not respond
or not even tell me that plans change or
whatever was wildly out of character and
I was half like I noticed somebody else
I noticed some BS but I was like half
concern until the next morning
I carry my behind up over to his job so
before I walk into his job however I
call him he finally answers and you know
what this Negro Tommy got like a muscle
spasm in like his left side and he just
laid down and like he was in so much
pain you just couldn't get anything and
he couldn't even get up to get his meds
and he just passed out and like let the
pain pass so you ain't go to the
hospital you ain't call your doctor this
minute that's like real serious he's
like nah just call my mom you know my
mom works at a hospital this I had so
many questions and he just had an answer
for everything
I still didn't I early believe it but I
passed believed it and so I was like
well I'm about to be at your job so i'ma
just come say hi to you he said okay
cool act like everything was okey-dokey
I get to his job he's still playing
along with me like yeah answer all my
questions like seriously I feel like
he's bit was in pain like he's getting
over it did it and I'm asking I'm not
letting
like my negate is good but I'm just like
you are not going to beat me at this
mind game like what is going on and then
I kind of finally give up like okay well
if you really stick you know here you
want me to get you some ibuprofen bruh
is like you know I have to tell you
something I wasn't really sick
Kylie called me the night before and I
was really upset with you okay so here's
where we have to rewind that happened on
the Monday like maybe the Thursday
before Kylie and I went out for drinks
and this whole time it's a couple of
weeks have passed she had been pressing
me continuously about oh you should
really talk to today yeah I think I
would be so great together you should
really speak to him like yeah like
really give him a chance at it I don't
kiss and tell like my business is my
business but she was like going extra
hard to say and I finally relented it
was like this you know I hit that like
it's already way and she was like oh me
too we should have a threesome yes it's
like I didn't I just I don't I did it I
may or may not have a Woking ticket at
like 3 a.m. so I could twirl into his
house literally let him know that he had
that I knew that he I slept with Kylie
and twirl back out and carry my bhai hoe
I may or may not have hit the petty
dramatic by it but at this point I know
you're saying I hope you blocked the
both of them like cut these Negroes off
and go Kylie told me that she had made
to promise me he would not tell me that
they had slept together in the past
like it wasn't recent turns out they
weren't as good a friend as I thought
because two tickets point he said he he
also said Kylie made me promise you and
I'm really upset at her for telling you
that way because I wanted to tell you
and she was like oh D about me not
telling you and I'm like y'all was
talking about me
he did hit it but the way he hit to that
when Kylie come in today and hooked up
in the past I was like oh my mindlessly
told her that that explains why he had
asked me about her sex life because his
way of hinting at it was to go down this
list of men and ask me if she has slept
with them and I might have told him
maybe a name or two because she had
actually mentioned it when we were at
his house that she had hooked up with
these people who were married and you
know they all knew each other whatever
whatever so I said to her oh that's why
he explained to me asking me about all
these other Negroes and she got mad it
was just messy but then she was like
well don't cut him off for me I promise
this was all my fault
I promise I did this telling you this
Asian explained why are you dealing with
this J what you're playing it like how
you dumb I was that was a moment of
stupidity I will give it to you but fast
4head back to that Monday where tikkas
tell him he talked to Kylie and
apparently she had called him pissed
about him asking me about her sex life
somehow as he presented it it was she
threw you under the bus and told me all
your business now remember I never
really trusted this chick to begin with
she didn't know none of my business to
tell him so he says something about Oh
Jules 'is not who she is online she's
not like how she's on YouTube she's not
as nice and real-life she don't know how
to interact with people in real life
first of all would you even characterize
me as nice on YouTube like come on sign
brah I'm like be like literally this
this is me I have a peculiar personality
yes I can be mmm it was a bunch of BS
like I don't know how to I'm lonely I
don't know how to interact with people
I'm not nice I've never been in a
relationship like girl where but why
would she say all those things
unprovoked like how does she call you
upset and somehow the conversation flip
to
what's wrong with jolzi you put a
battery in her back I know who said
something what did you say to her and he
was like it doesn't even matter what I
said to her and matters that she as your
friend who's always in your face talking
about she love you is willing to say
nice things about you in the first place
I'm in mind how you get me like what day
I meet you right but you're not right
like what is that you know what you
don't like a lot of people and you
finally like warm up to somebody you
know how you'd be unwilling to just like
cut them off even when they pretension
with a platter of hot bullshit that was
me that was me in that moment so later
in the week me and Kylie go out to lunch
she hits me up some I love you I miss
you I've been going through it
emotionally Gregg I someone she can trip
on you
let's do lunch I'm treating you to lunch
so we go to lunch I feel like this is
her time to to vindicate herself I'm
gonna give her opportunity to explain
herself because when she hit me up she
also was like yo I really want to advise
you to stop talking to ticket like I
really feel like you should cut him off
so when I meet for her at lunch I'm like
trying to get out of her like like what
do you have against him like you went
from like really trying to push me
towards him begging me to forgive him
and taking blame for this guy to not
love us saying you need to stop talking
to him siga also had an ex will call her
today
so the x-gen a right he had like they
were in a serious serious relationship
he and I had already had a conversation
about her like first of all I like him
but I like him enough for convenience I
don't like him enough that this is the
guy that I was from the rest of my life
with I know he had a girlfriend I
actually had mutual friends with janae
and so I know how serious he told me the
relationship was and I was like what
would you ever try to get back with her
and he was like you know if she's if
she's willing to warm up to me I can't
say no and I was like alright well if
she popped back in your life you know
just you know ex me out like bade me to
black grub and today and I have mutual
friends so I already knew that she was
not entertaining him at all but that's
what Kylie tried to hit me with oh he
went to Jenny's house he's been trying
to get back with her and he sent her
this gift and yadda yadda yadda I know
this was all lies right
but she flat out at this lunch when I
said so what's the last time what's the
last time you went to the talked oh girl
I haven't talked to him in like a month
and a half but I haven't talked to him
since leg girl it has to be like since
we're at his house
oh you haven't talked to him recently
like you ain't talked to him this past
Monday like this past Sunday you ain't
talked to him you had a comment you sure
you haven't even seen him like just
around on the street on a train on a bus
you ain't you ain't seen him at all nah
girl really I really haven't like I
haven't talked in my haven't seen him at
all flat out lied to my face that person
hasn't told me how much she loves me and
she can't live without me not to be
trusted I kind of play along I don't let
her know that I know what I know and I
just figure you know that's a
relationship loss I'm just gonna fade
her out and she pretty much verified
everything that this manipulative ass
negro tickets out me but I'm still gonna
be I'm gonna be cool on him too
I'm trying to be chill about my
relationship with ticket but like
literally everything I do is wrong
he got into a real serious funk for work
he was earning on this big project
invested a lot in this project he put
all his hope in this project and I had
told him it's too early to put this much
hope in it I mean give it your all but
just don't put all your eggs in one
basket cuz you know people hear me shady
bruh and just be on me like I know you
think this is your breakthrough but like
just chill
chocho shit like chip take it one step
at a time of course the project fell
through like flat on his face like
really really hurt his feelings
you know what you were creative and
you're dealing with other creatives and
you'd be feeling like you know what it
is I was just trying to be considerate
of what he had going on but what I don't
do is emotional abuse and it quickly
started to feel like emotional of you
one time I tried to call him and like
cuz I wouldn't talk about something I
had going on that I was working on like
this project that I had just picked up
and I was super excited about and he
flat out said to me I don't want to talk
it was rude and think about it so I'm
like okay click then calls me the next
day on FaceTime like everything is OK
and once I sit up here and talk to me
for 3 or 4 hours about the product he's
working on
going on with his day sorry excuse you
me so we're just gonna act like a day or
two ago you weren't dismissive of me
like don't talk to me like I'm needy
ocher he yelled aggressively at me like
violently like if I was in his presence
I would not have felt safe and then he
comes like full circle back around on
something like trying to joke and Kiki
insta call and it just sat bad in my
spirit all day so that night like 3
o'clock in the morning I sent him like a
thorough email because that's what I do
when I'm breaking up with somebody or
cutting them off I put it in writing and
I send them an email I'm not really good
at expressing my emotions verbally but I
can do it excellently and writing and
you know you know geminizers helots
haven't ate like that i supposes these
niggles be souping up their iPhones you
know this negro hit me back with
eloquent syntax and vernacular on my
level like peace for peace took
everything I said and threw it back at
me and told me how I ain't shit ain't
ever gonna be shit and what was
everlasting wrong with me like I have
never in my life has somebody respond on
that level back to me you like you know
I hit him with be blessed and may you
prosper in the energy that you give out
to others nope he hit me with the by
ashy but you're okay great that's the
end and then later that day at like 3
p.m. I check my ask if n where you can
ask me anonymous questions I no longer
have it lyin there was a message with my
full home address
apartment number everything full home
address if you respond it would publicly
like tweet out and post on my facebook
page or whatever and so I deleted it but
I was like how does somebody find my
address like this is crazy
then the next message was Judy is not
nice she doesn't know how to interact
with people in real life she's not who
she claims to be on YouTube I'm just
using her to get my business out so says
the guy whose house you went to for a
movie night with Kylie bye take a
screenshot of it and I sent it to ticket
and I was like yo I know we ended things
already but this is clearly coming from
your camp
I don't do chow
shit nip this in the bud quickly Thanks
immediately calls me so I answer because
I am stupid oh this is my ex she's
obsessed with you
we'll call the ex Chloe how does Chloe
know who I am because Mia ticket we
don't have no public record of us
together anyway we do not interact with
each other on the Internet there is no
connection between the two of us so
where would Chloe have found out about
me yet hmm sorry oh I told her about you
so you were talking about me you know
why I can't even get mad because you and
I already done so let's sweet answer
Nick to shit in / in the conversation
then I'm talking to my mom
let's do face times me and my mother
gives me horrible advice and tells me
answered the FaceTime my mother stay
trying to give me this talk of my
gangster because she's concerned about
my uterus till my show I still love you
though
so I answer and when I tell you this
Negro Tigger looked hurt like his eyes
is bloodshot
I could tell like him corresponding to
me via email and meeting me on my level
took a lot out of him like he it was
girl and he immediately started going in
on his ex Chloe yo she's crazy if she
dies I wouldn't even feel sorry for her
I want to go to her mom's house right
now and tell her how wack her daughter
is complaining about how she was when
they were dating like how she screwed
him over and how she was manipulative
and everything he did was wrong and I
was like my doesn't this sound a lot of
like what you're projecting onto me do
you not feel like you carry baggage
around from previous relationships you
know this new girl hit me with the know
because I'm self-aware enough to not
allow past relationships and impact
other relationships you have an
unconquerable emotional soft my nigga
spit Invictus then out of nowhere he
asked what is a question that I've asked
you that you weren't ready for the
answer for so I didn't tell you let me
repeat that what is the question that
you've asked me that I didn't give you
the answer for because I knew you
ready girl now this don't make no kind
of sense is shenanigans with some BS
like I already know this is mind games
because when we first started talking I
had told him that one communication is
big for me and then right next to that
is honesty I only asked questions that I
am ready for any answer for so don't
tell me what I want to hear tell me what
the actual truth is don't be worried
about my feelings Nero don't don't do it
don't do me like that so he already knew
what he was doing by asking me the
question like that well why can't you
just be direct with me like what are you
getting at like why are you playing
games Oh cuz it's more fun that way so
it's not hanging up because I'd be the
smart thing to do but you know I got
that Gemini rising that be interested
when somebody challenges me in that
tourist moon that means I put in a good
fight for every relationship Oh got it
Scott I gotta be more of a gangster but
I picked up my handy dandy hand
microphone and started to record the
conversation turns out him and Chloe had
gone to the movies that weekend mind you
this is Monday the same day where we had
the email exchange early in the morning
that weekend when I had called him he
brushed me off they had gone to see the
movie that I had been bugging him back
about for the past couple of weeks are
you telling me this like why is he even
matter oh because she tried to like get
at me try to bump the pelvic bones with
me try to do the adult with me and I
didn't give in and I finally broke the
cycle what you want to be man but it
ain't even worth it because like what
does it matter like we're already done
like why are you even telling me this
like I already knew you like bruh you
just like to manipulate things you are
you are manufacturing what didn't even
it ain't even working my work I don't
even need to explain this to you because
I'm not going to deal with you any
longer like we've already nip this in
the bud this morning why am I even on
face time with you and I'm just I'm kind
of processes because like I've never
dealt with this level of drama on my
life like what is this why are you doing
this and I'm just sitting here in a spot
man like I don't hang up because I don't
I can't believe that somebody could be
this divisive penny start Amy oh you're
emotionally confused you can't ever
figure out your reaction like look how
calm you are what's wrong with you why
are you so calm I know you're upset why
are you trying to hide yourself I was
like broad wait wait wait wait Chu we
not even gonna play tennis we're already
done like what is like I don't even get
the point of you telling me it's like
why are you telling me this like
literally on the call I still have the
recorder so many times does like flip it
and makes them offhand comment because
he used to always do this to me claim
that I'm the one doing all the talking
in the conversation and like when he's
ready to end it he always gives me with
the passionate sigh here listen you two
talk forever like you just love to talk
you'd be doing all this talking I gotta
go get work done look at you taking up
all my time I hit him with that what
actually I have a recording of it right
now we could play it back you know it
counts the minutes on and if you want to
take record of it what you actually
recorded the conversation I mean yeah I
called your bluff so that we end the
conversation and Brahe's discuss there
so I go back and listen to it because
another thing Gemini's like to do it's
issue with that you say X Y Z and you
swear up and down leg actually no I did
not say that no absolutely actually you
just say that no I didn't say that and
they be so vehement that you start to
question your own sanity you start to
believe them you forget that you you'll
be questioning your own memory bruh and
he would stay doing that to me like I
absolutely did not say that like I know
what I said I met what I said Bronco B
talk about whereabouts like no but they
don't back down they are say B they be
strong in a shenanigans and a lies but
and of course in the conversation here
try to do that with me and I finally
caught it I finally caught it in a
record and I was like aha
you see I didn't say that in this nigger
I was manipulative and clearly he is
suppressed like he got something
emotional going on the ain't got nothing
to do with me he needs to handle this he
need to figure it out he to see a
therapist maybe if I send this to him
you'll have an awakening moment I may be
able to try to be petty
because aha so I emailed it to him and
he hit me back with no bridges were
burned because no bridges existed oh
okay
bye you think this is the guy right till
the next day he texts me
can we talk I have something to tell you
now if your ex ever hits you up after
you guys have had a not-so-good or
positive ending it will always let you
know what they want to speak about to
ensure that you understand that it's
worth your while into your benefit like
if you that if your ex has positive
intentions and hitting you up to speak
they'll let you know what they want to
discuss otherwise if they every trip
with that big oh can we talk do you have
time to talk to me you're just walking
into an emotional meeting that you do
not deserve as I didn't respond
15 minutes later is knee gonna shut with
my front door and stands there for like
ten minutes
now I live by myself I'm so spooked like
his he was like peeking around knocking
on my door and I'm just saying we just
like we ended like nah you ain't shit I
ain't shit no you ain't shit no you're
rude bye ashy so why are you at my door
right now Dini answer then as soon as he
leaves I bust out the house to go meet
with my homegirls and I'm just like
creeped out like I could not stay in my
house he texts me
Oh or I guess we can't talk and I'll
just figure out what to do with this
information I have about Chloe you
really should've on my house unannounced
to talk to me about your crazy ex who
you run into my life why didn't I tell
you to handle that why I gotta know
about it just deal with it
bye no not interested I call that ends
with Tigger I ended up having dinner
with Kylie because she can't she pops
back up again on the fact I love you
friend I miss you bran Arthur has so
much drama going on that's why we
haven't actually talked I was like oh
she doesn't even realize that I'm not
talking to her okay well now that I'm
done with this dude I'm finally gonna
hit her with that I know what she says
even her reaction is so we have dinner
and I try to give her a chance to come
clean with me again she doesn't so I
finally tell that I know you went to get
had a conversation I know you said XYZ
about me why did you do that she
apologized profusely but then says that
she only said part of the things and a
lot of things he told me where things he
actually said about me and I'm just like
trauma whoo it went this brought this
boy this grown-ass man manufactured a
whole so proper around me like I
literally was his personal YouTube soap
opera and that doesn't vindicate Kylie
because she played right into it and as
somebody supposedly loves me as a friend
why would you do that you had an actual
incident that you could have told me
about that would have caused me to stop
dealing with him like if you really
cared about me that would have been
nothing and I had to confront her after
the fact in order to get it out of her
and she would not let me leave without
accepting her apology so I accepted her
apology just to get the conversation
over but I knew at that point like I
can't trust that I loved you the I care
about you that you're my friend like
that don't mean nothing so there is no
moving forward there is no being friends
again after this and that was the last
time I spoke to her I cut them both off
and I thought that would be the end of
it girl
why two months later do I get a message
on my personal Facebook account subject
line hi jolzi then I check my email and
I realized this girl we'll call her
Chyna this girl messaged me and cc'd all
five of my email addresses and all four
Tikas email addresses like all of them
and she was hot because she and ticket
had had a casual relationship it wasn't
serious but they were hooking up and for
whatever reason she cut him off because
he pulled that Gemini fuck-boy stuff for
her too and then the next day she gets
an anonymous message on facebook from
somebody giving intimate details
something about her giving him head or
something in the relationship so
typically because I'm already dead it
dude
I would not entertain this but she was
so upsetting me because when she
presented it to ticket he was like oh
that's my ex Chloe and she did the same
thing to Jersey wait why would you do it
with Julie you've always dog Julie out
like I know you and Julie you've met her
but you were always telling me how she
ain't shit and how she don't like she
don't know how to deal with people or
whatever so why would your exodus to
Jersey you slept with her - so he tried
to play it off or whatever and because
she cc'd him on the email and he's a
Gemini and he knows that
Dibley and provoke and start drama I
knew he was going to reply on her level
in order to elicit a response from her
and go toe-to-toe with her so I called
her just to tell her like girl chill
don't worry about it like I don't even
care because I'm already done with him
I've been done with him for like two
months now I have no interest in going
back it is what it is I'm not surprised
I had seen a picture of her before
because they had worked on a product
together and I had said yo I hit that so
I know you try and he was like nine nine
knowledge professionals work I don't mix
work with my personal life all right sir
so when she confirmed that I wasn't
really that surprised but I just wanted
to let her know like you know sisters
assisted out of sisterhood hermana
hermana yo who cares if like how dumb
would he look if he rolled up to your
job to tell your boss that you sucked
his dick like yeah and I lift the balls
too and he liked it like come on we're
adults it was a consensual relationship
like that's petty that's juvenile when
people start doing the oh I did this and
that sexual act with you it was
consensual between two adults it don't
matter
don't let him play you like that and
don't let him hang it over you like that
so when he replies to you don't respond
because he's just provoking you and he
will spend time going back and forth
with you cuz he did it to me and I fell
into that trap so I'm just pulling about
the Traxxas I'm pulling you out and
letting you know he and got nothing over
you girl be blessed to cut him off and
just block him from your life I hang up
the phone with her we had a little
sister to sister Kiki she was like thank
you I needed that I really appreciated
it girl you're gorgeous flourish in life
everything won't work out for you I
think you're a very beautiful person and
clearly a beautiful soul it's
unfortunate this thing girl manipulated
his way into your life I'm sorry for the
both of us um so he responded and this
new girl has the nerve the nerve at the
end of the email to set after he dogs
Chyna out like threw her under the bus
need to take 30 bass like came for her
in the same language that she had
approached him this dude was good like
the militant down bad I have to give it
to him he had time and the mental to get
at you and and said jolzi you know I in
the Angels II out of all of this
basically fu China but Josey I had mad
respect for you because you never came
at me and malice sure like are you crazy
you crazy
so China hit him back with a snarky ass
one liner high five six like yeah I
replied all inside this Negro sociopath
tried to create a soap opera but he got
a limited reach and nobody watch it be
blessed to walk away and never look back
revel in that and then I thought I had
message her like girl get you a sage
stick and smudge that every boy energy
out your homegirl
I don't did it already let's move on I
say my sister you know he replied with
all that glad you two were able to talk
and hash it out and really don't engage
in a tip for tat penny for petty you
know he got so far with me because I
like the mental gymnastics and I was
going back and forth with him tread
lightly with the Gemini's i'ma tell you
to just say no sis and stand firm on
your ground you know you best the more
on the story and the end is don't ever
let any man woman anybody in a
relationship make you feel like you need
to have the patience and understanding
that they are unwilling to give you
Gemini are not girl but if you Gemini
think twice let me know if you had any
crazy interactions dealing stories with
any of the zodiac sign especially if
it's been a Gemini or a Pisces they
crate or a Scorpio girls so many but I'm
out see you tomorrow
you
