I wasn't I've done this oh man
I'm live let's see if this actually
works this is so it's always a let's see
if this actually works oh yes okay I'm
here so I missed Veda yesterday all
right let's start this over
Katie dude up there hey guys it's Jules
E Veda number five I know
today is August 6 because I missed Veda
yesterday and now I'm not stopping I
will be catching up I probably do two
videos tomorrow or Sunday but I wanted
to do a live video today because I just
don't have the time to edit a video like
I don't want to keep putting out kind of
half-baked content hello from Dallas hi
London so I want to do a little bit more
insightful content for the next three
weeks so I just need today to reset and
get it together so excuse you me I'm
sorry but we'll get back into the flow
of things tomorrow so I figured I would
just do a quick live Q&A and yeah y'all
can really ask me whatever y'all want
and I will answer yesterday I did not do
a video girl I made the dumbest a go
wash your head in colors uh-uh
and then today I was waiting um I got
smart brown girl caps and new colors and
I was hoping to get all of them because
I wanted to do something special in a
video but I have Carolina blue and
somebody asked about charcoal black
charcoal gray girl so I have these and I
ordered mock-ups just about all the
colors that I'm selling now and so I'm
waiting on the rest of them to get here
like four packages is once again the
mail today and I am like they're all not
they were not in my mailbox today you
know what I knew it was trash before I
watched it but I watched it because so
many people including black women were
countering me on it not being trash
about it being so in sight
intelligent and explaining so much to
them and about how can I be against
historical facts and I'm just like
alright so I was when I watched it
thinking I would a thinking I would look
I knew it was gonna be bad but I did not
know what's going to be bad to that
level like it was it was just girl it
was so offensive I just don't like I'm
really questioning the the a whole lot
of anybody who watched that and thought
it was good and didn't and could just
overlook the blatant misogyny and
homophobia but they didn't say a good or
positive thing about black women and the
entire two hours that first one brother
I watched the first one I might go and
watch all four just so I can have
something to say when these hopes have
asked me because if you do that's the
problem if I do a video on it a review
of it like the level of like hate that
they have against black women it's a lot
to take and you can't argue with dumb I
mean they really be trying to argue with
you I mean like no mmm okay so let's see
what y'all ask them why is my skin so
clear I absolutely do eat pork I don't
know because I drink a lot of water
genetics
hmm I was talking about hidden colors
what I suggest any plants that predict I
don't even know the name of my house
plants I'm surprised that I've had them
since March and they haven't died
they're quite Brown though and drooping
I don't know if I'm taking the best care
of my plants we're spend forty bucks on
them they still last I guess I'm doing
okay girl passed the misogyny in hidden
colors it's like hella and inaccurate
like even though historical facts in it
just they're not that's not factual
actually I have watches I guess I don't
really do conspiracy theories you know I
think a lot of that stuff is like half
troops and
I'll watch the Olympics when black
people will start appearing on the TV
screen the follow up with that
oh they got married and I think she's
pregnant I don't know if they had a baby
or not there is it I don't know why
y'all be treating me like I'm travel
advisor calm or yo further Jamaican
swathi yes there's one called Elaine's
it's not consistently good though my
nightly skincare routine is to go to
sleep
actually I promise I promise y'all
YouTube in the advent of the beauty guru
on YouTube really got people thinking
that there is a product for everything
and like half the people on here are
mediocre as fuck with like of one
particular Q quality about them that
people feed into that's genetically
imposed like well I will genetically
have a certain quality of hair or
genetically have long fingernails and
then be selling you all these products
in between to get what they genetically
have
I'm not going to promote some
misogynistic bullshit so we're not gonna
continue this conversation about what
it's about it's about black men who hate
black women that's what's about and yes
the man who produces it also does a
Negro bed wrench award as in the term
Negro bed wench refers to slave women
who were used to kind of procreate and
were raped you know all day long so that
they can have babies so the slave
masters would have more children and
he's giving this award to black women in
2016 I would visit Barbados yes crap
over just happened what last week maybe
I'll catch you next year
Alice you're all you're gonna be in
Beyonce's band girl that what you saying
huh that's like a really big deal tell
crazy I said what's that do I follow
black female musicians as in people that
play instruments I don't actually that's
a lie I follow quite a from trumpet
players none of who are women um no I'm
not actually that tuned into who are
like the outside of like the guitar
player I mean well Beyonce has an
all-female band on purpose and she's put
a lot of work into that but other than
that I'm not really familiar with any
musicians that are women who are I don't
know is there a black woman going for
the MacArthur award mm put me on um no I
don't watch black and sexy TV not
because it's not good I just don't have
VidCon I got these friends in New York
City on a side street okay let's see
let's see I'm sorry I gotta scroll up to
answer some of these questions y'all
coming in strong shout out to the
Nigerian and that would be the first in
history on the rowing team
are they on Nigeria's rowing team or any
like America Europe but there's a
Nigerian every country so I can't even
guess what country that would be in they
might be like Singapore's rocket Abelson
Saudi Arabia's rowing to you is there
any opportunity I wish I had taken on
the course of my youtube career no is
there opportunities I wish I had not
taken absolutely I wish I would never
had a manager um girl he found it work
because people be people be gagging over
black man like that's just they get away
with so much BS sometimes just really
makes it a black woman could not could
not pull that same style I just got the
Android today and I don't know how this
thing works like how do you think the
phone call so stupid
what CB TV series am I looking forward
to this fall I'm currently enjoying
power sorry I gotta take a sip of my
alkaline water give me a minute I like
power
I like Game of Thrones else do i watch
blackish um the TV show I did a whole
review on every episode and I can't oh
be Mary Jane absolutely I'm super
excited for that and then the you know
the other one why do I not remember
underground
yes that's what oh yes what do I think
of the current game stuff mana good I
did a whole video on hello what finally
push you to make the lead to do smart
brown girls um because I was something
after community you know something I had
wanted to do so I just do why'd you
leave Houston girl personal reasons yes
actually there's an article that I
currently have opened about the refugee
Olympic team isn't the first time
they're doing it I know last one that
they did the London Olympics they had it
wasn't a refugee team but it was a kind
of like people from countries that
weren't like recognized I guess cuz like
Somalia doesn't have a team right but
Somalian athletes to participate in
Olympics and so there's there wasn't
like a special team for it but like
people from those types of countries I'm
eating currently pretzel chips they're
like lower in fat and really expensive
but I got them so I mean it well I
watched 11 Hip Hop Hollywood because
Safari is on it I might like check it
out but I'm really kind of like right I
like me on my mental space that I had
and that kind of stuff is just so low
barometer I'm kind of over it
can we support the black lives matter
movement and watch shows like Love & Hip
Hop I don't see why not
why is saying that we need to change the
policies that have upheld the balances
of oppression upon marginalized groups
why that would counter somebody watching
ghetto television my turbans are from
the rap light oh my gosh why did it just
bounced you guys are asking so many
questions um thank you I'm going to be
committed to doing this Veda and getting
it poppin when is the next meeting great
girl what you want what you're gonna do
stare at each other I got a
meet-and-greet before I moved out here
and people didn't shut up so that ruined
it for all y'all know I'm sorry I'm
really trying to get a podcast off the
ground speaking of I need you out a
donate to my patreon only for this month
i legit need to raise like $5,000 3,000
of that just to go to lawyer fees bruh
like it's all seriousness if you want a
podcast for me at least do like a one
I'm gonna do a whole video explaining
this but yeah or by a shit ton of stuff
from smart brown girl and would I ever
do a video discussing credit budgeting
in the go shading page yeah when I get
my ish together what advice would you
give a friend who's being consistently
cheated on by her man who she is living
with and has no I don't know what WH is
um I would buy my own business that's
what I would actually do and I would
probably stop being friends with her
cause she's I mean this is this is
horrible to say but I honestly I don't
believe that women are that dumb that
men can get away with consistently
cheating on them without them having any
knowledge of it there is a certain level
of willful ignorance that comes into
play there and then either having a
severe insecurity or something else and
unless dollars super stupid clothes are
less New Orleans
sacrifice your friendship with them cuz
I don't honestly think there's any way
to tell a grown woman who is think who
thinks she's in a committed relationship
with someone about how her man ain't
shit and you still come out on top
nah brah you that's just missing I
probably wouldn't say nothing I just be
that girl and we'll stop hanging our umm
I did not watch HD 4 I watched hc1 where
do I hate most about it all of it I hate
that y'all think that that's intelligent
I've done videos about how astrology
benefits me and rays are trash
with nowhere to go with her son oh
that's why she's still with him again I
mean I don't know offer her a place to
stay offer her a solution to why she's
staying with somebody who ain't worth it
now I have not started watching stranger
things on that place I just finished
season one of mr. robot and I'm being
told I need to watch season 2 but again
I don't know Tommy Sotomayor cursing on
black women out during an accident why
do i watch that trash you know he don't
like black women he's blatantly told
y'all that him continually doing content
against black women makes them a lot of
money why would y'all continue to
support that he don't even exist to me I
don't think no I don't say him no mind
no how you get away with murder
um you know I mean I'm happiness coming
back on keep-keep viola viola keep her
here and pay well I'll be watching ooh
girl I heard Oh a queen sugar I will be
watching I heard really good but I'm a
my a my a TV reviewer do I talk about
other things it's just like so much
media to consume and I'm just like I
need to like stimulate my mind other
ways
any good accurate doc these suggestions
oh you know I think that's why I hidden
colors get so far it's movie format and
most every other thing I can think of
it's probably gonna be like a podcast
audio or you have to read um movies are
easy to watch this is passive listening
and you can kind of pick and choose from
it what you want
this you this Netflix documentary this
is a documenting on Netflix I forget the
name of it but it's about there's one
about lying and then there is one that's
currently up it's like trending about
the economy it doesn't exclusively focus
on black folk though but it's pretty
insightful revisionist history by
Malcolm Gladwell he did a three-part
series about kind of education and money
and it's not directly about the black
community but I think there is a lot
that you can extrapolate from it that
speaks to issues that we as the black
community face and kind of how complex
they are in trying to solve them now
asking is there any good natural hair
youtubers
has everyone forgotten that Flint still
needs water forgotten I've been
following it but they are they're very
have steady donations of water coming in
yes I am going to Thailand next you guys
can all come with me check out one love
Travel Club anybody book people coming
it's me and Evelyn from the internet are
hosting a trip to northern Thailand in
November and you guys are all invited to
come I did see the video about the
Jamaican teams hotel conditions at the
Olympics um you know the politics of
Brazil are quite interesting so I'm
totally not surprised who's fallen he
falls who
serge ibaka that's the only finding
right now just think he's bouncing every
time like I get a surge okay there's
like the same standard questions you
will be asking me and I wanna know what
rock do you think I live under do I
listen to the repo guys brother
I get every time I go on snapchat
literally like twice a week somebody
asked me on Facebook on Twitter I had
swapped about sets
why would I not listen or be unaware of
some people who are very popular that
exists the same spear and me what every
it's always where you get your glasses
from you there's not it's not a place
you can buy these from and I wear these
glasses often I would have same hair
wrath is from the rap life I use the
same products and I already done two
videos on two three years ago I mean if
you're new I understand but if you're
not new them sighing you y'all asking me
how I watch all these white people
television show psiphon Game of Thrones
what do I think shows like lemon hip hop
at Empire the website she's a black boat
um but why should I worry about them
being representations of black folk do i
watch intervention and think that or
rural house in New York or out County
and think these are representations of
white people do I think all why folks
are train wrecks so why do all of a
sudden black folks become this monolith
that's always defined by the least
common denominator content that's out
there so long long answer no there
aren't the representations of black
people but they also they're not meant
to be reference agents of black folk
it's entertainment it's a soap opera
it's messy but there's plenty of messy
content about white folk and ain't no
right so or one who would act like that
honey booboo was ghetto is and I feel
like that was all white folk what what
do you think of gossip YouTube channels
that talk about other youtubers you know
I've noticed lately that those have
become a lot more popular and I'm just
like what's what's the long game and
it's like what are you kind of do I mean
I guess they have jobs outside of
YouTube and they don't I don't know I
what does that speak to me as a person
that I am so invested in other people's
business you can keep up I mean I get it
drama is interesting it's not I don't
tune into some of these things but it is
also very much so about it's a little
worrisome that because YouTube is only
the viewership is very young for the
most part that young people are being
stimulated or excited by so much
negativity based on other people's like
real lives I don't I don't get it I'm
not a part and I'm mmm I met a gossip
youtuber yeah beautycon and she was
talking to Jackie I eaten they were
having a little Kiki moment but Jackie
super-sweet Jackie will talk to anybody
but that's why she's as big as she is me
on the other hand I did ask but the girl
was like oh I know what kind saying you
do okay you have a great day sis I'm
going to move myself in the conversation
and walked away because it was a sight
will you ever go to Somalia probably not
but I definitely would like to go to
Kenya for sure what did I think of
Seattle Seattle was very very very
beautiful I'm actually happy that I went
thank you for supporting two patreon
what time is it in London like two
o'clock in the morning
a podcast about what though but why are
you asking a question like that
what the heck with the Pug has to be
about I don't even like what you ask
that
tips for incoming college freshmen I'm
gonna I'm going to do a week of cot whoa
maybe not a week has already did two
videos on college but maybe two three
more videos in this month about college
for tips for college people and then
people graduating as well am i accepting
my gap now or do you still want to get
it close the gap just happened in the
past two years and I'm probably gonna
get it closed what is your favorite book
I'm the same ones I did in my lick list
that I have two of what do I think of
the videos of the constant ice cream to
buy one set of tickets um I'm actually
quite offended by them I mean not quite
what I do find them like I it say mmm
like no that's not doing nothing and if
anything I watch it and it's like you
can see that that black girl was clearly
scared even the way no office I mean no
sir it was like she was real like and it
made me really sad but this is the world
that we now live in where we are
constantly bombarded with these negative
images and rather than seeking to create
real policy change because effectively
walls have to be created cuz and that's
when I realized going through my small
claims case there's not a law there's
not as many laws as we think to govern
Society there are quite a few laws to
keep poor people in check and by poor
people I mean poor black folk in check
but you get into it and there's a lot of
laws are set up for such broad
interpretation that we're now at a time
where become the way society's going we
have to change this policy or create
policy and it's not gonna be solved by
stopping women to give them ice cream
cones the last book I read
was right here teaching my mother how to
give birth by Warsong Shire the girl
that did the poetry she's a British
Somali it's a book of poetry or like
short prose um then I went against my
old manager neither of us won I've
talked about this before and I discussed
that I I'm waiting to do a video on it
speak on degrading music and shows in
the black community and I mean just be
mindful of what you support what else is
there to say is this stuff ever gonna
stop me I don't think I think language
has definitely changed the the access to
this stuff has increased and it's
heightened and it has become more
popular but I don't know that the
grading content has ever not been a
thing in society right it's just the
acceptance of it and people kind of
being mindless about the messages that
they are constantly absorbing iPhone is
too simple for your taste
okay so i'ma let you oh I don't like ice
not the pad away how to get away with
murder the storylines not linear it's
like all over the place just at what
point do we just jump the shark
I am always grateful to help people
become woke we don't we're not born that
way we have to become come into our
woofmans no I don't think how to get
away with murder is problematic I just
think the storyline is not that good the
camera on the Samsung Galaxy is enough
to never when I found that is a lie girl
unless you like my snapchats look like I
should be in the 1992 rerun of Martin I
mean this this is this is really bad
this is not it's this is not better
iPhone absolutely not
right I do not trust your visual
judgment
yeah I'll come talk about dr. CV um I
feel like that's some hotep negro let me
Google let me do my Google's doctor
subbing look I could do better talking
about you implants and stuff after being
arrested huh I'm gonna wait for more
details
oh the herbalist sky yeah no rest in
peace if he's mean that's the way did I
see the terrible natural hair show
makeover on The Today Show yes I
actually know Deepika I have talked
about her in my videos
what do I think about the message he is
sending across Beyonce and freedom to
light or needs to go deeper on freedom
and what it means to the African women
um if you're referring to freedom watch
her lemonade album I did an entire
cultural analysis on the lemonade album
it's here on YouTube I don't know why
Beyonce would need to go any deeper
because see Beyonce is not carrying the
burden of all black women on her back
there people have different means and
different you know purposes in our life
and I don't know why we expect one
person to be all things what it jumped
again oh I have somebody from
Scandinavia oh that's crazy well well
did I hear about vic mensa being accused
of stealing from Barney the purple
dinosaur that I love you You Love Me
we're a happy family or you mean bar
needs a store actually like one of his
old songs when 2012 so now I haven't
kept up with any drama that's happening
well let's scroll up and scroll down
thing skydiving bungee jumping or
keeping my feet on the ground
whoo can you do another life after
college video you mean that that um the
the grown-ups guy that I did with maker
studio um I just sent them an email last
week telling them that I will no longer
I will not be renewing my contract so
the likelihood of that high level
production happening anytime soon
girl you know I ain't got enough baby
here so he would be checking on you like
that why don't more people protection
and stock with unwed mothers
there's no now way other races are
having more sex
work on your syntax before we try to
come up with women how about that why
did you leave the natural hair community
because I did a video on it and I
explained
my sense actually that video was
unlisted no aunty Wow but I didn't want
to have to worry about my hair all the
time it's like natural hair is so vapid
and shallow like how many twists out
tutorials and I like do my hair to style
it I even do a flat twist with perm rods
or a bantu knot or flat twists and bantu
knot like in and it's all about
upselling and how many people stay
consistent with that natural hair all
the natural hair youtubers have all son
discovered themselves and been all about
sisterhood and offering intellectual
content for their followers in the past
year so so what I need to go back to
grad school how you knew that your
degree is what you need it to pursue I'm
I knew that I needed to not have Sally
made blowing my phone up that's why I
got a graduate degree otherwise if you
know what you want to do and you know
someone who is doing something similar
to what you think you want to do reach
out ask them talk to them about it and
that's how you figure out where you I
mean you know what point should I get my
MBA and I realized that it wasn't really
what I needed to do there but I did that
by reaching out to other people who had
one of the programs that I was
interested in talking people that were
in roles that I would like to be in and
there's that what do I think of the
Wendy Williams scandal I have Wendy's
trash actually talked about her in pop
star if you weren't living in Dallas
where would you move so star G back his
bedroom the friendzone yes I was in the
friend zone can I explain in my own
unique way what is a hotel and eight
should ask Negro whatever I want them to
be in the moment a home tab is someone
that believes
in April centrist theory they believe in
rewriting the all the historical
greatness in the context of black people
doing it or being there it's essentially
black men and their followers who want
to rewrite the olds of oppression that
white men put on to the whole world as
black men doing it that's the hotel
hotel is people who think that Robert
Mugabe is some sort of like freedom
fighter in 2016 who misappropriate
history to make it look like black folk
are just the greatest ever because we
don't have enough actual history to
actually win from we do they just don't
know how to read books to go find it one
of my thoughts on the face book we like
the face book simply deleting Korean
gains videos you know i'm not i think
it's there's a there's larger
implications to how they react in this
situation but nah I don't think Korean
is the first time they've done that I
think it's the first time they've done
it is gotten media attention and again
there aren't any laws to govern this
this is not like this has happened
before on this scale so while I can say
I'm worried that they took the action
that they took I'm also not going to
overtly chastise them or feed into the
belief of some conspiracy theory that
they were participating I mean yeah
actually they are participating and they
could be participating in white
patriarchy you know there is racism is
so deeply ingrained in our society that
that could be the that could be part of
it but I also think there is a certain
walking into the unknown and not knowing
how to deal with a situation like this I
don't necessarily know that a roomful of
black people would have handled that any
better I mean on the Facebook team would
have handle that any better than
Facebook did is it a mistake I think
there's room just to discuss that but
it's like what what example do we have
before you know you leave it up and then
and then it's the complaint that we are
allowing images of black bodies being
gunned down
like Travelport would you do a food tour
think I am fat cuz I love to eat and
I've been in Chicago cuz a hole good
somebody sent me a snapchat message I'm
do my Swiper on girl hats because you
see how he's my head is they fit minds
and the strap in the back of here so if
you see the back I'm sorry I'm holding
my laptop it is practice s um
the strap is actually pretty long so
expand this but it's your standard dad
hat like I don't know that dad hats come
in that many different but it's more
flexible than a fitted am I still doing
my book club yes when I get my life
together what are my thoughts on dating
as a well I was a over thirty women when
so many F boys and non appreciative
black men are so prevalent where are the
black men who want a successful black
woman I mean I think when you stop
looking that's when you find them I know
they exist I know black men who love
black women exist I know successful
black men exist I don't think it does
any of us any benefit to overgeneralize
either side of the gander but I do also
think it's very difficult to kind of
counter how prevalent the misogyny is in
our community because it is it's like
you know I did a shy snack after
watching any colors and so many people
are like oh my homeboys love it they
were recommending it like I can't
believe it's that bad and that's kind of
how pervasive this is that people that
men are entirely unwilling to understand
the burdens of being a black woman but
it's expected for us to understand their
burdens and I just don't feel like the
reciprocity is at the level it should be
but I also feel like it's not like it's
so deeply ingrained that you can't get
over it I think there's also a very
specific type of people that feed
heavily into it and they're specific uh
people that don't so you know I have
hope
hello from North Carolina and Vancouver
and your stepdad wasn't having you go to
Kenya but you're going to Senegal and
instead you have to bite you speaks
French you definitely send all of the
french-speaking country I've heard it
gorgeous I have not heard anything bad
about it but you definitely need to be
with somebody who speaks French so we
don't get to know with the podcast is
gonna be about like I'm confused I'm
confused at your phone maybe I'm doing
it wrong but I don't know why you like
it's just so pressed I just think we
said that I will do a video discussing
why I'm raising funds for a podcast but
no I'm not telling you my idea before I
produce it that's just not smart
have I ever checked out any Octavia
Butler books absolutely I talked about
her books in my book list from 2013
kindred Scandinavia that's so crazy
people watching me I'm scared maybe I
don't know why some people ask me how I
feel about Korean games like my last
video my last the most recent one
brought what you're doing sis what
you're doing what you're doing what do I
think of Jos thanks teen and the Green
Party like why is this chick just
showing up in July 20 of the election
year like if you serious if you are
really serious about dismantling the
third the two-party system that is
currently how American politics works
you don't show up the election year
that's not how that way that I just
don't I live in Texas I don't see
nothing about the Green Party out here
in other than do you work for eight
years kind of sorta not
wasn't a whole lot of movement going
around I don't want to have a Ralph
Nader situation all over again like we
we've had a previous election where the
candidate was boring they weren't
sociable they weren't nice to look at
they speeches was dry out war and Ralph
Nader came in and made sure that
essentially George Bush got elected
Nader accumulated enough votes that and
I mean it's like you could just o'clock
argue the number it's like a slight it's
close it's really close but I think it's
disingenuous to kind of come in in the
election year and talk about disrupting
a two-party system and you're not doing
the proper electorial education to the
community to start you like you have to
in order business mr. price system let's
start with local elections you have to
get people in like that's how the
Republican Party has gained their
strength you look at this point it
doesn't represent anything has to do
with Uri for the most part Republican
Party represents a very very I mean both
the parties are representing wealthy
people but the GOP more so represents a
very small slice of people silo of
people that reside in the United States
but they have focused their energies on
local elections and using people as kind
of ethics and morals to get them to vote
based on conservative policies that
really have no benefit for them but they
have a stronghold because look how many
governors and senators and congressmen
and city commissioners and das
Republican they put that work in to take
over local elections but we on the
liberal or socialists I continue to
think that the presidency is the first
row that we attack and we're allowing
this very kind of nepotism conservatism
to flourish on our states and that's
what impacts us way more than whatever a
president might do and I got to a whole
video girl
it's almost scuse me let me get off my
pedestal how quick did I take the coupon
code out no I did not
it's still here um
yeah it's still up let's see what other
questions I had okay
I don't even know how long this is going
now I'm not I don't wanna do like
anything more than 30 slide 7:30 I'm
gonna Indies cuz you know people don't
like watching long ish it gets a real
boring real quick um the coupon code
hold on for crop tops let me check that
real quick
I believe it's SVG I can just do this
it's the right code is in the
description of the videos right of this
video but if you go to my channel in my
last video I do believe I put the coupon
code because I copy and paste it I stay
forgetting or maybe actually I did not
I'm not consistent right I need to get
my life together
the is crop SVG 15 that is the correct
code okay strongly let me get through
all these questions real quick Aoyama
asking a whole lot like Lord goodness
sheesh let's see let me let me see if I
can speed through these and I'm not
gonna stop see if I can do these in like
the next five minutes if I
incoming freshmen I'll do a video on
that how do I feel about South Asians
and black people both using brown as a
sub identifier Who am I the police I
will self-identify
we're out technically we are brown they
would come like well did you hear about
the new Albin EBUS spite scandal No
enjoy snapchat is absolutely horrible
what is it feeling to you about
astrology I heard you say someone told
you that you had some misfortune coming
into your life
does that scare you no and I have a
whole video on it what does your opinion
on the recent media around the Miss Teen
USA pageant winner being able to keep a
crown reveal of continuous racist tweets
of her saying the n-word on Twitter
watch whiteness work have you ever
gotten a temp Lena I don't know what
that is doctor say are you correcting my
pronunciation I guess have you noticed
the increasing interest of black women
by black men now since current events
and melanin movement calling us Queens
but with potent mindset sterling beep I
mean yes absolutely even discussed on
Twitter often I don't like who wrote an
article on it I pull it up I feel like
Jamila lamu has a dress why it's
problematic and such a difficult
conversation to have with men because
like what you don't don't even know so
it's like no because here you're pitting
me against other black women you're not
giving that title unilaterally and then
it also loses its meaning I'm not the
best at articulating and I'm gonna find
that article and I'll post it whenever I
do a video discussing the vs of ho
tecna's have I seen hidden colors if so
do you think it's a motet shit
absolutely it's misogynistic homophobic
and you're late to partying I snacked
about it yesterday and I talked about of
the beginning of this on live chat again
people are asking where my scars fun
somebody let her know how do you feel
about the black iron women awesome I
think any representation of black women
and pop culture is for the better
amazing I seem to can't retain
information especially when it comes to
feminism and how to use it for a better
life I don't retain everything I
I forget a lot of stuff but it's about
reading and absorbing and making it
practical to how it applies to my
day-to-day life and about it's not just
reading things but what is it it's not
just comprehension either it's really
the right summaries about stuff you had
two people would sit and write summaries
and just copy sentences out of the book
we were reading I would always like
write a summary and think about well how
does this impact me like how can I place
myself in the situation that's how I
remember that's how I can extrapolate
content from one scenario or one
situation and apply it to something else
I also we a lot of people that I admire
and whose brains
I want to tap into so there's that
what's Ecco la besides foga she asked
the same question again that I already
answered this I just stumbled into one
of these strong women in quotation
channels then I just recently shit
where are the pros and cons of working
with the YouTube group like maker if
you're lack and you're not in New York
or LA there is no pros thoughts on
individuals who aren't voting that's not
a really easy topic to address I think
is a privilege to both vote and not to
vote I think we have a very unique
privilege and the American political
system and it's kind of hard have a
conversation people have not traveled
outside of America and don't understand
why our system works differently to that
of like a parliamentary or a multi-party
system but I also don't feel like it's
right to tell a person that they are
blatantly wrong for not voting I think
if I want to encourage what a vote I
have to express them without policing
them or patronizing them why their vote
is worth it and also that it's not just
about the vote is about actually staying
committed to your local politics so I
don't necessarily have a whole lot of
problem voting I mean I do cuz I want
Trump to win but I can concede if you're
willing to invest in your local
elections yes you all need to stop
planning like life is easy for women um
remove let me let me do this
black user look at YouTube is DNA shit
together thank you
be blessed elsewhere what are ways to
come up on YouTube how can you make it a
nine-to-five oh man
there's not like a template for what a
black folk it's really I don't know
everyone wants to sell you this helping
a dream and actually I started blowing
out of the law but if you got baby hairs
or you are leaning to the European side
on the European spectrum because it's
not just about being light-skinned and
then baby hairs the soft facial features
um you fit into a very niche community
that's young and doesn't have a lot of
representation you know it's all there
for you do have I ever thought about
doing podcasts maybe with Evelyn from
the Internet's donate to my patreon
let's make it happen what are ya and I
said I need raise five thousand to a
whole video cuz I don't want to keep
repeating myself and it is something
that I'm very serious about so I'll
explain it later what are some places
you suggest black professionals move to
right now I live in Kansas City Missouri
and it's not for us
I'm sure kissing is poppin for black
folks it might not be for you though and
I think you need to go or your
industries exist yeah it's like Dallas
is great if you want to work in
lifestyle brands and have a cheap cost
of living choosing them great if you
want to work in energy or the medical
field la New York if you want to purely
do entertainment Atlanta as well but
it's not just I mean I think people try
to simplify cities as if there's one
experience that everyone who looks like
them has and there's so many factors
that are impacted by you the individual
that I can't tell you what
my favorite song by jazmine sullivan and
why that's actually a good question I
love me some jasmine um oh man
Mona Lisa is that I really like I just I
just like hearing her saying so what's
the hood rat song when she's talking
girl I don't even do I have it on this
computer
let me see jazmine sullivan album look
what i do when i don't have an answer at
google leave I don't even tracks all on
the album dumb mascara I think it's a
song oh no it's her love Loki Loki cuz
I'm trying to live my best life that's
like so Knightly thing trying to find my
French Montana I'm trying to be a
ratchet her love really is my ish style
it really it speaks to me who's Sally
Mae I'll grow you in London bless your
heart for not even knowing just thank
God that you don't know who that is how
you ever had Indian Pakistani sweets I
love me some biryani I'm not really I'm
not really a fan of Indian sweets
because very tamarind they're more
savory than I care for but I have had
them can i restock as and I had them
before the unbothered shirts and other
colors please well let me know what
colors you would like and I will make it
happen your thoughts on fetishizing
black women white men relationships
please oh you know that's messy girl
we are YouTube you know what the YouTube
bubble makes you think that black women
and white men relationships are like a
thing and they're not like people level
they well different things happen the
way YouTube fetishizes it it's and I
really feel like a lot of it is the
white gay isn't just young teenagers
mmm I don't know I don't have I don't
have a whole lot of thumbs I'm not in
nobody else's drawers like sleep with me
you wanna sleep with me when you want me
with I love just don't be trying to act
like your person is uniquely better
because of their ethnicity than other
people how about that one yes where's
the point of being on here if you don't
like her oh yes
give them the business go ahead thank
you smart my girls what kind of the
d-list
to your favorite artist currently I'm
listening to neo cuz she 31 good about
me to 85 80 and Anderson packed his
album brah
I could have DJ equipment over there
I've been learning how to DJ I'm
currently trash but I'm getting it
together and I love me some air so pop
are you gonna do a girls trip to Africa
I'm Dallas though come to Thailand let
me first
while of tribal club and we're good
together after that oh yes get your hat
thank you thank you just I don't think I
understand how much I'll support whether
smart brown girl or the patreon or just
being a smart brain girl and engaging me
on here means I really feel like I need
to do something special in a thank you
video but I need to get my edge together
what's my opinion fucking weed I don't
know what's he putting on sex my
relationship sit on his face just went
to Houston I hate it sorry boo the Sun
is actually black hotep nation baby why
are you here like why how do I feel
about interracial dating I don't have a
melanin to do it but why should i clock
what somebody else is doing
why y'all can sing you want to be under
those bedrooms like why are you laying
in a pan with them
why trying to be on with uteruses and
balls like wait huh you're 15 years old
you keep getting questioned by white
friends or why I wear my smart brown
girl merch stop explaining yo South
Tanana why have the confidence of a
mediocre white man and live your best
life and don't explain your wish to
nobody asked them why they why are they
worried like why are you questioning
this I'm smart and I'm brown and I'm a
girl where's the problem
hello
you're gonna send me a plate girl
some-some callaloo some oxtail rice and
pea brag do you have the biggest shirt
do I have plus size shirts yeah so when
you order for me please check the sizing
chart my shirts
this is an Evelyn shirt um and this is
like a unisex shirt I believe I got a
medium or large and this is way bag year
than my strength my shirts are fitted
they're on a very feminine cut I like
the material they last a very long time
I love the polity of my shirts but they
do not run the same size the shirt you
get from Old Navy and they are
non-refundable when you order the wrong
size
please check the sizing chart cause it's
accurate have I ever spoke on being pro
black in an interracial relationship
girl you'll be a mystic too
I know what you're getting at but why
does somebody suddenly lose their
blackness because or how they identify
or their their their lives narratives
simply because their mate is not black
I don't know now if they are I don't you
know me like I'm not going after if I
don't bat an eyelash when I see it I'm
like okay Harry Belafonte I see you but
I'm more so how to take issue when they
consistently are with white mates like
people that I've had multiple
relationships that's going to be the
minutes consistently like all you dated
is white women yeah but like again I
really try to set up people's bedrooms
so I'm to scroll up how do you feel
about the backlash Nate Parker we see
when people found out he had a white
wife it was only backlash because he
find in his wife a Hampton or J mu what
why should I block you just for saying
here in color for was great you really
hate yourself you ain't shit I'm just
well black you off the GP don't find it
is trash where I'm trying to find it and
go watch it like what are y'all doing
how did I meet Evelyn I'm I found her on
YouTube and I her up and her she's
awesome
and then I flew up to her house world
story true story this is before stranger
danger is set in Drake builing Eminem
what white girl the fuck by oh I didn't
mean to report I went to block it oops
wrong button
Jill seen been around but there's not
enough funding in the Green Party that
you get on the streets and you what was
Bernie Sanders with grace and ease
what did Bernie Sanders proved to you in
this election season
that you can finance without big backers
and unfortunately the green praising
have a strategy to do that I think and I
think a lot of that comes around the day
try to hop on the media hype of the
presidential election and they do not
put in the strategy or the groundwork in
a beneficial way in inciting local
elections like for the Tea Party to come
up and see buddy use the Republicans but
for all the types of purposes the Tea
Party again comes in and shows you how
you can finance through local people's
small donations and you can take over
and impact the government through local
elections well there's so much hotep be
as soon as you say here in color they
just appear magically it's like look why
are you here like for what I said I was
all gonna do this for another like 10
minutes and office outlook time has been
another 15 and y'all still asking
questions so I'm just going to keep on
to answer it but it's like mad I'm like
not even like you see how far up I'm
scroll this is crazy
hey day on say girl this is so bad
okay I'm scroll too far up but club whoo
this is like oh my god do I have any
nerdy interest I like books I like
culture and politics thank you for
ordering your shirt
you're awesome if I decide to move in
African country which one would it be to
move to Hawaii you know what
it's a shame cuz unless I marry somebody
wealthy as he has to be wealthy
understand his commitment to monogamy
you have to go to West Africa to
understand why that's a
up top girl it's just on a hold of a
level out there and you have to have a
strong family name because a lot of
African West African cultures are very
big on reputation based off of your last
family like you ask somebody a last
family name and all the sudden you know
where they from know Edna they are you
know a cousin cousin a daddy you know
what a daddy work at out there um in
order for me to move to West Africa and
I haven't been I be closed which I've
heard is poppin like I met quite a few
Canadians who have settled down in Ivory
Coast but from just being in Ghana I
don't know that I could live full-time
on my own and West Africa South Africa
though cuz it's so much like America and
of kind of sucks
because I only feel like that
development came because there are white
people in South Africa and it is
infuriating but though but I feel like
I'm so aware of my African of my
American privilege that to go to Africa
it would have to be under special
circumstances because it's so easy for
me to tap into the resources and live
the comfortable life that I want but I
would be marginalizing the local people
even more and I don't feel good about
that my shirt says magical black girls
it is Evelyn from the Internet's shirt I
can't see myself so I don't know what
you actually see why are you patting yo
hey cuz it's a habit if you could tap
into anyone who would it be what is
really good I don't know I'm inspired by
a lot of people I like how witty and
sharp
Evelyn is and a very concise manner cuz
I'm long-winded I like how visually
talented like shameless Maya is um who
else do I really like I like I featured
Jovian on my youtube channel she comes
from like a family of black excellence
and she really has down pat the ability
to like get along with everyone without
having them in her personal space so I
mean I follow a lot of black women who I
think are just awesome I don't know that
there's one person I want to tap in the
open bank account for sure if that's all
I said again I will take that can I
dance I can two-step
why am I not happy youtuber because I
need to get my life together
that's quite a I understand why I'm not
and I don't have a problem with it I'm
absolutely excited to go into Thailand
and then Evelyn also offered to sponsor
someone for their trip so that she
picked the girl doesn't even have her
passport one love Travel Club is buying
paying with a girl's passport which is
amazing and Evelyn in bless her heart
won't pay for this girl to fly out to
Thailand if if I wasn't going through
all the financial losses that I've gone
through this year and I kind of feel bad
cuz I'm like damn I can't
I'm just not and then I'm asking how to
support me more but I'm literally like
it's just there's so many things I wish
I could tell you about and I can do you
think black people need their own social
media platform now do and do social
media have responsibly to us um I think
it's not just social media it's a
business these are companies that make a
lot of money and yes they have
responsibly did not just be diverse
visually but also diverse in economics
and location it kind of irritates me
that so many like the social media
companies are all based in LA or New
York or California in New York and that
we've got a large swath of people who
don't who they can't talent they can't
tap into can you get the young bother it
isn't the Empire shirt isn't white it's
in black and white but I'll think about
other colors other colors don't really
sell well but I don't have a problem
adding it oh girl I still live right up
the street from the Salome video Sallie
Mae building I want to set that on fire
so bad you black like where these guys
come from have I heard of the Internet
yes I like their album they have a song
with patronato called girl that I love I
also like Kesha nada glowed up featuring
innocent pop a one I need to get back to
my Sunday sound blogs yes so many
advising not to go but it was a very
interesting experience I don't know what
you're referring to what
think is better banana pudding or red
bell down below banana pudding because
red velvet is really a moist chocolate
flavored pound cake and I don't like
chocolate so quite a few times I've had
realm of red velvet that had too much
chocolate in it and I I couldn't can I
do a video on money management girl my
credit first rash on you would know if
you want to hear it from the team what I
currently BC consider being a mentor
there is no cutoff age to having a
mentor what I consider being a mentor in
my current state no but I understand
people ask and I hope to get to the
point where I could say something like
that on Maxie Shaw every time I see you
comment your name cracks me up every
time
Maxine be having a whole lot of opinion
too I love it though how is my
relationship with Jesus like personal
what
a lot of questions consistently about
you know Chinese eat callaloo that's hot
about it from trimming thank you for
becoming a patron that is awesome I mean
yes Rosie but I don't like potato and
Rosie I became I wrote see with bhaji
cabbage and carrots I mean like I have I
have the master Nima cookbook in my
house I'm familiar I just name the
things that I like to eat the most and I
miss eating well I'm banned that girl
mrs. pump shot and I don't even know
what she said
but why is this messages only deleted
report message there he'll be banned -
well this is like I can put a user in
timeout this is crazy
girl why did you spell misogyny like
that make you not want to watch power
what I'm not gonna clown you because I
believe you're British are you are you
are you not American um and I have a
homeboy who I talked to on whatsapp
often in the way he phonetically spells
words I heard with the British accent I
can see how you like he saw hypocrite i
PPO and I'm talking he's 32 bruh
I don't think he's not smart I just
think sometimes misogyny is a tricky
move over to spell and I'd be using I'd
be using spellcheck just get it correct
but um you know 50 cents misogyny does
not make me wanna stop watching the show
because power the showrunner and the
producer is a black woman and I believe
she's Ghanaian so Oh Lord look at all
this BS that just comes in here it's
just so annoying what would you do if
you were given a million dollars
disappear I would start a podcast I was
gonna I want to start like a smart brown
girl like Resource Center kind of I know
a lot about being a mentor and I'm one
individual I think we just went insight
on a lot of different things and I would
love to be able to create kind of like a
program where I could draw from
different women
who I feel like would provide that those
entering cuz I'd like a lot of times you
watch these interviews or questions that
people that you look up to and then
they're so vapid and they don't really
cover a lot of the more nuanced things
we want to get at and so it would be so
that's what I want to do I'm not a top
youtuber because my views are likes
lacking compared likes considering how
many subscribers I have I just and I'm
not I'm not consistent I could do way
better with the quality of my content
and just putting my everything's like
what kat blaque doesn't look what I do I
have work to do I honestly was thinking
to go with you guys but then I saw the
flight time from where it was like 36
hours one way I can't do it yet I mean a
30-hour flight is not that it's not that
bad like I flew to South Africa from
where did my flight takeoff from I
wasn't going to Houston at the time and
it was like a tooth it's a really long
it was really it was a really long trip
but going doesn't seem that long and
there's a lot of things you can do to
prepare yourself for it you know when I
went to Ghana that was a it was long
coming back but going it's really nice
and then you have a layover it's never
just you know layover that you can get
off the plane and hopefully leave the
airport and you know go see another city
um I don't know why you would ask me
about Francis crest Wessling who was
prominently featured in him colors with
her bullshit and about her past may she
rest in peace nobody deserves to die I'm
never gonna Stoke somebody like that but
I'll know what where would I recommend a
young artist to live as affordable in
New York know where New York's not
affordable any longer how does the
sponsor thing work a product I don't
know depends on what angle you're asking
from are you boot up you act like it yes
with my pillow
some of these questions are just doing
the absolute most but I'm enjoying this
this looks gonna be a whole hour total
of me 20 minutes look at me lying Laz
people still watching now fellows trash
who is air fare including the Thailand
price
no but tickets to plane tickets to
Thailand actually aren't that expensive
we need was to go for a walk would you
see you can still walk after this
do you like thick I'm not yours have a I
noticed that some forms for women of
color at university use language that
tends to really exclude inaccessible
lingo I'm wondering if this is a common
issue I would need you to expand on that
question I feel like I understand what
you're getting at but I don't want to
make an assumption and I think that's
you know this conversation could
definitely have have you heard or
listened to Jamila woods or named Nomi
they make really good music now I have I
feel like Jamila woods has featured if
she featured on a dev Heinz blood orange
video um album okay girl that was that
was real it was rosy I'm sorry I was
trying not to like cuz I've done it and
you can't delete your comment here but I
get you I think I did black Robin
Meadows did I get them is there anything
I still believe it why would I be so
interested in my personal beliefs why I
still believe in God yes five things I
learned in your 20s real quick Shin you
ain't watch some of my videos have you
cuz I did a whole 30 things I learned 20
things I learned in my twenties I did a
whole video about what I learned in my
20 I learned that I don't need to
explain myself to nobody
I learned that regret is a waste of
energy and that you live your lesson
don't stop worrying about time and
things getting ahead of you take options
that come that two-year opportunity is
not gonna be that long you gonna regret
not taking it for years from now that
was like four but I did a whole video
with the rest so there you
how do you prevent anger and depression
without based on race relationships or
black feminism self-care but the
depressant doesn't really it doesn't it
doesn't it doesn't not it's not easy
when I was little what it did I want to
be me
Jesus Lord do you have a certain number
of subscribers you like to reach nope
can I speak to intersectionality on
queerness and blackheads well I'm not
queer so why would I try to control
somebody else's narrative womanhood and
blackness I do that just about every
video topic I have on here it addresses
the intersectionality between
identifying as a woman and being black
that's such a broad topic then I take it
piece by piece
I am a youtuber full time Shannon don't
know who I use okay we're just gonna
scroll from the can you do a video on
hoe test
um now cuz I'm really for like battling
with them I can do a more nuanced video
on different topics that kind of hit it
piece by piece recently a young black
man was killing France it just started
to happen here not as much as the US but
they're clearly trying to hide the story
a Dada matura turn array I mean I don't
think it recently happened in Europe I
think largely it was immigrant Africans
who've been Patrol but the police are
also very different I think the fact
that it hasn't been as broadcasted and
it's kind of starting to feel new now is
because our police are at more heavily
militarized but we also have a much
higher prevalence of guns amongst common
people so you know neither one of this I
in a gemenon and don't don't put that on
me oh you turned I with a torch Munna
Gemini 7 true but let's go hard that
doesn't you have a lot of Gemini you
came to make up your mind
thank you for stopping by how do I feel
about gauzy approach to destructive
negative views against flats I think
everybody has their place and he's found
his and he's found his audience you do
not the worst thing to do is get lit on
a flight the long flight you don't get
drunk you just don't sleep before you go
and you sleep through the bulk of the
flight and get work done okay I think
that is everything because now we have
the hotels popping up and doing the most
about aliens just a very unnecessary and
I've done videos on all the astrology
signs and now she's just getting
redundant so I stayed in Cocoa Memling
when I was in Accra and I did visit all
those other areas and I crawled across
not that big yeah all that can Simmons
you sleep on Airport side from the back
of the traffic light don't ever work
gonna be traffic everything is right on
top of a top of it Oh shadow to the ads
playing yes let me get my coin Agora all
right I'm off this because now this is
getting repetitive but I appreciate all
you for joining thank you for tuning in
support push my brown girl shops my
brown girl heck's and the patreon
account okay I'm gonna get my life
together so you don't
