hey guys this jolzi who can you see me
we got to get up close and see my love
in the face I'm hearing some popcorn my
main humming yeah not like a Holly
beverage it's just pineapple juice and
uh ginger beer
pablo and breakout cuz i ain't got no
the air in it and that's the only way I
could drink carbonated beverages yeah
buy me a good pan right do you see my
melanin it's peaking through I believe I
have a lot of melanin hiding underneath
it does those the one I don't want come
out it does dunno it's a lie black own
makeup beauty what's that be saying for
a girl this is not that yeah I was
tagging me in a Tish and I was like
that's real cute and world noble but I
know how to articulate and I see that
shade so do these other girls don't but
I do feel like I have articulated and
now my viewpoint in my stance and I have
not shot it back ever since before you
because I support the movement other
ways I put my Smashbox primer all over
my face
now y'all got my favorite my favorite
beauty product is owned by white womens
Laura Mercier now trophy talk I don't
even really buy a whole lot of make it I
go to beauty events and I'd be like
throwing everything in my bag that I
came for the free 99 girl let me tell
you
and aside from is Laura Mercier this is
like I buy this maybe once every other
year because I literally I still have my
other tube and I just ran out and
sometimes I'm just grimy and I go to
Sephora give me a little sample a little
sample will last you a good 3 4 months
girl and got to buying all the way look
I'm not even gonna here trying to
justify myself rubber
I don't be on the influencer list for
any makeup company actually I've been
trying to get companies to like add me I
will say Black Radiance at one point in
time has sent me some product but it's
been like four or five years and so that
product is all gone I mean you'll be
thinking you tan but you're not but you
still be okay we're buying your
foundation in that tan color you don't
you spending this week you know I was in
a car accident they told out my car
and I've been trying to finish
everything up so I could get my loan
paid off because I financed my car and I
paid off more than what the car is worth
so I'm getting money back but they just
be dragging a feet on the whole process
okay and I know there's a lot to discuss
this year has just been super and I want
to be like everything's just whack I'm
trying not to be negative I'm really
working on my patience and my
perseverance and I felt like I've kept a
really cool head considering all the
things that I've dealt with well really
it's not like yeah all the things I've
dealt with I've just been dealing with a
lot of loss and really weird ways this
year I know y'all wanna update on what
happened in Seattle I will be having an
update the quick update is neither of us
won the case no matter how much natural
Nicole wants to be packed of aggressive
you know I learned a lot that's how I'm
gonna put it out right now and I
understand that a girl is hurt and she
don't understand the difference between
an action and a reaction and she's not
taking account to any of her or an
optional cause actions in the situation
and so her being Trudy and so I am you
know there was a lose-lose situation
from the day she called me to terminate
my contract she had my girl I was happy
I got like I start talking about it and
gonna stop and I asked to make sure that
I have all my ducks in a row once I
discuss I come in said oh my god there's
a lot of pieces in it that I feel like
really kind of explain what I've been
going through and what's been thrown at
me and there's total disregard they had
towards me and my rights or just even
being ethical and honest with me like
say about what happened during the
strong claims hearing but I'm really I'm
practicing patience and I am going to
wait to do a whole video so I felt bad
about using this because I do know that
the lime crime girl all this jeffree
star slander that's out here has
the lime crime girl I got unfollowed
them on instagram cuz they they don't
wanna black women on their Instagram for
my taste but I got this pilot for the
fries 99 yes um I'm recreating the look
that I did when I announced my dad hats
my smart brown girl hats that I now have
in different colors on the website I'm
waiting to get the mock-ups for them
I'll have them in probably this week or
next I'm super excited because a whole
bunch of colors and the hats just
SuperDuper cute and hats never fit my
head but this hat fits my hair girl if
it's my big oh hey with a wig on it yeah
wow I don't even have an exact reason
you know I did a call of my astrologer I
do one like every four months yes I'm
really nutty yes I believe in the power
prayer so I had to call up my astrologer
Sam I have a whole video that I did when
the first time I ever did a reading with
him no he does not predict the future
but God I explain this every time I
bring him up whatever follow me on
snapchat if you want to know more I'll
be talking about him on air but I called
him because I was like I've just been in
this really weird funk for the past
couple of months like I feel like
nothing's progressing I'm not
necessarily it's depression like I'm not
even going to be covert about what it is
inertia lethargy stagnant all all those
words right and I'm thinking maybe it's
all in my head maybe I just need to be
more positive because I am a bit of a
pessimist pessimistic person you know
maybe he'd tell me that like things are
gonna start looking up and like
September and whatever so I got a call
with him and he's like yeah you know it
makes sense that you are going through
that you feel this way you definitely
have an albatross around your neck with
your former manager and things will
start looking up in December
did you not hear it apart earlier where
I say it ow
I'm too old to be wasting whole years
feeling upset about it number it's
July July you mean I'm gonna feel this
way I'm gonna feel like this is just a
waste of my whole a whole year rah rah
we gonna put a real beat look someone
put my Kevin Taquan skin centralising
oil what really blew me is that he said
that there's a lunar eclipse now mind
you I am a Aries with a towards noon and
a Gemini rising the lunar eclipse is
going to be directly above on my
Midheaven in your mid heaven and I don't
really have the worst explained artist
edge go is this some deep dish this is a
bit deeper in the astrology round that I
care to get into but your mate having
rules your career and reputation and I
believe my Midheaven if I'm correct as
in Aquarius I'm of the people that's why
I do what I do communication the lunar
eclipse is directly on my main heaven
and that means he's like there's a
spiritual sacrifice that's gonna happen
and I'm going to like essentially lose
something I have not been thinking of
are looking at or overlooking something
gonna happen it's gonna be bad bad
that's all bad news something will
happen with my career or reputation
after this eclipse on August 13 or
whatever sometime in August and
considering what the things I already
got going on absolutely not what you
want to hear um I'm gonna be rich I
cried the whole way through the cabra I
was in tears like this this just is not
what I've been trying to be patient and
be positive and like even work through
sleep through eat thrills one so fat
right now just all this stress and you
telling me it's just is not gonna get
better as long get worse and in like
December not anyone's like pray trusting
die homeboy was like James one two and
three one two three chapter one verse
two
or maybe chapter 2 I believe was chapter
1 what some about press reverance
something about that he sent that to me
the other day and I'm like you know the
bad part is the people that I'm having
the hardest time with are people that
claim to believe in God and are
constantly posting memes about God and
prayer doing things and and that's like
you know don't want to turn to the same
thing that they call it on to screw me
over and we're this way missing
explain me for me my favorite blush on
it's like the only Mac blush I own I
guess my favorite a fist Nix ombre blush
palette it's really pink and it's really
pigmented and it just it looks so this
is dab a bit on that apples look at that
cheeks but a fool can we put the
eyeliner on with one hand no we can't
I'm gonna come back okay eyeliner is on
so now all I had to do wash that's gonna
hit up at the eyelashes so I got a ton
of questions about what eyelashes I was
wearing I literally wear cheap eyelashes
I don't do the more expensive eyelash
France I know there are a few black girl
home lash lines out there so if you
don't buy them expensive lashes go ahead
support the black on one and buy I go to
the beauty supply store and get the
little cheap ones in the cases like this
or a dollar and I stack them so I
believe these are DW stocked with 415 so
DW stands for Demi with speed no matter
what brand you buy whether you buy the
more expensive or the cheaper lash lines
they will have a to go with the more
expensive black lashes shouldn't have to
stack them they should have like 4:15
for anything over $3 I feel like the
lashes should come fuller and that's the
kind of whole point of buying the more
expensive brand is that they come with
more unique lash styles and they're
fuller and
you can just use that one lash and don't
happen to stack them like I do with mine
but gir I'll be reusing the ish out of
these lashes why yes
you
we tell you Sam also tell me man he just
it was so much bad news than one
30-minute phone call he told me 31 is
the year of dead so for all my 31
Andover folks how do you feel about that
how was your 31st year life cuz I'm
within one I have counterparts that are
31 and they are winning right now like
on a true ascension so bruh bruh when
what you mean what was so different out
there not really on that great right now
what I'm gonna do right now I'm gonna be
doing my makeup so I can go up to the
t-mobile store and catch myself walking
mine along the way life goals if I might
chestnut brown by Mac but literally I
use any brown pencil that I can find
this is one that I could find today so I
always have to stack my Browns
because I can never seen the final exact
one that I went in that moment so the
last time I did this I have this NYX tan
line and it's really more of a nude than
it is a brown for me this is probably
the color my natural lip color wanted it
to be a bit more smoky and like well
Matt ish kind of but Matt drives my lips
out and I'm really full lips so
sometimes that matte look just doesn't
do me any favors I like to I can't wear
this by itself it just doesn't look good
on me but when I layer it like this this
is Matt stone it's really divine so
we're gonna take my favorite drugstore
highlighter palette and right here that
is another thing a lot of the
black-owned Beauty companies you know if
I'm gonna tell everyone to go support
any brands is it black owned is it black
owned by women is it not only black
owned by women but is their executive
board their leadership aren't they
hiring black people because there are a
few black owned beauty brands overall
that are owned and the story they tell
is about this black person and typically
it's a man owning the business and then
you wonder okay so but where are the
black women that you're employing where
they are in the lead
ship rolls I'm thinking to natural hair
companies off the top of my head I
actually like their product so I'm not
going to inspire them like that but I'm
saying we're gonna say hey support black
because this helps the community make
sure that it's actually helping a
community and not just the individual so
now we got put the wig on and the hat
and give you that look yeah everything
is because I'm wearing a hat I don't
have to worry about my wig being put on
properly I just put this in like I can
look super trendy and do it wait like
that's for Josie and this is for all my
awesome smart brown girls yes and this
crop top is my brown girl I still have
the crop tops and the mugs on sale
there's a coupon code you can get one or
the other and then buy you a hat with it
booties is so slick we now have baby
pink Carolina Blue charcoal gray and
white I order a red because yes so I
have a right one coming because yes and
I ordered the baby pink
okay case you have to have that and the
Carolina blue one I think I got to just
cuz I would see other white looked on it
and then the white one because you're
trying to be out here like Bryson tiller
yeah
body row look how fat my I look I'm at
work done
