hey guys it's jewel Z oh my gosh I had
to give me a drink because it's only
Tuesday that's craziness it's too too
too much this is low-key like a pop star
point five thirty six point five is not
who's got comes up with these crazy
white woman's Oh eek mediocre white
woman's news all right well we gotta
come talk about the craziness is happen
between Taylor Swift and Melania Trump
when did white women because such
devilish laggards
when do they give up their fragility
their innocence so did they become Joann
the scammer you mean they've been like
this forever
first with Kim Kardashian the Kanye
thing and her snapping videos of Kanye
calling Taylor Swift and getting her
approval for the famous lyric now Taylor
since then it's claimed that she
specifically takes issue with him
referring to her as that bitch however
somebody referencing you and saying that
they could still have sex with you I Who
am I to be the moral judge if you
approve that man deciding he can still
have sex with you I well normally when a
cake for like Kim Kardashian because I
feel like this is just a setup because
now we're talking about her her name's
her on our mouth we all follow her
snapchat I do and ethically I don't even
like her but her snapchat it's like but
it's only Kardashian I follow for those
who a little more invested they're now
going to turn into Keeping Up with the
Kardashians you're gonna follow her on
Instagram Twitter the Kim og because
petty amplifies Kim Kardashian social
currency like the good Judy that Kris
Jenner taught her to be I feel like this
was very strategic on the part of Kim
Kardashian town that doesn't mean that I
can't enjoy the good keke less chitra TV
set me up to have 10 my list allow me to
say that oh my god I just feel like it's
gonna be a selfie with Kim Kardashian
Taylor Swift and Kanye in couple weeks
and Kim will have the better filter on
it as much of a strategic swindle as I
think this is it also you got to give it
to Kim in that this is a good one
because there are so many different
layers in this for us to discuss you
know tactical a people don't like Taylor
Swift because she is like the
quintessential mediocre white woman she
got that mediocre white woman haircut
like even the hair color she
Dioner hair - it's just like me do grass
fat and she just has its own pet and I
remember when she came in like Oh a look
at her and be like oh she's winning she
is going to win I don't even know not
about her background just off the look
with that crinkly blond hair blue eyes
you know they're really kind of buff
delicate small features I feel like it
was giving me JonBenet Ramsay cheese you
know like that weird thing Mormons have
about what they believe people that
haven't look like white that's what I
thought of Taylor Swift
you know the backstory is Taylor loves
to downplay herself as like the underdog
the quintessential everyday awkward
cracks corny jokes round the way country
girl but she's from Pennsylvania yes her
parents owned a farm but like they they
were like hedge fund owners like her dad
it's like a wealth management
vice-president and it wasn't like they
were working hands on the farm they
owned a farm because it was like they
kids when it horses so like why not buy
the whole farm and then when they came
with a record deal they like bought a
part of the record label that ended up
signing Taylor sort of like no seriously
so Taylor is like a quintessential
YouTube star
she's like Jacob santori's is that how
you say his name she's like Rebecca
Black the girl that did the Friday slug
except for she legitimately has talent I
mean you can say what you could say
about Taylor but you can't be acting
like them songs and catchy ads like
y'all be singing along too but what we
can say is that she stays on his
underdog damsel in distress oh woe is me
I'm just like she out stuff from frozen
and really she's like the prince from
frozen to face to ass and you want to
know about the legal implications and
recording somebody see they say the
Texas only one person has two notes
referring the phone call in California
it's a two person consent and Taylor had
money to blow before she was winning
Grammys her family had lane to blow so
I'm sure there'll be some sort of
litigation some legal things happening
behind the scenes there um but girl I
just want to thank Kim Kardashian for
giving me a good kiss we can cause I've
been looking on the Internet's like what
is what's why this election stuff is
just boring me but I mean we gotta talk
about the election stuff because Melania
says
you got Rachel Dolezal Michelle Obama's
speech seriously claiming something you
ain't word is not boiling you don't even
know what that means but Bo I won't give
a speech and co-opted from the 2008
speech that the current sitting first
late like pull some up from Lady
Bird copy-and-paste
Eleanor Roosevelt's speech I would say
fine so from your own but you Eastern
European Slovak is Slovenia Slovakian
that sounds like something I would get
at the Greek restaurant and eat like a
really good try ro maybe that is I'm
probably mispronouncing it what kind of
staff do you have that your writers
don't cross double-check triple-check
ixnay on the Opus Dei to make sure you
are not stealing not only from a
previous speech but from your opponent
essentially like and what's crazy about
all of this is that Melania even is
allowed to have excuses like is she
ruined she's not but if this was a black
woman oh she would be done she would be
paddled into the grave all her
credentials would be in question they
keep claiming and malign and graduate
from college did the whole job now after
the first year oh that's so bad me
excuse me
I believe in women's rights to nautical
her and I wrong with that but it don't
go around claiming you like the Greeks
you ain't gosh laughs and brown women
are not given the opportunity to make
mistakes
this isn't even really like oops my back
this is flat-out plagiarism and people
are standing behind her to defend her I
know we always tell by holding I work
twice as hard when mediocre milania's
I'll here being Becky with the borrowed
speech okay you know to go back to
Taylor I really hate having to cake for
people that I feel like sound always
like really deserve it cuz after
watching a j35 30 I'm real careful about
who I defend now but Euler really did
play up on that fragile white woman
Steve and the hag Kanye out here looking
like the angry black man
I mean Chi I also like you to be doing
so much that it like even if Taylor has
said nothing I don't know a lot of it is
his own actions but the fact that Taylor
even played into it it's like when you
knew you was wrong girl
this is one of situations you should
just have been quiet you just bought
mm-hmm let him hang himself by himself
he didn't need you out
he didn't need you defending planes but
you saw the flames of Fanning and you
left oh let me help my brand out and I
got the fire smacking you right back in
the face cuz you've been in the wrong
way since also about this hat these are
the dad hats and all the young kids like
I now have them up on shop that smart
rubber comm the crop tops
I saw a 50% code on that and also I have
a 50% off coupon on the mugs
you cannot introduce them it's one or
the other but everyone can wear I mean
I'm not even crop top fit right so if
you've been holding up on the mugs
because they were a little pricey with
the shipping they are now significantly
this template for you coupon codes are
down below in the description box join
the smart brown girl producer circle for
two to five dollars or more you can
support smart brown girl visit
patreon.com/scishow Z and become a smart
brown girl patron today
