hey guys is Josie and yes we are finally
back for another pops night cling cling
cling cling clang Cheers I didn't drink
half of this already ginger beer bourbon
whiskey cuz I was too lazy to pull out
my Moscato and open the bottle with them
going out of town some I'm finally going
to Seattle for that small clean cake
actually by Thomas's post it it already
be done so hopefully I have an update
for y'all
hopefully I'll have some real good news
okay so let's talk about this
magnificent throw I have on my head it's
a little different for me cuz it's in a
color one and I typically do not wear
this dark of a hair color though I dye
my hair black I don't know why I feel so
weird about wearing black wigs even
though I like to dye my real hair black
whatever this wig is from Tony Daly and
she sponsored this episode of pop snark
so black girl's wedding black girls
black owned businesses
perfect worked out awesomely and this is
the Tony wig she actually sent me the
Gabe and the Tony I'm feeling Tony a
little bit more cuz it'll be a twist out
of like that mimic sports see I feel
like it's more like a flat twist perm
rod my 4c hair cuz what my hair looks
like after I flat twist and prayer mat
it and I actually pull it apart it does
not it shits a little bit more clump let
me see if I still have one in here
that's clumped they're clumped together
a little bit more and I pull them apart
because I wanted it to be more Lama well
it is a synthetic half week but I don't
have any of my hair out this is super
cute and I will have a coupon code for
10% off in the description box below and
support black-owned businesses the
packet was packaged really nicely comes
with a free pair of earrings a head wrap
and a stocking cap I was like okay so
much disgust because I have another pop
psych and so entirely long and I tweeted
asking for recommendations and a lot of
people like surprisingly who usually
people in the past would like not have a
whole lot of things I want to talk about
but I feel like I've been spending on
the pops like so much you've been like
girl gwine please don't forget
support smart brown girl patron shop
still got fifty percent coupon codes for
the crop top eh whoa hip-hop honors this
past weekend girl I wasn't here like
damn I wish I had a
party you know I mean this is like high
school memories like he'll Taiwan that
he'll write and then you know what like
Missy Elliott meant to the black girl in
middle school what little Kim's hard
core album like tried to buy it my
mother was like absolutely not no that
was so many memories eve coming out you
knock up in Delaware was really close to
Philly so evenings a whole lot to me she
was an honor but she performed Teyana
Taylor kilt kilt it look at mama
it's so crazy how little mamas lack of
like genuine identity benefits her and
doing tributes for other artists like
she's a really good tribute cover art is
sad she helped me quiet I mean little
came a lost cause like as much as we
love 1990 Lil Kim it's like we loved 99
our hill we love 99 these low kids but
this new bleached washed out look him I
just found out she didn't even get
halfway through our songs and rich he
helped me cry like how you really mess
up on the limit like no it's not the
most iconic biggie verse but it's biggie
and big every biggie verse is iconic
like any big E versus that made it to a
single you as a rapper and what he was
is trash
my mama stayed because asking me about
like what I like why don't I try and
like be like Wendy Williams I don't I
don't get these like Wendy Williams nene
leakes he's like ignorant over the top
references I so understand them Wendy
Williams she just it's like girl how do
you want to sit here and say that what
if we had a national white people
organization or if we had a historically
white I mean we do they're called
their every other college that's on an
HBCU any college was around in the early
1900s was historically white like come
on look at my history Wendy causes
become integrated it wouldn't need to be
an HBCU if integration with a thing
dum-dum Ciara and Russell i'ma say
Russell Simmons wrong corny boy Russell
Russell Wilson they got married and I am
absolutely tired of this conversation
around her and future dad you rose I
hate to give her traffic but she posted
the deposition that details futures
testimony where he essentially a miss
being a boy he essentially admits
to lying to media and disparaging
Sierra's name the
only knock I can really give I see at
this point is that I already want to
talk about her relationships and I've
been saying this because we all tell her
do not f with future have more glaringly
of a bug boy did he have to be in order
for us to already know where this was
going and when she was dating him she
told us to mind our business so I
believe now we should mind their
business this is why don't you want a
cake bride only would had affair but I
feel like there's well a larger
discussion about again how much of
people hate black women like man and
that's why I bring this up Russell
Wilson develop a facebook livestream and
it's the air comes in like halfway
through while he's getting his hair cut
with her son her son calls Russell Papa
and ask for a kiss it's clear they have
a relationship as they should that's
right that's his stepfather the the boys
like two years old you know I babysat
two-year-old twins in Chelsea and Philip
and Philip would call everybody Chelsea
he got one name right cause mama Chelsea
I was dad Chelsea call another sister
Chelsea called me Chelsea everybody was
Chelsea was the one name he got right
and it was everybody to him maybe they
have a nickname maybe it's popular maybe
he does call them Papa who carry the boy
too that man is a father figure to him
and I don't even need to like slay in
their future about it it's just like
this investment in trying to knock down
black women and white people constantly
Despard single black mothers and single
black women in general and they use that
through their kind of angst against
Ciara it's just so damn seriously his
approach in any man that v immediately
defends Kanye or future just stay away
from st. anyone's dumb day no data okay
so what this black lives matter ish
people been showing their ass with the
all lives matter I don't really like
come on Brad again we went out to have
an HBCU Whitney n-double-a-cp we
wouldn't need black lives matter if we
were all being treated equally like it's
basic basic economics here if your arm
broke you go to the doctor talking about
I wanna fix my right arm he's not gonna
talk about our arms matter any celebrity
that said there's always matter bs not
supporting you they're running the - I
think I believe we're the largest urban
radio stations in dial is 104 and 105
point seven they're both owned by
service Broadcasting Corporation
at that company are all white men and
they are running in all lives matter
I feel like boycott if your local radio
station is running always matter as
tweet the marquee DJ's on that station
and tell them that you are no longer
going to be listening with the video
that I put on earlier this week about
people saying that protesting and
hashtags don't work there either you're
not true yes we have to strategize and
move forward and then people's whoa you
didn't say anything about economics
because I wasn't for me to tell you
exactly what to do it wasn't it was for
me to say hey your protest can be any
person whether she wants to be but yes
boycotting understanding that black
people individually we might not be
wealthy we own capital walls because we
spend the most and the economy cannot
survive without the middle class hold
the companies that you spend your money
on accountable proper having some form
of integrity it's not too big of an ass
but what come on England with this
brexit now brexit and anyone also has a
second email Prime Minister even though
I believe she was an elected right I
don't actually understand how what's
going on like I don't get I don't get
how y'all can like really like a
referendum like that could be voted on
and not have like more of a breakdown on
the vote like the vote was way too close
for the UK to really enact leaving the
EU and that's kind of what we off the
way for Anna see if they actually follow
through with the referendum and do leave
the EU the UK could colonize so much of
the world and then turn around and be
like okay we caused all these problems
we don't deal with any problems on all
you people get to keep out you know for
UK of all people to have an issue with
the immigration that's happening there
it's like the immigration would not be
so prevalent if y'all y'all hadn't gone
and effed up so many places breath like
how many countries are there that the UK
at one point has not attempted to invade
like these dumb white folks like who is
you was trying to catch up on TV party
on recommendation Oh Jay made in America
34 30 34 30 s fan is already really
really
good television programming the OJ
Simpson which like a five-part
miniseries was so good makes me so
dislike OJ it is like such like as a
black woman it just hones in on the fact
of how much black women fight for their
own no matter how much our own don't
like us
Oh tables one of them all lives matter
I'm gonna trace it at the race hang out
with the Kardashians and it's so funny
here all these folks talk about how the
Kardashians are just we're just not
trustworthy people
we're not type of friends you want to
keep around and then you know turn
around and ask the same black people who
heed this own to vindicate him even
though homeboy is guilty as dirt bruh he
is so good you want to praise Johnnie
Cochran but also be like Johnnie Cochran
you ain't ish man for a sitting there
and allowing this man to use your kind
of black identity to his benefit right
in that they cleared out OJ's house of
all the pictures because all he had
pictures of white people and put up all
the African artwork that Johnnie Cochran
had so when the jury came through and it
was just to kind of yoke on the strings
of black woman always bearing the weight
of our people so all was such good
programming but you really I'd be like
black man or trash but I really had to
like you know I'm single I'm still
trying to date though but it really I've
given everybody decide I know like there
we got Game of Thrones this season the
game of thrones this kind of was like it
was very up-and-down for me they were a
little there were a few too many messes
the whole Arya Stark storyline I'm still
upset about but the finale with Cersei
oh I was like I had I've watched it
three times because there are so many
little things happening that I really
you have to like pay such a detailed
attention to that every time I watch it
I'm seeing some new ish it was just the
last two episodes of this season
everything and I'm like Dan what's on TV
to watch now I don't even turn the TV on
on my bike what's my son days without
Game of Thrones
John Lewis and a band of Democrats led a
sit-in at the house and I was actually
really private coverage that happen
around this because it was after they
were unable to pass any sort of gun
reform bill one people did celebrate it
like yeah this is a great move but ii
was also a lot of people questioned
respectfully okay but what is the point
what bills are you actually trying to
pass like there's a dialogue there are
people paying attention now we aren't
just being allowed to be pander to it's
not just okay we want gun reform
yes ban all guns or make it harder
people get guns it's like okay what are
the implications of this law if we're
gonna say you know the this form of
background checks out to be you have to
be run or people on the FBI terror list
or not not gonna be in particular and
we're looking at the broader picture
where and it yes it Drax's out along
there makes a little bit more
complicated but the fact that people are
thinking it's such a beautiful thing it
would be so easy to somebody applauded
john lewis and the democrats who
protested on the house floor but it's
also to say okay but we don't want you
to just do things for shell like we are
no longer i just gonna accept being
pander to you know like and it lets go
to i think this is goes to being able to
say hey we're never gonna let you walk
in the sheets with the protest for us we
actually we actually want you to go in
and do the work in the office right um
that doesn't mean that protesting and
making this show and amplifying this
cause is it necessary but it does mean
that we need to have some sort of
program and strategy pass it right like
that's how you talk about it i could say
you know thank you john lewis for
raising up this cause but now what do we
do what's gonna happen next right you
know and i don't want to just go to the
booth and vote on my politicians based
on showmanship
I'm still trying keep saying I keep
trying to still try to dig in the Texas
pilot site specifically Dallas there's
so many different levels of government
out here Bryce so much but looking at
the black people that are on the City
Council commissioners elected positions
that are held here a lot of them are
held by older black people who have had
these roles for eons and eons and I'm
kind of wondering all right as we go
through this transition are we meant to
young people in our committee to come up
and that's a lot of what I'm trying to
impart on to my smart brown girl well we
think about okay well why is probably
transportation coming certain
neighborhoods or why are certain schools
not getting funding that's local
politics and so it's really really
important John Lewis has been in office
since 1987 there's a way to hold our
politicians accountable in a respectful
manner without demoting the work that
they've already done but saying hey
there is still more work to be done and
how can we be invested in that and make
sure it's happening the right way so
thanks for the protest bruh but you know
you actually I got the seat at the table
what bills are you writing sir
so in closing what else is there to talk
about Oh Kevin gates oh if girl
I really don't be paying into pop
culture dome that much no more cuz I
just be so over folk I'm kind of live
engage and get my money right really but
Kevin gates shaded the girls to be Love
& Hip Hop Atlanta that's a radio DJ and
then posted a video on Facebook talking
about he didn't want to touch her
because he's holy he's married why y'all
settle it like why why why are we so
easily swayed because somebody is cute
with a snatched waist and nice outfits
like just because his wife is pretty
we're not gonna support this package
like be conscious how many messages how
much rhetoric and propaganda surrounds
you that suggests that black women don't
deserve to be respected and loved just
be conscious of that you want us to be
angry all the time but I am saying think
about the messages that you absorb that
you allow into your enter in your space
that tell you that you ain't ish all
right thanks for watching if you enjoyed
this of course thumbs up become that
patron you choose my brown girl button
