hey guys it's jolzi yes I have a had and
I really really wear hat but I got these
mock-ups of these smart brown girl hats
and I want to know your thoughts my head
is way too big for hats is this how you
wear them it's just like Instagram how
does inaudible pose
and if you wouldn't want the button this
is a button on my smart brown girl
patrons get in supporting me
yes become a patron make a pledge to my
patreon account get you a button you
actually get to so let's roll into this
video you here you click on the title
right you wouldn't know what I mean
protests and hashtags don't work this is
what I've been hearing a lot for the
past week you know I don't really know
what to make of 2016 in 7 months it's
been a hell of a year we have celebrated
our blackness and then watched it be
torn down we have fought for it we have
given our glory all our joy
it's been amazing it's been depressing
it's been emotionally exhausting within
the month of July specifically watching
black bodies and continue to be beat
down and stuffed out and just the
general disrespect that we've seen we
are all very exhausted in continuing to
see and I keep saying extrajudicial
killings the police brutality I think we
need to understand exactly why we're
exhausted and where a lot of our device
in this within the community is coming
from as we discuss how to move forward
from this we were told that the
protesting and marching already happened
by our respectability politics so deeply
ingrained in our community because we
were told that Martin Luther King
already marched
Malcolm X already sacrificed for the
fight Cassius became Muhammad we had
Diana before Beyonce
Michael imprint changed pop culture he
just these things matter to her but
we'll identify these things already
happened so all you gots to do go to
school do our homework
rebook be inspired by that black
neurosurgeon with the gift of hands go
to college get you a good job pull up
our pants press our hair out nice and a
enunciate to succeed in life we have
progressed a lot but we still ain't free
just look at history every time black
bub when a piece of solace the white
people come roaring back trying to beat
us down after the Emancipation
Proclamation after slaves are freed we
had one of the most racist presidents in
the history of United States of America
who basically is when the police came
about like states started started to
organize police departments and have
sheriffs and put laws that basically
we're meant to police the Negro to
police black people who could wikipedia
Andrew Johnson kept coming through with
the civil rights movement who have like
all this black excellence creeping out
in the 70s and 80s and then we get hit
with a crack epidemic but it's
interesting because the response to that
was a deeper inculcation of
respectability politics and I think
there's a whole other video as a home of
the conversation about why we entrenched
ourselves more into that but that's
where you got the crime bill coming out
of it you know not to sidetrack we came
out of that we pushed further into
respectability politics and some of us
did strive and did achieve a certain
level of comfort and we thought that
that was gonna be how we were allowed to
get the basic respect of being human
beings and then Trayvon Martin happened
and that was a slap in the face to all
the respectability politics Trayvon
Martin comes from a middle-class black
family he was walking to his daddy
neighborhood it was a no reason for him
to die it's this idea that we think that
becoming these objectively good Negroes
will save us and then after Trayvon we
then have Jordan Davis and it's like a
double whammy
you know and I've met Jordan Davis's
parents in in the most endearing way
they are absolutely bougie black folks
these were not the young black men that
were supposed to be black bodies
swinging in the southern breeze out of
that came the hashtag black lives matter
which was started by three young black
women and then in the summer 2014 we
have Michael Brown and the hashtag then
kind of morphs into a movement though
it's not so Coley's I don't know that
the movement would have had such an
authority or such a presence had it not
been for the hashtag starting off the
Trayvon Martin Trayvon allowed us to put
our SPECT ability policies to the side
Michael Brown was not give
that same respect or that same privilege
the people on the ground were so
passionate
they were so invested they were so
involved they did not give up they
continued to protest that we couldn't
ignore it they were not going to allow
us to ignore the deaths of poor black
folk that's why we are now exhausted
we're exhausted because while we believe
that the protesting was already done it
was already fought for and won and it
feels like something new for us but it's
not new technology is bringing what we
left behind roaring in our faces
throughout the ambivalent to say that
protesting or the hashtags don't work or
they don't do anything
protesting whether it's with black lives
matter whether it's with student unions
or humans in general protesting was
never meant to be the actual change of
the solution protesting has always been
a way to get people's attentions to
amplify a voice to get people who might
not have a personal investment in this
to become aware and become invested and
the only reason you are exhausted is
because the people on the ground have
not been quiet they have not laid down
they have not sat down they kept
marching they kept walking and now
they're getting all this attention and
it's changed the way even media talks to
us it's changed the way we are pop
culture is influenced it's changed the
way we hold our politicians accountable
shift our focus right we elected Obama
in 2008 we're like wondering how why we
sit in the comfort of our own home has
changed not progress protests in the
1960s then just magically changed things
people had to come up with plans they
had to be invested they had to be
committed and we are just getting to the
investment part of La Jolla just
becoming what within the past two years
there is a way to have a conversation
about moving past the protesting what
about moving from now you have me
invested how do I stay committed that is
the conversation but you can do that
without the sparging the work that has
already been done on the ground is gonna
continue to be done on the ground by the
protesters it's like you don't have to
be as angry as them you don't have to
protest in the same form that they do
your protest can be personal to you
I feel like I'm active in engaging this
dialogue on YouTube that is my form of
protest I'm not gonna stop protesting
after going to the dance protest I will
continue to participate in protesting
that I feel like is amplifying the
causes that I believe in I am NOT going
to ever participate in violence I don't
know how people dismiss protesting and
then talk about picking up arms like
what do you want what you getting a gun
for who you say in a fight level like
really at the point where you start
shooting a gun didn't know you already
Deborah Lai really the protesting and
the hashtags are why a lot of y'all are
able to even articulate why you're mad
at Hillary Clinton but was there to
remind you of what happened in 93 in
2008 and these random bills that were
passed that a lot of us were asleep on
because we thought we had a black
president there was nothing else to
worry about it is the agitators in the
society I mean Frank's Phaeton wrote a
whole book about cause the wretched of
the earth girl is long windy as air cuz
he wrote it in French and French folk
French Pickers are just long windy you
ain't even gotta read the whole book
just skim the first chapter not none of
this is new everyone doesn't have to
unanimously agree in order for change to
happen fully absolutely believe that we
can have a conversation about moving
forward about impacting change I am so
happy to the dialogue that has come
about like this small slice of hope and
this is a very exhausting because we
keep hearing about it and these people
on the ground have done so much work to
amplify these voices that we can't be
sleep on it like it's very hard to
ignore what's happening and now there's
entire group means and discussions and
people will try to be more strategic and
you know there is questioning and
pushing back an accountability and
saying hey well let's have this boycott
the boycott let's be more strategic
about it great some things are gonna
happen that you might not 100% agree on
but they're happening they're starting
and there's room to build and grow and
that is a beautiful thing so allow us to
continue to be beautiful black folk who
are woke do what you do and utilize
whatever your voice is whether it's
through your hands through your actual
voice or through your physical presence
do what you need to do to be invested in
your community stay awesome
