hey guys it's josie and i haven't put up
a video all week let's just plan what's
been going on i'm sure by the title you
know what you're here for we're beyond
what's been going on with black lives
matter my life has kind of been a little
done done since I kind of car accident
on jun 23 I was hit my car was totaled I
was are sad about that we roll into the
Alton sterling shooting which I watched
because the video Auto played on my
Twitter and I just sat in disbelief and
then it was already like what Z blue I
log on to facebook like wednesday night
and there is lavish Reynolds like
holding all her composure together as
her boyfriend is like gasping his last
breast with her four-year-old child in
the backseat and then this police
officer with the gun through still
through the window yelling explicit us
at them and I really just felt so so we
are talking about the police brutality
and what you should really be calling
extrajudicial killings extra-judicial
killings just realizing how much more
black people are look so negatively upon
because when lavish was like the cop was
like yelling at her and she said no
worries sir you know when I say no
worries I say no worries because I don't
want you to perceive me in a certain way
I'm not going to be a sassy black I'm
not having any of your stereotype any of
her negative pejoratives against black
women I'm not trying to let you have any
of those and in a moment when her
boyfriend is like dying she says no
worries because she knows where this
video is going and she knows how people
will tear her apart because they are
gonna perceive her as a poor black woman
emotionally it was already super heavy
for me it's like y'all I'm trying to
change how I perceive the world how I
proceed people I'm gonna change how we
are perceived I go to the black lives
matter march because i live in downtown
Dallas and I felt like maybe somebody
had like a better way of articulating
inter had the magical answer and I was
feeling so helpless and so I walked I
walk to Bell Park and I went to the
black lives matter campaign I just
embraced how beautiful what to see all
these diverse black people and white
people and Latino people and see all
these families do a little boy in the
black lives matter with his hands up
that was shooting how beautifully sad
that was and then I understand that I'm
gonna have to commit a part of my life
in order to find this change that some
people are gonna sit at home and
criticize over like I was already hurt
around the way black folk we're talking
I ain't even noticed a white folk just
go around white close x you haven't like
pleasantly like okay make us have great
taste of white people because I went
before my facebook
but acting right I was already sad about
the respectability politics about how
many black people were taking this
opportunity to to further cash trade us
into being the perfect victim and
telling us what we could do better to
become the perfect victim and of course
racing black women and all these things
that is just like black folks don't get
but you're not wet we don't always have
to agree to start change I mean let's
not act like everybody 1964 agree with
each other Brock the end of the march
and they just finished speaking at the
courthouse and the guy was like you know
protesting does not make solutions make
sure you we come to community meetings
you say ms in the community and pay off
to make sure we gets home safe and we're
walk-in back up commerce street and then
boom like that the air gets snatched out
of it people started running I was with
the kate your lifestyle she kind of
looked at me was like come on and I
turned around and I said it well you
know I first of all I run like a duck
yes this like haha like I am a delta so
it works and then also i'm like the
fastest slowest runner ever like i'd be
running my heart going nowhere slow as
what so i was like where am i running to
like what's happening like if somebody's
running after us I'm already dead so at
least let me like let me catch it like
let me broadcast what's about to happen
so I SAT around bus McCaw now how about
snapchat because you know I'm a
millennial narcissistic and yes if I was
to die at the hands of a gun I would
broadcast that absolutely you go no I am
going to control my narrative I turn it
back around and at first if I was a
funny and then all of a sudden I hear
like boo boo boo boo like I hear the
gunshots going off and I'm like wait
what like no light way I'm really
experiencing a mass shooting like a
moment in American history I am right
here right now experiencing it
I still don't know how to process it in
one moment we were having a peaceful
protest I felt some of the helplessness
like kind of sift away I felt like I had
a very very small piece of Silas and
five police officers are now dead the
idea that somebody could easily access
that many guns stockpile and plan he and
even the police who are armed and
trained to stop the bad guy could not
stop this sniper or this attack they
couldn't stop it like think about that
part of what's really sad for me is that
people are now going to use this as a
reason to not participate in protest
this amplifies the criticism that comes
to people that like to benefit from the
sacrifice we don't want to participate
in the sacrifice and on the flip side
I'm already mourning the idea that has
black people we don't have a right to
just be humans and to live and now I
feel like I have to exert extra humility
to show proof of my morning for the
police who lost their life like why is
this my duty when nobody even mourns the
passing of my people I'm looking at
people that were there like there was
one girl whose prize organization I was
gonna look into when I looked into it
she had a video on facebook she stayed
around when the shooting happened and
she was videotaping it like look at this
pig laying on the ground look he got the
pig that like what does that do what
does that do but why do i do i want to
spend time chastising i like am i
feeding of the respectability politics
like there's all these thoughts going
through my head and it's just not there
is no answer I feel like the idea that
we hold on is such a loose
interpretation of the Second Amendment
the civilians nor the police because
problem they had to get a robot with a
bomb attached to it the kind of chaos
that was incited both through the the
negligent reporting that has come out of
this blasting pictures of innocent
people all over the internet I suppose
suspect stylizing Micah Johnson's name
is Micah X Johnson and his middle name
is simply just Xavier violence does
nobody any benefit i will never condone
violent acts it doesn't even make sense
to shoot on the Dallas police like all
it does is in sight chaos it pushes the
violet to become more violent it pushes
our government to become more
militarized and it weighs us down when
negative stereotypes in justifying this
aggressive approach that the police had
been taking oh I don't believe it was
one shooter but I absolutely don't
believe that this was some strategic
plaid done by the police I don't
understand is they're so bright I i
literally touched my home girl the other
day like did I did I really experienced
a mass shooting like that like that to
say it it sounds heavy but it feels so
empty this is just something that's now
part of the American experience and I
feel so sad that at any moment I can't
trust that this piece is real that my
safety is authentic I'm gonna be back
this week with some videos I'm a Jew
Pop's mark will be at the end of the
week I'll be in Seattle because I
finally had my court case hopefully that
will lift some weight off of me but I'll
have some more videos this week dealing
with the black lives matter a holla cha
later juices
