hey guys it's Josie and okay so I've
heard your request and I am trying to
stay committed because I have a patreon
account and if you are somebody who
likes to request things and I have been
fulfilling your requests become a smart
brown girl patron get you a blessed and
I'm bothering button too and also as I
pin this on to my nice white smart brown
girl crop top I have these in four
different designs and there's a 15%
coupon that's down below just for the
crop tops but you guys have asked that I
do a review of the BT Awards I'm gonna
keep playing in my hair because I didn't
intend for it to come out to look like
this it's crochet braids I'm who dry and
then dip curled it and it's just it's
interesting but wasn't what I had in
mind I mean what is there really to talk
about with the BT Awards BEP did step
their game up I don't know that that's
coming from a very high barometer anyway
this is this is gonna sound so shallow
but we have to look at how much the
black lives matter movement and I this
isn't their goal right but the
accountability that has come with that
and they've empowered a lot of us to
have voices they've empowered a lot of
us to speak up to put our money where
our mouth is to hold people accountable
and there's been a lot of greater effort
because for a long time BT was kind of
floundering in how it spoke to the black
community and I think this is a really
good beginning step towards them being
more about the black community even
though they are a white black owned
business you know why I'm just I'm just
happy there's some better representation
going around to open the show Beyonce
performs I believe be honest I took an
ancestry DNA test it came back to her
she was black me black black black black
as fuck and she is running with it cuz
that was just of all my blackness felt
so much joy watching that performance I
don't even know what a Creole part of
beyonce is that right now I feel like
you've got left back exact squeeze or
something
it says article 9 on Thursday we gotta
go find the Creole part to be honest
like right now she's just all Negro
didn't even have no baby hairs last
night they was all braided uh you know
give me my 40 acres my reparations you
read your tiny hiko school I see yo dick
Lamar I feel like a true-blue hotep
however I love me some Kendrick you know
only hopes have I'm ever gonna love
Beyonce just you know why she be honest
French tributes were actually enjoyable
it was on Twitter the whole time the BT
Awards was running I was watching it
live and the kind of slander that like a
jennifer hudson caught for screaming
through purple rain pay tribute to
Prince I just didn't see no problems
with it
Bulow we need to do a braid tutorial for
that braid pattern so y'all can have all
y'all weasel anus I hit a little bit of
leave out twist it up down the middle
silky link was soaked there with the
Prince eyelets actually I just want
everyone who did a tribute even down to
their outfits they were paying homage I
could totally tell that Questlove was
the musical director for them Prince
tributes pick up all them deep cuts at
all of us casual Prince fans what song
is this
Oh Dorothy Parker okay
yeah her I never heard that song before
it was lit though Bulow hit that Jay I
was cute you know even Janelle Monae
she's always fully covered turtleneck
down showed up at a booty cheek and
Janelle's I body so you know we'll take
whatever we get it girl it's just maybe
wish that Prince was here to enjoy it he
would have genuinely got all his life
during that tribute and given all the
shady and like yes this is for me faces
during the tribute pieces feel like with
Alicia Keys performance there is maybe a
deeper conversation somewhere to be had
about how much slander she catches for
being with a married man but a married
man himself we just like ain't nobody
distance with meets like that I don't
know but then she comes out and does
things like that's not actual good like
I like her new single I just don't like
the outfit the shades there's no makeup
free like says you wealthy don't am I
gonna hear about this with no makeup
Brigade from a wealthy woman who can
have all the skincare routines the cover
of what's ever happening fair like now
we don't have to sign for it then she
like threw something at the end I was
just like off what else was there
Maxwell's face during the designer
performance y'all can get y'all
Carribean cousin designer both both of
whom is Caribbean Maxwell Haitian and
what design designers Bayesian or
something his name is royal Sibyl and
he's from Brooklyn
so get to the Jesse Williams feature
because honestly anything else to talk
about is just shade and it it come on
girl but why does everyone want to hear
what I have to say about it when he's
calling out black men and what have they
done with it they've turned it into an
argument if they've thrown it back on
but black women when we be talking this
that yeah yeah I don't never support us
maybe you alive you all whining what
with me asked Negro don't know about
like no tea no shade but Jesse was
calling out a lot of Yahoo as well I
look I look after these what y'all owe
me to say y'all know I agree with Jesse
by been saying is and they will be
coming for me when I try to check the
one that I tractability politics one it
so it's really not about my opinion on
this really isn't the opinion we need to
be looking for we need to hear our black
men reaffirm this but like it's not the
okay Corral all the black women don't
need to get together and be like yeah
says yes no no no you need to turn to
your man's in them
yo brother cousins your uncle's died
Negro who you mad about because you
touches him and it took him ten point
five seconds too long to reply do text
message tell him discuss that speech
with the women in the comments of my
Sandra bland video talk about what all
she to do is be respectful and she still
be here but I will behoove you if I
consider into a reaction to Kanye West
and his shenanigans I can do a reaction
so so just see wait so we will play this
video cuz Viacom has been taking it down
I've had the B et website don't get that
much traffic and this is their one
opportunity to get that traffic this is
also in particular for the black women
in particular who have spent their
lifetimes dedicated to nurturing
everyone before themselves we can and
will be better for you accurate again
did you did you play for your husband so
your part
spread it amongst the men know that
police somehow managed to de-escalate
disarm and not kill white people
everyday message all of us in here
getting money that alone isn't gonna
stop this dedicating our lives to get
money just to give it right back for
someone's brand on our body when we
spent centuries
with brands on our bodies and now we
pray to get paid for brands on our
bodies so right there a young Jesse
Williams it's been a hot 16 about how we
are a capitalistic driven society and we
are now paid slaves you see he told you
did you catch the message that get your
money is not how to get free but freedom
is somehow always conditional here
you're free they keep telling us but she
would have been alive if she hadn't
acted so free this is this is for the
white people that occasionally watch be
et I mean my editor in Dallas news got
me writing about this man so I know why
he was watching it this is also for the
black folk and I'm trying to tell you I
live in Texas bruh
everybody on Facebook is repost in these
statuses about the McKenney cop who
dragged the black girl not getting any
charges pressed about her but guess what
none of my Texas friends posted about it
all my Coast people was up in Tarzan
everybody in Texas as a matter of fact I
have friends on my facebook list that
are in Texas at the polls posting videos
like these Negroes learn from a Kenny
last year I live in a state where
respectability politics are strong
because there are communities of wealthy
black folk and we are steeped dogmatic
aspects of the good humble quiet Negro
if you have a critique for the
resistance for all resistance and you
better have an established record of
critique of our oppressed we have to
talk about that line - because he's talk
about you I think everybody was
applauding - Jesse sweeten y'all all
wanted me to talk about it which I got
really ready bit like he talked about
you know since he's telling you he's
telling us because another thing I see a
lot of and I'm not trying to say that
anybody is above reproach or criticism
it is that I see a lot of slander about
social justice warriors a lot of slander
particularly directed at DeRay right
mackensen I get that there are aspects
about him that people can be critical
about and I've seen very scant amounts
of respectful criticism but people
educated black low black pump in other
situations might be legitimate friends
with somebody like DeRay criticized just
because it's enjoyable to be contrary
and it's enjoyable to
to be a hater and to be Petty and we do
these things and applaud each other for
them and I know I mean I don't catch it
in real life because we're gonna hold on
check me boo but now I know that there's
criticism that people approach to me
just because they don't like how I do
things but what are what are you what
are you doing burying black people out
of sight and out of mind while
extracting our culture our dollars are
entertainment like oil black gold
ghettoizing and demeaning our creations
than stealing them gentrifying our
genius and then trying us on like
costumes before discarding our bodies
like rinds of strange fruit therapies
talk about Justin Timberlake Audrina
Jackson you're wrong Justin there he
talked about Kylie Jenner and the
cornrow girl this all the Kylie Jenner
across this you are the thing is that
just because we're magic doesn't mean
we're not real there's so many ways to
take that one that we are human we
deserve human respect do not expect that
twice as good Theory girl that we would
levy that on to a young black child that
they always would do more in order to be
appreciated or and accept it and as you
could celebrate their magical minutes
right we could celebrate our greatness
as a community but also understand that
we are allowed to be human we are
allowed moments of less than this and
disrespect a person with basic dignity
the one last thing I wanted to address
is the comments around Jesse being of
the light-skinned variety people kind of
saying that he's only on that stage
because of his privilege she has this
audience because of his privilege now
Jesse Williams definitely benefits from
light-skinned racially ambiguous
privilege Jesse Williams also knows that
he benefits from this privilege and so
it's not that we can't appreciate those
who have this privilege or who
strategically use the privilege to
amplify the voices of the community
which is what jesse is doing and it's
not like jesse has become the face of
everything as if Jesse's the only one
that we talk about and it's also not
like Jesse doesn't uplift other people
in the community he is very vocal about
supporting and speaking up and pushing
forward other
individuals in the community who we
might not give the credence for his
celebrity and his racial ambiguous
light-skinned privileged how benefit I
feel like amongst black men though we do
absolutely celebrate our black men more
so than we celebrate black women who
speak up so I don't think he's
singularly representing a sign of people
that no one else has ever begged up from
I mean what is direct I've always find a
way it's a twist and slammed in a black
woman like brah get y'all cropped out
deuces
