okay so obviously I'm on the camera with
no makeup and my hair is not dead I like
I'm like why do I have to get super
dressed up to do a YouTube video
especially when I'm doing once that I
feel like maybe all five of you were
gonna wow I've been getting tweets
comments on videos that I'm nothing to
do with the topic about me reviewing the
reboot of the roots and to be honest and
yes I know the sentiment is child
additional you know I enjoyed watching
underground I enjoyed reviewing it
however y'all didn't really watch the
reviews and that messes up my analytics
for the month and I took a really big
hit with that um it's just it that's why
it's really important you thumbs up the
video that you comment that you're doing
gay copy that this is super super
childish underground that offset on gift
boxes to people that supported them in
that first season not me those four part
series I definitely think the roots redo
it was very good I think it's definitely
worth watching this we all we do is
slave narratives I've been talking about
that already you can go watch my first
view for underground I discuss it there
is tire is try and it's not sure my
favorite part was part two I think that
was the one where I was most emotionally
evoked part one and two were really
really good part 3 got a little Campion
part for like Chicken George and then ti
with the veneers it's just I just just
think I like the way they kind of showed
the connection obviously to West Africa
they show kind of how hard and how much
of a show bow and how much she had to
fight to maintain any aspect of his
culture which I think definitely speaks
to this conversation one about our
African Americans appropriating what's
African culture which I wish would just
stop talking about it because like
930-10 you're actually putting out your
own African cousins appropriating your
culture not African Americans but
somehow I life of SS anyone front of it
to it also hits on this idea that
african-american
means either don't have a culture or
that our culture is fade or that we
somehow the onus is on us for the lack
of culture that we have I don't one
thing after American top-level culture
travel outside the America see how
influential we are now are this IDR to
this idea that African culture is any
more pure or authentic than
african-american culture especially when
you consider how hard kind of Kunta
Kinte had to fight for me I got kind of
wrapped up in like WIC Izzy storyline
and feeling like oh my gosh I was a
bright spot like I cared about Kizzy
like this is happy she can read she's an
educated magical black girl and she got
the silky how her hair come out so silky
ok nevermind that's just you know that
moment where you hope you finally found
that piece of joy and it immediately
gets redder than every at every turn and
every piece of hope that they held onto
the white man came down and took it away
from them like you keep thinking Koontz
is gonna run away and he like he almost
gets there and then he gets caught again
and then they chop his todo appreciate
that this version of the roots is a lot
more Hollywood so you know there's still
the love story elements they did kind of
the slaves even in their grimy pneus are
still beautiful they still kind of feed
into the mainstream appeal it still kind
of beautifies the period they make up in
the necessity in having to be visually
pleasing and just being very honest
about there was nothing joyous or
enjoyable about the slave narratives and
I've been to plantations in the United
States and you do constantly hear what I
well at least they had these log cabins
and nobody really had a lot back then
and they you know the whole mammy trove
it matter what piece of joy you got you
didn't own that joy in at any moment it
could be taken from you and I think part
to really kind of honed in that message
even with specially Kizzy storyline with
the slave owners niece or daughter
whatever the white girl um I'm a
hardback yellow number child name but
that child and I almost believed that
they were genuinely friends like they
that they did a damn good job with that
whole sequence and then when the girl
you know even
claiming that she loved kids he'd be
like how could you do this to me and
allowing kazie to be sold like she
didn't put up a fight for her friend in
the lease this is issue we still have
today the passing on of familial well
and I guess for a slave who literally oh
nothing that familial wealth would come
in knowledge and education so in that
Kizzy learn how to read but her children
or Chicken George did not learn learn
how to read because Kizzy didn't teach
her son how to read when he was younger
because she wanted to protect him and
keep him from you know losing his limbs
essentially again we look at
african-americans today we have all
these ideas about who they should be in
the respectability politics which I to
push on each other and this coming and
saying that african americans are lazy
and when it really is a system that has
been in place for generations that has
led to the state of where we're at today
i also thought it was really great that
they showed and i don't know if people
really caught on to this Kizzy the guy
she was sold to that's late master and
I'm him being Irish because so often
especially with the rise of Trump and
yadda yadda yadda people constantly
talking about well my people with slaves
to me I think they show the duality of
like the slave master being Irish and
not fitting in to into the social circle
of the other slave masters but he was
just as oppressive still disrespectful
did not see blacks as humans like no
matter how much other white disrespected
the slave master he was still seen as a
human being that deserve certain basic
DNI's which he did not grant to his ways
because they were his face he fell he
owned them and he essentially lied to
Chicken George about friends family kind
of mash up with the Civil War um
reenactment TI's 2 2016 for the roots
like honestly nothing about CIA 1865 TI
i enjoyed the bulk of the acting choices
to see forest whitaker play fiddler and
even the whole breakdown hit his death
it's like it was just you just realize
kind of
how simple it was to just snap someone
out because they were not seen as human
beings so proud and so privileged that
my ancestors went through this and and
withstood this for me to be able to even
sit here and have this conversation with
you because this is not light and I
think the roots really kind of show like
that middle passage and just even you
got you there was just no break for four
to three hundred years I come from a
people who just were beaten down
constantly and the most sadistic wait
like this was says there was nothing
light and airy and happy about this
experience how are you happy with this
review do you like my Frederick Douglass
hair is it giving you lying said this
wasn't beautiful right who said I
couldn't walk out the house like beat
and by how to snatch waistline and just
a few baby hears you'd be saying this
was cute you know you would if you liked
this content you definitely should have
already thumbs up and become a patreon
support alright for me doing this for
the people's deuces
