oh my gosh the underground season finale
will child that was whoa thumbs up this
video you already know if you're one of
the people that's been waiting at the
door for this review I hope you've
already supported smart brown girl and
turned off your ad blocker and become a
patron but oh we've already learned that
i watch everything with a critical eye
but I am just so very happy that there
will be a season two underground even
though we have to wait for 2017 for it
to get to us like can't they buy the
trying to Rio schedule fall 2016 like
what's good so a lot of holes that I saw
on the second half of the season and
even in this finale I think they were to
allow the storyline to continue into
season two because they didn't know when
they originally launched the show
whether it would be renewed or not so as
much as I wanted all guests Toby dead
dead dead I do understand why you got to
live even though I think you should
still be DS this dude just flat out
refuses to die Ernestine Steen the true
OG lines this episode with the prayer of
st. Francis and a pristine I just knew
she was up to some slick I could
not have been the only one during that
scene with Tom making singing hurt at
all faked me out love blue and then
attempts to soups teen sorrow over him
killing their firstborn son by fingering
her like I just knew this bridge was up
to something during that scene I ain't
never know nobody to beat that relieved
over fingering let's keep it one hunnit
and this is 1837 so I'm sure that white
man did not know what to do with his in
time was acting putting on a show the
massage tom aikens ego making him feel
like there was a chance for forgiveness
cuz Oh bitch his index his middle finger
holds absolutely no magic trust you mean
and then when steins that she feels like
she's being punished for her wrongdoings
when she's already a slave what does
salvation look like to her like her
master being lynched that whole high
setup have to give it to them it was
slick though I don't understand how Noah
can walk away from a
kaito but then be ready to save this
random boys like when they're that close
to freedom especially in an open field
when his trail is mad hi okay season 2
i'll see you in season 2 noah and i
guess i have to see this any ugly bitch
patty in season two as well I am
disgustingly excited to see this evil
white woman's cuz ya ass for
deconstructing the trove of white
woman's innocent fragility who sat in
the background while slavery was
happening now these holes was active
participants that allowed the structures
of oppression to flourish showa season
to wonder brown we're here for it like
susanna makin putting ernestine back on
the slave auction block that whole
speech was just cold-blooded talk about
steam borer her free Labor's and monies
while laying up with her husband and
bearing her husband's children but in
steam killin time as much as it was like
an oh my god this crazy I'm glued
to my TV in the moments what was the
long game intentions for seen what was
the long game intentions for scenes if
she had no plans to run away like you
kill your master then you stay on the
plantation with his wife who you already
know don't like you an art maybe Steve
was just resigned to her play in life
and she was going to do as that prayer
says who the partners so that she will
be pardoned it is dying to sell that we
are born to eternal life okay see what
does he'll look like for a slave I guess
he had to send Tom first so we could let
her know how it is even though everyone
else had to die August is obviously
proven to be Thor killed three men by
himself hopped about the rubble after a
whole floor fell on him to go yippee up
on a horse and chase after Rosalie how
did this may even get into the crossface
and John Hawkes we got time to kill Kyle
by strangling with one hand what happens
when the blood flow stopped running in
your hand because you press on this man
faced a lot did we not have pillows back
then no I don't believe folk is dead
until we see them dead on a screen
because there goes tato tato big mad mad
mad broken and mad don't trust no
a mag Kato is fain to be day your us
it's easier to we got Noah and August in
jail are they in the same marshals jail
Ben and Kate Oh still alive I got
nothing to live for but everything to
kill for and Rosalie made it to freedom
with boo though I missed this part was
freedom Indiana or Ohio and considering
where we at in 2060 I think those
appreciate the options going to need to
take your West Toronto get you a
drugged-out seat we're going too far
though as soon as she says she's going
back to free the others I knew the only
OG truer that Stein had to appear on my
TV screen that silhouette hopped up on
my count I was here for it I'm here for
it i'm excited for season 2 the actors
playing her sounded like Danielle Brooks
from orders a new black but now with
some other chick but still Slater says I
am slightly nervous though because
approaching Harriet as a character in a
TV show is a delicate we got to be
delicate but i am very height as well
and season two I would like the Hawks to
work on securing their crawlspace miss
me with the dark scam brew black man
fall in love with light skin how strong
slave and Ernestine can continue to
maliciously give no about her
white slave masters Wow the truth og of
them all Harriet puts Rosalie on to how
to breathe owes who are more American
than Trump whoa thank you thank you
thank you to the creators the
researchers the hope everybody that was
involved in underground no matter my
critiques of the show this is awesome if
you have not watched it go back and
watch it i think it's age appropriate to
watch with like 12 and over it's a very
important story to tell as much as we
want to be tired of slave narratives it
is a very true part of our history and
you think you might be tired of it but
what has your child learned about it you
know the story has to keep being told
because we can never but get in for me
it is triumph it is not victimhood it is
survivor it is the community and culture
in which we come from it is just the
strength of what it means to be
african-american and the projects we
should carry within ourselves it is an
awesome awesome TV show so thank y'all
for watch it thank y'all for the all
five of you that watched all my reviews
on the show I say committed because of
you I stuck with it alright see you with
season two deuces
you're blessed croptop smart brown girl
