hey guys it's Josie and tell me you add
leather so we can get right into this
underground episode with episode 9 rig
view okay and shout out to all my smart
brown girls who watched commented fellas
dump my review of Beyonce's lemonade and
turn the ad blocker off cuz when I tell
you it makes all the difference
shout out to you let's get into this I
was looking for my notepad where I wrote
down my notes and I realized I didn't
write my notes on my notepad because I
read a paper but I wrote on my phone and
look at my cute little unbothered phone
case can you see it ooh smart brown girl
rap this is the last episode before the
season finale underground is coming back
for a season two which I am super
excited about even though the last two
episodes for me I've just kind of been
like a but you know what show has really
really really big fluid all the way
through the first season like when I
think back about my favorite shows
whether it was like Boardwalk Empire the
wire Breaking Bad it's good right
like it grabs you but it does kind of
flounder because they're just getting
their footing and it's kind of that test
of whether the shows are we gonna last
through a season two so when I say
anything less than great about
underground I'm still looking forward to
season two I still think it has a lot of
potential and I think I'm hoping and
praying they come back harder and
stronger in that season and it'll pull a
scandal or Empire we're just get super
super soap opera itch like melodramatic
because they have this following on
social media but I think it's such a
good story this is a necessary story
that I'm kind of okay with the things
that I might have a hard time digesting
in season one so first thing that Macy's
in this episode hard for me is like does
everybody gots to die like if the always
here whole journey Somalia Rosalie my
sister twin who she like brutally
stabbed or will do was on the ground
bleeding like he should have been dead
he can survive why can't Ben survive
why Ben kind of died I mean the man they
killed Kaito
please tell me Kato I really doc I said
last review back my willing suspension
of disbelief they were kind of testing
those limits and care don't come back
and survive that yeah I don't know if I
would believe that every life but that's
okay just make a magic he's back his
mother Sondra here cuz she raised from
the dead one season two with the the
dark skin fill me girl falling enough
for the light skinned house what slave
then George Teen Wolf already write
about this in the countries iam isn't
it's already a bygone trope of
african-american media like I don't
really care for the love story supply
between Rosalie and Noah music stay
slaying however episode nines opens up
with I was like oh first no music stay
swinging how did Noah recover so quickly
I thought like he would he got shot
like he just max but he didn't even get
no medicine from Rosalee and my duel is
up and running and able to out survive
Kato that was just a little ok and we
see topic is abolitionist brother
attempting to buy a slave and I believe
I don't wasn't really clear about what
happened in that whole scene where
Hawkins is that dudes house but the
slave auction is he paid $700 for this
one girl and then the dude who was the
the white guys talking about his slave
who's serving them tea right and he's
saying he puts he will never really run
away because now he can hear my rigo's
so I think there's bells on his feet or
something right like he has shackles on
it like he has some sort of bells
attached to him that he can't take off
but isn't this is that the guy that
helped them set up their house to be
part of the Underground Railroad and I
thought dude had his papers like and
dude ran away only to run away to
Kentucky
I'm there's pieces that I'm not
connecting probably because the early
episodes had me so it might feel like I
was half watching like oh wait what so
you know certain characters names I just
don't remember who's who all the time
but I was like is that the dude from
earlier on was Hawkins basically there
to rescue him was that the whole subplot
that was happening and that was kind of
going back and forth they they used that
as kind of a flashback scene it wasn't
very linear happening so I was a bit
confused about that did he take the girl
with him when they do try like what
happened to the other people because
basically they were gonna play a game of
darts and then the dude stabbed him and
says and I know you're so told I was his
brother
but don't money talk like if he's paying
for the slave doesn't really matter that
he's the abolitionist cuz even get you
Sam and Alex you want to kind of spend
more time for honey he got the seven
honey so I don't I I was maybe I need to
go back and rewind apparently the
devil's herb The Devil's ear whatever a
herb Rosalie picked up makes you
hallucinate okay
so she puts it in the pocket of her
dress she takes her dress off and throws
it in the fire to caused the smoke to
rise up but I was just confused as to
how her and August end up hallucinating
was bezel loosening too late is that
whole episode a dream I still just wanna
know why bang got a guy like I am NOT an
agriculturist
I can't even keep my house plants alive
so somebody in the comments down below
let me know what was up with him herbes
and what that was all about because that
kind of it confused me as well but I
bought bills where I was like why does
this show stay try to give me to have
sympathy for the white man
because I delish it feel bad about that
get back to the Hawkins house where John
rolled up he finds out his wife does
slept with the the duel who somehow is
in their basement right I feel like I
watched that look like in the morning
really
go back and re-watch it cuz I'm just
like oh hai c√°i' all end up tied up in a
basement who tied up in the basement
where did boo get the gun oh she took
the gun out the door but that drawer is
so much taller than her how does she
figure this all oh boy I gangsta gangsta
but last episodes for me I'm looking for
something to be a bit more congruent but
I'm still appreciating I'm really
interested in seeing what the finale
presents us and I'm really really
interested in seeing where the story
progresses in season two because right
now they like and not to be like
Kentucky is close to Georgia because
it's Theta cross through Tennessee and
they in Kentucky I mean but they're only
in Kentucky you mind you like it what's
about what's Kentucky in 2016
still racist so um yeah I don't know
what's gonna happen I'm interested in
seeing how much further along with in
the finale
they put them the interest so let me
know in the comments down below how did
you feel about this episode
am I missing some major details am I
just being slow yo catch a girl let let
her know all right
deuces
