hey guys it's Julian it's time for
another review of the most recent
episode of underground now before we get
into it it's imperative that you thumbs
this video up comments along engagement
to discussion board and allow me to
continue to do videos like this and
ignore how many people do or no wanna
chat support by becoming a patron to my
feature on page I have the 4c natural
hair guy that guy for the kinky coily
curly girl the kinky coily curly girl
who thought that baby hair slicked up
those with spring for that is a long
title but I love it $5 holla ebooks to
help you out with your natural hair and
even always shops my brown girl calm I
haven't worn a smart brown girl shirt if
I'm I guess maybe my last three videos
we gonna get back to it does lose my
blush really strong I did my makeup like
a snapchat filter excuse me okay this is
going up late I did plan on putting up
two videos today because I want to be
consistent with doing underground videos
the day after it airs however prints
passing away at 57 is entirely like blue
my whole high like it I gotta take a nap
anyone I got devastated like I feel like
somebody I knew in real life like passed
away I was getting to run around now
this episode but was rough girl it was
rough but it was just it was well done
like shut out to cinematography shout
out to Raphael Saadiq and the other
chick that does the music supervision
and taking these old Negro spirituals
and customizing them to fit the scene
and the feel and evoke such strong
emotion into the episode I went to this
point all the children in this show had
been secondary characters and one the
kids amazing acting skills like these
kids did it
at any time you kind of deal with
childhood it's gonna evoke a higher
level of both of emotion because we do
perceive children to be innocent and I
think a lot of times when we talk about
slavery we tend to only look at it from
like this adult perspective
there's a lot of parallels to the
modern-day african-american community
and hopefully people are watching this
show and kind of understanding opens up
with you see this guy's hands he's
making me go wafers now I looked up
Nikko wafers
they were sugar candy like became really
popular during the civil wars I did a
lot of rewinding this episode because I
was so in tears I was so in my feel that
I was missing scenes because I was
wiping my eyes the wafer is kind of
parallel there's something that's so
simple and so innocent and honestly I
can't imagine a sugar wafer in the 19th
century tasting decent disfraces like
trash
but it represents childhood and you see
it in the Masters house you see in the
Hawkes house that are hiding runaway
slaves the white kids all kind of have
access to it and then it's constantly
handed off to the black slave children
as kind of like a consolation for their
lack of humanity almost kind of a
deceptive sense of childhood that they
don't really have ownership over you get
any of this that has everybody in their
fields is James being transitioned from
the house into the field and this is a
direct impact from the nasty-ass
Reverend from the Reverend who is
commandeering in the name of
Christianity in the name of the one
above that master Macon needs to be more
strict on his slaves and so James who is
his own child is sent into the cotton
field where they hired a new overseer
who's guiding double these tricks
because of the run away when Ernestine
is talking to James and preparing him to
go out in the field and then in the
background they were playing this song
and it was referencing Joshua who was
like second to Moses and he led the
Israelites out of where were they at at
the time girls don't have any lying
about the Bible he is the one that led
the Israel's into Canaan they walked
around the wall that took that and
enclosed Canaan and they blast their
ram's horn and the wall of Jericho came
tumbling down and that signifies the
Jews coming in out of slavery and then
slavery was no longer condoned
this is symbolism of Joshua and the wall
of Jericho
had long held a very strong significant
in the black church I feel like I've
heard you know a few sermons about Rahab
it's not how you say it the prostitute
that was in Canaan that would like the
only one allowed the surviving there's a
lot of motifs that tie into how the
african-american community has kind of
risen up out of slavery as much as
people want to say slavery happened 400
years ago like this showed literally
taking a place in 1837 that's not even
200 years ago and then I'm seeing James
like he's like eight years old picking
cotton and I'm like sharecroppers were a
thing like my family with sharecroppers
into the 50s
like migrant workers sharecroppers and
then after that you have other
communities coming into the migrant
workers like I don't even know that this
sort of labor in America has ever ceased
think some of us kind of wanted to
slander Samuel for having opportunity to
run and not running but I think as you
see in this episode there Samuel is
definitely the person that thinks
consistently about people outside of
himself i Loki thinks he will stay
behind because he knew how bad it would
be for the other slaves he stayed behind
even though he felt some betrayal by his
mother he stayed behind for his family
and so anxious to see where his
character goes there's the development
of August the slave catcher I'm just not
a fan of him you know clearly so I'm you
don't care about that his backstory
maybe they'll get into highlighting the
medical history of the United States we
have not been that long out of
practicing lobotomies I don't know if
they were referencing that August white
I had a lobotomy because lobotomies
weren't practiced in the States until
the early 1900s
but I only know what phrenology is
because that's a name of a roots album
and they have the phrenology skull on
the cover of their album and therefore
you know I had to go like maybe at this
time also losing netscape I had to go
halfsies about it I felt like they were
referencing that may have removed her
frontal lobe which is essentially a
lobotomy I don't know that that is
historically correct but nonetheless it
kind of shows just the
any of how we view any sort of mental
health in America or even in the world
at large really it is not the first time
that they showed a what white woman and
kind of like this effervescence pure
light so I was so pissed about the
treatment of James and every other slave
on the plantation that when I see this
country singing a white woman in the
field I'm not a bitch anything like that
time this imagery ain't nobody got time
for this but it was a good ass country
song no I think they might actually had
a country singer sing it in that scene I
I really don't have enough emotional
fucks to give to try to delve into how I
feel about the little boy all this is
son what's his name like Benin or
something and his relationships his
mother somebody tweeted me and asked me
to talk about how August Sun is more
mature than his daddy
I don't think so what a nother motif
that I think is heavy in this episode is
them showing kind of the loss of
innocence for all these kids like the
kids transition I think one it shows
that we all start out in a state but
every behavior is a learned behavior
that I do not have a long-standing
expectation that August Sun is not going
to go after slaves or not be just a
sterile of a slave catcher as his father
I don't personally feel like all gifts
is touching slaves because he feels like
slaves need to be returned to their
masters I think he's catching slaves
because it's an income for him kind of
complexity in August's relationship with
black people in that one of his closest
advisors is a black man it shows the
complexities that the relationship
between blacks and poor white Americans
and I said this in the first review a
lot of the systemic oppression that has
been ingrained in the culture of America
has been upheld by the people that at
least benefits and it's this contrived
ecosystem that they continually and I
mean up to 2016 and poor white flowing
out voting for Trump it don't make no
kind of sense but they are the first one
to hold up this kind of pick in or not
even kid but like literally hold someone
by the neck and keep them down
and but allow people that don't give a
fuck about them to prosper off of their
hard work so I'm gonna hold my entire
judgment on his son until you know we
only have what two three more episodes
Elizabeth and her husband John Hawkes
who are the worst liars it looks like
they're making for the slaves to be
caught and we never found that what
happens in the last way that was caught
in the last time sort of the white guy
that came out of the the chimney even
with her finding boo who has gone
through it I was Moses boos father
killed by the Native Americans I wasn't
I think I was like and that seemed too
so I really couldn't well I wasn't sure
who shot with the arrow did he died from
said arrows so how do you think you're
gonna walk this little black girl back
up the hill and not nobody see you when
you know oh boy Oh Frank boy what is
Chuck her for you
does she give up the box for boo she
traded her her heart that is that what
happened I am again so conflicted we
talked about the treatment of my people
that is beyond humanity
I just I'm having a hard time giving up
that emotion
so I walk in the shower like Oh what is
this I Nikki so now what's gonna happen
to boo because this can't be kept up
fine I really was up more questions that
kind of answer gonna had a really hard
time party with my emotional feels to
give to her but that ish is we see that
Rosalie Noah Cato and Henry are
somewhere in a Native American teepee
though there are no Native Americans
around there was some black guy who left
them to go build a tunnel which I mean I
guess - ace - a young boy who has been
raised as a slave on a plantation the
concept of a tunnel being built through
Georgia like what makes sense how there
are no other Native Americans around
there's nobody to protect them wouldn't
they think that the white man is gonna
run up on them no matter how deep into
Native American territory they are white
men no that wasn't the Americans so I
don't
thus the them landing there and being
that comfortable amongst themselves
didn't make sense but like Henry took
one for the team I had a feeling that
Henry was going to die before they got
to freedom this set up kind of was like
he thought he was always ready to jump
into the mix for his counterparts the
previews for next week I don't know how
Kate over half his face melted off it's
fitting to disguise himself and people
not going other than the runaways
when he passed away I just heard come
Sunday by Mahalia Jackson and Duke
Ellington playing in my head like Lord
they're loyal of love by Almighty God up
above please look down and see my people
through it just like it was just the
most pivotal scene in this entire
episode was the exchange between TR and
James it's set up by Samuel going into
the master's office and say that he
saved up a hundred dollars to buy back
the freedom of James now 1 James to
raise a hundred dollars and we have to
give it I'm not here Harriet Tubman on a
$20 bill that's a whole nother video
unto itself Harriet Tubman had taken $5
to buy her mother's freedom $5 so for a
slave to have a hundred a hundred USD
you know how hard to break his back to
make that money like that is a major
sacrifice Macon telling Samuel that he's
worth five more basically worth $500
tiara witnesses this whole exchange and
then his his father agrees to think
about allowing James to go free for the
hundred dollars who I don't trust none
of nothing that comes out of the making
mouse but whatever he are is on his
horse when he sees Samuel running away
it makes sense to me considering he had
wanted to buy his but his freedom and
then TR going into James cabin and being
like I am gonna change things and James
knew better James got heart in so
quickly his sense of understanding the
direness of the situation he was in and
how untrustworthy Terri's like in that
moment you see how easy it is and when
you perceived to have this level of
innocence and joy and peace in them how
so quickly they can turn because nothing
about TR and James relationship was
honest or was equal see our offering
James some sort of different life in ten
years was simply to Asajj TR it's ego in
the moment that James turned out his
nasty sugar wafers this boy students
were so hurt then he then goes and
snitches on James older brother and that
homo me I knew I knew there was nothing
to trust about any of the words that
came out of TRS mouth he had no only ten
years like you're asking someone to give
more years and he has lived on earth to
living under these super dire
circumstances so you can might maybe
change some things for him that was a
lot this episode was very emotionally
impactful everything from the visuals to
the acting to the music evoke such
strong emotion from me in just having
the opportunity to have a semblance of a
good childhood is such a blessing and
that my ancestors went through this just
so that I could have some sort of joy
that they were never given the moment to
have that is what it really hit me hard
so I hope you're watching underground
let me know what you thought of this
episode and I will see you guys next
week support smart brown girl Dusen
