hey guys it's Jules Ian I haven't done
one of these in a very very long time
but I'll make up even though you have no
interest and what I'm actually putting
on my face you just wanna hear me talk
 the way smart brown girl shirt blue
blue blue blue are still available on
shop that smart brown girl calm and we
did a tech Tuesday video where I give
you all the tips about publishing your
own books so I'm having gonna set it on
I redid the cover and it is now
available on Amazon Kindle
internationally a you buy autographed
copies on Julie comm slash book and this
will help you get all those other things
together like that podcast you won't
like the book club so in this year get
ready with me I went to beautycon the
other week and it actually as much as I
don't like duty events it was so late
mail cuz it I guess berry guy who don't
like free I am that child that was
like yes mama I want to go to BJ's in
Costco with you so I can eat all the
samples first up is our gel brow kit I
don't actually know that I like the
brown side and I can't figure out this
little brush inside and then it came
with this brush and this thing and I
can't I just be using this when I'm like
not trying to get all the way dressed up
and I don't want to use up my good
huh I can't figure out whether or not I
did my brows too thick guys growing them
all the way back in and I only get some
cleaned up a little bit but now I'm
starting to feel like they're too thick
and I want to go back to getting them
out my light skin concealer how are up
you dark spot
so I'm not return to YouTube has been
quite slow from getting back from Ghana
but normally because I'm working on
things behind the scenes blow a lot of
 by myself
and because I decided I was gonna take
one heavier topic like that video I did
about my thought process behind voting
for Hillary Clinton
we just got an offer to shave and it was
as many subscribers as I thought it was
just interesting but you know like being
accused click base and whatever and it's
like Brett I did that whole video cuz I
was like you know really what is my
thought process behind voting and
honestly I don't want to care about any
of the candidates I care more about my
local politics
I voted based on much more complex
reasons and I feel like anyone would
grasp on YouTube by the way this NYX
illuminator using my fav Laura Mercier
all the time but Knicks game was just
dope ass bag and so I'm mixing up the
illuminator I get its gold tint
cuz you know our life to my melanin come
not anti Bernie I don't want to do
that comes across like I'm trying to
tell anyone not to vote for him because
absolutely not at all but like I don't
think people are ready quite frankly for
the policy that bernie is I don't and
not that I'm not ready I'm ready
actually but I don't see I don't think
the general American population is
really gonna make the sacrifice it would
take to really have a social reform in
2017 essentially what's the point from
Bernie constant like this
this is disappointment with Obama we're
my brown skin is where is my brown oh
here we go yeah it comes from us kind of
like with Obama but I think people are
overlooking how the rise of conservatism
happen because a black man and the
threat of social reform came into public
office into the top so what do you think
is that happen with someone who's like
alright I don't I'm really concerned
about conservatives
and if someone who Loki was always a
moderate who ran on a moderate platform
can scare them into creating the Tea
Party and then getting people like Ted
Cruz like at the Senate what's gonna
happen and essentially in essentially
pact law that ensure that states have
autonomy what's gonna happen if someone
even more liberal comes in the office
I'm gonna don't trust that people are
gonna fight the good fight that it takes
and stay invested so I'm not gonna pitch
some like anti Bernie rhetoric I'm just
gonna do whatever I need to do to get
your attention to tell you hey whoever
you go for stay in while locally so that
 can get done so we can see a change
you know hands smart brown girls okay
this is way too easy and I know it's
like okay girl this is not the
talking I was looking for we know but
speaking of that same Hillary Clinton
media you know that thought that like
people be ready to be upset with me and
like no matter what I say they're always
looking at a shade yeah that finding
ways to slander me y'all be lurking
through my comments but you know who's
really bad my friends are bad cuz they
be lurking through my comments and
sending me screenshots of like
laughing but when people try to slander
me with this whole like your support is
dwindling and you're losing I'm not
actually losing like people watch
YouTube for light they watch it
cause it's fun they're not really trying
to look people don't really want to like
have to think and that's probably what
and that's way that I get so much
pushback from encouraging people to
think but like you a state you know hat
 or no new by telling me that I
have less beat but like less subscribers
and somebody else or less people watch
me than when I was doing natural hair
videos I mean uh duh oh that's right you
ain't got to say would you lose man
that's why you gear but yes I'm living
in Dallas I guess you can slander me
about how much I like to move what it
means to be living good like some people
like monotony I'm not one of those
people so we can move on the other
topics right Maybelline contour kit I
love so I'm using twenty which is medium
to deep
I've been sleeping on Maybelline they
probably had like the best table there
and I honestly because all their hot
products I can never seem to find when I
go to my drugstore I'm using the contour
powder just to set in my la girl contour
did you care no actually don't know it's
cool the blush and this is also a really
pretty house it's a blush on the blush
I'm feeling all kinds of specials as I
washed my brushes last night after way
too long and I legit got them clean and
I'm still awake yes my highlight on now
but I've been on tinder you know anytime
in a new city and when I'm traveling I
do use tinder it's a great way to meet
people
no it's not for hookup but don't be
ashamed if you decide to hook up because
we're adults yeah you became sunshine
you know this lime crime palette all my
life I've been looking for these red
colors absolutely in love if you follow
me on snapchat I've been obsessing over
these I'm gonna use this divine color
right here and we're fit into my crease
and a lot of people from like the deep
south Mississippi and then the Midwest
like Indiana Chicago area a lot more
people in different industries than
Houston where everyone's like an
engineer medical creation is Rick color
creation and I've been unmatching man
for all of the pettiest reasons like
today a guy calls me little lady and I
was like oh by and in I've been also
asking men okay
do you like YouTube you watch YouTube
videos ever Oh do you watch Facebook
videos at all okay
so do you know Tariq Tommy boys are you
mark and if you do who's your favorite
and then they have the answer to that I
then unmask them and block them because
we don't do ho test no I know someone's
gonna ask me why what's wrong with them
I don't find them that bad girl just go
ahead and unsubscribe and carry out what
your life I'm not here for it actually
voices Lamarr don't bother me super
super a whole lot but if you trying to
defend Tommy and sorry boo there greener
pastures for you by not commenting on
this video
oh yes where's the brush oh here we go
right bite of my face now I'm taking
this brush I'm gonna go on this peachy
color and pass that into my eyelid man
with those fake face with profiles like
since tinder is look link to your
Facebook page I should be able to find
your Facebook page when I search your
name
and so I I'm both things whereas Kaddu
what's your facebook page like I need to
see it because I need to verify that you
are used that you are the two not hiding
no kids no baby moms and ask everybody
but when something's tipping me off that
like their story isn't adding up I will
ask for it the two times I have asked
for I have accurately proven that this
dude is using a secondary Facebook
account it'd be their pictures it really
be them but like this details aren't
adding up
like when do these tinder profile that
he was 34 when he's like 9:30 on Friday
then why is your butt like why lie about
that white color in the in the corner of
my eye I'm probably overdoing it me no
care because I like to do it I'll take
this dark brown and align the bottom of
my eye with it also how long will I be
single if I keep telling men that WYD
HRU why I always reply to those with
them I don't speak in acronyms how long
will I be single if I refuse to respond
the acronym too many rules
am I too particular don't answer that
cuz I don't engineer Maybelline skinny
pencil I Mabley just had a grab table I
could grab whatever pasta went off the
table and so when they have this I
wasn't thinking much of it and then I
tried it and I'm like oh my gosh it's so
awesome okay so now I just I type in the
 out of myself but what I'm trying
to say is no don't be small-minded which
makes oh that's another one people get
mad when I be like I don't like minded
people or don't be sore minded I'm not
saying you're stupid you could be very
well educated and small-minded I have
small-minded moments I have been
small-minded in my approach to city this
pencil is really good and the way I'm
wearing it if you don't know how to
apply eyeliner if you're world of people
that you can't get your eyeliner
straight what I just did was lying my
eyes and then I smushed it out with a
brush this this mascara I betcha was
like $40 the tardis mascara
lord I need to get like graveyard girl
that hasn't sponsor me but you see that
do you see you cute don't let nobody
ever tell you otherwise
I know Mac lip liner and we do this
chick chestnut
and then I my lips I like the hood liner
on I think I say this about every video
it really helps if you have big lips all
right so now the lipstick I'm using are
from this company called choice they
actually sent this to me they allow you
to pick out like four samples and then a
like high-end lipstick and it's like a
monthly service and so I picked I just
told them what brands I like and they
picked the colors for me and how do they
know that I love a dark lid so this one
oh and this is on the back Burberry this
one's Burberry English Rose this one is
get attain kiss kiss creamy and satin
finish red on fire
this one is Kevyn Aucoin expert lip
color in Dan trees and this one is NARS
pure matte lipstick in Volga leaning
towards the cabinet com1 alright all
this makeup all this talk and I forgot
to set the rest my face with powder so
mineralize skinfinish the light-skinned
one under my eye and then everywhere
else it doesn't have a paper I use
medium deep skin finishes last forever
and a day this is a final look give me
you hipster shoes yes have you been
trying any new brands because literally
the only things that I put on today that
I'm I always use are my la girl my skin
finish and my everything else was new
oh and the lip liner everything else I
put on my face was nude
hello darling how do you do
do this
