hey guys it's Jules II live from Dallas
yes I live in Dallas now and I've been
stalling on addressing the fuckery that
is zoe saldana as Nina Simone in this
noon
do we want to call it a movie but here
we are late as ever at least I am late
as ever to break down all the cultural
references in the two and a half minutes
bullshit that was the Nina trailer
because maybe some people are missing
the point what point are they missing so
we open with the woman being dragged
into a hospital now Hollywood does have
a lot of issues which are also aptly
captured in this two-and-a-half minute
trailer we can start with their
portrayal of mental illness irreverent
of the people who actually live healthy
lives with these illnesses and or those
who live lives of shame while dealing
with mental health issues in real time
the details of her health were never
confirmed while miss Simone was living
various affiliates after Nina Simone's
death in 2003 have given accounts
referencing her battle with supposed
bipolar disease and other mental health
issues along with the severe domestic
abuse she experienced none of which was
really aptly addressed or taken care of
during her lifetime
the next looks documentary what happened
miss Simone gives an interesting and
much more thoughtful account of the
matter with interviews from Nina
Simone's daughter and her abusive
ex-husband who was also her former
manager it's not to say that miss Simone
didn't deal with these mental health
issues but to craft a story around this
small subset of her life with it being
the first major motion picture or is
that even what this is it's just getting
way too much media attention to begin
with and not address the background or
the history of Nina Simone especially
when black women continue to have such a
stilted portrayal in media and this
black woman Nina Simone works so
tirelessly to push back against these
boundaries and stereotypes that confined
black women is just girl nom as an aside
I do think there's a much more
interesting connection between the
political sized persona of Nina Simone
and the self-sacrifice she made to
continue to make these very political
statements through her
music and the ultra private persona of
Beyonce now I know this is not about BAE
but I do always think of Nina Simone
when people are criticizing Beyonce for
not being deep enough because like we
had someone who was deep who was Sarah
who was there for you like we had
someone who was compassionate and deep
and real and very loud and aggressively
vocal about the social issues that black
people deal with and look how we treated
her Mike
clearly dad is the color that is not a
fluid Ana's true skin tone nobody I am
really trying to not use the B word in
any variation cuz I know the Lord is
with me on this day so close tonight
side of the 14th somebody find me a palm
is it blackface Arnab zoe saldana is an
afro Latino who clearly enjoys body page
she is brown skin and wavy so no I
wouldn't call this blackface because Zoe
Saldana is black even if it's only one
convenient that was a dick but I would
call this maybe like mud face which
still makes this should utter ly
disrespectful getting in an argument
over what is blackface and whether this
qualifies is just a distraction in the
long run it doesn't matter because it is
feel rude I mean I know and I can kind
of understand that some Latinas want to
rise up and make a cause out of this but
I don't know if this is the best base to
build your platform off and yes Denzel a
smooth chocolate brown portrayed Malcolm
X a beige brother
but unlike Zoe as Nina Denzel did not
require any facial prosthetics to
portray the role of Malcolm Nina
Simone's skin color and features are so
deeply ingrained into her both
personally and as a musician that there
is no way you can portray them with the
European s features of zoe saldana z'
slim nose and lips Nina Simone sang and
spoke so often out and against how we in
the mainstream tend to define beauty by
very narrow European standards and how
we need to redefine those beauty
standards to be able to see the beauty
in our blackness she does not know her
beauty she does not know her
glory she thinks her brown body has no
glory if she could dance under naked
palm trees and see her image in the
river
she would know yes she would know she
would know but there are no palm trees
in the street no palm trees in the
street and dishwater
gives no image back and Zoe was truly
capable of portraying the essence of
Nina Simone it was all I was truly
capable of portraying the essence the
real pure soul that burned inside of
Nina Simone there would have been no
need to darken her skin or broaden her
facial features with a fake nose and
fake teeth that push her lips out
further I mean that's just such a basic
concept that for anyone to even begin to
defend it it's like how much do you
really want to blindly look over Oh
David oh yeah hey whoa I'm gonna butcher
this man's last name oh yay whoa whoa
hmm yes the guy that played Martin
Luther King and Selma look
I know Nadja know they carry laughs but
y'all need to hey y'all man
David the L on this one call him up
invite him over for some pounded yam I
had his ass back to him because this is
just girl girl not only is he starring
in this as a major character but he's
also an executive producer Oh Nina I
ain't buy-in and none absolutely no
excuses about him possibly lacking the
cultural references to understand the
greatness that is Nina and the respect
that her story deserves cuz like first
of all my man just played Martin Luther
King in Selma all alongside Oprah
Winfrey Wendell Pierce Lorraine Tucson
and Matt other african-americans who
could have pulled him to the side and
put him on because this was going on at
the same time that he was recording
Selma also David is a British Nigerian
who talks like he is straight out of a
Shakespearean play where art thou common
sense to look up the history of Nina
Simone with thy mind how cats be false
to any man I mean come on baby you could
at least looked up Nina Simone's cover a
Babatunde Olatunji
zone go she sings a whole song in Yoruba
it's like when one of her first albums
my son like really
you have foolish free and all kidding
he's also playing Clifton Henderson who
late in Nina's life was her manager and
the very gay man though in all the ways
that we can find to disrespect Nina
Simone they turn her relationship with
her gay manager into a plausible love
story while she was you know in a mental
hospital dealing with the lowest point
in her life and you just didn't y'all
didn't you just didn't David I had high
hopes for you boo they was high now I
just don't know ask your mama so Zoe did
you ask your mama how dumb this shit is
no what the fuck was that no let's not
distract here it's not that voet is it
particularly black enough or that she
identifies as a Latina first I mean like
think about it what we happy if she
portrayed Celia crew oh no man you can't
really enter into this discussion unless
you have heard take it in listened
allowed it to enter into your soul some
of the musical servings of Nina Simone
like Mississippi goddamn to be young
gifted and black for with me and God no
I got like I wish I knew how it would
feel to be free and then go listen to
her interview on that blackness really
goddess need to goes into her whole
catalog and go get show light and then
go reads how did he see Coates piece for
the Atlantic called Nina Simone's face
which so eloquently and gracefully
encapsulates all the problems within
this even parallels it to one of Biggie
Smalls most popular rap lyrics like no
cootchie socks needed the core of this
is that Nina Simone intimately known as
Eunice was prolific in her politics her
music and the curvatures of her face and
hair they all tied together to make
something magnificent that has touched
impact inspired so many lives however
far behind we are with the portrayal of
black women in media without the
presence of Nina Simone we win
and be where we are today without her
presence without her persistence at
being loud and proud about her blackness
dismiss a disrespect that is intolerable
as always a Donna has already cashed
that check so whatever backpedal she got
to do now
ain't even girl na ba it's just
meaningless so you live a high and
mighty rich off the fat of the land
just don't dispose of your natural soul
coz you know darn well that you'll go to
hell you can I can't I'm telling that
girl so I won't even yeah yeah yeah but
go look link in the description box Nina
Nina said that did that been told y'all
asses don't come for her like this but
at least the conversations around the
charade of this story might inspire some
to dig a little deeper be a little bit
more conscious and to revel in the glory
that is Nina Simone just don't do it
slow
