hey guys it's Julie and bit of a
different background because I
completely moved out of my dad's
apartment is my last last last night
here just got back from my little bit of
travels through Europe and then in New
York and I'm headed back to New York for
a couple weeks before I officially well
New York's in San Francisco and then I
move my life is in shambles which is why
I'm looking crazy right now a girl what
we're not gonna do is leave my smart
brown girl in the fellas behind all this
in secure review because we are keeping
our word this season yes sir I feel
comfortable with the hair right now but
we're gonna do what it do hold on let me
let me fix it up a little give me second
it's not the worst of the worst but uh I
like it when it's dry and fluffy it
doesn't look oh so luxurious with the
same about the hair this is about
insecure season 3 episode 2 all right so
some of the comments I got for the last
episode review I understand what people
feel like the first episode was a little
bit slow or there wasn't a whole lot to
it because the only time like the first
episode of a season is really gonna pack
a hole punch and be like boo boo Bal
like wow what just happened is typically
the pilot episode like the first episode
of the very very first episode of show
ever
every other first episode of a season
after that is conjoining the previous
episode and setting up the storylines
for the next season it's more or less
like catching you up and putting you on
it's what's happening so I never expect
the first episode of a continuing season
to be super like wow amazing that's so
much going on yada yada yada
and then this episode - I feel like was
a good bit of expose so I know last
review I did not talk about her job for
me though I maybe I'm not as invested or
like mmhmm about you saying our job
because at this point it's a holdover
from awkward black girl which is why I
made the comment last episode about one
why is there such a big gap between her
and our home girls and a lot of people I
feel like took it about me just talking
about like money this is what y'all
understand how many times do I really
just come on here and talk about things
in terms of like capital right as a
person who believes in capitalism always
going to capitalize I'm always talking
about more than just simply money down
in here when I say why haven't your
friends helped you or why's there a big
gap you kind of do
move along with your sphere of influence
and your social group of peers right
there is a very large financial gap
between me and one of my closest friends
she got a couple extra zeroes on her
bank account I what where how what my
association with her and her being my
friend has inspired me it has shaped the
way that I view money the way that I do
things know my friends have not gotten
me jobs or given me money
but because of them I do get to walk
into certain rooms I do get access to
certain people you know it's both
aspiration inspiration it is both the
way I think about things the way that
inspires me and the access that I have
the other people so that's what I mean
about this gap because like I don't like
that job the other question is about
what is ISA good at like what does she
actually like it doesn't seem like she's
passionate about being in this sphere of
non profit either like is she passionate
about helping the kids now I you know
shouldn't you know what you couldn't do
you can always become performative and
get that money girl
huh a lot of people in non-profit
education performative activist making
buku bucks out here in your streets but
I don't you know you see what you're
doing but that see wait Kelly is exactly
what I'm talking about right like the
fact that you have a friend of the
county who can like you might not sit
down with them they might not really
give you a cow services but the fact
that like they will talk to you and
shape how you view credit and how you
view saving and how you go about doing
like this I think they I think we tend
to look live life in this lens this
false lens of thinking that we really do
things on our own and there are very few
things in life that you have really done
and achieved truly on your own there is
always somebody who has influenced and
guided the energy and boom that boom
okay so let's rewind it back here I did
not speak a whole lot about the job last
last review because it is a holdover
from aqua black girl and I'm just kind
of like we bid no no girl cuckoo for
cocoa puffs we bid on she races we
bidding on she ain't got no damn sense
he's managed I for seven eleven years
right says what is it to like talk
about her boss like we bid know
everybody trash so like what is
and then when Issa got the chance to
speak up when she got the chance to be
buck when she got the chance to use her
voice she should so herself you know I
think there's a way with what she was
thinking in her mind where she could
have articulated that very effectively
and instead she just is like well why is
it always got to beat me why it always
got to be me and I mean it's it was
interesting to me to see the white guy
the gay white guy who was rude and
racist and I think that's all purpose
and intentional and there's something to
catch there but tell her you know it
just kind of is the way the cookie
crumbles usual have to deal with it my
humble opinion I do not think all boy
was wrong there he's the boss kept
saying my hands holding the community
 like she really has like a white
Savior complex and I think every
critique I can give of her I think we
we've known since the days of awkward
black girl she has a white Savior
complex is oblivious she's a loose she's
racist she's kind of sending it's a
trash job for ISA but it does seem like
ISA is not a person with the passion I
don't really I don't want to say I don't
relate in like a condescending or shady
way even though that's exactly how it
comes across in my mind I don't
understand how you live life or get
through life without ever figuring out
something that you love doing I can give
people not being as passionate as myself
right because you know my own siblings
know like well immediate family I have
family members who are not passionate
like myself but at least you find a way
of life maybe that you want achieve so
maybe you're not passionate about what
you do but you are you do have a way of
life that you like living there is a a
viewpoint of yourself that you like you
know like I don't think my sister is
really passionate about any career
option but I do think that she has a
very particular image of herself that
she wants to represent and she wants the
world to see her as well that's what
will guide her into a particular career
there there are aspects about the
character ISA way like there's some sort
of fire in her there's something there's
something something whether it's a
representation of self whether it's the
revelation of lifestyle or like what you
do there's something that has to
motivate her and I'm interested in
seeing what that actually might be I
don't think I'm necessarily right here
in this arena because I just don't
relate to being that type of person but
you know I would love to hear for y'all
that are like searching for your passion
that don't really care for anything in
particular and it's kind of like going
through the motions of life how
you ISA introductory somebody on Twitter
last week was like isn't it funny how he
says just becoming Lawrence because like
whoa I mean does this like development
of the character ISA change the way that
we view Lawrence right that last season
it did come across as if ISA was the
breadwinner ISA was the one that was
passionate about her job that was doing
something and now you know who Baro that
see we Kelly and they kept flashing it
at 4:25 credit score work every time
before 20 my mother must be my feelings
was hurt I was hurt fault Lisa like how
do you think of all 25 credits or life
as I said earlier that see what Kelly
was exactly what I was kind of talking
about Jenna played an ishshah' to uncle
Daniel
she basically called him shake she
basically said you like Jay Cole and
you're Mina puts me to sleep
Jay Cole doesn't put me to sleep but
I've heard plenty people be like Jay
Cole puts them to sleep and I feel like
that's my glue she was telling Daniel
sim lion-o stilted but we are not gonna
come from a child in her acting she was
cute that was I guess cute okay moving
on
backpedaling to the thought about like
ISA and Lauren ISA did seem like the
more passionate person in the past two
seasons and now she's sleeping on a
couch for the free does not have like a
direction in life at this point and
she's applying with his property manager
job so it's not even like she's trying
to stay in her silo or that she's
passionate about this so I guess that
low-key make it grimy or the fact that
she cheated on Lawrence now like because
I think we all kind of sympathize with
ISA understanding what it's like to be
with a person who has no ambition but I
guess what's the gag wow we get a little
flash of 'center brother I don't want to
delve a little bit more into her lead
with her brother like why why can she
not stay with it you can move them I
want to play it's around
I live with a gay man before you wanted
to take the fact that he's gonna be
bumping pussies alright my brother
aggravates a shot of me but I would
definitely let him see what my couch if
he was an Easton's position I made the
comment last episode that I was just
enjoying the fact that Lawrence Oh
Daniel was at least dating identified me
black women and I have to double back on
that the lighting was just excellent
last season's episode she's a girl from
the BuzzFeed video where they're like
like when you're dating someone and the
weird habits they had and that video was
hilarious same girl Vanessa ain't
feeling do wow we are developing these
characters more and realizing that
everyone across the board just ain't
 Daniel who we thought had be de big
dick energy which means he has a quiet
confidence and is confident as we
thought Wow humorous here it is we got
at this episode this is where I'm going
what I enjoy about insecure and making
the comment that wouldn't develop these
codes you realize everybody ain't
it's well everyone's human because I
think in real life what this show does
is it makes you think about who you are
as a person and the way you interact
with the world and the fact that a lot
of us probably myself included see
ourselves as very valiant people known
as much overcome as I'm promoting my
shortcomings dawn not that much what
comes on a blast though we are kind of
seeing characters that we would love to
see the best in them because I see it
shows us the best of ourselves but kind
of seeing their more human side and then
realizing like okay they go through it
too it is as much as I be inclined to be
like oh daily it's also be de it was
just have confidence all the time I'm
your corner ball now you ain't you
know well since I want to like be snarky
and talk ish and you know give him a
side I it is also like well she said
human be and that's like a human
reaction I think the point is Daniel
really respects ISA I mean I think the
more we're flushing out his character
now it is kind of like he really does
like her though like is like the right
word he definitely cares about her in
some way with someone to call you and be
like can I stay on your couch for a few
more weeks I don't have it end date
porfavor a don't involved here
sometimes I punch her in the gut with my
words her and you're just like yeah even
though he tried to throw that alley-oop
about Vanessa giving an S haha I mean
he's being a damn good friend to her off
the strength like a nigga on a couch not
paying no rent well the only thing I
heart I believe in between Daniel and
ESA's interaction is that they're really
bonding over his music
that's that this is a shady thought
maybe on my part because ether don't
seem like she got a musical ear and so
when she's like and just like this is
cliche but okay that's what we're going
with Daniel went free so first and
protecting her when the shooting started
in the club oh wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait
oh boy from Greenlee that was beating up
my little girls or wrong uh he stay
playing at a boy here like the
boilerplate are you always playing these
characters that's just the f boy that's
a waste of time a waste of breath that's
not smooth not swab and you not cute
neither it was fun to see ESA's awkward
interaction actually be like the
movement to get them into the club and
Daniel's sort of ego a pride or just
like insecurities all kind of colliding
and you know not helping him progress in
that scene but it was interesting to see
Daniel be occurred but I think again
this is just opening up this is just
developing him as a character this is
giving him more death because I think it
is really easy to portray a man as like
BTE cool confidence he all got a swag on
he always good
he barely you know he always just glides
through this world cuz that's how we
tend to be taught to view men but to see
that he does have insecurities of to see
him get curves a lot of this episode was
clearly to build out the character of
Daniel I know this is still all over the
place and I don't really feel like I'm
saying a whole lot about the show in
these past two reviews but I think we're
just going through a good bit of expose
we're building it up and maybe like the
third and fourth episode we'll finally
get the pop off the storyline and say
cuz I'm like alright
where are you saying dear Daniel going
with their interaction with each other
like clearly you smell be there for a
minute
clearly there's some sexual tension
clearly he cares about her clearly she
feels some way tight way but she don't
really know because she's feel both way
she won't like him and don't really
acting like that she won't want to sleep
with him but she knows she don't need to
because she needs to get over this past
maybe she just woke up from you know
it's like a lot of moving pieces and I'm
waiting for them to kind of congeal into
it alright here's here's the angle we're
taking it's tiptoeing around each other
right now for me and I'm enjoying just
all the kind of comedic relief if they
add that but so it's like I think
insecurities it's good for the
over-the-top care
people that we encounter in life but
with the green braces at the bar the
girls curving Daniel the co-workers
while he says eating her PBJ and the
rest of the busy now girl whoa we got it
we got to get that for 25 credit score
up though it's really not that difficult
all right I have a flight to catch -
while we're I'm moving to - you know
finish some things up and then to New
York which is where I'll be for two
weeks I lost my good lens so sorry the
quality of but that's a little less it's
probably echo in here cuz the
department's empty I'm give my life
together we're getting it all we get
into poppin but I don't want to leave
you guys hanging so the interviews will
be coming consistently but thank you for
riding with me and thank you for your
patience and understanding I appreciate
that I thought of you I hope the
dialogue and discussion down below and
your thoughts on this review I'll pop in
cuz I want to hear what y'all think
help me down here okay
