hey guys it's Julie and it's time for
another pop star we talk about
everything from the low brow to the
highbrow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek and yes I've been a little bit
irregular with the pop stars because I'm
in transition and I need to buy me a
lifetime like a new laptop because I
cracked the screen on my last one and I
can't put my like a problem on it and
who lost her I need to get an updated
MacBook and M something like 2200 so I
could do pops marks while I'm on the
road quickly while I'm in Ghana
so if any of you out there work at the
Apple Store got a brother cousin's
sister who was that Apple employee eat
and they want to hook a sister up with
that EPP friends and family 50% discount
be your friend New Jersey hook a sister
up but listen here to this part of
market because it's been so far between
and inside get a laptop in my memory and
by me I wanna go back to the old
faithful the bar to Nara my favorite
Moscato Oh pour that in there yes this
is the crisp the fruity click click
click click click click I'm gonna pop
out of advance when mine is all over the
place because I am just ready to get my
behind on that plane and take that
20-hour flight to Ghana
I'm sure hi and I am like one of the
worst travelers I will do a video on
like how I prepared for travelling
particularly getting to West Africa
because there is a certain amount of
work involved making this trip happen
I've been like all week well what do I
talk about I don't know what's going on
all I know that I'm going to Ghana on
November 21st it's all I know everything
else doesn't matter I don't know
anything else I know anything else so
that cuckoo for cocoa puffs white girl I
think she got it I think because she got
a tan and she might be sunlight beige
that suddenly she a black woman Rachel
Dolezal I know why we still got her on
TV but i'ma get into it later what I
think is going on with her and Raymond
Simone's and just the BS that is being
thrown at us constantly on a daily basis
and we like for why but apparently shit
on the real and got red
her rights by lining I mean to class
miss NAT the video goes viral on
Facebook I guess there's somebody making
some Adsense Cohen's office because I'm
just over actually hearing her and even
speak like we get it like there are the
need tomorrow to address her I guess
it's cute for a lot to be able to like
articulated for the folks but we already
wheat like we've been saying we can't
wipe my blackness off stop making a
parody out of that stop it girl
but I mean cheer Salani in the real
being Mary Jane is back on be et and I
have been doing reviews in this past
episode oh it was a whole lot of bumping
of the pelvic bones going on I hope no I
don't know is it just me or like no
judgment because hey girl get it where
it fits in just make sure he warms a
clit no hit the cervix that's all I'm
saying but but me personally I've never
really been the wild who like when I'm
super upset and frustrated really when
it like sex from these anything for me
maybe I just haven't gotten there yet I
don't know but when I'm like in a pissy
mood or like grieving you just would be
by myself like I don't I don't I don't
know that a fuck buddy we're gonna do it
for me maybe I will went out maybe if it
was somebody who like on an intimate
level like someone who I was actually in
a relationship with it might be
different father but we've been so I
beside maintain that vulnerability issue
so I guess heard but yes big Mary Jane
from the top to the bottom back around
again production music everything
storyline is amazing check my reviews
and the blog post that I did at last
week's episode about Lisa suicide
because it was real personal for me
Twitter was ablaze last week because
Zola Zola our new Informer stripper out
of Detroit told a hilarious story it was
actually really well-written and I love
Keith feel like Zola or a Ziva which I
believe in
several name is trolling us because
she's not dumb at all she's actually a
really smart girl I not follow her on
Twitter I think she tweets about I'm
just kind of like it's not that I'm
surprised that she's smart because she's
a stripper it's because of her story and
the kind of environment that she found
herself in she just strikes me as
somebody who will be way smarter than
that and personally I don't care if her
story is real or not
it was so well told and so captivating
in the same whoo and so many of us got
wrapped up in it that I just appreciate
her skill of with telling a story you
know story time I'm super popular here
on YouTube but something might be
listening to this really 20 minutes
seriously we're gonna get new probably
watch my videos like Zola story what's
hilarious is really really well-written
and that's why I went viral that's why
every Duvernay and Missy Elliott and all
these other celebrities tweeted about
reading it and just enjoying the story
and now also follow is he's on Twitter
and the Washington Post fact-checked the
story or did Time magazine yeah
Washington Post bat checked her story
and said that the bulk of it is actually
true she did embellish a good bit of it
but nonetheless the the base of the
story actually happened which is funny
as I found all this story I do hear when
a victim eyebrow girl they're commenting
about how this is not funny because it's
making fun of the abusive sex workers oh
because the Ziza could write this story
in a humorous tone does that mean she
doesn't have a right to tell it it's
like the same thing kind of like we have
the crack epidemic impacted the black
community like who owns the rights to
tell those stories I would be willing to
have that conversation I would love to
hear other people's viewpoints on that
black China and future see if this is
one of these things were like I like ice
all the time to play out on social media
and I'm like I couldn't talk about
around popstar my whole really care but
there's a good point to be made here
about what's really happening with this
black China and the trick thing because
I think black China is just trolling us
do not try to been hanging out
- yes so black Qaeda that got up close
and personal for teaching view strategic
play-by-play on how to play her card
right - put more money in her pocket the
social currency of the moment is
attention attention has turned in a way
for people to make my dad she's now in
the news and because she was trying to
look up and find where she has his
tattoo a future on her hand and you want
to see it and you want to see what she
said about him with subliminal shock
she's thrown on Twitter or Instagram you
know rolling through her timeline you
now don't name texts don't tattoos on
your hand or your fingers wear off over
time because your hand sheds so much
skin but the point is you'll be
scrolling through her timeline trying to
get the T and then you'll see that she
has cute outfit on
or that her beam is weighs something
that she can upsell you on and now this
is on your psyche now you've taken it in
you resume together oh okay oh she
actually looks good madness actually
really cute dry well shut the Kris
Jenner for coming up with this because
every time every time a Kylie the Kim
khlo√© do something dumb do something
that seem like it has absolutely no
ethics as in making Lamar Odom's a drug
overdose all about a Khloe and Lamar
back together again things like it's
just not about the Kardashians like this
man needs help this is the most
inopportune time for you to have your
cameras around and to all of us but then
all of us start talking about how
unethical this is are they really
getting back what's really going on here
and now we're going through college
timeline and now I like I like Khloe's
I'm ready Bella hair extensions or
what's the new thing the balanza but
when they do let's just chat in color
highlight technique called now they
belong for balance see it whatever they
don't up sold you want some new shit
clearly I've been lurking - and now it's
again they're making money off of your
attention on
it's the same thing that they do now
with Northwest you know there's a video
out of Northwest being taken to her
ballerina lessons and I mean it's all
set up for the paparazzi you do not wear
your dance shoes outside of dance
studios so when they have Penelope and
North on the way to dance class they
have them fully dressed it'll be a super
cute picture I um the way even the nanny
is kind of holding her out and like
dragging her cuz she's walking too fast
the north can't keep up and no saying no
pictures it's like you're looking at it
and while we might have a conversation
questioning the moral and the ethics
behind how Kim and Kanye expose their
child to the media so much and why if
other celebrity parents can give their
child some sense of normalcy or give
them a dance class without the paparazzi
around
why can't Kim and Kanye do the same
thing because I know what they're doing
you're looking at it you're talking
about their child but then you're also
building how cute North is and then it's
a goal I wonder I wonder if Kim is
posted any other pictures of North and
then you go google North West you all
look up one thing to one North West or
you know how cute her Bowman jacket is
and then you think oh whoa next time
you're at this store and you see
something similar you might now go pick
up that jacket because you notice how
cute it was on Northwest rah is the
yellow psyche that's why they keep doing
things to keep their name the media no
matter how dumb or stupid it this is why
the veal is never gonna fire Raven
Symone this is why CNN still lets Don
Lemon talk about black issues and he got
it right up in what New York magazine he
had a whole front page cover write-up
about him recently
it's because attention is a new social
card of you was not this relevant when
it ten years ago after demeaning and
angering black twitter the Pew was
popping again and this is why they're
not gonna get rid of Raven I think what
we can do and what I'm gonna try and do
more of and I know it's precarious place
but my something because popstar
y'all be all me
where is it but ignoring the shenanigans
like don't share it don't make it viral
don't make it pop it nah that's not it
the same way y'all are constantly
sharing the lowest denominator content
on Facebook whether it's fights
happening at schools like this stuff
that looks like this is video that's
gone viral again from 2011 from a kid
pestering a substitute teacher in
Chicago it's four years old and people
are now sharing it to say well why
aren't we
why are we talking about bad actors that
kids have and it's like every time
something bad something legitimately bad
happens to black folk we the people we
the black people feed into our own
demise and our own lack of justice by
promoting this idea that we the black
people need to change in order to be
great to basic human decency respect
leads right into my next topic the
respectability politics I didn't do a
whole video on because it's
mind-boggling
that we can see the spring high school
that spring valley high school assault
and then right after that all of a
sudden all these videos are coming out
kids fighting or kids being aggressive
towards the teacher their teachers and
administrators and these aren't videos
from 2015 they make it seem like all the
stuff is all of a sudden happening like
these are old videos of I cited
incidences that when they shared all at
once make it seem like we have this
really heightened problem of students
not respecting their teachers it's
countering the message that we're trying
to say that you do not have a right to
ever brutalize the student when they're
not being aggressive towards you and
it's like this is apples and oranges and
we're trying to deflect and not handle
anything
it's like when you do shit it negative
content do you really have any are you
really gonna go and do anything in your
local community are you really sharing
it and going out to impact to change
because we were like sharing the message
of the spring by the insult we're saying
we need change we're going to do
something we're going to mobilize the
community to do better and do right by
our young students so getting this bring
value thing and I do need to do a whole
video on it you ain't a smart brown girl
I'm not fucking with you you gotta stay
at a supporter I will block you block
block block block by state as she said
over there stay out my page if you for
one second question that gun girl who
was dragged across the floor a night
when I was into a whole video on it
because I am irritated that we think
it's okay to victim shame and victim
blame when it's a young black woman but
we all say nice and white folk when they
get themselves caught up in precarious
situations we be already put everything
on the oppressor and the the assaulter
when it's the white woman but let it be
a little black girl all of a sudden she
had to had a bad Act also she deserved
it and I'm just the young beat it works
is why we can't never get nowhere and
2015 don't even try me on that not me
watching scandal regularly I've been
catching up on the flip side I'll just
oh this whole Olivia and bitch thing oh
I done two seasons ago my why don't
still bump out the bone why they trying
to get married why I was having two TV
on still cuz just shine the girl I want
to support it to the very end but Olivia
of 52 dies like not literally but that
relationship he's from you borrow and
crash burn and never come back again
she did find several written no I'm not
here for it I would love to get back to
talking more about things that are going
on about the around the world maybe once
I get to Ghana I will have more
international news to share
within my pop stars but just to appease
you guys for now I know can
the other week elected a rookie dance
prime minister justin trudeau
I don't know what my man's campaign is
and personally Kedah is like America and
a half I thought I Canada has the same
issue set up the United States has for
whatever reason Canada just like our
passive little sister I'll be the only
Montreal cute one day I'll make it to
Toronto raise money they make miso soup
you need to cook me dinner here but
y'all new Prime Minister is fine and he
sounds like a really good guy like you
guys were like the one country that
hasn't gotten more conservative in the
past two years like everybody else in
the world so maybe he'll be leading
shining star but thanks for watching let
me know what you were sipping on what
are some things that made you Cup well
what's been on your radar this week
comment down below and as always shop
smart brown girl
