hey guys it is Judy and today is Hallows
Eve I don't celebrate but I don't know
why I got this thing on my hand finally
getting around to doing the being Mary
Jane episode 3 review and I recorded a
review twice now first time was just
like I was talking in circles men's
second time I shot the whole thing out
of focus hot mess always shop smart bro
go that calm our mugs are now right but
forever stay blessed I'm bothered just
I'm bothered as you can girls gonna haul
up and me that's me if you enjoyed this
video I definitely definitely definitely
need a thumbs up the video and leave a
comment down below
we just episode of big Mary Jane was
called spera and I don't know is it eyes
on the sparrow when I was called Sparrow
brah excellent well written episode
covered so many topics so many bases but
it just opened up with something that
was way too close to my personal life I
was gonna cover what I've been going
through I did a video last year entitled
losing friends lack of support right
detail like the Splinter invention that
I happened with three friends and one of
the girls I was upset with and one of
the other girls was my really really
close friend and I just like ended up
being upset with one and then losing all
three girls in situation as friends and
kind of talking about my feelings about
like how that all worked or whatever and
I gave my little jewels II Pope speech
um and the girl I was really close to
calls me on September 20 a she called me
she's been drinking listening to jazz
and she's just like I thought about you
why have we talked to so long whatever
eyes on the call and said that I love
you and I apologize and I love you and I
don't really have any like visions of
reconciliation or whatever but I'm just
like you know that's true like it's just
so simple you know Colleen it was just
so very like Colleen thing and I was
like
like you feel good about it um and then
last Thursday she passed away in a car
accident as this grieving process I've
already written a blog post review on
this episode and kind of intertwine my
own feelings we're dealing with grief in
it but like you cannot choose how to
grieve and when I got the call about
Colleen's death
I thought mentally that I could choose
how is going to grieve about her death
and this in this episode of big man Jane
where MJ is talking to David about
thinking that she was going to cry when
she wrote Lisa's eulogy and it didn't
happen and it happened in the moment
where she was trying on a dress and she
had this really kind of banal memory of
you know Lisa just telling her don't buy
the dress cuz too expensive and Lisa was
right because she ended up finding it
somewhere for cheaper and that just kind
of blew her you know that it just hit me
hard it was the same thing for me I just
I don't know it's just been a very
peculiar kind of leak of do I have right
to grieve do I have a right to feel like
this like you know she left behind
something like a daughter you know I was
in a circle of really really really
close friends and so I know how hard it
is for them and I just feel it's just a
lot it's a lot I don't feel like there's
any one word or set of words that
encapsulates the feelings of you just a
wavelength of emotion that I've gone
through this week those of you who are
lost or sorry haven't been caught up in
the opening scene DISA MJ's best friend
commits suicide
I appreciate that they didn't portray
her as being like super weak and down
and like crying it was like a clear
decision for her I don't know what words
to really use to describe the suicide
scene but I appreciate that it wasn't
told from the perspective of like super
weak and destroyed and even the scene
when Mary Jane was going through her
phone and looking up all the missed
calls from Lisa because she hadn't
talked to Lisa in close to a year I
think it's the timeline that this
and it was just the music was hittin the
scene the cinematography I'm just like a
kill productions is killing a game the
opening quote was we choose our joys and
our sorrows long before we experience
them by Khalil Gibran drunk girl I ain't
that smart I'm on her outside me na but
it basically speaks to we choose to be
the victim or we can choose to kind of
meet the warrior and you can take it on
so many levels whether you feel like
Lisa was really selfish I was choosing
to make herself to ultimate victim even
though she was the one kind of did
something wrong that led to her breakup
with MJ in the end or whether you look
at it from a perspective of Mary Jane's
complete unwillingness to allow herself
moments to be vulnerable she just does
not with anybody whether it's David
whether it's our home family whether
it's co-workers even with Lisa she just
Mary Jane and this is what makes it so
difficult this is what makes me really
not like her is that she just always has
to assert herself in order to cover up
in order to cover up her vulnerabilities
and she's missing the opportunity to
have the to embrace her vulnerability to
be a little bit more open and being able
to use the power of her vulnerability in
her favor and I think that's why I heard
David constantly have this conflict not
that David ain't wrong in his own
bullshit too though but it's like at
least with her mom I just wish there was
a little more compassion and humanity
and understanding from Mary Jane and she
could have all that if she just was a
little bit more vulnerable she just be
so hard-headed but even though it's like
it's like it makes me be like this about
Mary Jane I also appreciate it because
we all sub-wavelength have had
in our life too but I have been that
person that I don't like in mary-jane
right I have been the one who was
unwilling to back down or unwilling to
own my hurt and my feelings or whatever
I turned is my weakness because I didn't
want somebody to see my vulnerable side
and so instead of you know embracing my
humaneness in that moment I kind of
pushed back harder and was really
aggressive and selfish and mean in the
long run
because I was not comfortable with my
own vulnerability and so what's great
about me being there changes that even
when you don't like NJ there's a lesson
to be learned about how you interact in
your own life right so she's always
going to be a little bit more extreme to
kind of get the point across and I think
there's a little bit of Mary Jane and
all of my smart brown girls so lessons
to be learned feeds another to see with
missed calls it's just like a lot of
this made me appreciate my own kind of
commitment to integrity and being
intentional in that if a close friend
calls me I never not answer or don't
return a call even when we've had some
sort of falling-out now that don't mean
that I won't hang up the phone on one
side and say I try to live with people
that I truly love I tried I tried I
don't always succeed and trying to live
like appreciate them like tomorrow is
not guaranteed
the scene where Mary Jay Cara and then I
don't know it wasn't a show was the one
with the short hairs name and the one
with the short hair friend they're all
reminiscing about Lisa and her life and
the woman says black people don't commit
suicide and Mary Jane said I hung that
right up next to my strong black woman
badge and that was a very very important
conversation shout-out to cara cara girl
aid we're really kind of stepping in and
speaking up to remove the shame
from people who acknowledge their mental
health and seek treatment whether that
is worth to the therapist whether that
is taking men and that there is no shame
in taking medication if need be there
are plenty of very functional people who
take medication and so to think that
this is a race or even break it down to
an ethnic thing is so false and just it
makes us suffer way more than we need
wait till you meet a man a black man
who's depressed don't want to
acknowledge it and get you open and Curt
because he has too much ego and pride to
Humble himself and deal with the issues
that he's facing girl we know we don't
been through that age - so shot at the
car recovering that way mama Helen is
still a shout out to hide her royal blue
shout out the Harford gathering and all
the Mary Jane's edges and I'm pulling in
life you know just come back down to
earth like is it too much is it really
too much
I just wish Mary Jane would have some
compassion with her mama when it came to
Mary Jane's treatment of Lisa's funeral
I think that's where I had the biggest
issue when mere days at Lisa's house and
Lisa's parents show up Lisa I might talk
to her parents for 15 years
Tina knows new husband a popped up as
Lisa's dad we all get one look at to
those of me look at my patina husband as
the eight should ask Negro but isn't he
always he's on to some sniffling
conniving ish he another you know older
version of him or a harder because
therefore he taught and he chocolatey
and shouts mama Tina for just doing
something a web post Matthew out here
acting a damn fool known as interviews
but uh you know I feel like if Mary Jane
allowed herself to be a bit more of an
empathetic or compassionate person she
could impact a lot more change
I said not that you know you need to
handle someone like Lisa stepfather with
care but because that is Lisa's mother
and
it's not just oh fuck you you suction
stopped a visa it's like hey leaves his
mother I need you to come around and see
that you have to kind of communicate to
her on her on her level and Mary Jane is
always up top she's always up here when
she talks to people and she never brings
it down to the level where people are
gonna be willing to hear her and so to
me it's like you know I do believe that
you the mother just deserves some right
to be a part of Lisa's funeral and for
her to be so hard look the only reason
that felt like Lisa's parents even bend
it to Mary Jane was not because they
understood what Lisa stepfather did but
because of Mary Jane's notoriety and how
other people would perceive it if Mary
Jane wasn't at the funeral which still
doesn't do any service to Lisa and the
struggle that she had with her family I
don't really care for Mary Jane and not
seeing that Lisa was sexually assaulted
at the at the funeral because again what
does that do it just immediately was
force on the defense it's like a talking
point until people forget about it and
then what change is really impacted it's
like did you did you stand this hard
release it when she was alive and I mean
Lisa
definitely had her close and this person
committed suicide no that doesn't mean
that we can't talk about them what Mary
Jane it has not been an easy person to
be friends with like she is very
emotionally needy when she's down when
she needs you to understand and get on
her level and come down to where she at
but when she up and you down there's I
didn't see any moment where MJ kind of
came back down for Lisa I'm gonna talk a
lot about phone ability have you watched
my emotional maturity in avoiding
fuckboys video this is what I about
exactly David ain't really my type I'll
do life skin I'll do ball heads and you
know
got no who need sunlight it's just three
strikes to owl but because of what him
and MJ had and how crazy MJ is over them
I kind of I want them both to just kind
of really back in like take a step back
and actually both be more vulnerable I'm
not so bad with her having to get with
David but if Olivia and Fitz can be out
here still finagling and fucking and
Mary and shit and we all over that
relationship then I'm not going to be so
dismissive of Mary Jane and David's
possibility of getting back together
finally important to talk about how not
just mothers but even how in the black
community we treat sexual assualt of
children and how it has historically
been a very dismissed time it's rush
when it comes to young girls something
that we so quickly sweep under the rugs
whether it is the mother you know
choosing her spouse over her own child
whether is just both parents not hearing
their child out both using a child's
mental health as a reason to dismiss the
harm that's been done to them it just on
so many levels on so many layers that
betrayal of these delicious with her
parents and the sexual assault at the
end of her stepfather if again it's
another did Mary Jane every cat this
hard for at least so when she was alive
you know I'm a firm believer of giving
me flowers while I can still smell them
tell me you love me while my heart still
beats and stand up for me while I can
still hold you up right hands embrace
holding your back up to like just don't
wait til I'm in the grave to like
rejoice about my your friendship with me
like be my friend in the now and I
didn't
feel like we really saw that
authentically from Mary Jane so when she
was going back hard from the pulpit I
was like damn girl I mean I guess I
guess we can have our yes mommy because
it's TV but for me this is groped likes
about grappling with you know really
really really like the amount of love
that I have for a person who passed away
and not that I have a regret about I
don't regret about any kind of the span
of Colleen a nice friendship it's like I
think everything happened for a reason
everything evolved at the right note and
no matter the fact that we hadn't talked
for four years I can't deny the impact
that this girl had on my life and like
that was kind of like really was blowing
me miss because just like how all these
memories are coming back up and you know
I'm seeing pictures at my old apartment
and my you know Colleen loved me before
I thought my eyebrows in a decent weave
she loved me when I was out here looking
like struggle and a lot of what I talk
about this work round around a lot of my
eye kind of out where confidence that
I've been able to kind of come and take
pride in you know was inspired by my
relationship with Colleen and so like
this having all this kind of come to
fruition at this moment and it's coming
- it's coming back to mine through the
process of grief it's just it's a weird
space to be in it's like how do I have a
right to shade even me do I have a right
to reflect do I have a right to insert
myself in the kind of communal grieving
that's happened because I didn't talk to
her for four years and you know I I have
a certain level of humility and
compassion that I would have loved to
see very day and that was kind of that
was why it was a lot more personal for
me and watching this episode I do agree
mary-jane acknowledged that she didn't
necessarily love least as much as she
could because she didn't want to hear
Lisa's truth nobody really wanted to
hear this is truth love your friend no
matter how ugly their truth is be
intentional have integrity even when
your pride gets in the way humility will
go a very long way hey Fred
let's talk nigga I love you I'm just so
grateful that I was able to have that
moment with someone who I'm so upset
that she is not here to share her magic
with the world I mean it's just crazy to
me that I didn't really have dreams of
reconciliation I just simply thought
that I would be great and Colleen would
be great and at some point our lives
would cross paths again and we'd be like
hey good lad you truly live I broke down
was when I realized she was a part of my
life when I was truly living under 20%
girl to be young and hopeful in New York
City before I got too damn expensive was
just so many memories so many so many
and I'm really really sad that she's not
here to continue just being awesome in
her own way it's not fair it sucks all
these things for being Mary Jane it's
just such a good show that it can even
like tap into all these feelings that
I'm going through inside let me know in
the comments down below what your
thoughts in this episode are I argue in
a blog post review please read it it
helps me so much
Rita girls I'm not you're like that
watching hear me talk but Reading Is
Fundamental
so it's comprehension and comments
comment on the blog post comment down
below as always thanks for watching
yeah the last time that we were here you
know my hair was like very very short
one like this lady thing how you doing
