hi I'm Josie and my beige is on fleek
right now all right we gonna do this get
ready with me because when I gotta do
today I didn't record some videos cuz I
n by the way is Hannah on my hands
I got it done at the place where I get
my eyebrows out of that do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do I got to go to the apple
store today because my macbook scream
been crazy and I need to get it feat
because I'm trying to get them to fix my
screen that's out of applecare that I
would beat my face and maybe get some
you know extra benefits from being cute
today and I need to get my passport
picture then I already have a passport
but I i need to get my visa applications
and I gotta get like six seven eight
maybe eight passport pictures oh you
guys to be cute and a visa picture I'm
gonna gonna gonna find me a bill maybe
I'll kumasi like hey I'm single that's
today you know how we do you're really
not here for the makeup you just want to
hear me talk and let's take a pre
picture are you ready this lighting is
just giving me all of the fluorescent
beige miss oh look I look Brown in my
iphone go there I look yellow as
probably because the ISO that's lighter
oh look moment still beige how beige do
you not beige Meghan won't entertain a
real good how Brown do you think i can
get when i'm in west africa my mind is
everywhere but here right now it's fine
I mean we've been to this process before
you know how I do my eyebrows I usually
edit this part out because i do my
eyebrows with the same products the same
way patients I've switched up the
foundation that i'm using i'm using
actually a bit of a heavier one but it's
still pretty light is the NYX steak
foundation and I'm mixing the colors i
have 0 9 and 0 7 because i don't know
where my OE is i was just given randomly
giving these away it's probably
somewhere in my office low at hold or
i'm only giving it to my sister but look
too light is victoria island in nigeria
like really a beach like Kylie up on the
beach I don't know what I think of
nigeria and
I think of the beach nor forgotten do I
really think I don't know I don't know
this is gonna be like what is that the
Atlantic Ocean style oh look at the damn
American questions that I have all right
this is me appropriating taking of
course my favorite Sigma stippling brush
it's probably time for me to get a new
one but just from me then huh you're not
be watching a little bit of you to make
up tutorials especially the ones with
the girls are like covering up really
bad like hyperpigmentation or acne scars
or whatever and I just feel like I'm
really too beige to speak on the topic
of white hyperpigmentation and acne
scars because clearly but my sister has
acne I remember that she has pretty bad
she's pretty bad acne if she's been
feeling with it forever I remember kid
and she was the prettier one and she got
acne and I'm like karma bitch that's
rude I love my sister she's still the
prettier one she actually has a nicer
body than I do she got our booty go set
up late on and city that our double D
with no bra even at sit perky even after
she done breastfed you know I stay
talking about me and my little ass
banana titties but it is what it is so
I'm trying to use the last of this
medium beige at like girl Pro I need to
go get more because clearly the struggle
is we the struggle is weird I mean yeah
but it's real too oh this is my workout
for today all right there's that so I be
following this makeup artist well I know
her in real life Renee sangano on
snapchat I felt like her snapchat name
is Renee made you look as a you but let
are you she does makeup for Angela
Simmons but what I enjoy most is her
makeup on herself she just be sly in
Renee always been pretty but I just
enjoy how she does her makeup and so
she'd be saying she don't really use
brushes she'd be used at her ring finger
like there's some sort of power in this
ring finger and I just like how would
look with my henna like I'll about
hipster like I know what I'm doing on
this here you to that I start and stop
that thought about people that be doing
all that heavy makeup that have
hyperpigmentation because I don't feel
like I have a whole lot of opinion I
felt like I'm not allowed to have a
whole lot of opinion on it because I'm
floresta pages and and people be
like oh suck the bacon or YouTube I've
had the opportunity to see in person as
i mentioned i love it don't look good
this is this is I'm saying that says I'm
just I just be adding different products
to make myself look like I'm Brown I'm a
very soft and subtle shade of brown
that's what I am today alright so but
here's one of the products that I do
think really really works um the cabinet
quan sensual skin so I wazoo I oscillate
between using I really expensive
products and more affordable products
and sell my Laura Mercier which all know
I loves I'm on the low end of it so I'm
trying to reserve a cup I'm too cheap
right now to go buy another forty eight
dollar bottle of tinted moisturizer and
these my foundation sticks like look I'm
okay but I bought this a while ago like
maybe Christmas time and I haven't used
it cuz this looks like us forty-eight
dollars i mean i've used it but
sparingly actually this is one of the
products i see on youtube and people be
like laying it on this should just thick
you wouldn't put a very thin layer of it
but this is kind of what gives that
sheer kind of shimmery and i think now
that I've lost enough of my tan it
actually really reads really well on my
skin would i buy this all over again i
don't know but i bought it and i did not
return it so I'm fitting to use it and I
actually quite like it mmm I didn't mean
to use this big brush all right now I'm
going to do that thing they do to give
the cheek a little more contour hip the
lightness underneath like that
oh sad tap time this is probably too
much this is how serious the Kevin of
quantum stuff is like you can literally
just do that little bit and be there
blend that damn ass cheeks bitch y'all's
cheeks okay and like really this is the
best my face routine so i'll share
laziness I've been wearing no eyeliner
not because it's hard to apply the
eyeliner but because it's just annoying
to wash off like that inglot is Pharaoh
it will sit on your face all day and the
exact same position that you put it in
that don't come off and so I mean
feeling like I'm losing eyelashes cuz I
got to be so rough when I wash it all
then I've just been lazy and not been
wearing a whole lot of eyeliner my eyes
are brown come Coon you don't know bitch
don't try me less I send for you cuz you
can't handle my snark boo boo
everybody's on my eyes are green do I
got something in my eye plug that green
eyes song by erykah badu but I never
been jealous of another woman who got
what a dude that I used to be with cuz
used to be is for a reason this is so
lovely when I do my makeup and exams
like the last piece of it and get
something in my eye why are you here to
come blow it out of my eye for me even
when used to somebody I am I'm Allah
blowing it what is that gonna do is that
really like what does that really blown
it this is it doesn't really work
because y'all breath does be high okay
add eyelashes and mascara now that's not
Mac lip liner so what I've been doing
lately is just filling in a lot
I'll it all right now I'm going to take
this my ex in Cairo the soft matte lip
cream love these can't really manipulate
these until they dry because it looks
one color when you apply and it dries
typically i want to say deeper and yeah
i like to apply a lot so I'm putting on
an oldie but goodie really I wanted to
put on my bob but I'm running late and I
got time to curl it right now I'm
obsessed with the bob but this is the
mercy extension hair I've had it for a
little over two years now and um it's
still pretty amazing look at that whole
new life gives you Tina Marie tease ya
brooch flashback who's bad hello that's
what this giving me I won't even be
knowing to larry's Tina Marie songs I
just be singing along whoever wears I'd
have made up so I curled the lace
closure with some perm rods because you
know it's mccarley hair the closure is
almost always looser than the actual
hair and that's why I haven't been
wearing that this often even though I
love the hair but putting some part nuts
and it is given it all the light ok
finished look ah do you like it I'm
loving it this actually I'm really cute
and quick and now i'm bout to be late
for my apple appointment girl i gots to
be out
don't get to sleep
