hey guys it's Dooley doing a super quick
and dirty video recording this with my
iPhone on my selfie stick in my hallway
look at my bag oh that's the painting I
got in South Africa
speaking of Africa if you didn't know
because you don't follow me on social
media um I am going to Ghana for six
weeks I leave a month from today I'll be
there November 21st through January 6
super excited though I'm not quite
excited about this that cost these
vaccinations girl why yellow fever costs
Oh damage and then the first week that
I'm there I will actually be going with
shameless Maya and hey friend hey we'll
be headed into Togo working on an
awesome project super excited can't wait
to announce that to you and I also plan
on hopping over to Lagos for New Year's
Eve because I have a ton of friends who
will be there in town for a wedding and
then some that would be their own
business and I have friends that live
there already so being that close might
as well take a short jaunt over to
Nigeria I know I have to go back and do
a full on trip but that Nigerian visa
girl they trying to get back because of
the American visa is so damn difficult
tit for tat tips attack but the point of
this is one I already asked us on
Instagram and Facebook I would love to
connect with other smart brown girls and
just social influencers that are doing
great things in Ghana any of the major
cities Kumasi or Accra and then anybody
who's based in Lagos Nigeria it would be
great if you know anyone that you think
you would like to see interview with or
who just do really admire what they're
doing whether it's man or woman please
comment down below if you have links to
their info that would be awesome as well
I'm also thinking about doing a smart
brown girl event in Ghana and or Nigeria
because I don't know that I have a very
large audience in Lagos or in Accra but
I know I have a smidgen smidgen I have a
you know my largest audience in Africa
is actually number one is South Africa
then two is Kenya
I don't know how many people actually
are aware who are aware of the smart
brown girl movement in West Africa
however I know that I do have a lad of
Ghanaian that I know I I keep one in to
like backtrack because I usually edit
use now you guys like to see how much I
trip over my own words when I do videos
but I know a lot of guy me and - British
American whatever and Nigerian - the
whole damn world's a smart brown girls
and because it's the holiday season I
know a ton of people will be home in the
major cities between Ghana and Nigeria
and sorry this is think it would be
great to connect with both and maybe it
might be easier than actually producing
an event in the States because States
just kiss real expensive then you gotta
worry about sponsorships and folks it's
just it's weird how I can go to another
country and do an event a lot easier and
I can in the country that I actually
reside in but you know doing something
like a real small dinner or just
something cute and kind of being able to
connect with the audience that I don't
have access to because I am based in the
States and travel is expensive and I
know you guys have a lot harder time of
being able to support because the cost
of the products that I produce are a lot
more expensive for you guys so this way
it will allow me to kind of bring over
my stuff get to meet and greet you guys
and just be true so if you are going to
be home and you well back to your
family's home in any of the major cities
in Ghana because I'm being kind of long
enough that I can I'll probably do an
event if I do it'll probably be in Accra
but if enough kind of demand happens in
one of the other cities I can possibly
make that happen
Nigeria is only gonna be Legos because
I'm only gonna be a Nigeria for five to
six days because it's so damn expensive
Jesus like hoes ain't cheap girl is not
um but yeah I have a friend based in
Legos so that might actually logistical
e be a bit easier to produce I don't
know I'm just kind of it just dawned on
me like it would be so cool to do a
dinner if I did it here in the States it
would be a really big production but I
could do something a little bit more am
I making sense I don't know I'm just
working at all through my head
so comment
down below be an awesome smart brown
girl one let me know if you'll be home
in either Legos or Acura or Kumasi 2 if
there's any smart brown girls or guys
who you like me to interview connect
with make some things happen names and
links if you have them will be awesome
and then if you're down poor smart
brunker Levin out there and we'll see
what we can do we only have who 30 days
girls so much I gotta go take passport
pictures and visas and vaccinations and
travel insurance and pliny economy on a
21 hours flight oh oh prayers but I'm so
excited and I'm so grateful for this
opportunity you guys just don't I just I
can't even communicate my elation right
now bye
