hey guys it's Julie and this smart brown
girl Thursday we're talking about
important issues that impact women of
color and as you can see I've been
playing around with the background
though last video I did a black backdrop
this is one I have a bright yellow one
let me know your thoughts of course you
know ShopSmart brown girl that calm
state less on Bob Walker you know we got
these in men's shirts as well they're
available in adults men's and women's
shirts a lot with the mugs so sip along
this is my brown girl this week we're
going to talk about the fear of success
it is something that has been on my mind
for a while and it's come about and like
a really kind of weird way I've been
doing the YouTube thing full-time for a
little over a year now and it has put me
in a very peculiar place in that when my
YouTube channel started to kind of take
traction is also when I moved to a city
where I knew absolutely nobody where I
had no established relationships or
friendships or family for that matter
and so it's been weird to kind of go
through this period of one establishing
myself as a full-time like content
creator and watching my brand kind of
grow outside of the realm of YouTube and
then also kind of pushing myself
well definitely pushing myself outside
of my comfort zone in my real personal
life because I moved to a new city where
I knew nobody at 29 and as an adult was
forced to establish new relationships
which as we know once we had the high
school college bubble establishing the
relationships is not that easy and I was
going through it at a time where I was
also for the first time working for
myself and it was actually like paying
my bills and so what nobody really kind
of talks about is this period and even I
have a hard time kind of articulating
exactly what these feelings are the best
way that I can explain and it's so funny
because I'm going to make a religious
reference even though I'm not a very
religious person is the pastor at the
church that I attend hope city he's been
doing this series called a dream again
and one of the messages in the series is
about appreciating the process and then
the very like because I do everything
but what I'm supposed to do my church I
mean here don't church but what I
remember is that Pastor Jeremy was
saying that you have to appreciate the
process and the process is the hard part
like when you asked for the blessing
right and you know that at the end of
the road you're going to receive that
blessing you still have to travel the
road and go through the process and put
the work in to get to the end result and
essentially the blessing so he was kind
of countering prosperity preaching this
idea were like you pray you sow a seed
and then itself kind of you know
manifest in like monetary or material
value and it's like in order to get the
material value you have to go through
the process you're going to go through a
certain amount of work to get there and
so I am in in this transition of being
successful within establishing a
community of smart brown girls and this
big success when Julie there's just
things that I didn't think I was going
to encounter in the process that have
entirely thrown me for a loop this is a
thing that a lot of people go through in
their career and nobody's talking to us
about before you become successful or
you're at the point where you're giving
speeches about oh you know my success
and everyone kind of puts on
rose-colored glasses once they reach the
pinnacle of success and you know they
kind of quip it into like these easy
one-liners of what their trajectory was
even when they are acknowledging the
hardships they went through it's like
you know I just kind of dug my feet in
the ground and really stuck firm and was
firming my beliefs know everybody skims
over the process and I think maybe they
skim over it because even I have trouble
articulating exactly what the process
means to me and how its kind of played
into my fear of success and knowing that
I'm doing something that I can be
successful at and the way that those
realization
even happen for me I think twice about
how I'm acting now and I'm out in public
you know people run up on me when I'm at
the grocery store looking dry as in
my pajamas my teeth not brush because I
ran out forgot I ran out of toothpaste
or something happened more frequently as
people who are like I've been waiting to
run into you I'm so happy I'm a smart
brown girl and it's extremely touching
it's touching when other influencers are
texting me or tweeting me and letting me
know that people have seen us together
and they're so happy that someone else
who I look up to and I think is
influential is getting messages from my
audience about how it's so cool that
they know me does that make sense
it's all very mind-boggling and there is
a certain amount of fear that that also
strikes me with even though that's a
really weird feeling because these are
all positive things that are happening
to me but you do find comfort in the the
not-so-good qualities of life right in
that I'm used to struggling I'm used to
being broke I've been on food stamps
before you know it's a kid at school
with free lunch I didn't know in a pair
of Nikes until I had my own job at high
school like believing me my child it was
not a struggle but it was kind of said
that I was used to not having when I'm
stepping out of that comfort zone right
of this comfort zone of being used to
this kind of being skimmed over being
used to not having do I deserve this is
it going to fall out of me from
underneath me one day is this my right
to have it and I'm not fishing for
compliments feel like I don't need you
guys to reaffirm me and like you know I
get it like trust I'm working through it
but I want to talk about this because I
feel like I think there's something that
I'm going through that a lot of other
smart brown girls and are going through
as well and even though I don't know
that I'm being very clear it's like it
might be an aha moment for somebody and
I help somebody out get through
something that I myself have been
working through too and the comfort that
I've had in not having and to be in a
position where I can potentially have
and there's just part of the process
that I have to
in order to get to the half and like
psyching myself out like knowing that
there's very basic things that I have to
do is probably much the ire of people
that work with me behind the scenes
we're trying to get me to do certain
things and I might I could be a little
bit I'd be a lot stubborn actually when
it comes to anything in LA but why are
you being so stubborn about this and it
is an insecurity that I've been holding
on to I have been allowing my fear of
success to putting me into a
counterproductive space this movie
season this hasn't been easy for me on a
personal level I've been working through
a lot of my insecurities a lot of my
perceptions of South the whole life
stuff you know it doesn't look your
mental self harm girl let me tell you it
is it's part of the process that has to
be done it is definitely work that has
to be done I know that I'll be a much
better person all right but it ain't
being EC at all I definitely was dealing
with a bout of depression and so I met
this dude through somebody else and you
know I do feel like you attract what you
put out and so I was fairly miserable
and misery loves company except where I
was working out my misery like you know
I was walking out of that and so we fell
into something kind of roundabout and
then what I realized that he was the
physical manifestation of my morbid
fascination with people who do not like
me but keep up with me and it's just
weird because I was realizing how one
easiness to fall into an emotionally
abusive relationship I'm like this is
not even my mo right am I like really
like what is this attraction like I
don't it was one big mind but he
constantly had negative things to say
about me even though he was the one who
pursued me I was just so intrigued by it
but it's a statement read that I have in
living in this online space and having
people on the internet who can't stand
me don't like me that nothing but
negative thing to say about me but
they're clearly following my every move
because they can recount these random
was a cold like facts about me that I
might have said in passing right it's
like what if you don't like me why are
you so into keeping
with me and I've been fascinated by you
I'm giving way too much energy to
something very negative like I know this
but I wasn't willing to let go of it and
this guy was like the physical
representation of that like literally I
gave way too much conversation to him
about why are you why do you even bother
with me if you have so many negative
things to say about me in the end like
the last conversation I had with him I
was like this is what misery
looks like this is what all that
negativity about me this is what my
fascination with the negativity this is
what it is and it does it's not good
it's not healthy it was just like it
wasn't really kind of out-of-body
experience to see it physically
manifested in another being and just be
like they are not well at all like oh my
gosh and this is this is what I've been
doing to myself and this is where it's
gonna lead me and this is how it can
just take it has taken so much out of me
and I've been doing it as a diversion to
focusing on the part the process that I
need to be focused on in order to be
successful been asking for signs whether
you're asking the universe or a holy
being for signs but then it shown to you
and it becomes so scary it's like oh
like this is oh my gosh me like really
we have been so often training about
this humility especially it's black
women it's beat over a head so much and
some of the most like inappropriate ways
it's like that humility doesn't have a
place right here right now but
especially when you're outwardly
confident I do get humility kind of
thrown back in my face a lot and so I'm
always trying to doubly prove that I am
a humble person and that I don't think
about myself above other people and
maybe I will
and I've allowed myself to feed into
this kind of doubling back into humility
as an excuse to not own all my success
essentially like oh my right to that
pathway and then going ahead and putting
in the work and I think once you truly
believe in your success and once you
really believe in yourself and you you
don't allow the negativity that impact
you it is a lot easier to
make the sacrifices that you need to
make in order to reach that success
because part of the process is going to
be sacrifice and compromise and my ear'
success has made it easier for me to
dismiss and not play into the sacrifice
and compromise because I'm like well I
don't really think it's been to happen
for me anyway and I'm single and I need
to go date and do all these other things
if I'm gone and done that and I've
allowed my fear of success to proceed me
numerically on YouTube I'm statistically
I'm not successful on YouTube but I'm
Way past the point of caring about my
numbers I'm actually not really
interested in putting an effort in
growing my audience I'm very happy with
the audience of smart brown girls that I
have you guys excite me and amaze me so
much in so many ways and it's just crazy
to even see people kind of take a hold
of the smart brown girl hashtag and
really create their own sense of self
around that it is it's just
awe-inspiring in the most amazing of
ways I don't even have anymore additives
to add to that but it's so dope it don't
allow yourself to south defeat because
you're so used to being in a place of
defeat even what the guy was dealing
with I was like you know it's almost
kind of interesting to see someone who I
think has a great deal of talent but
it's so used to kind of not getting the
opportunity that that's almost what they
project
I can't even fault him I like turn my
nose about him for doing that because
I've done it myself
and I see other people do it on a
constant basis that we're so used to
being seen by the outside world as less
than or just not having that we find
comfort in that when in order to reach
your level of success you are going to
most definitely have to step out of your
comfort zone and move into an area that
is just not untried you know I worked on
this campaign at Nike for 2030 orden was
I live in Kennedy I have a tendency and
the creative director pitched a campaign
for the 23rd Jordan and I feel like I've
given this example before about Beatles
song Eleanor
which is all about this lonely lady who
sat in a charge of diet alone and they
were building this whole campaign about
to be legendary is to be lonely and not
to negate the the profoundness of being
legendary but it's saying that in order
to reach of status of like higher
success in order to reach where your
legacy is now legendary you have an
impact that it sounds kind of elitist to
say right but that you are going to move
above a lot of your Peters and people
aren't going to be able to relate to you
once you get to a certain level because
you're going to move beyond their
understanding it's like when Michael
Jordan wanted to practice more than his
homeboys they're like we don't get why
you always want to be on the court so
much like well they're not going to be
Michael Jordan you know he reached a
level of legacy and basketball that's
still untouched to this day feel like
jay-z has talked about this in multiple
interviews there's a certain level of
loneliness that you're going to go
through in the process and you you're
going to move out of the familiar and
that he'll I feel like I'm almost
talking in circles but it's just a
really weird kind of grey space that you
exist in before that tipping point
happens and even though I'm not super
concise in articulating it I hope that
somebody understands what I'm talking
about and that this encourages them as
I'm hoping to encourage myself to press
aveer to keep ahead to not focus on the
negative to appreciate the positive to
own your confidence on your work on the
success that it's coming your way
because you deserve it that comes to you
in any way it comes to you because it's
not going to come to you in the way that
you expected to open your palms up and
say thank you and just accept it it's a
limit on the time it's down below if you
have any sort of fear of success have
you allowed yourself to get stuff in the
familiarity of mediocrity and not having
and the struggle it's so brutal as a
black person just being so comfortable
in the struggle I'm let me down have you
been through any of the things that I've
talked about in this video
let's dialogue have discussion bridge
together the community of smart brown
bears always say black
and I bother
