hey guys it's jewel T and today's video
is my opinion on living in Houston Texas
so a little over a year ago I put a
video and blog post up entitled on
living in a Washington DC it sucks
and I kind of went in because I was
entirely over the District of Columbia
the blog post definitely went viral and
since then everyone has been asking
about how I feel about moving to Houston
from DC as of August 27th I have
officially been in Houston Texas for a
year um and it doesn't quite suck I
think a lot of people have been
commenting on how I look like I've lost
weight I look happier than or about me I
don't know that's really indicative of
being in Houston so much as I you know
my really more so because of my smart
brown girls that I am in a much happier
place and when I moved here I did kind
of realize how negative of a place I was
in DC and I made a very conscious effort
to work on my emotional self and my
emotional well-being and I've talked
about that in some of my smart brown
girl topics from last fall when I what's
interesting since I've been here on my
personal life I have definitely dealt
with a very high level of betrayal since
I moved to Houston um I've just gone
through things within my friends and
intimate well friends acquaintance and
intimate relationships that um who I may
act as I told you if I was that messy of
a person you'd be like girl you are
living in a soap opera but um I don't
know how much I want to hold that over
Houston the city of Houston's head you
know like my own personal dealings I
think part of it definitely is kind of
mean I talked about this in the finding
losing and maintaining friendship video
about coming to grips with whether or
not I really want it
friends and the fact that I am older I'm
thirty years old so I moved on I was 29
and that's just an entirely different
ball game than when I moved to New York
City at 19 you know I'm gonna approach
things a lot differently so huh I have
one big complaint about Houston and my
complaint is kind of like it is the
worst and the best thing about Houston
everything that I have an issue with in
this city always comes back to Houston
is a huge-ass city Houston has a 22 mile
radius that means if you stand in the
center of Houston you can drive 22 miles
in any direction and you will still be
within the Houston City Limits that does
not include the suburbs abuse I mean
Houston itself is one big suburban city
but it doesn't clewd the outlying
suburbs of Houston that still get lumped
in with Houston with his Missouri City
Sugar Land Palin Katy and spring so for
somebody moving here with no family no
friends and I work for myself the
largeest is that a word the the size of
Houston makes it very difficult to meet
people here um yeah I could talk about
the lack of community in Houston but I
don't really feel like that's a fair
sentiment it's not that Houston
entirely lacks a sense of community it's
that Houston for me I mean I think this
is gonna be ridiculous but Drake did a
really good job and making Houston seem
like it is this for like single
young black professionals I want to be
right on my woes I want to be a moderate
ish here and I'm mmm um it's the south
so people here are a lot more
family-oriented and because it just is
so much driving you have people who live
on The Woodlands you people they live on
Katy and then you trying to tell them
hey I want to go hang out in Montrose
which is mid like Midtown area of
Houston and in traffic that could be an
hour-and-a-half Drive people just aren't
as quick
like oh yeah I'm going to come out the
house and hang with you people who are
native to Houston there's a very very
strong sense of family a lot of people
here just hang out with their families
houstonians will definitely cancel on
you at the last minute usually because
they're going hang out with their
families instead
and unlike DC where I had an issue with
the lack of community because this is a
small city so like the lack of community
was just kind of like really um it's not
that people are hanging out with their
families people are just not not acting
with you at all in DC and it's not that
people aren't acting with you here
sometime people are they turn their nose
up on like you can't do anything for you
so I'm not gonna associate with you it
really just is a train of thought that
like how much traffic am I gonna have to
drive through how much mileage if I
gotta come out of my car to get to where
you want to hang out at when it's just
so much easier for me to hang out with
my big-ass family out in Katy why that
 that shows what it is for a lot of
folks now to get into quickly what I
think is great for Houston I would not
deter anybody from moving here even for
single people I think my difference is
that I work from home and I work for
myself so my ability to my networks to
socialize through are going to be a lot
more skewed I also have not been very
active in my story because moving from
the Northeast the South that I just
wasn't trying to deal with the whole
political differences like girl I wasn't
ready for it I didn't even go out for it
but for two Houston's credit like I have
not met really any bro people here like
the economy here is really good now
trust me we still in Texas we still have
a senator that's crazy name Ted Cruz we
are still in a Republican dominated area
so there are definitely social issues
I'm also not from Houston and not from
the wards so I don't necessarily see a
whole lot of that so this might be it is
inherently a little bit classes but for
the kind of black educated circle if
you're moving from outside of Houston to
here I just have not encountered a lot
of grow people everyone here I know
as a job like yes a lot of the energy
companies have done layoffs but I've
seen a lot of people be able to bounce
back and forward to other jobs it wasn't
like in New York when the recession hit
and I was working an advertising a lot
of us were just kind of looking at each
other like damn there really ain't
nowhere for us to go a lot of people
here who are entrepreneurs a lot of
people that work in the kind of events
industry is really big out here so
catering things that I just never
thought of for event cuz Houston's
houstonians are very much about family
and so they are always and then there's
a very large Nigerian community here so
like they them Nigeria themselves too
like two three weddings per couple black
regular black folks here be on the same
thing to like birthdays and just people
love to have intimate gatherings with
family here that's definitely the
industry that exists here in Houston so
and then on top of that the low cost of
living here is just if you are looking
to flourish in your career especially if
you are in the medical or oil industry
here Houston is a great city to be in
what I know about Houston is I know
there is definitely an audience of young
black professionals here and I'm a paid
member in the Urban League YP young
professionals you know I'm on meetup
comm I've done like social things I go
to Hope City Church at Memorial High
School that everyone so segmented here
but that just goes back to how big
Houston is make a lot more poignant
plans to actually get together I could
be very happy with where I'm at
in Houston in that I do have a cute
little social circle of women who I hang
out with you know I know the areas where
to go I live in a three-bedroom
townhouse and my rent is pretty low
considering that I own a car now like I
I have things to do tonight and this
weekend I have plans that I have
absolutely the best thing about Houston
is I love going to hope cities it is
hands-down the best thing I have found
out about Houston um and so if you have
but if I think if you're moving from
other cities in the south houston is
definitely very appealing for those of
us who move here from the Northeast
the transition is a little bit different
right because southern culture is just
different here interesting to me because
I have met a lot of very well-educated
women um they just aren't very outwardly
opinionated and so people always are
like I could tell you from the east
coast cuz you just got something to say
about everything and I'm like I mean I
like to talk it's never really been
something that was thrown at me until I
as a negative until I got to Houston
where I've been hearing a lot more oh
you talk like you know everything and
I'm like no but I like you know I mean
I'm factual that's just how I talk or
she's annoying because she's always
talking about something so deep you know
there's a lot more kind of surface here
and a lot more cuz I don't want to put
it so yeah it's like a quick down I just
think it's culturally like a little bit
different like the Northeast we just are
a lot more aggressive we do kind of deal
with things a lot more head-on with how
like Sandra bland happened I don't know
anybody here that joining the protests
for Sandra bland you know but like all
my friends back on the East Coast was
like black lives matter Eric when Eric
garner thing happened in New York like
everybody was out at the protest and a
bland what Walker County is maybe 40
minutes from me like that's literally
like me driving over to the west side of
Houston essentially it's just a
different dichotomy when you're getting
here but kind of how the community work
I'm gonna I don't want this to turn into
kind of like an ethnocentric battle you
know as soon as you say Nigerian people
get real sensitive but there is a very
large concentration of Nigerians in
Houston if you follow me on snapchat or
you watch my videos consistently or my
view or if you watch my blog Channel I
do hang out with quite a bit of
Nigerians here but I hang out with a
good bit of everybody who's black here I
have not made any white friends here
which I do feel kind of bad about but um
and that's not because white people here
aren't about it it's just because I have
to make a lot more of an effort to say
I'm going to go out and pursue these
type of people and make friends with
these type of people and then the girl
that I was hanging out with here first
is Nigerian it
introduce me to her social circle like
I'm in a workout group and the bulk of
them are Nigerian so I've expanded my
social circle kind of through that
Network until I started going to Hope
City which I found out about through
another Nigerian I really had a hard
time kind of connecting with where the
black Americans out here like where the
regular black folk because there is a
there is a very clean line in Houston
between um the Nigerian community and
the black American community here and
when you talk to either side that gets
very accusatory from both sides
um and I'm kind of it's interesting
though because a lot of Nigerians here
have been here for two and three
generations you know their deltas are
outfits or aks and they went to LSU and
you have aged and TSU in Prairie View
it's really interesting to go out and be
in a room of 60 people and they're only
be two black Americans and I'm like they
are y'all consciously doing this and
then everybody tells it saying oh we got
called booty scratchers growing up but
I'm like what you want you in a black
fraternity and you went to our so like
they was doing that at Howard or we just
we still talked about 1992 cuz I'm
confused and then you asked black
Americans and they're like well they
don't let us in there very stank
they're very rude and I'm like well is
that fair to generalize about all of
them like I mean you had those
experiences but you know it's gonna
whatever you know I just like Coach with
a capital C and I want us all to come
together so it's a conversation that I'm
learning to let go of and just accept
how it is here Houston has a great food
scene there are some like girl the
restaurant here are awesome I you know I
love to eat and I really thought because
being in Texas that people are gonna be
a little bit fatter but people eat and
work out here like OD like running and
working out like I'm fat in Houston like
I'm very conscious of my weight in
Houston and I'm you know I was conscious
of my weight in New York when I went
back home to Delaware I was like oh I'm
cute I'm cute here but a Houston decide
and everybody really snatched like
eating very well and they're still like
because I just work out there's a very
healthy tinge lifestyle here a lot of
mom-and-pop shops that are flourishing
here you know I live
up the block from like the red snow the
snow wagon the rides the little girl
getting my little I didn't even
never knew that snow cone for that damn
delicious till I went there and if it
wasn't for the fact that I currently
have two cavities in the back of my
mouth I would probably be there every
other day like slurping up all the
sugary with extra cream that I
could I know this is kind of all over
the place but I really just don't have a
succinct opinion on Houston and I'd
never want to display somebody from
moving here people have been asking me
on tips about moving here I will do a
whole separate video about tips on
moving across the country or moving
anywhere alone though people love to
email me asking for specific suggestions
about where to move in Houston I don't
have any Houston's a huge city as I've
said there is no enclave of anything
anywhere unless you are Chinese and you
wanna go to bel-air I can't give you
individual advice on where to move here
you just kind of have to it's you gonna
have to close your eyes and jump on some
level or find somebody that lives here
if you can um through your network and
have them show you around town is
definitely your best bet thanks for
watching thanks for supporting and being
a smart brown girl remain please
remember for everyone's nice more from
girl I get a ton of guys asking me about
Smart Growth I shirts and a ton of you
know other ethnicity other races asking
about how to support I have my state
glass and unbothered their shirts I
haven't gotten my shirts yet but their
shirts or men and women and the mugs and
this is not a religious thing at all let
you can be blessed through very Jesus
God I love Vindu or through your mama
what a blessing you is blessing you
Aerodyne ain't got nothin to do with the
head ends alright
thanks for supporting I know my speech
is slurred because I gotta get my
cavities filled
you
