hey guys Josie it's time for another pop
snog we talk about everything from the
low prof the high brow as long as your
eyebrows are on fleek clean clean clean
clean clay as always say bless and
unbothered mugs are now available on
shop that smart brown girl that Pam I
have officially wrapped up my months of
doing wig reviews I have four which is a
lot for me I'm not really a fan of doing
so much sponsored content in one month
but when we close out the store to
revamp I took a financial hit and this
door is really what its funding my
ability to do pop smart and smart brown
girl video so the more east the more
this and the bookstore the less
sponsored content I promised to do last
week I got to go to Charleston South
Carolina to sit and a global YouTube
panel about amplifying black voice and
it was an awesomesauce event what I
think the Young Turks will be putting
out a blog it was great to meet all you
guys out in Charleston it was just like
an awesome amazing I'm still reeling
from the energy Google gives us the
opportunity to do more of these events
because it was just great what was also
great during that weekend is even though
I found Charleston to be like kind of
in-your-face very southern white
privilege like when you look at races um
you know Charleston has a very deep
history in the slave trade it was the
largest slave port in the United States
of America it also had more slaves than
white people when they were the first
state South Carolina to succeed from the
Union during the Civil War
I didn't just be a great time for those
of you who don't know the history of the
Confederate flag which is directly tied
to Charleston South Carolina again that
you check out my a short video on the
history of the Confederate flag also
while in Charleston to wrap it up Jordan
Davis's parents sat at our panel and
also presented the documentary on their
son who was killed for playing his music
too loud at a gas station
so the documentary on Jordan Davis is
called three and a half minutes ten
bullets I got the opportunity to watch
it it is
amazing it is everything the documentary
is so simple in the punch that it packs
you know I just wear brown girl I will
leave links down below to how you can
view the documentary please go watch
three and a half minutes 10 bullets it
is vital now let's get into something
like I guess more Shiloh news because
Garnett was heavy oh well you guys know
I'm sippin on probably because I'm only
sipping on lemon water I'm keeping a
healthy yes the only liquor I have left
in my house is currently Crown Royal you
probably are tired of hearing me say
that I'm coming with an apple
I'm just cheap I buy one bottle at a
time like girl let me know what you are
sipping on in the comments down below
this past Sunday the VMAs the Video
Music Awards aired on MTV now I was out
enjoy your life because I'm single
trying to mingle and I actually need to
meet some friends who will not betray me
and you think of girl my luck oh just
ain't here right now songs out at dinner
enjoying a glorious meal and i'm
actually missed the VMAs trying to come
home and watch it after the fact which
means I got the joy of fast-forwarding
through all the fuckery things that I
wasn't interested in and all the
commercials which left me with about 20
minutes of a three-hour program that I
actually was interested in watching you
if you ain't watch it you ain't missed
nothing and I'm gonna quickly recap
through the things that were actually
like I guess notable the VMAs I'll go
into even arch performing now I enjoyed
the 20 damn girl song I actually if I if
I was ever going to lie about my
ethnicity I would definitely be like
what's up sharp on the Trinidad I love
Canadian food I like everything about
your dad Peter drops roti polari doubles
sorrow it's just I'm so hungry right now
oh but other than that I mean Harper and
Taylor Swift out at Rumble bumble humbug
on Twitter like I guess I'm not like a
hater of Taylor Swift but Taylor Swift
is kind of mediocre as fuck to me and
that's just you I just die about her
just like okay
that's cute if you like it sure aqua
more staying downtown which is another
song that I absolutely do not get like
like what what is that like why for what
no actually no I'll pass however he did
bring out Grandmaster cab
melly-mel & kool Moe Dee three early hip
hop artists who definitely shaped the
sound of hip hop and allowed it to even
be a thing in American culture so Big
Ups to him for going back to rappers
that are often overlooked by the current
mainstream rappers who don't entirely
remember where they came from
I cannot identify which of them is which
I think
melly-mel is the one that's insisted on
wearing medium shirts likes medium all
white outfit forever in a day yeah you
know I mean I don't you know it's wrong
to throw shades I'm just gonna stop
while I'm ahead
you know you can't get through an award
show without right people offending
black folks
so of course rebel Wilson took upon
herself to wear a stripper police outfit
while presenting the best hip hop video
award because making a joke about black
lives matter campaigning against police
violence is like funny to someone I
don't know who found that humor is
probably not even Donald Trump girl
no it wasn't I'm like somebody on MTV
staff wrote that shit somebody probably
went to the black person on MTV staff
and Reina by this I'm feeling like one
of our own is co-conspirators in this
fuck shit by girl like y'all are all
wrong but Miley Cyrus hosted it which
means that we got to see Miley Cyrus to
got her tongue and be on the stage
almost entirely naked in plastic outfits
because this is what Miley Cyrus does
now I don't actually like really hate
Miley Cyrus because her cover of
joseline is that the song
joseline would Dorothy um oh what's that
rubber big cities name am i running a
blank at the most inopportune time Jesus
be some memory let's just google it
joseline
no that would be the trick from loving
hip-hop so Miley Cyrus's cover of Jolene
with her god mama
Dolly Parton yes exceptional like Miley
can really sing English I might even
like some of that Mike will made it shit
too and so I mean I just I just want her
to sing it shut up that's why what Miley
to do not only does Miley not just sing
it shut up not only is she insisting on
the torque and the tongue the
appropriating black culture the being
naked all the time thing but she also
did an interview that came out like a
couple days before the VMAs in the New
York Times where she's speaking to the
ruffle humbug that Nicki Minaj and
Taylor Swift had over and Nicki Minaj
tweeting about racism in the music
industry and Taylor not getting it
because she's a mediocre wanker I mean
she made a little bit she's not gonna
bug the average mediocre white girl like
that's just that's wrong that I don't
know I'm conflicted
however Miley as an actual white woman
has no right to interject on her opinion
about whether Nicki was credible and
saying what she was saying about how
black women are treated in the industry
um but Miley pretty much said that uh if
Nicki was a nicer person people might
actually listen to her and girl you
ain't even got to be from nowhere for
them to be fighting words you just got
to be human what seems like it was
scripted but apparently everybody is
saying it was not Nicki won some award
that she was the only one who had to cut
to the Webby Award for was it for the
best hip-hop song actually maybe I don't
know because I just kept telling how
many times Kendrick Lamar's alright
video was nominated and it's amazing my
favorites play them every morning cuz we
gonna be alright um did not win though
so Nicki just kind of segues thanking
her pastor Lydia who has to be I mean
some might say that she's the worst
pastor ever however I believe in giving
it all glower to Jesus and that one day
he will provide me with the glorious
morning dick so you know your pastors
might do different things for different
people I don't know I don't judge
people's religious beliefs however she
thanked her pastor then immediately got
real gangster with Miley like yo what's
good though how you gonna talk about me
though and I must say to my discredit
she kind of swivel to the web dodged it
a little bit anyway let it roll off her
back I mean she did the best she could
do in that setting but my you know
sometimes hood shit in deers any people
just a little bit more so that might
have just endeared me to Nikki my nick
you wonder speaking of pastors was
trusted beware baptized during the UM
VMAs act like he flew up in the air and
then came back down and I think he was
crying some tears of like I want to say
white tears of being a fuck-boy but uh I
don't know maybe he was repenting from
his tough boy ways the the verdict is
still out we don't know I was
unimpressed
there has been some bumble about China
blac Chyna and amber Rose's outfits they
both wore like skin-tight outfits that
had the word slut ho you know they ride
the storm the heavens thrown at them and
they're saying that it speaks for the
feminist movement and there's been some
problem about well this is really
benefit feminism especially for women of
color does this actually benefit us in
the feminist movement and um you know I
am of the belief that I don't have the
right to Patrol anybody version of
feminism if that is y'all version of
feminism if you rock with that thumbs up
to you I am of the opinion that we can't
actually have a discourse about what is
beneficial and what is this really doing
and what is the critical thought behind
this yes we can definitely talk about it
so with that said I'm going to say that
I don't think this is beneficial at all
to the feminist movement I haven't
really I don't think they're really
considering the context in which women
are actually being assaulted with these
words and how them coming out with their
manufactured balumptuous' buddies might
be kind of counterproductive to the
women who are getting shamed with these
terms uh I do think there's a Congress
that can be had and I'm willing to hear
both sides so go ahead comment down
below with your opinion on the movement
not against the Kanye Kanye won some
award that I believe MTV made just for
Kanye to win and of course because
marketing and clickbait Taylor Swift
presented the award now interestingly
Kanye who pretty much made Taylor Swift
relevant through walking up on stage
like six years ago it has it has it been
that long
are we all that old he kind of lamented
and I guess in a Kanye Eska way repented
over his actions from that night and
feeling guilt six years later over the
situation now what was most interesting
was that um he owned presents some
questions in his 16 minute speech I
believe it was and answers none of them
he says that in grabbing the mic from
Taylor makes him think of his daughter
North or maybe that his daughter North
made him re-evaluate that situation but
having a daughter does not make him
reevaluate his statements about Tyga
getting in early with Kylie Jenner does
not make him reevaluate any of his
previous misogyny I mean I wonder if it
makes and reevaluate wearing the
Confederate flag on his concert apparel
you know so many other things would know
just Taylor Swift so I guess he's
accepting the award Wow completely
shitting on the concept of award shows
like as much as like Kanye's
intelligence engineering and I get
Kanye's a Gemini so his power of you him
making you think the Shanice Pena
actually makes sense is way on another
level just astrologically speaking
however me and it don't really like no I
don't agree and it's like Kanye on some
levels even when he's complaining about
how the industry works he's complaining
because the industry is not working it's
not that he's against the cycle in all
honesty it's just that neither he's
against the cycle not working for him
when he wants it to work for him because
even in the way he does things like
releasing a pair of shoes that costs an
insane amount are putting out a clothing
line that just looks like homeless
people clothing and charging ridiculous
for it that he knows we were going to
spend on it he's still participating in
the capitals of many complains about and
so um you know the duplicity of Kanye's
mind is just ever interesting and he
says he's gonna listen to the kids bro
which I believe only Jaden Smith would
ever understand and then you're running
for president in 2020 I'm looking
forward to that campaigning that is
really all I have on the BM and stay
blessed and stay on by this support a
smart brown girl and I hope you enjoyed
I know it was a little short but I know
I owe you a week of videos cuz I did too
many with reviews last month so imma get
to it sooner then later thank you for
support
