hey guys it's Suzie it's time for
another pop star we talk about
everything from a little bribe the
highbrow as long as your eyebrows are up
sleek and I know you're like where is
Bob stark been it's been two whole weeks
but girl what did I tell ya I wasn't
doing the posh market I got my stay
blessed and I'm bothered one thing or
officially in and you can order them at
shop that smart brown girl dot-com and
since I'm so excited this week is a very
special drink I got I finally went to
the black-owned Hanks ice cream parlor
in downtown Houston my nephew and my
sister here for the weekend side took
them for some ice cream my nephew was
actually very nice to me because he was
he licked the bowl clean and got their
banana pudding ice cream which is
awesome and then I mixed in some ginger
beer because I want to put liquor in it
and my favorite Crown Royal maple it is
good girl
clink clink clink clink glass so o'clock
in the morning and I'm really according
this pop snart because it ain't no way
that I could put up any other video
before I put it with pops night so this
is dedication and this is love I love
y'all so much that I've heard y'all
requests for starting a book club we're
not there yet still getting it together
but in the meantime in between times we
are getting much closer to that and
hopefully putting out a podcast I have
launched the smart brown girl jewels
e-book store at books that Josie that
calm how currently it lists all my book
recommendations I also have a book list
for the avid reader for the person who's
just starting out and trying to figure
out what books should they pick first
and I also will keep up to date a
current book list of books like I
incessantly am ordering like two three
books a week and I read about two to
three books per month I finally finished
I need to copes between the worlds and
me acts of positively love the book I
will be doing a review once I finally
finalized the bottle for the book club
that will more than likely be the first
book that we read together so I'll have
links down below for everything I just
called out super happy if I have the
books to where this is the way that you
guys can support it is on Amazon
affiliate links however if you use any
of the links that I post or purchase
books through the
bookstore that will take you through to
Amazon whether you're international or
the United States base and this is
another way to help me monetize smart
brown girl and launch some of the things
that you guys are asking me specifically
the podcast and the bookstore which both
costs me money upfront to produce and so
I just want to be able to do it
correctly and not slam you guys with a
hundred and million won sponsored videos
you can only do with so many wig reviews
and so many other sponsored videos I
want to stay true and integral to my
content but speed is still shading the
shit out of Asia if you don't know who
Daysha is there's only maybe three or
four black girls who are consistently
featured in the BuzzFeed video cycle
Quinta she's a black girl that's
featured the most in BuzzFeed videos and
they had Instagram popular makeup artist
bella de luna in to do her clown
contouring that had gone viral I get why
Bella did it in that people slam her for
being a makeup artist and she's like
okay when I'm in front of me imma make
funny myself and still show you my skill
except she only skill of doing her own
makeup which was a shade because when
she went to do makeup on these three
other women two of them one was Asian
with pale skin and the other one I'm
assuming as a white woman and then deixa
who is brown skin I personally think the
only one who really looked good was the
Asian woman but they should look
straight up casket sharp tragic grey as
fuck like girl
and so now Bella deluna's Instagram is
private and she's claiming that BuzzFeed
supplied her with the makeup and she
just didn't think to ask for a darker
palette contour palette but like if you
were a makeup artist you always bring
your own kid like even when I've been to
photo shoots and video shoots where the
makeup has been provided and the makeup
artist still always brings their own kit
for backup that's just a one day one
I've been a professional makeup artist
this is a good and clean lesson because
they should look like what makeup
artists really be looking like before
face to the New York Times recently ran
a lengthy article and for the topic a
pretty lengthy video with 11 minutes for
three London girls who fled London to
join Isis in Syria it is an terrorists
Islamic organization that is ultra
conservative and it's backwards as fuck
and misconstrues a lot of what Islam is
about and before I kind of tackle this
because I know anytime talk about
religion especially with Muslims it's
really easy in present day to slander
Muslims and Islam Zhai try to pull a Don
Lemon and act as though it's an
inherently violent religion but it's
honestly no more violent than Judaism or
Christianity I think if you're actually
a Christian who has read the Bible you
will understand historically that we do
go through these kind of successions of
world powers and where these different
religions have all shown their teeth
most of the colonization of the world
was done under the banner of
Christianity so don't be so quick to
throw a stone when Thrones to me so back
at your all religion but now let's just
say what I did really find interesting
about the piece is that that's been a
push towards conservatism within certain
Muslim neighborhoods in England why that
strikes me as interesting is because
again if you look at history is that
anytime there is an austerity plan put
in place by the government which means
that finances are the flow of money and
how money is spent and you know
basically Social Welfare is severely
restricted regardless of what religion
we speak of people tend to get ultra
conservative when a disenfranchised
people is are being further
disenfranchised by the extravagance of
the upper echelon of lifestyle it always
comes back around a conservatism so you
see this in this recent season the game
of Thrones which is also in the books
you also see this and the history of
Iran Erica
post the recession with the rise of the
Tea Party this manifests itself in so
many ways and so when I'm watching this
I went I think if you understand the
historical context of how this has
manifested in other places you won't
think that this is some of this only
indignant of Islam the New York Times
really did take pains to really delve
into the neighborhood and the families
of these girls and you realize how kind
of progressive and modern they are even
though they may have taken a
more conservative tilt because of the
pressures of the outside world but it's
interesting that these women can go join
a organization that is publicly
proclaiming the right to rape women
because they are not of the same
religion as themselves and what again
this reminds me of is that you know
violence against women only sustains
when women participate in the violence
against ourselves and so I do kind of
not that we have we don't have a whole
lot of information on the inside
workings of what's happened to these
women once they get to Isis have a hard
time believing that they don't have any
parts in enabling the rape of yes any
women and young girls by Isis militia
especially if these are the men that
they are then picking to be their own
husbands Bernie Sanders and black lives
matter
so the Seattle chapter of black lives
matter completely shut down a Bernie
Sanders
I guess rally in Seattle and he was
speaking at and the reaction has been
pretty mixed I've seen a lot of black
people say that this was disruptive it
doesn't aid in the case it wasn't
strategic I've seen a lot of people just
black white and you know people are just
sympathetic to the movement who have
stood behind the young women Rissa
Johnson and Maura Jacqueline Willeford I
kind of really don't have a staunch
opinion on this I don't necessarily
think that it was the most I don't think
that it was the smartest thing to do but
I'm also not going to kind of be rape
these women for what they did I get why
they did it
Brady Sanders is the most accessible
presidential candidates this cannot
happen at a Hillary campaign I think
they were able to kind of shut down a
Jeb Bush campaign core I am paying no
attention to GOP I really don't think
it's worthwhile trying to press the GOP
to take up for black issues because
black folks just really eight I mean
maybe y'all can go howl at John Cage
because he seems to be cached whatever
the Ohio Governor I'm really kind of
surprised at how many people are
supportive of Bernie Sanders and I get
why he's appealing but like has anybody
ever been to Vermont because like I get
like 1964 he was there
Jim with you know SNCC and he was out
there in Selma whatever I get it
kudos to him but that was 1964 work I
also get that since he's been in the
Senate he has been very vocal and very
liberal about Social Policy about
immigration about income equality I get
all that but he's been able to do that
because he's a senator from Vermont like
have you been to Vermont where there are
no black people and my homeboy
interesting Lee now who is very much so
part of a black lives matter chicken
chapter in Philadelphia he went to
Vermont recently and he was saying most
of the far north east is what America
would be like if they never had
benefited from the slave industry and
that they would never never never really
a viable slave trade in much of the far
northeast and so therefore no industries
were really established there was never
a great migration of black laborers or
minority laborers in general to the Far
Northeast and so it's just a basically a
bunch of poor white folk up there that
like maples and trees and leadership
like that's what I think of a mind but
you know for me it's like if Bernie
Sanders is really gonna be the candidate
who can speak to not only just the black
vote because we're not we're 30% of the
population but can speak to the nuances
of the disenfranchised poor class of
America then I would like to have seen
him be a state senator and someplace
where that actually is impactful like
Louisiana Mississippi Illinois
California New York where he's from New
Jersey Florida like state South Carolina
states we're like this is actually hard
to do and you have to participate and
bipartisan policy and you have to deal
with the nuances of years of established
disenfranchisement in these communities
to overcome and because you know right
now he's just giving lip service think
even I've got a second wax figure at
Madame to signed now at the Las Vegas
Museum and it is from our anaconda her
movie video and she is fully bent over
on all fours it is
very mean I mean Nikki loves it so I
gasps girl if you feel good about it but
Azealia Banks every once in a blue moon
makes a lot of sense and this time she
didn't make a lot of sense about why
would they do that to her knowing full
well that people are just gonna walk up
sick they crouched on her ass and get
into a sexual position with her why
couldn't they do her standing up you
know she has done a lot as a black
female hip-hop artist and just pop
artists overall why choose such a good
meeting said she yeah she does bend down
on all fours but I mean I had Britney
Spears ever been on all fours in the
video I mean I feel like there's plenty
of other are they gonna put up a statue
of Miley Cyrus twerking like I don't
know I feel like white woman be this is
over hyper sexualized and some of their
videos and stuff too and we're not
picking that to kind of immortalize them
in and you know exactly is right there's
plenty of pictures floating around of
people going for the statue and pulling
the head back and you know getting into
a sexual position with Nicki Minaj wax
figure ah
it's justified out of the man straight
out of content the biopic documenting
n.w.a a West Coast hip-hop group from
the 90s
gross sixty point two million dollars
when within their opening week they're
getting a ton of praise I am slightly
conflicted about actually going to see
the movie is directed by F gary Gray and
produced by Ice Cube and dr. Dre all
three black men but we take it back to
the casting call that came out for the
light-skinned pretty girls last year and
testing you know all the less-than
characters as dark-skinned women which
is super offensive and then you know the
conversation that has come up around the
abuse that NWA not only spoke of Messiah
mystically in their music but also
actually physically did to women
including Dee Barnes and mr. Lai and all
these other women and it being
completely skimmed over in the movie and
then their response from not only with a
skipped over because I get not showing
it in the movie but when it's brought up
in a dress just the way that it's been
dealt with where Ice Cube is still
misogynistic as ever at forty six
talking about the difference between
woman and hos
whatever that means
dr. Dre who's gone from admitting it to
flower denying it to kind of start
admitting it again and it just doesn't
seem like there's just not a lot of
respect for black women but then I do
see people like able Duvernay and black
women who I do respect who have got to
see the movie and absolutely love it it
just it bothers me the way that they
have talked about women but I think I'm
gonna go see it because all right still
heard that it's a really really good
movie but let me know have you guys seen
it what have your thoughts been about
the approach to women both in the movie
and the discussion around the beating of
women I will also link down below to a
piece written for Gawker by Dee Barnes
woman West was most highlighted for the
beatdown that she took in public from
dr. Dre over a TV episode that she
hosted on I think it was like on MTV or
something and so Dee Barnes not only
wrote a review of the movie but she's
also talked about her experience and
then the post kind of blackmailing has
happened to her in Hollywood with trying
to get another job as a writer and host
and then how the guy who ended up
directing straight out of Compton was
actually probably the production crew on
the show that Dee Barnes took the beat
down over and so how she took flak for
something but here they are you know 20
years later working with the person who
also had a hand in it but you know they
freely beat the shit on a woman because
you know misogyny is just as so
ingrained in our culture we just don't
know what to do with herself and I'm
kind of excited to see this reproduction
of The Wiz now we have ozo aduba playing
I believe she's playing Glenda the Good
Witch and Amber Riley playing the other
good witch whose name I don't wear my
mary j blige is playing evil lean she
don't hit all the wrong notes but I
guess girl I don't really know how
that's gonna go I almost thought Iselle
would be the better evil lean but I feel
like that's just typecasting because
crazy eyes and she has much more range
than that so I'm happy to see her in
this role she's a beautiful voice who so
can sing and Queen Latifah swine The Wiz
what I'm most excited about is that they
hired a newcomer Shanice Williams who is
19 years old will be playing Dorothy I'm
so excited you guys say Marilyn Diana
so this might actually be cute and then
ending I want to give a big shout out to
the black women who are dominating
magazine covers in the month of
September I don't care what you think
about how undone or done beyond sense
white hair is on the cover of Vogue
she's still slaving down
cheers to her cheers to Sarina who is
really doing the damn thing on the New
York magazine cover up like girl after
this ice gonna get a better run tomorrow
morning girl yeah cuz like can I get
that body mandala steinberg who's just
cute on the cover of days magazine and
then Ciara is on shape because we're
each shape and uh Kerry Washington is on
so because you know we read self I guess
probably gotta look great
yeah both will agree to toe Cheers Tahoe
cheers to y'all that's it for this
week's pop start let me know in the
comments down below what you was sipping
on have you gotten your stay blessed and
I'm bothered mug yet and I hope you join
in on the conversation always stay
engaged if you haven't already
subscribed let your friends know thumbs
this video up share with the world and
if I miss anything like anything you
would like me to discuss or do feel free
to leave a comment down below and let me
know what's going on shop that smart
brown girl calm supportive sister by
book deuces
