hey guys is Suzie and girl yeah we are
back with a Bey in its season 3 of
insecure and we are back with the review
because this is just a show that
inspires so much that long conversation
that wait where's my notebook with my
dad gone no you see it is Sunday a week
before the show even premieres and I am
recording a review because by time this
goes up I'll be in the French Riviera
making bad decisions with my money but I
want to make sure I was giving my smart
brown girls what they deserve my
apartment right now is a mess because I
am moving out to Morrow and I have so
much going on I think right now we know
HBO loves sex
those willy nilly I can't do this close
your eyes cover your eyes tight people I
don't know what you're going to do with
this season because we episode 1 and it
was a whole lot of it opened with a
whole lot of sex and how many of y'all
were happy when that pant shot over
Daniels ass we're just happy for that
teeth full relationship between him and
Issa and then we realized he wasn't on
top of Issa I was still happy though cuz
he a black man in LA that dates
identified with black women
Wow Issa is now driving with when we
left off last season she got in trouble
at her job because she was trying to
figure out how to work with that
xenophobic principal who wanted the
program to be geared to all the black
students and didn't want his life didn't
want to give the benefits to his Latino
students and so she was trying to
circumvent free didn't have her back in
it either and so she had segregated the
students so that they both could attend
because the principal was undermining
her or the vice principal of Earth
administration was undermining her a
white boss found out it took her off the
field
Issa really going through life I guess
as she says she feels like she is
tiptoeing around things I do have a
question why has it Molly helped Issa
get a better job is Issa that unreliable
like what's going on in their friendship
that there's such a big income gap
between the two of them because
typically your social sphere right your
so your friends tend to kind of events
with you or maybe I'm just being being
biased because my friends have maybe I
would understand it more if like Issa
was a musician or in the arts or
creative or owned her own business then
I could understand the lag but like she
works in a non-profit in education and
molly is a lawyer like a high-power
lawyer so Molly has to know this fear of
bougie black people that could get used
to a better job
like I don't know and just to be clear
here I know Issa Rae is playing the
character Issa but when I talk about
Issa I'm talking about the character cuz
Easter write herself
it's a gorgeous woman with falesha does
her hair for these events and these
covers and these interviews her hair
always just looks so amazing like it's
the Raby walk out with some balm natural
hair Easter the character I feel it
feels childish it feels like girl the
headband
it'd be like half done you gave up you
know like you follow a YouTube tutorial
but you they skipped over some steps
because I tried me the video pretty so
you couldn't get everything that's how I
feel like what we gonna do with Miley
Miley and this lights can't house kind
of a Negro drove this open relationship
is it it's really interesting because I
guess I don't have a lot of experience
in this arena I've had friends or
acquaintances who have been the third
person in an open relationship the
relationship has always been physical
and at most acquaintances there's never
been an emotional bringing in of the
person like this and less the
relationship is full-out polyamorous
which is different but then your
partners would interact with each other
I mean trophy in a nigga like a nigga
gonna be a Dickie and I feel like we've
all dealt with this or some wavelength
of men don't have good friends typically
black men do not have a good as we've
seen what Lawrence do not have people
cuz the way masculinity wearing some
pilots and all other stuff to kind of
vent their emotional selves to and so
most heterosexual men will use women as
sort of like their therapist and their
emotional Rock now troubles already
married so technically his wife should
be it but I do feel like the
relationship is past physical like
there's obviously he has a real
attraction to Marlene he likes the
feeling of being with her he likes the
feeling she provides for him but he
can't be that to her and she's gonna get
the shirt on instinct and it's why
because I'm not in arborlon but I
have dealt with a man who claims to be
platonic with me but likes to do things
they're like it's time could you like
you take up a lot of my time you wanna
know where I'm going on Homecoming you
know that call you up in like let's go
celebrate because you you want something
and I'm so proud of you that we're not
even physical at all and it's still like
yo bruh fall back
so for Molly to be physical with someone
who she's attracted to who she like
boom boom backbeat build it up box set
the boundary says stick to them
boundaries oh says that's what she needs
to do why didn't they that look familiar
the kid that got in the back of the whip
first of all I hate my call
Oh Bolivia whatever they have another
person just driving along they're
nodding they're not a passenger they're
not someone that's paying for the ride
they just have a friend in the front
with them which I am NOT here for I do
not only hear your conversation
Miley driving around it used to lift
it's a oh yeah B that's what I'll be
doing y'all beat y'all be down for that
the kid Nathan look hella familiar
though I don't know where he's from I
try to look up the actor and I couldn't
figure out who it was
that was hella funny when he be oh boy
cuz you didn't think oh boy really tried
second guess to him and really thought
he's about to like Miley wipe a little
lights can do and a little lights can do
came out with some jujitsu don't ever an
estimated house camera you
underestimated the wrong cat alright so
I guess the big arc in this episode was
Daniel and ISA we never really got an
explanation of why ISA didn't really
stay at her brother's house but I guess
we saw in their interaction a lot of
questions right does ISA have a right to
have any expectation of Daniel in this
situation because right is not cheap in
LA you got somebody letting you sleep on
a couch in convince them take up a space
and you're not paying them no money no
dime you ain't giving up no placebo you
just a platonic friend who are you to
expect something of them now I don't
think he's wrong for feeling the way she
feels because to Pete oh yeah I would
feel sometime late so if he was like I
like you whether or not I want to act on
liking you whether or not I'm I'm
understanding of how I like you were
like I'm okay with my vulnerability in
that space yeah I know we all human I
understand that like I personally we
just have to eat it I don't have to go
veg to my homegirls so make a dumb
mistake outside or something do
something but to come to him with it
it's just kind of like unless you're
gonna make a move unless you're gonna be
that person to him I just I just don't
even understand from it was like you
know till when we requested to give you
a heads up
you act like what I'm inconvience in
someone like that like I don't Oh like
that's just overstepping it and then
when he says okay he gives you a heads
up after you kind of backpedal you make
all these jabs at him emotional
then you want to give him a time
schedule like you want you want him on a
schedule you want him to let you know
that he's clocking in at 8:00 and
leaving at 5:00 and then be mad when he
don't reply I just don't I just I don't
I don't I do not I'm not clear
I feel like this episode one the
cinematography has gotten better the
music the music is always good but I
just feel like their budget must have
got a whole lot bigger cuz it's just
this I only watched one episode and I'm
like yo I think visually the shots that
they're getting like they must have got
a better camera budget because the
quality of the camera like it was never
a piss-poor show was never a poorly done
show this ain't BET's awesome at HBO
it's always been good but the level is
just like wow like y'all really took
your time with it and so I wanted to
separate so four times and I was like
okay how do I literally approach this
but I was like we're gonna be all over
the place before we even got to draw I
guess Marlins and Jamaica talked about
oh wow you have your visa he has an
American accent says and clearly you
were enjoying his time I think of all
the things she needs some sort of
distraction so old-boys approaches a yo
I'm gonna be in LA so why not take him
up on it like why be so quick to shut
something down you know you having a
hard time with a married man you know
you know you have no oh don't try to
pull Miley card because she said candy
things see this is why we're seeing
about the drug situation I'm at Disney
girl actor what was at the n-double-a-cp
Image Awards and I went up to him I was
like yo you play a light-skinned house
count on TV he thought I said he's a
light-skinned house slave I mean same
different sure and he was like low-key
offended I'm like how why and then he
came up to me like 10 minutes later like
oh you said house cat yo that's just
wild funny I'm like yeah nigga you
you're a house cat you're a lady a house
cat um when a man is with another woman
and he's dabbling with you
he can't say they name he don't want you
to say they name our lab they'll be like
she her but they won't say her name and
then you say they name they get hell of
offended like and I don't even think
what Molly said was like that
disrespectful to drove for him to be set
off like that it was like wow she really
hit she really pressed the button there
I started like right there and I guess
you know Molly says he's broke she blew
I'm just wondering how long they could
keep it up there's a real-deal emotional
connection between the two of them they
both gonna have a hard time with it
it would be interesting to see if it can
be clean-cut is this I don't think Miley
has been that much sense and how have a
month done passed since the last season
cuz I'll girl he's historically confused
and I think she's gonna be still a
little bit confused so this past week on
Twitter it was set off because somebody
got mad about being called out uncie
unnecessarily so what's hilarious when
eat when he forgot that review and lift
and they were like she felt like a unti
are we gonna get the uh t think pieces
is this what's going on shoe I feel out
everybody let's see I'm okay be I'm
gonna fly unseen I should be such a
great unsee that I don't need to drive
lift I don't know why she's caught up in
this big economy it's not going to
benefit her somebody is going to crash
your breath I love how insecure always
has a TV show within the TV show and at
first I thought I was like a remake of
the living single but then I realized it
was Bill Bellamy the guy from a
different world and the woman who played
Maxine Shaw I I didn't watch enough TV
as a child sorry we could only watch TV
on Fridays I only could watch TGIF I
wasn't really allowed to watch a lot of
TV as a kid so I don't know what that
was referencing oh I wasn't quote in
this season
is it Franco is it drink catch the
clothes for me okay you know it's the
first episode where are we gonna go with
this lawrence is not coming back because
isa has actually broken up with him and
in real life niggas don't hang on like
that i'm actually happy about that i'm
sure there'll be new male characters
molly gonna have a whole lot going on
with this Dro and getting her key back
based on my previews i imagine at some
point in time Daniel and ISA hug Becca
yeah Molly in this new job you need a
new job I hope I hope this season ISA
get a new job it is hot as hell in here
but let me know your thoughts on this
episode I am excited to hear the
soundtrack for this season because the
music is just bangin cinematography is
bangin and I'm excited I am very I'm hot
I'm turn this AC up I am very excited
for this season of insecure and I hope
to be getting the crews up to you in a
timely manner we're gonna get it
together evil always traveling and
moving and be sure to check out very
smart brothers calm where my reviews
they're more discussions my group chat
reviews of insecure will be posted on
very smart brothers dot-com I thanks for
watching be sure to thumbs up
