hey guys it's Jules Anna's smart brown
girl Thursday when we talk about
important issues that impact women of
color and it's always is brought to you
by shot that mark brown girl calm this
smart Bronco is going to be rather
concise one the continuation real quick
inspired by my pulse I speak about
Sandra bland and the feedback that I've
been getting since posting that video on
facebook and on you tube you know what I
am is very clear but what I understand
is the power of my words and so I am
always direct and intentional and what I
say and I was very very clear in that
video when I said that I have no room to
make anybody comfortable in not
discussing the atrocities that happened
to Sandra bland I am beyond the point of
allowing people to feel comfortable
about ignoring black lives matter I'm
one hundred twenty percent beyond the
point of lying anybody that comfortably
spew victim shaming respectability
politics in any discussion especially
around Sandra bland like I don't have
time for it it is disheartening to see
other black women but tell their own
sisters that they need to bow down and
keep themselves meek and squash their
intelligence in order to sustain
themselves or order to keep their life
rather than discussing changing the
behavior of the oppressor we want to
control the behavior of the victim and
that hey you guys sign for it
no I don't have to respect your opinion
on it I'm not apologizing for how
passionate I am about this matter I'm
beyond the point where we can sit and
cry about a lion now trust you me I
think that's some BS what that dentist
did referring to sit and have an outcry
and cry over an animal in Zimbabwe and
you would even go in touch what
politically is happening to the people
of Zimbabwe but should worry about
aligning who can't even say nothing
about the black lives matter campaign
I'm not asking for people to have an
opinion or to be able to
I have eloquent words to say about this
subject but if we can post memes about
our IP to a lion and we could take the
time to say our IP Bobbi Kristina then
we could take the time to say our IP
Sandra bland it's not that hard to say
black lives matter it's not that hard to
say that there needs to be a systemic
change in the way the police operate in
the United States of America it's not
that hard to simply acknowledge that
there's a problem I'm not asking for
anybody to have a solution but the first
step is awareness the second step is to
have an emotional charge to it and the
third step is that within anger we
insight change so y'all can also stop
using Martin Luther King's image as if
everything was peaceful and that's how
change can bout clearly y'all did not go
see the go a voodoo bearnaise biopic
selma to understand the gravitas that
was mo k and how Malcolm X's resistance
acts empowered em okay to have a one up
on the political spectrum to actually
impact a change I don't know what secret
garden some of y'all is in where the
Voting Rights Act of 1965 wasn't a
significant change in allowing
african-americans who actually enlist
their constitutional rights that now a
2015 we've basically allowed the
political spectrum to gut the Voting
Rights Act 50 years later stop trying to
change the oppressed behavior while
ignoring the behavior of the oppressors
I'm not going to apologize ever for
understanding my value my legacy my
rights I'm definitely not ever gonna
apologize for my intelligence I'm not
going to apologize for understanding
what I deserve and demanding that you
give me what I deserve because I'm not
going to lay on my back and take it so I
just want to remind my smart brown girls
i want to remind all of us because even
though a lot of this is preaching to the
choir I get that a lot of people that
watch me already understand where I'm
coming from all already riding with me
but it's if I if I speak on something
and even if it's just a little droplet
in the back of your mind you can carry
that with you elsewhere you can spread
the word you can empower other black
women and women of color overall to
understand that we do not need to
apologize for being humans who deserve
respect we don't have to apologize for
our intelligence and for us
understanding the weights that we carry
through this world the only mistake thus
and remain in doing with the police was
believing that she was a human being and
her belief in her humanist so attacked a
Cena's ego
