hey guys it's Jules I just want to come
and do a quick video wishing everybody a
happy father's day I know I have some
smart brown guys who do watch my video
so if you happen to be a father happy
Father's Day to you to all of my smart
brown girls who have very important men
in their life whether they they're
sniffing and others the father of their
children or their father or grandfather
or just the male figure in their life
happy Father's Day to all those men who
have helped raise amazing smart brown
girls my father means so much to me and
I think father's day is significant that
I've never quite understood why people
feel the need to demean the role of
fathers and lives um even if they don't
know their father or their father wasn't
a good person in their lives you know I
grew up in a household of the job as
witnesses and so we integrate any
holiday growing up and we were educated
on why we didn't celebrate holidays and
I still do not feel the need to go
around on Christmas and remind everyone
that Christmas is like a super pagan
holiday or Easter was like a holiday
release and burn children I don't feel
like that's a productive part of the
conversation I don't understand the
ideals of feeding into this narrative of
father's not being around if you want to
celebrate your mother or father's day
hey go ahead but don't do it at the cost
of other fathers and I've seen some
brands now start to feed into marketing
to mothers on Father's Day I'm not one
looking too big up men who do their
parental duties as if they're doing
something particularly any more
extraordinary than what they're supposed
to do however I feel like this whole
narrative of happy mother happy single
mothers day kind of feeds into the
meaning of the black family and I thing
is if there is no healthy spectrum of
black families about i know tons o
healthy black relationships healthy
black families fathers who are active in
their child's life and so on this day i
just want to give them their space to be
celebrated and appreciate it for doing
what they're supposed to do and i hope
that even if your father sat in your
life you have been able to find another
man who has touched your life in a very
positive way whether somebody from your
church or your community you know don't
undervalue the people who might not be
blood-related to you but have been
influences in your life and for all the
awesome guys out there I love seeing a
happy black family I have my other black
men shirt on today girl as a matter of
fact I want to sit the blackest way
possible i won this shirt playing game
of spades I want to share a story with
you about how awesome my dad is because
it's father's day for the past 23 years
I like on all my social media accounts I
share reasons why my dad is awesome so
an Instagram today I put up a picture
thanking my father for blessing me with
just enough jeans that somebody is
always delighted and feeling like
they're the first person to tell me that
I look like journey Somali on snapchat I
tell the story about in third grade when
I do a family tree project and decided
that I was going to instead of doing a
family tree do a family slaveship
because you know we african-americans
and I just got encyclopedia so I'll
spell real light in 28 years old and
like hey I know where my family come
from I fathers have till three o'clock
in the morning how do me draw the most
politely pc possible slave ship and I
got an A and I did the slave ship
because I knew anything less than a
would be hella races thank you deaf or
teaching me the importance of being
resourceful and looking up and doing
your own research before expecting
others to just kind of give you the
information freely and this was pre the
air of Google so my father would have me
looking up ish in like consumer report
the encyclopedia pulling out paper match
going a triple leg in matteson ish my
father was that dude that is like you
really want to know something you will
find out for yourself he is still that
in me at a very young age my father was
a champion of Scrabble he is a champion
to Scrabble he got my middle name which
ended up being amalgamated into jersey
from a game of Scrabble and my dad like
every he's just awesome my dad loves to
cook he when my brother could get into
school we found at a catering company
called salt pepper garlic after my
father because he always ties you didn't
cook anything you want with salt pepper
and garlic that's all the seasons and
you really need anything extra is just
extra um my dad taught me that only
white people eat macaroni cheese and
tomato sauce as a whole meal it was on
our school menu each of my sons had to
cook one meal a week for the whole
family and I lost trying to like get
out of having the cook because I like to
eat I know I was to cook I just don't
furtively enjoy the cooking process and
so I've been trying to like hot dogs and
potato chips my father's response was
always that's some white people and
I would be like well look I just wanna
make macaroni and cheese for dinner
because look on the school menu is as
macaroni and cheese and tomato sauce and
I thought it was like that's because
white people are cooking your food when
I was growing up with poke out of
Florida we have black men singing off
with a week grits and eggs and sausage
thank you Dad for giving me a foundation
of the of race in America I mean the
patience to work with a young child and
get on their level of understanding of
something that I deeply deeply admire
about my father he's awesome amazing i
love the ish out of my father I'm gonna
have to edit all the cursing out cuz I
was said in this video but happy
father's day and hopefully I'll find a
man who's great of his father as my dad
was show me for pop star later tonight
deuces
