hey guys it's Josie and I know by the
title you are like Oh was she finna talk
about what is she fit in the shed I have
already stated previously that I have
opted to not talk about trans topics on
my channel and I and I'm very I'm very
clear and to the point and
matter-of-fact or when I talk on my
channel so you don't have to read
between the lines you do not have to
paraphrase nor does anyone have to
misquote me to get the point of what I
said you can just say what I actually
said now what has been happening is
somebody has I have a scab but FM page
where you can anonymously ask me
questions somebody and I honestly think
it's the same person has continuously
been asking me about trans topics do you
think that I wanted to address this in
the video because it goes beyond the
issue of trans topics for topics that I
choose not to address whether it's
topics of trans gender religion just
some certain personal matters that I
just opted not to talk about and I want
people to understand what it is to be a
personal brand who publicly puts
yourself out there versus maybe like
larger publications and websites so that
expectations aren't set on me that are
just unrealistic for me to fulfill and
also that we understand how to have a
disagreement with somebody because I
feel like it's just time again to remind
my audience that you are more than
welcome to disagree with me I actually
like when people don't agree with me and
I enjoy having that discussion I what I
do want to cultivate is an audience of
critical thinkers who can clearly
express their opinions without demeaning
or demoralizing somebody else tweeted
previously that I find a Maya Scott who
was a very popular transgender woman on
Instagram to be problematic somebody
asked me why do you find am i ascribe to
be problematic so I responded I don't
know how to take issue with the Maya
Scott I don't dislike her but I just
think that the quickness of people to
say that because they accept her makes
them accepting of trans people to be
slightly problematic because
it's not really addressing the topic of
transgender it's not really educating
cisgendered or people just on the other
side about what transgender means I just
think it's people accepting somebody who
is very attractive has nice lady bumps
and a gorgeous weave I also don't
necessarily rock with the whole you know
she just post the picture of her as a
young boy and now her as a woman and it
kind of is just like oh look at how good
she looks now thing versus really oh I
don't know I'm not transgender so again
this is why I haven't talked about on my
youtube channel because I don't know I
don't know if I'm in time I mean I don't
think I'm wrong but I don't know how
other transgender people feel about I
don't find any pictures Laverne Cox
pre-transition like that's for me
there's one picture of her but Laverne
isn't out here posting pictures of
herself as a child or a pre-transition
trying to show you how much of a woman
she looks like now how she could bag yo
man and how she cuter than your best
friend or she cuter than all these other
hater ass bitches and all that stuff I
just don't know I don't know how
productive that narrative is I tend to
be better at writing starting things
down versus verbalizing them and so I
feel like I'm very proud of my response
and I stand by it 120% and then the
person per to get to respond and
misquote me is like why does Amaya have
to represent all black women and I'm
like that's not when I said though hmm
you know because that's where your
comprehension skills set you at and that
are the two paragraphs that I wrote you
you won't read until one singular line
and take everything else out of context
they hey be blest elsewhere because I
don't have time for this anonymous
argument with you I'm a personal brand
like I do this by myself so I have
limited resources limited access to get
things done I don't have a research team
I can't go and hire a writer who exists
in that space as they are trans or an
advocate for trans topics to come on and
carry on a productive conversation and
then
the conversation that happens after that
I do this all by myself
interesting enough I did meet Laverne
Cox last year at beautycon I did
approached her about getting her
publicist contact to talk to her on this
channel because I think trans the topics
are worth being discussed but I feel
like they should be discussed by people
who are in the community on a plethora
of topics I reached out to people about
trying to interview them about trying to
have them come on here with me and talk
about certain things and it's just
people black people don't get the
YouTube platform
I'm not large enough it is what it is I
don't really like feel like I need to
give excuses I do what I can do on my
end and I just want my audience to
understand that every conversation that
I do bring up here is a conversation
that I've thought about it I know that I
can host a productive this productive
discussion around this topic and no
matter what gets thrown at me that I can
kind of mitigate this space you know I
did the video African who's African
Americans a year ago with Evelyn from
the Internet's and it's at like 2,500
comments and I get all those
notifications now I don't get email
notifications when I log on to YouTube
and I click to check the comments on my
most recent video that video African
first African American video like it's
just I'm like so over it like I low-key
want to turn the comments off but if you
turn the comments off and all the
comments get removed off of the video
and so it's just like much work for me
to to host a conversation about
something that I directly am impacted
you know just it goes so far left and
I'm just like oh my gosh what am I gonna
do as an outsider who's still learning
themselves about trans topics I feel
like I'm from where I sit that my best
thing to do is to sit back and read and
allow that community to decide how they
want to be discussed for them to be
advocates and then from there I will see
where I can fit and how I can help that
community but I'm not going to do
something that I feels like only gonna
deter the conversation right there I
just don't feel like I have the gravitas
to talk about trans topics just like I
don't think I have the gravitas to talk
about religion you feel that strongly
about a topic being discussed in the
community you feel like there needs to
be awareness about it
I don't think that anonymously asking me
a question on or anyone a question I
asked FM is the appropriate way to get
that topic heard or brought to it we're
strongly about it why don't you build
the platform for awhile you curate this
conversation and advocate for the
awareness brought out and show your face
this is why so many people choose not to
insert themselves in the conversation
but don't want to become a public
persona that's known to everyone because
people are so quick to expect you to say
what they want to hear and I just want
people to understand that it's the same
thing that goes with religion you know I
don't particularly care for the idea
that my audience assumes that every
black woman is Christian but I also
don't know that since I am a Christian
and I don't necessarily walk the shoes
of a Muslim or an atheist or even
someone who's agnostic that I'm going to
know how to speak for them and running
into this issue specifically and ask FM
is because it feeds out to my Twitter
take the Twitter and take the 140
characters which largely is devoid of
tone it's devoid of all the kind of
things that we insert into conversation
too you know charm and smooth things
over not the fillers that we usually use
in talking in person have to be removed
in order to package something and really
pack a punch in to a tweet taking that
Twitter conversation and trying to
translate that into how they talk every
where I just understand the power of
your words and the power of conversation
you know it's like I also don't talk
about I haven't done a video when I keep
getting requests about my experience
with Nigerians and Houston I mean I
moved here I got got in the most
Nigerian of Nigerian ways without
talking to a dude who had a girlfriend
back in Lagos and the people that set us
up knew and he was told that I knew he
had a girlfriend girl it was just some
other and I was really in my
feelings about it and I mentioned in a
pop star video people asked me to do a
video on it but it's like I haven't
found a way where I really felt like
that would be a productive conversation
I feel like it was such a stereotypical
thing to do that would only reinforce a
negative stereotype a lot again against
a large ethnic group of
people and it's like I I'm at a point
living in Houston where I'm trying to
combat feeding into stereotypes and ass
girl it's not easy but I'm aware of the
cycle of the interactions of the African
Diaspora and I'm not gonna perpetuate
further negative stereotypes by having
this one-sided discussion with without
really being down the more the more
critical aspects of it that can lead to
some sort of open-mindedness but people
just have to remember I am Jewell Z this
is me I'm an artist and I'm sensitive
about my this is my personal space
know in the comments down below
have you ever been in a place in life
where you realize that there are certain
things that you are not capable of
talking about that you don't have to
grab a toss to speak on and how do you
kind of navigate that space you know I
think it's just as like if you're at
work and you get and there's something
that comes up I don't think there's
anything wrong with saying hey I don't
have the means to properly communicate
this the comments down below keep it
cute keep it respectful as always shop
smart brown girl calm deuces
