hey guys it's Jules II and I am going to
try something new for my channel but
pretty basic for any youtuber who
considers himself a beauty girl even
though I don't consider myself a beauty
guru whatever I figured since um this is
a better way to kind of like packaged
product reviews or things that I
actually like a used since I have
decidedly moved away from doing product
reviews so I'm gonna do a favorites
video yes it's the middle of month I
probably should get this up in the first
week but Graham jigging organized so
excusing me this is going to be in April
favorite video so let's get into these
shoes carried me through South Africa if
you have seen my big-ass feet video
super cute you go watch it you know I
wear size 11 yes I am 57 and I do have
big eyes feat whatever better foundation
to walk on my go complain about what god
bless me with but I also hate shoe
shopping and so I find JustFab shoes
because I tend to wear my shoes into the
ground and for the most part they stay
in are cute and they're stylish it's
just always hard to find Q affordable
shoes in the side 11 or either always
sold out and even when I do want to
spend more money like there was a pair
of Jimmy Choos and I want it and I was
going to pay the seven or not get them
they didn't come on my shoes and then
these heels that I love from just do I
have the right on the right okay this is
the right way these just fab heels
they're cute they're not that
comfortable because they have a pointy
heel the trick with JustFab is to stay
get shoes that have under a four-inch
heel anything over four inch and JustFab
shoes is hella uncomfortable they just
don't the bend the curve in the foot in
the foot right here sucks but under four
inches you are well because I've never
give a super big shout out to Morgan hi
I can't
car that she set in the mail with me
it's somewhere in my house I call myself
cleaned up girl yo birthday card you
send me somewhere one of these drawers
summer in my house but morganite sent me
a birthday present cuz I just I'm 30 and
I do love a p.o box this is a
description box in every video but not
only did she send me birthday present
but she sent me something that actually
like because I've gotten some stuff sent
to me from people that want promotion on
my god so Morgan for this bracelet that
doesn't actually fit my wrist because I
have my hands are too big I can't get it
on and I try girl but it's elephants
with their chops is it gonna go on oh my
gosh you decided on oh love it loop
to that she also brought me a necklace
which is totally my steez um Trek cute
rescue is and the best part of it she
know I love me a greased lips are messy
they're super messy but she sent me bury
me and black rose right up my alley
purple dark red color awesome and then
this gloss to go over it like girl I i
love a good good i like to give gifts to
people and so I like when people pay
attention following up with lipstick is
the current loopy that I have oil which
is my fav favorite is this rose hip
Milani pink lipstick this is just
absolutely amazing i love it all the
time and i actually mix it with um the
addis ababa soft lift cream x and y x
this is a mad is this necklace that i do
have on let me get up close i have been
looking for a hand of Fatima humza i
forget what it's called in Judaism but
it's basically like protection and I
finally found one that wasn't extremely
/ / layered and long on etsy and I love
love love the packaging girl I think
this is part of two people that have
product and what I've noticed in the
black community from small business
owners is that we don't pay attention to
our branding and packaging less is more
girls even while guarding colors and Wow
fons like real simple just gorgeous
packaging it has a wrapper around it
then the box every bit of this packaging
is labeled branded with the name of the
company on it then you open it up and
you know they have the fold-out envelope
and then the necklace was actually done
to this but each piece of it says elk
says L plus hours later long they said
it thank you know that's signed by the
makeup you'll see this one might get
ready with me videos what is the lower
mar CA illuminating face cream i have
this in golden radiance i also like the
oil free one Laura Mercier face products
are just amazing they're lightweight
they go on very easily you don't need a
whole lot of product they are little bit
on the pricier side this is like 40 $48
but I don't even think I'm halfway
through this tube yet and I've had it
for two three months and I wear this
quite often but lightweight it has SPF
in it this is just I love anything that
illuminates it makes me brown skin and
this is right up at the top of the list
so speaking of wearing makeup this is so
rude that I had this little sample thing
I love lush cosmetics products now I ran
out of the full size of this because I'm
used it up and I have a little sample
sizes but this is the ocean salt I'm
going to go back to lush on Thursday and
buy the full size of this because osha's
all like girl now if you have sensitive
skin you might not even get away with
this I use this almost like every other
day especially when I wear heavy makeup
like heavy concealers i use this right
after love it and i have a skin care
video spinner in it and it was a
sponsored video i did get this for free
but I absolutely positively i use this
suck up all the time i did that video
back in like august i don't know i was
living here so i did that video back in
like
number October it's now may and I'm i
use this is April like I don't know what
I would do without this sucker right
here I don't know if any of you guys
actually purchase it it was a coupon
call you get her like 30 bucks I hope
you got your one gurl this is all the
way we're flush has like some all
natural made from fruits face mask I got
Aisha uh I brought in Atlanta and I used
it and like I thumb we threw away the
packaging for it but that face mask I
would use like once a week I got Aisha
which like a Kiwi something else makes
and girl yo face really illuminates and
because I don't I'm not clearing my skin
up from any skin problem doesn't mean
that I don't also have to maintain my
clear skin so it's something that I do
for maintenance and I just like you know
when you want to get rid of all the
makeup and really clean out your pores I
love I'm slept like the organic pneus I
like the things are home grown home made
and I like the poly their products all
LA I randomly got this at bath and body
works they are their wall sense this
actually is a nightlight so this one's
in my bathroom this fits perfectly
because my bathroom is like a bright
golden yellow and then I think this is
the fresh linen fresh linen scent I this
 has a girl this has changed this
scent on my house basically I cook
anything the whole house smells like
whatever I cook now I love me some bacon
but I don't need to be telling all my
secrets about how much big and I eat to
everybody that walks in the door of my
house and so I have one of these in the
four-year downstairs I have one of my
office and when in the bathroom the
bulbs of these lasts for about six weeks
and they are made of JustFab I bought
one of their bags and I love this bag it
was originally on sale back like last
summer and then it's sold out really
quick except for like the black and I
don't need any more black purses but i
love how big this is
has so many pockets I'm forever losing
 in the purse but I use this bag all
the time it's just JustFab actually did
a really good college should I have on
his curls on fleek she's another person
that sent me some a shirt in the mail
but I this shirt from yolanda Renee I
think it says notorious fro as i'm
currently rocking my natural hair what
you guys have not seen a lot of this
year shoutouts pressure since last year
and i actually wear this shirt often
though i always want you to take
pictures in it but it stress q yeah what
are some of your favorites and have you
tried any of the products that i
mentioned in this video thanks for
watching thumbs up it helps me so much
and it helps promote my channel and get
the word out especially if you have your
lights linked to twitter and follow me
on twitter snapchat Facebook and
Instagram fish my brown
Oh
