hey guys it's julie danis smart brown
girl thursday where we talk about
important issues that impact women of
color and so since it is smart brown
girl thursday you should be rocking it
with your smart brown girl t-shirt I
mean we're gonna make good later girl
quick announcement about the smart brown
girl shirts we have officially launched
plus-sized shirts
kids sizes onesies toddler sizes and for
all sizes crewneck sweatshirts are now
available I heard your requests and
since you guys have been so awesome and
supporting this is my thank you to you
your support allows me to do more so
thank you so much I genuinely appreciate
it quick note for my South African smart
brown girls who so often get left out of
the party because your government is so
shady with shipping products to your
country it is just too damn expensive
since I will be in South Africa and
hosting a meet and greet on March 14th
it will be at the kitchen bar and your
Hennis Berg more details will come on
that I will be bringing shirts and
copies of my book with me however with
the shirt since we print them to order
we are doing a very very very short
presale this is the only window we have
what's a shirt regardless whether you
were in Durban you are in Cape Town you
are wherever you can pre-order but it is
only until March 1st it's real real
tight so I need you to get the word out
to all your South African peers because
I do not want to get to your country a
whole bunch of people will be like oh my
gosh I didn't know why didn't you tell
us
I'm telling you please help me tell
others share the way this smart brown
girls topic about finding maintaining
and losing friendships it's a very very
important topic because I think as women
of color we are so often fed shallow
clickbait regurgitated cliche ish around
finding love and there's so much focus
on intimate relationships as if finding
a man is going to be a full
all-encompassing fulfilment in our life
and there's not a lot of productive
honest discussion around how friendship
will evolve in our adulthood or even the
idea finding and maintaining friendships
in our adulthood there's a lot of kind
of misinformation propagated by pop
culture ideals whether it is no new
friends or the fallacy of ride-or-die I
ain't one for the riding and dying part
I'm a riding survived friend we will
always find a way out of this ish that's
the friend I am you know it's ironic
that I'm this was all my schedule to do
this video this week because I am
currently in the midst of the very man
and point and at the crossroads of do I
continue or do I cut this off with a
really close friend of almost like 10
years girl
Oh spearheaded my whole idea behind
starting a smart brown girl movement was
how much positive and encouraging
feedback I got when I did my video on
losing friends and lack of support and I
detailed my own experience with friends
who turned on me because they didn't see
where I was going so that video went a
lot further than I ever thought it was
gonna go and I really helped me to
understand that there was a space in
this internet social media YouTube
platform to talk about more integral
topics than just beauty and natural hair
one of the first misgivings around
friendships is that friendships it's
kind of a lateral trajectory when
friendships and all actuality are more
of a circular evolution as imperfect
human beings we all evolve we all change
over time and so when you're dealing
with relationships between two people
while there they are intimate love
relationships or friendships and
associates and acquaintances they're
never going to be a straight line that
just always is on the incline they are
going to be more ups and downs or kind
of a circular kind of full circle
evolution within those relationships
they never age out of what is termed as
middle school drama the petty will
never end regardless of age income place
and
status and life now your tolerance your
willingness to deal with it how you deal
with it will all change but what I so
often seen thrown especially when in
context of women being friends with
other women oh that's something that
women only do with their that's so
middle school drama and that's and it's
like a put-down when someone is trying
to talk about a situation that they're
dealing with now that's not to say that
certain behavior should be left in our
youth and that changes for each
relationship and each person a lot of us
might beat ourselves up mentally buying
ourselves in situation that situations
that we thought were left back in the
middle school cafeteria pettiness pride
ego selfishness those are things that
people just don't grow out of those are
human behaviors and they will manifest
themselves at any point in your lifetime
I came to that high realization through
that incident that I discussed and my
lack of support and losing friends video
because I thought I was past the age of
having like an intervention and friends
sit down and talk to me in such a manner
not only talk to me in such a manner but
when I clearly articulated myself and
explained why I was offended and how I
would like to move forward be so
combative with me it was like why are we
turning into this Mean Girls Club but
you know I remember calling my mom and
being like I thought I was grown I
thought I was too grown for this like
I'm in shock that I'm going through this
at 26 like why what did I do to deserve
this like why am i why is middle school
drama coming into my life and I was
really hard on myself feeling like I
didn't want to talk about it or discuss
that incident because I felt like it
made me look at mature and then our
honesty my talking about that situation
sparked a much bigger dialogue and
discussion and I feel like it reached so
many people the end the idea that we are
evolving people and therefore
friendships are ever-evolving the same
you know we have to keep that in mind
when we are trying to find new friends
once you leave high school or college
finding friends becomes a lot more
difficult when you live in a bubble like
a college campus or the high school
classroom you know you encounter people
for longer such as a period of time you
know your activities will evolve around
this kind of very central similar focus
now when you move outside of that and
you enter into the workforce and whether
you live with roommates or yourself or
even if you live back home you know
finding friends outside of these bubbles
where you're now in the world at large
becomes a lot more difficult and it
forces you to be realistic about what
your expectations are in friendship I
had to check my expectations because I
was going into situations trying to find
a friend and I don't know that I really
want a friend off the back because for
me friendship is a very serious
relationship and it comes with a lot of
expectations like do I really want
friends I don't like dealing with people
order to not find yourself in a
situation where you're creating enemies
are people who you poignant Lee do not
like be realistic about what you really
want out of a relationship and don't be
so quick to throw around the term friend
you may just want social acquaintances
you may not even like people you made
this one a drinking buddy you made us
let someone to shoot the with or
talk some snarky or witty conversation
with and then you know if you kind of
keep a realistic outlook you can then
work towards evolving into more sincere
and long-standing friendships versus
walking into a situation immediately
being like look you have to be on my
level if you're not on my level we can't
even n ain't nothing because you might
be missing an opportunity to learn
something about yourself or find out
about new experiences in that you also
don't want to be too quick to take
everything personal
their friendship isn't the all being and
being for that other person's life just
says that person is not your end-all
be-all for your life you have other
things going on you have family you have
word other things that can impact your
life is so you know someone not talking
to you or someone not inviting you to
something or someone not hanging out
with you as much isn't always a matter
of personal it's Association no times
you know bigger arguments and bigger
falling outs and
losing friends can be prevented if you
find the space if you can take it to
that back from a situation and not so be
so quick to take it as a personal attack
against you there is an actual offense
you want to work out where your emotions
are stemming from because oftentimes
when we do take offense to the point
that we feel like if we're questioning
whether this friendship is worth
pursuing it comes it stems there's other
things that are involved than just this
actual offense that is happening now so
you want to be careful to not hold on to
things without discussing them when they
actually happen this goes out for all my
water signs all you Pisces cancer
Scorpios don't be out there somebody
especially you Pisces somebody does
something and you perceive it as an
offense to yourself and versus
discussing it and discussing it in a way
that gives the person the opportunity
and the benefit of the doubt to explain
themselves you hold on to it and it
bubbles up in a whole nother situation
and things become 10 times worse because
you never talk through something that
was first bothering you do these other
things that happen have you given the
person the opportunity to discuss them
has the person apologized is a person to
where they did these things to you you
do go to the person to speak to them try
to remove the over passionate emotion
from the conversation that's not to say
that you can't get emotional but don't
scream don't curse
you know talk to the person like you are
to adults don't get into this reality
show conversation because reality TV
friendships are just so Fugazi like I
don't even know what that is okay
to talk out your issues with a neutral
party I really hate this idea oh well
they was talking about me look everybody
talks about every body there's always
somebody else we're talking to now what
you don't want to do especially when you
are having taking issue with something
another friend is doing is go talk to a
mutual friend about it in a detrimental
way it does it does yourself a major to
service to have someone in your life who
is offending you and they're unaware of
it it's really hard as an adult so be
put in these situations with falling
outs what close
friends and having to rethink how you
felt about them like damn I really loved
you we were friends for a reason and
obviously just because she's offending
me or done something that I don't agree
with doesn't absorb of all the positive
things that I ever thought of her what I
can do is trying to be the best person
that I can be to be open-minded to be
understanding and to honestly try to
live with no regrets and so I do move in
life with good and clear intentions and
you know I am hopeful regardless of
where this friendship goes that I can
continue to build fruitful relationships
for as long as I walk this earth let me
know in the comments down below what are
some things you've learned as you have
entered into your adulthood about
friendships do you think there is
anything but that you could do better or
be more cognizant about in friendships
thanks for watching leave a comment down
below thumbs up this video if you like
the smart brown girl movement share with
your friends joining the dialogue switch
is all about and by your smart brown
girl shirt alright
