Eddie Howe it's not time for a Grammy
recap I am drinking somewhere Moscato
but this time I have strawberry isn't it
clink clink clink clink Clank we just
call said this is pop smart part two
just so the videos wasn't super long um
and my mother informed me that this is
the moscato that they drink on love and
hip hop hmm I failed any animal the
family's happened this past Sunday I
don't even what was the 56 57 I don't
know what I supposed to care hmm to work
on my smart brown girls and us engaging
each other so I'm a work on it you want
to work on it I'm gonna do more videos
I'm Melissa more to what you have to say
but as we talk about this video be sure
to comment along with me thumbs up I'm
trying to get the five thousand lights
on video that would be awesome if you
haven't already subscribe and join this
crazy party with me so let's get into
this review pentatonix won a grammy they
did win a grammy my mother is even happy
I'm so happy because they have come up
from the streets of YouTube and made it
I love super crew guys especially mitch
grassi she don't want to get on camera
with me but she wants to give her
opinion in the background so I we're
just gonna rock with this any home I
ones know that I had so much fun on
Twitter watching the Grammys I was in my
mother's living room all by myself
because my mother did not mistake but
watching with me laughter hi and I just
had someone might whatever I feel it was
appropriate to throw shade at things
just because there was not your musical
preference so as we all understand the
Grammys is the night of music and music
spans the world and a lot of us don't
listen to everything as we still like to
claim when people ask us what kind of
listen to you must listen to everything
but country like the favorite black
person responds and it's not true you'd
like to listen to music by black people
just own it it's okay we all do it
oh the white people things was like
ac/dc great I have no opinion some old
white guys don't run with their names I
feel like Miranda Lambert might have
performed I don't recall maybe she went
on ward I feel like I only know that
name because I watched the boys my
mother saying she did what for like
these are things that kind of get recap
on like The Today Show which I don't
watch so I don't know see what I'm
saying um Tony Bennett and Gaga
performed I actually enjoy Gaga and the
Tony Bennett thing i like my sunday jazz
standards i like i love fitzgerald ask
things happening I think I only album
somewhere I don't believe I actually did
buy the album these are things i listed
one Sunday afternoon so I'm here for it
and I didn't really feel like artpop was
that big of a flop I think what's a flop
and Gaga standards but whatever i'm
loving this new just new gaga it seems
like she's taking a few less bumps of
cocaine and i'm here for it and on
instagram her little yoga things she
would know in all the booty in the game
like whatever I gelda she's knowing i'm
about to go sign up for some yoga and
get flexible for the bag just like that
and her birthdays like three days active
on yes she's march twenty eighth I
believe she's a year younger than me um
I don't even know if I remain back at
the same age will she be 30 this year
I'm sure whatever she's doing is gonna
be way more fab so what I'm doing but
whatever girl staying in budget oh I
forgot to announce that speaking of gaga
I'm having a birthday party March 28 in
Houston it's gonna be a birthday brunch
you all invited I'll be selling tickets
to pay for the food of course duh there
were a few more white people performers
whose names I don't recall and then I
feel that I'm claiming on the black
people saw because I'm allowed to do
this because this is my youtube channel
so we gonna get into things that i was
watching fo things that lie in the
middle some chick named joy villa
shoulder dress meta the Korins
construction netting that you can find
at home depot I don't know why or for
why i lurked on her instagram and I
still came to no conclusions she thought
she was cute we all thought she was a
mess and was gonna leave it at that
kinda showed up in a quinceanera dress
that is proving that her cult of brand
is strong because there's so many of the
other two really
find a reason to think that that dress
is cute it was not blue I be like they
which is understandable because Blue Ivy
is like four or three machinery over
where she had toddler either way she
young enough where it makes sense and
apparently she had dr on because Rihanna
put up an Instagram picture and
captioned it that blue thought her dress
was pretty and was very well aware the
fact that she IDR on and had no problem
telling you tops adorable
kardashian-west came in a fancy bath
robe cuz it was as close as she could
get to walking down naked we're gonna
see Kim in the near future attempt to
one up jennifer lopez that Versace dress
and at this point it can't be done girl
you done bare it all recently in some
magazine either I saw a picture and I
mean oh no Kanye pink dress down as it
usually does when he walked up the house
with Kim she'll be all the way decked
out and some dress that chance to walk
awkwardly in and he'll just have on like
a black t-shirt I'm choice a very
expensive black t-shirt but it's usually
just a black t-shirt he did look very
happy at the roc nation and brunch where
he was reunited with his besties J did a
very underwhelming performance only 1i
been also when he came back out to
perform 45 seconds with Paul McCartney
and Rihanna via olan mills photoshoot
background I just didn't was puff one
mic on I was you know that's the
interesting I just no no I was feeling
like it was the Kmart bluelight special
on photos that day and that's what they
feel they were going for and then the
meet the song itself just Liana can sing
that song as hard as she wants to
because it is perfectly written within
her very limited singing range and so it
works for her but the song this doesn't
do it does nothing and with Paul
McCartney Kanye Ariana that should be a
setup for something amazing and what
we're left is with something to be more
OC air hozier da girl that bad guy that
came out with the ill wash and go his
crowd was given me all my life
I wanna know this he could wash he came
out and did a song that I love what's
the name of the hose ears off take me to
church and I don't even know what he is
talking about in that song but I love it
and I love his voice and I love Eddie
Lennox even though she don't want to
acknowledge a strange fruit is
definitely about lynchings goodnight mom
but it's okay because i don't have my
eyes to be all-knowing as I said with
Kendrick Lamar and my pops mark but she
came on suede she slayed down cheers to
Obama Michelle day good because I think
you know one of my biggest issues with a
lot of the campaigning and protests that
have been going on and what I've been
made very well aware of in 2014 is the
lack of place that I really have in
society as a black woman and not that
Obama spoke about black most
specifically but for the forum to stand
up for women at all especially when
women are so often pushed aside in our
issues are so often told that they don't
hold water and then whether these men
who are simply trolling or small subset
of men are minute large go to such great
lengths are not even men sometimes it is
our own sisters or other women who kind
of pushed back against women's issues in
domestic ish domestic abuse is one of
those issues that I did see a lot of
pushback and a lot of victim shaming and
so for Obama to get up and appear at the
grammy's and speak for domestic violence
is a very big deal maybe Perry claiming
another one for us even though I guess
some of us were on the fence when our
super bowl um performance I like Katy
Perry in all her flavors I just don't
like her in that green corn rolls in
babyganics flavor girl no don't do it to
yourself but she sang
beautifully in salons wedding dress okay
she Solange is not the first one to wear
a all white cream-colored dress with the
cape on it when Paltrow did it some
other white woman like like Sigourney
Weaver or one of those did it and so she
was not cooperative Lee Katie really can
sing even if she does like you do that
Korean pop music that some of us just
don't I sure perform a Stevie Wonder
tribute it was cute um you know Stevie
Wonder always be winning with me you
could sing anything he won the song and
I be here for it mary j blige sang a
duet with sam smith i just don't really
get the point of mary on Sam Smith stay
with me I love fan Smith I love this
humility I just I love his album I love
his music I know it's not everyone don't
get it and everyone don't have to get it
because the most of us do get it so I
read about the rest of use but I just I
get marry trying to keep her career
alive her going out to London doing the
studio sessions I have the album is Kim
um I prefer my early 90s Mary that's
just my personal preference but all that
aside I just don't really feel like she
adds anything to do it with sam smith as
nor does the schoolboy q remix where he
raps I don't need any of that I need Sam
Smith solo dolo the only time I liked
any sense but club is with this
disclosure and they don't say they just
added the beat since had no to
give an outfit or in spirit he came out
smug as ever and why would they have him
announce the album of the year award
considering he has twice been snubbed
well he's been twice nominated for the
album of the year award I don't he lost
one year to you tues the joshua tree
which makes funds the next year he lost
to some run-over chi album I don't know
purple rain is like the album of the
century do you understand so you realize
that was a rest nub he's up to some
earrings here prints came out and said
just like books and black lives albums
do mattered and pretty much killed any
effort that misguided effort that
Pharrell put it in how did I forget
Pharrell Ferrell and his bellhop outfit
and his sub toll way of talking about
the black lives it matter campaign with
his backup dancers performing in black
hoodies I mean I guess an e for effort
ral but then prints came out and showed
you up with one simple sentence and so
you know he did his job for me and Beck
did one the album of the year award and
even princess face was like hmm you know
kanye played a cute little joke and so
he did that interview after and i
listened to the back album I I do not
get it and I like that and I have life
back since I was in like seventh grade I
do think beyonce deserve this out of the
year award in all matters via production
lyrical content reception just you know
unknown out well done album front back
side to side in that cattle what I've
always liked about Kanye is the fact
that he is very human and he's human in
holding in his contradictions I think
you know part of being human is that we
do contradict ourselves meunier lived so
close to that line for so long and
that's what I loved him for him about it
and that he was a very thoughtful artist
you know I did briefly work at good
music which is kind of west label I have
interacted with him he's a very nice
person in real life and you know when it
comes with him and his artistry it the
way he's able to explain why he does
things and why you know he put started
you know how we construct his music or
why he's so passionate about certain
things in that credit hole and
graduation era that really is the kanye
that I loved and that's really why I've
been such a big fan of Kanye now this
more recent manifestation of him posts
his mother passing away
he contradicts himself currently I have
a really hard time on like finding
appreciation and then I know there's all
those people that say oh kind of saying
what we don't think or cuttings for real
artistry but it's on the onus of the
artist to give up their award and
correct the wrongs of the Academy like
you need to go holla at your peers and
it's the recording academy is made up of
your peers u-boat most of your crew vote
most people you're doing business with
on the music industry side boat and you
need to highlight them and make sure you
know your cronies and go check them you
know when you talk about they need to
stop messing with us you talk about your
peers that you're not talking about
Beck's and the actual musical artist you
talk about the people that write yo
check and you do business with you take
it out to be on set because Beyonce did
call out and perform precious forward
precious bora take my hand is originally
by this armor and by thomas dorsey the
odd father of gospel music most notably
performed by mahalia jackson who was the
queen of gospel music and i have already
noted that mahalia jackson one of my
favorite performance she's got me
through more than one boy occasion
and i must say even if you not a keen to
gospel music i did not grow up in a
black church but you know who come
sunday can do some fool you when you and
your feelings gum was trying to tell you
yes now let us see played mahalia
jackson in this movie Selma helpful
Beyonce to then sing it as part of the
opening for the performance of John
Legend and Commons song glory another
song off the Selma truck soundtrack is
quizzical it does raise the eyebrows
especially when Ledisi was not only in
the audience but nominated for Grammy
herself that evening like why isn't
lettuce he performing the song that she
sang on this album now let us see it to
me if one of the people with a beautiful
voice who picks boring-ass songs on her
album I'm gonna go by no Ledisi album
and
and listen to it I'm playing okay girl
but I will go buy a ticket from when she
come to Houston on march forth because
let us see live is amazing let us see on
album I'm just like why did you put this
song why doing adult contemporary music
why are you not second Dale girl like
wheezing Chu and four women on the black
girls rock performance I life but her
team visiting the most be the most
strategic in kind of pushing her are
truly exploiting the full breast of her
talent and where she can go in this
industry what it appears to be is that
Beyonce approached John Legend and
common about opening for them and it
doesn't even sound like there was any
plans for lettuce he to perform it now
that everyone's talking about it and
there is all this controversy around it
her team will act on this opportunity
that has been open because as much as we
want to shade Beyonce before performing
the song I think this definitely opened
a very big door for let us see it has
her name in a lot of people's mouths and
I hope you know we definitely have more
award shows throughout this year whether
it's the beachy whether it is black
girls rock whether it is some other
award show that happens later in the
year that somebody takes this
opportunity I don't know that anyone was
really thinking that lettuce his role as
Mahalia Jackson was that big of a deal
because it was literally like one scene
in the movie but let us see other when
she covers other people's songs
especially songs from that era very
heavy deep soulful salt she just grow
its it had a life
something in her soul that you know I
just don't feel like the ice I can
convey I personally do not care for
Beyonce singing gospel religious or even
like holiday songs and I'm very
controlled and I don't think she allows
us out the imperfections or those
moments of imperfection that really kind
of convey a true spirit and soul in the
song that Ledisi could have done in
performing and I'm sure she went and
watched the movie she was touched by the
movie and she thought that her way of
showing how touched she was by the movie
was performing this song and you know
that's has that that's as far as her
train of thought was going on this you
know when she believes the
behind-the-scenes video the day asked
the Grammys I did kind of take issue
with that it is disheartening to hear
her talk about doing precious flora take
my hand Mahalia Jackson song a woman who
is very pivotal in the civil rights
movement and who doesn't often get the
credit dude and then take that song that
comes from such a strong heritage and
make it so singularly focused on the
vulnerability of black men because black
men are what you know black men
essentially are the focus of black lives
matter and I am very sensitive to us
making this discussion simply about
black men I feel like for all kind of
beyonce has done and said without saying
about feminism she should be a little
bit more cognizant that black lives
matter are black lives of men and women
and that black women have faced similar
struggles against powers that be as
black men our stories are often not as
told or push forward to media I just
wish her preview her preview when she's
this at does decide to step out and
speak out about certain things and she
had a you know finally because for so
long she has been berated for not
talking about black lives matter I don't
know whether you need to research or
somebody on your team or you need to
highlight salons or something so on
should be no man salon should know she
could he gave you the heads up I'm just
saying saying and this is a great
opportunity for let us see to learn from
the house of math you know she need to
be a little more strategic she need to
be a little bit more about Ledisi you
know girl you can throw some of that
humble pie you got and give it to
Azealia because clearly hunger had the
nerve to be surprised that she don't do
that when Best New Artist girl child
cheese take that somewhere your thoughts
on the grammys let me know in the
comments down below as always be sure to
thumbs up it matters leave a comment
comment along as you watch duh and if
you haven't already subscribe and join
the smart Brown ground movement me try
to share this with all yo friends thanks
for watching go pick you up a smart
brown girl onesies t-shirt toddler shirt
for you and your whole crew thanks for
watching
