hey guys is Josie and today I am sending
a message to my teenage self part of my
smart round girls series i have been
advocating for mental health and
emotional growth and i've done a video
on the importance in this journey on
maintaining and keeping a journal to
help support your mental health and your
emotional growth so you can actually see
how much you've grown and how far you've
come so I've been keeping a journal
since I was a teenager and actually have
my journal here from when I was about 14
15 and so I'm gonna reply to one of my
journal entries that's actually from my
birthday March twenty fifth two thousand
when I turned 15 years old give you a
snippet of it I'm like my life 15 years
a complete waste of time it's pretty
ecstatic about turning 15 thinking now
I'm old enough to do this and this and
this and now these people will be more
willing to hang with me but then I
realized that I thought the same thing
when I was 13 and then turning 14 and it
hasn't happened yet when I was younger
with my cousin Jessica and my sister
tati when I was like eight we used to
have a contest on who had the most
friends and we would sit there and name
all of them and if I ever played that
game today I know I would lose by far
all I want is friends lots of them I
move out of this house into a smaller
house for some real Oh real friends
because everyone needs friends I mean
people who I could talk to on the phone
invite over and go to parties with
people who don't just hang with me
because they're real friends aren't
available at the moment or people who
act like it's a privilege or a special
honor to hang with them people who I can
be tight with accurate at crazy but I
don't so imagine I can survive another
year without them girl well it's clear i
was still um working on my syntax to 15
year old Jules II don't be so hard on
yourself about your lack of friends
first of all you're currently living in
New Castle Delaware so you don't have a
lot of options when it comes to meeting
diverse people who are on the same
mental wavelength as you really just
take the time to work on you and be the
friend to yourself that you would
what I promise you'll end up with
friends not only way you'll end up with
friends you'll end up with the bevy of
smart brown girls who are all friends in
each other head and it's okay don't beat
yourself up about it you're doing great
you're marvelous you're young you have
so much time and right now as a teenager
you can't control the environment in
which you particularly live in at the
moment but you can control your
perspective on things so try to find the
positive and what I once you get them
eyebrows handle that you read a few more
books call your whole life is going to
be on fleek I'm so happy to see you grow
and flourish so hold tight stay positive
and hold true to being you I want my
entire crew out here to post their own
dear me videos setting a message to
their teenage self encouraging them to
get over any obstacle that you have
faced over the years as always thanks
for watching
