hey guys it's Judy and I am giving in to
all your requests because you don't
follow me on twitter nor do you read my
blog at Josie comm hmm and I'm going to
give you my opinion on the light Girls
documentary that aired this past Monday
on Oprah Winfrey's Network as always you
can support my smart brown girl movement
by picking up a smart brown girl shirt
at shop that smart brown girl calm for
all you people that might not be
familiar whoo here we go smart
brow girl t-shirts sweatshirts and
currently we're doing a limited pre run
sale through this week for sorority
smart brown girl sweatshirts in support
of the real sisterhood of the Divine I
already written a lengthy post at
nauseam about my opinion of light girls
and I am going to try my best to be fair
I found it to be kind of mindlessly
offensive in the narrative that Bill
Duke and his production team constructed
out of these gunshot interviews now
that's not to say that I didn't think
there was any value or any insight
offered in the entire two hours at the
documentary aired well hour and 20
minutes we take away all the day of my
advertising that was ran I think Soledad
O'Brien gave excellent points spot-on
and I tweeted her my love and she
tweeted her love back to me so yes like
girl had the potential to have a very
productive conversation about the full
spectrum of the issue of colorism in the
context of black Americans like girls
package itself as an intelligent
conversation and what it really was was
just simply all over the place the first
problem with this narrative is that what
does it mean to even identify as black I
think that's a great conversation to
have because a lot of us have this
really strong attachment to the identity
as a black person and we don't really
understand etymology of the identity of
race is just kind of the confusion is
kind of baked in at its core it's not a
very defined
box it is a circular kind of identity
there's a lot of gray and I've discussed
this in my video and texture
discrimination and white women in the
natural hair community like you know
there's a lot of gray that exists in the
black identity so who are we to say does
identify as black and what defines one's
blackness it's kind of interesting
quagmire has could kind of come about in
the context of the black American
identity and that we directly identify
our blackness with struggle and so when
you take away someone's right to say hey
this is my struggle and my struggle
equates to your struggle people tend to
internalize that as you're taking away
from my identity as a black person it's
just so wet for me to sit here and
complain about getting teased for
thinking that I'm cute I mean one I do
think I'm cute so like really really
aren't attacking you because like you're
beautiful like that but if I don't allow
white women to get on here and complain
about oh my gosh
I like just always got so much shade for
being beautiful and I said people just
automatically think that like life is
perfect for me and that I have
everything I like that's it it's shallow
like you know I just felt like light
girls really harp on this kind of
narrative about light-skinned women our
struggle is being told that we're
beautiful
because light-skinned is beautiful
hareton come to the detriment again of
darker skinned women I don't feel like I
need to compete in the struggle Awards
to verify my blackness you know I don't
have to say that I'm from the hood for
tell you how bad I got it about my skin
color to equate to being black it was
just crazy to me to hear these women
complain about and I really feel like
some of the combination was chopped up
to make it seem like it was a complaint
when it really wasn't about being asked
where they're from depends on where I'm
at you know in New York I'm either
Nigerian from benign or Dominican like
I'm either African or like Afro latina
and so I don't ever feel like that comes
at a threat of my blackness like oh we
really come in it for me it's a
conversation starter and it's like I'm
culturally aware so I can carry on this
conversation it's not a problem for me
and it's such a high C complaint it's a
lot of brown skin like if we want to say
that the litmus test for being able to
say you're light-skinned is the brown
paper bag
I mean Tatiana I'll leave by no stretch
of the imagination as a light-skinned
woman and the part of the conversation
that nobody wants to acknowledge is that
this as someone on my Facebook page it's
the scale of whiteness and having
European esque feet even on this YouTube
landscape I keep hearing oh my gosh
you're light-skinned would not be hair
and you know I've heard that growing up
all the time it's not a struggle for me
I don't you know I'm not holding on to
it I can laugh at it it's funny it's
silly it's simple-minded throughout the
documentary it keeps being expressed
that to be light-skinned is to have long
hairs to have silky curly hair it's to
have light-colored eyes you know it's
it's and that's so disrespectful again
to the breadth and the diversity that it
encompasses women of the African
Diaspora this is why I find so much
amusement in baby hairs because it
really kind of changes the spectrum of
identity or for women you know for
Tatiana I'll lead to come on share in
this kind of struggle narrative about
being light-skinned and it's like no
actually you just have very flourishing
baby hairs irresponsible a statements
made in this entire documentary by a
woman who goes by onyx monopolies
because I were the lighter one the men
from the time I was two on up I felt
like I was this little sex object I was
so beautiful the lighter girl in my
opinions get the most abuse so I'm not
I'm just going what I mean I feel like
y'all should have enough comprehension
skills and intelligence I believe in my
smart brown girls boys men woman's
people that just finding me out right
now
I believe that y'all are intelligent
enough to deduce why that is offensively
irresponsible ignorant and just every
sort of come on throw your own words in
here girl give them to me that's what
that is but
even understand why someone would attach
their sexual abuse to their skin
complexion do you realize that predators
who go after young girls are going to
use the most low-hanging east of fruit
intimidate you into not telling on them
to you control your mind and make you
feel like what they're doing is okay
don't understand why there were so many
men it's a lot of the men were again
very offensive I don't understand the
point of dr. Gabe the psychologist who's
talking about the joy and seeing
fair-skinned at people like when your
acquainting the levels of dopamine in
your brain to when you visualize someone
with fair skin like and so you're saying
that scientific feet you see what it's
goes um and then when you got to the
whole section about dating like again we
are we are we are simplifying this idea
that light is right we are feeding into
the ideal of white supremacy they had a
bunch of comedians and these men are
inflecting humor because that's what
they do professionally and it just was
so inappropriate to the context of the
conversation I don't date with men who
find my complexion to be ideal
you know the moment a man tells me oh
you're so beautiful cuz you like skin
I'm done I don't want to deal with a
color struck Negro like no I'm moving
colorism outside the issue of how it
exists in the Americas you know moving
it into Nigeria as if all Nigerian women
are just skin bleaching because
light-skinned people don't exist in
Nigeria now I'm gonna give that a moment
because I live in Houston and I don't
know how many conversations I've had
telling how to explain to somebody that
my behind
is not from aware II like I am NOT
Nigerian no the biggest sin of the light
girls documentary was that it did not
fairly discuss the application of
light-skinned privileged you're a
building of this you're reiterating that
again light-skinned is desirable it's
ideal and then what is the privilege in
that a person that really was given
every time they drop some honesty into
that was still the Dino Brian and she
did acknowledge that she when she
started her career in journalism
journalism most of the black women
looked like her and she is on the very
fair and not only with complexion with
hair texture and features of being
identifiable as a black woman what a lot
of us have a problem with in
acknowledging our print light-skinned
privilege is that it people will try to
use that to take away from what we have
earned or worked hard for and and it's
like no I'm not saying that you didn't
work hard or you weren't savvy or you
didn't put in a genuine effort to get to
where you got I'm just saying you had a
leg up it's great that you took
advantage of that leg up as you should
but you know it doesn't de no all the
work that you did once you've got that
leg up I still respect Soledad immensely
I think she's worked very hard and she's
very humble and very honest with herself
and she deserves all the greatest that
has come to her and it's not to say that
a black woman of darker complexion can't
achieve the same thing she can the ball
game is just slightly different I'm very
well aware of my privilege when I you
know something like this or a big curly
wig like people's reaction to me is
extremely different from when I walk out
the house with my natural hair texture
unifies and that's why I started this
smart brown girl movement and identified
it as brown and not black girls because
I didn't want people to get mirrored up
in this that defining what it means to
be black and who qualifies as black and
who doesn't
because women with any sort of melanin
we all go through a very similar
struggle at its base and so I didn't
want this struggle of war hump the
struggle competition to happen but it
really is what the struggle of the
light-skinned woman really is is the
struggle to be allowed to identify as
black without someone questioning our
blackness and that that takes on many
shapes and forms and there could have
been a great conversation around that
know in the comments down below what
were your thoughts on the light girl
documentary my blog post will be linked
down below and after
I could check out my blog looking at and
help me pay Sallie Mae as always thanks
for watching do things and I'm still
trying to understand the light-skinned
woman who didn't see an image of herself
till Spice Girls with Scary Spice came
out in the 90s because I'm trying to
figure out what rock was she not Lisa
Bonet girl Halle Berry Mariah Carey I
had questions let me
