hey is Christmas so happy holidays for
all of you that are celebrating the
birth of baby Jesus and I'm at Kayla's
house in Dallas and I just booked a trip
to South Africa for like below low so
I'm super excited and we're gonna make
some Christmas cookie dough that tar
helpfully said to me on Instagram we are
matching in our you can't see mines
because I'm too short but peeps why
brown girl yeah see yeah this company
tell you ready
I've been ready you think yeah Keith's
always late I don't even know how to
explain it cuz if you put it's not
eggnog egg version of this is punch of
crema but we're making cookie dough
which is basically like a milky
alcoholic beverage and so what happened
was on Twitter and my homegirl Siobhan
tweeted about who hasn't you coquito and
i retweeted her and somebody few of
y'all said y'all had recipes so we're
gonna try one of these recipes right now
this is the coconut cream I need to
spend my pina coladas it makes
everything taste delish for the whole
camp cause it's creamy and you drink it
up looking for the expiration date on
this bitch it's Christmas day make I
know after this like I have an option of
not getting sick can you smell it
yeah no coconut milk one can of
condensed milk I love this in my
porridge
almond milk we're gonna put almond milk
because I guess we're trying to be
healthy I don't know what Targa Philly
says she don't drink regular milk now
and so she uses almond milk which I
guess but you just put sweetened
condensed milk in it so I don't I don't
be knowing who we gonna follow her
recipe right now that wasn't shaking
like
anyway and now the fun part is the room
do you have the run is it over there
you got the Bacardi select we sure did
Bacardi feel free to sponsor me any time
for tea go get the strongest not the
strongest cheapest run with a 5 because
we could've got apples if we could look
we could've done a Jamaican or the
Haitian those are all 40 where they for
yeah I kept saying that why don't you go
I don't know maybe have you knocked out
though well then this is gonna have this
knocked out I can't dream one until we
get to our destination
oh because you're driving oh no you
should drive Julie you know alright all
done and now we're gonna taste it
Oh what we're done yeah that's it
you put the rum in - yeah did you not
just watch that's not cold it is cold
you want us to get in the freezer
yes well I'll blend with ice so you've
just added some nutmeg and now we're
adding some cinnamon and maybe a - more
nutmeg because I let Nick make that made
okay which is the first place we linked
to was the liquor store and when Jules
because I knew the Jolly Green Giant
next to me only a 5 inch height
difference my riches is alive I know we
have to taste it when it don't taste it
alright I am very nervous
what is no like rum Hawaii laughing is
it good or bad it's good it's really
good
is it cold
yeah it's really good Oh granny some on
my cup you do we both do really gotta
fill it up let's save some for tonight
let me transport this really though so
my belly this is so good it really is
this evaporated milk that's of the sweet
a sweetened condensed no that's right
condensed milk and see we had enough
coconut milk you thought we weren't
gonna have enough
Oh destroy I don't know I just get out
spord
