hey guys it's julianna smart Bronco
Thursday and today we are talking about
the vh1 show sorority sisters and black
women in media smart brown girl t-shirt
I have a large on fYI the grey shirts
are a different cut and so they do run a
little small but it's large and it fits
me just fine alright so I have I wrote
in a blog post about my argument against
vh1 sorority sisters show if you don't
know the vh1 launched a new show this
past Monday a premiere featuring women
from every sorority in the divine nine
basic Atlanta because clearly black
people in America only live in Atlanta
and you know it was the same typical
fuckery that you see and all the other
reality shows with black people on vh1
now full disclosure we already know this
I'm a delta I've done a sorority tag you
can check that here obviously wasn't
Phil on the show and there has been a
lot of pushback from members of these
sororities remember that large of the
divine nine in boycotting advertisers
and trying to boycott the show in
general now there's also been pushed
back because the argument is why would
you be offended about sorority sisters
and put all this effort into getting
this show take it off when you sit and
watch love and hip-hop and that's just
as bad representation of black women and
aren't you a black woman first
aren't you pray the sisterhood of black
women fighters I don't watch Love & Hip
Hop
hi I'm of the personal belief I don't
find row highs of Atlanta to be part of
the ratshit television that I would lump
in with like Love & Hip Hop I think the
women have things going for them show a
better view of women that have full
lives this is my problem with the
argument about why why put all effort
into boycotting sorority sisters and not
put the same effort into love in hip-hop
everyone who's making that statement is
making that statement because they
themselves watch Love & Hip Hop and they
enjoy ratchet trainwreck television so
either that for the most part they're
not members of a Greek organization so
they're not going to understand the
personal connection to a sorority and
then to it's like be the same people
they will love Hip Hop beyond our leg
in heavily into the show so it's like if
I did wake hot 11 hip-hop which my
sorority my chapter has done would you
really support that to unite I mean like
you are the active participators in
watching Love & Hip Hop so are you just
mad because now we're taking off Monday
Monday night programming for you like
people that do advocate for positive
images of black women but they still
kind of feed into the qunari that is
love and hip-hop but then these are the
same people that are questioning why
someone will be more offended overstory
sisters in they are over 11 hip-hop I am
offended but I also feel like I have
more of a voice to speak out against
sorority sisters because I could say
this is my organization I have personal
experience in this and this is
completely wrong and there is nothing
funny about this and I can speak for
this but my own peers my own black
womens sisterhood are going to counter
me when I start talking about love and
hip-hop and I've talked on my channel
about not watching Love & Hip Hop if you
are not Greek you're not going to get a
lot of things that happen in the Greek
system so people that are trying to
bring up the fact that recently delta
sigma theta and Alpha Kappa Alpha both
release statements encouraging their
members to not wear their letters out
while protesting now Alpha Kappa Alpha
rescinded their statement so kudos them
on that
don't say Sigma Theta has not now you're
not a delta you don't understand who the
current leadership is and what that
means and I don't really feel like
you're privy to that information in this
information I need to get to you there's
like I don't need to explain it to you
but I get it because I'm a delta I don't
agree with the statement a lot of my
stores do not agree with the statement
and a lot of my stores have been
protesting with their letters on even
after the statement was released and you
know I've just got a text last week like
please please send us to all of d9 from
another store please say this all of d9
we're doing the black lives matter March
we're all meeting at Washington Park on
Sunday even if you don't live in New
York please for this to every group you
know so like they are galvanizing they
are coming together but if you don't
live in that world you're not going to
be privy to that information and you
can't take compare the actions of the
members for collect coming together to
protest sorry sisters versus the actions
of the National Executive Board that
statement about not wearing your letters
came from the National
decorative board that was not a decision
made by the collective of the members
and you though but attractive meeting so
you don't know the conversations that
are happening you won't know that the
biggest committee or Commission in Delta
Sigma Theta is a social action
Commission and they do a lot of work in
protesting in you know speaking out
against civil rights in educating voters
a lot of the stuff happens within a
sorority but if you don't live in that
world you're just not going to know
about it they get to the actual content
of the show and the things that I was
not messing with Priyanka banks I'm just
really gonna beat the scholarship and
standards meaning what I let it get
snatched now Delta moves very slow all
right I will tell you my sorority is not
caught up on technology firsthand this
is something that I had been very vocal
about the sorority just hasn't caught up
on using social media effectively in a
fast-paced manner
now Priyanka with the same size
unfortunately she my fans I just don't
get why she like yes discretion is key
there's just certain things you don't
talk about but Minerva is public
information but never got her own
Wikipedia page you can google it to
figure out what my nervy means to Delta
it's on the Wikipedia page it's public
information and in the context that she
was talking to her profile why are you
cheers and whine so Minerva Lake girl
then why would you accost another soul
and tell you something about putting her
in the cut putting somebody in the cut
first of all is hazy I don't know if the
vernacular is different in different
regions but where I'm from putting in
the cut is basically you take it would
like you're getting hit are you talking
on your chapter now because you know
Dobson phase the not amazing
organization ma'am and it's just so many
things that you don't do that Priyanka
perpetrated within the first 30 minutes
of that show that I'm just like and then
to watch other women who are supposedly
her stores like back her up on it is
like because I remember a few lines in
here that address things that Priyanka
just was like I said I'm gonna do what I
want this is my collective issue with
the show at large I can remove myself
from certain elements of love and hip
hop right leg k.michelle
accent
oh I can be like that is k.michelle even
though she isn't Elsa but when you start
doing things in a name of an
organization that I work very hard to be
a member of and I'm still currently
working very hard for it gets even
harder for me to distance myself from
that and I don't have any qualms
boycotting sorority sisters because
technically I boys are loving hip-hop
I'm not faking to watch this New York
season I'm no longer watching this show
at all
somebody tweeted me about why would you
be mad at sorority sisters but then love
Olivia Pope or annalise keating on how
to get away with murder and scandal now
the thing with that that's just a dumb
argument because yes Annalise and Olivia
are very flawed characters there but
they're also complex characters and I
can enjoy Annalise kidding I mean I
don't really like how to get away with
murder but I could enjoy Olivia Pope the
same way that I enjoy Claire underwood
or a house of cards
a white woman married to to a member of
Congress who was cheatin and sniffling
and doing all types and doing all types
of crazy ish where her husband and I can
appreciate her for the complexities her
character I think black women have the
right to play complex characters with
interesting character flaws I even enjoy
Cyrus's character than like its iris an
indicative of all gay men like come on
seriously like you're comparing apples
and oranges apples and cucumbers like
this is not even relevant to the same
argument that was nothing sacred anymore
or as our outlook for fodder let me know
in the comments down below the blog post
will be linked in description box thanks
for watching as always hashtag smart
brown girls deuces
