hey guys it's josie and it's time for
another pop snart from the lowbrow for
the highbrow as long as your eyebrows
are on fleek hon let's get right into it
this week I am sipping on some
grapefruit juice cuz I just got back
from a wedding and I'm going out of town
for a wedding last minute and um and
unexpectedly didn't come back to my
house until last night and i left my
house on Friday that's gonna be back on
one Saturday so that's why this pops
mine saleh and i'm drinking all weekend
because i went with some boys and all
boys do is drink and party and drink
some more and now it's summer fo first
off let me just say that all these
YouTube tutorials on here now you guys
on my hair there are crocheted lap
extensions that are not done like half
my head is done half of the half of my
head that has hair on it is done like my
for you to take the entire week and six
packs of modeling and it is taken I just
feel like so many these tutorials be
lying and the sake of making this issue
is easy and a I know there was some talk
or some banter earlier last week about
black celebrities not stepping up and
speaking up on to the black lives matter
I can't breathe Eric garner and campaign
I know jay-z was getting a bit of slack
about it but he actually helped
facilitate the shirts that were one worn
by the cleveland cavaliers and some
other basketball players the I can't
breathe shirts the ones that had them in
comic sans kind of made my soul sad but
I'm really appreciative just the effort
in general to stand up and seeing all
these celebrities kind of band together
and realize that this is something than
that cannot go unsaid um and we do need
to talk about it get the age of
clickbait and all that but foxer should
be taking it too far and quite frankly I
feel like a lot of times these headlines
happen that are disrespectful these
articles that are happening that are
blatantly disrespectful whether it is to
women or black people or whatever
minority people are subjugating at the
time it's just don't share it don't
because they're just doing it because it
gives them stability it builds their
brand awareness and it gets them clicks
and AG revenue that's where everyone
does it that's why there's no chill when
it comes to this stuff you know I know
every time you started this kind of
conversation around the violence
committed against the authority against
black people this
somebody always comments about what
about black-on-black crime now Tommy
easy khosro a really good article maybe
34 years ago in the Atlantic about
schleich showing a physical information
showing how communities have reacted to
this kind of theory and black on black
crime it's an oxymoron every person in
America has a higher threat of being
killed or having crimes committed
against them by their own community
white if we're talking about
black-on-black crime mice will talk
about white on white crime Chinese on
Chinese crime Korean on Korean crime not
a crazy thought these committees are
actively protesting and raising some
type of awareness about what is going on
the community and it's how am I believe
was earlier this summer there has been a
lot of talk about what is going on with
the crime in Chicago it is a complete
warzone happening in Chicago now I into
the point that you know as much as I
want to like Nicki Minaj when she does a
song a little herb called shy rack I
just couldn't stand behind it and I
really just don't like the term shy rack
I feel like it glorifies the idea of how
bad the crime rate is in the
lower-income neighborhoods of Chicago
and on top of that I just doubly can't
get behind someone like achieve Keith uh
or any other kind of gangster rapper
that's glorifying these kind of
lifestyles it's perpetuating a lot of
the problems that are going on in these
communities now it's not to say that
Chief Keith is to blame with a 300 squad
at the honey whatever its to blame for
what's going on in neighborhoods like
Chicago and other garda neighborhoods
that have similar issues but I think
Chicago is the most visible and kind of
easiest to attack upfront feeds kind of
the complexity of the issue you know and
it's like it's our duty to kind of as
people even if we don't live in these
communities directly it doesn't directly
impact us you know as self-aware
individuals to be aware of the choices
that we make and how they might project
certain standards or lack of standards
and it's also why I'm taking more of a
note to stop watching Coon television
but to get to the point this past
weekend identical twins demario and the
mace
yo excuse me if I'm butchering the ones
boys name they would have x 16 tomorrow
robbed by four other teenagers for their
coats and apparently one of the boys
them Damacy oh I believe got in a fight
with the guy trying to take his jacket
in demario like push the guy off his
jack off his brother and the 17 year old
Carlos Johnson shot and killed demario
Shane just highlight so many issues and
we don't have enough time and pop snark
unfortunately to get into it I'm the
story's been on Gawker it's getting
coverage on main news channels you know
we're talking about it this is not a
time to berate the community about why
are we talking about black-on-black
crime like stop it its idiosyncrasies
it's not a productive part of the
conversation like I'm not fucking with
it at all you know I think the community
is standing up in Saints I mean these
kids were walking to a basketball game
you know and then I don't want the
conversation to turn in well why didn't
he just give up his jacket who still
have his life like this is the problem
respectability politics this is this
highlights so many issues that are
happening in our community and the
dialogue that hopefully we can I just
hope that we can raise awareness and
move past all these things to really get
to the productive angles to change the
way society is moving right now it's at
what point does the death of a young
black person not become over what were
they doing issues wisin to become why
are we killing them issue hopefully we
as communities when we're looking
towards doing our community service or
giving back to the holiday season we
could think a little further than just
feeding the homeless or giving young
children gifts we can think a little
further about how we can impact our
community and the things that we can do
whether it is joining Big Brother Big
Sister or doing an after school program
or tutoring or reading to a young child
or being active in your church or just
being active in your community and
making sure that the kids on your block
are okay like doing simple things I
think we've moved away from a sense of
community and we all kind of live very
individualistic lifestyles now so just
hopefully every little bit of effort can
kind of come together and maybe we might
see some change in the near future into
the new black Negro Lords Otis gram why
I talked about one of my pops max I
think I talked about him and pop stock
number two or three he's one of those
new black she had her article featured
on washington post not too long ago
where he's talking about the rule
but he gives for his young black sons to
keep them alive like they can only they
can't wear t-shirts unless they have a
name of a prestigious school or company
on them they're not to wear any hood it
we're at all nothing with hoods on it
they cannot run down the block and at
night so again my negro log2 column LG
LG was in a there's a video on facebook
that's been floating around this past
week and he is reiterating and giving
this visuals so these rules that he has
for his suddenly even quotes the fact
that his son said to him you were taking
the fun out of being a teenager and he
says he doesn't care because this is
going to keep his children alive now
what I would like to say to my man my
man mr. Graham the unfortunate part
about this is there is a lot of black
people in America that think this is it
it's through its respectability politics
where we tell our children excessively
that they have to follow all these rules
in order to survive and I think one of
the saddest things for me and in
watching these videos about the young
man mr. Bailey who lost his life this
past weekend in Chicago is watching his
peers reiterate how hard it is that they
have to fight every day for their life
that they never have a moment to relax
or to just breathe and just live and so
it's it's interesting to me that we can
have this whole campaign amount I can't
breathe right and we're quoting friends
Faye nun and Malcolm X and James Baldwin
Martin Luther King and all these people
what kind of come before us and talked
about how hard it is as a black person
in this world to simply breathe and we
ourselves rd are restricting our air
flow by putting these really harsh rules
on our children now that's not to say
that you know i don't disagree with
every rule that mr. Graham has you know
I get it I don't appreciate seeing
Negroes what they draws out neither but
it gets excessive when we start to think
that decorum is what's going to save our
children that's a quorum that got
demario Bailey shot this weekend you
know it's not the quorum
had Eric garner murdered it's not
decorum that would have saved renisha
mcbride or any of these other people
that are losing their lives over just
bullshit ass reasons the quorum is not
going to save your soul yeah this is a
pretty heavy week I want my notes for
everything I was like so sad um you know
Beverly beam out and said that she was
drugged by Bill Cosby in a Vanity Fair
article um and it's just to the point
where like Bill Cosby is really riding
this wave where he feels like he is
using this kind of don't bring down the
black man rhetoric to say that he didn't
do any of these allegations that are
against him and I honestly don't feel
like the case against Bill Cosby is
inherently about bringing down the black
man I'm I really think it's like not
Monica like you drugged and raped some
women like that don't matter what's the
color of your skin is you want some
dance sandusky shit right now light
Pharrell through and it's just so sad to
see so many of my colleagues who are
young black men try to buy into this
story that these women are only coming
out against them because they want to
tear down the black man and it's like at
what point can we not get past victim
shaming you know this whole kind of
disposition of the Rolling Stone UVA
rape case and people really trying to
attack and tear the story down and I
thought both of my last pops night with
the young girl Jackie who Rolling Stone
wrote a sweeping and very gruesome piece
about the rape culture at UVA and
instead of actually addressing the
problem that there it doesn't matter how
grotesque the rape actually was it
happened somebody was sexually assaulted
and nothing was done about it and so why
are we trying to deflect and blow up all
the smoke and mirrors and not address
the issue of women's rights and and the
ideologies that we are viewing our youth
with to think that it's okay to take an
advantage of a woman's body in this
manner TT branch one of the cofounders
of Miss Jessie apparently passed away
due to suicide on december forth and it
was it broke the news broke this more
I believe um you know our family is
definitely in my prayers I definitely
give condolences out to the miss
jessie's fan family and the branch
family um and I really don't think this
is the correct platform for me to talk
about anything else with regards that
you know I've already been very vocal
about mental health matta fact my last
smart brown girl video is about
emotional health you know I've talked
about loneliness and a strong black
woman ideal and I'll really want to say
too much more about the passing of TT
branch because honestly the washington
post article was basically a summer a
shin of the lipstick alley board it's
funny every time somebody passes away
recently and it's kind of like you can't
really find any news sources you google
it Ellis head is always like I always
the first on google search and so I
rented that thread so try to figure out
where this information was coming from
and then so when I read The Washington
Post article I'm like okay well this is
basically just you know they summed up
what whole woman said on the thread and
the only other person I talked about it
is the envy magazine so family has
released a statement yet she was a
million multi-million dollar company i'm
sure they have a PR firm they have not
released a statement yet I'm so I just
don't really want to talk too much and
hypothesize too much about what was
going on because I don't know and I
respect for her and her family because
this is very rough in a very hard time
and I think there's a reason why it took
us 10 days to even find out that it
happened I'm just I don't I don't need
to get all month I don't need to say
much more you know I really really
really respect their privacy right now
and I really feel like we should leave
it at that and if you feel like this is
a time to UM talk about mental health
please just don't be too overt and
directing it at what you think TT may or
may not have been going through um and
then just generally speaking be the
friend that you need to someone else
that's the best way to start and helping
others with their mental health
dawn Richards um do we remember her from
making up the band who is that the show
she was on did he did it he came she has
completely changed her look like show me
a look like the same person like you
somebody tweeted her say God will
recognize her and she said well they
still work as long as in check to still
come and she don't care and I guess you
know everyone still always puts it back
to long as they make it money nothing in
life matters which is so check bullshit
I don't I don't know what's going on in
Dawn's head but she's had a lot of work
done on her face and what what sticks
out to me is like when you go to
procreate and have children and your
kids come out looking like your old self
how are you going to tell your children
that they're beautiful I'm so you know
what's interesting we'll all see how
Northwest comes out to me because she's
gonna look like the old Kim Kardashian
so that'll be interesting but you know
that wasn't a shot that wasn't a shot I
just be saying it and she's raised in a
household that's very keen on plastic
surgery so you know what happens to the
child's psyche and kind of self-esteem
and such I don't know that let me know
what you guys think about that I did
watch the real housewives of atlanta
last night came because get to a bully
beef quick recap kandi kandi Burruss
Tucker candy arcs my soul like she wants
so bad to me the nice get along with
everyone person and she is just the
biggest hypocrite I almost believe that
candy is a bigger hypocrite than
linnethia leakes on the Raza was Atlanta
because I just don't know how you can
laugh at your mother calling someone
your husband and the man you hope to be
the father of your children a prostitute
and his father a pimp like it's not
funny don't laugh when your mother says
that now i get respecting your mother
and loving your mother but why can you
candy why can candy have such deep love
and respect for her mother that all sins
shall always be forgiven and excuse but
she can't understand how Todd could have
that same respect and love for his
mother like she really sat at a dinner
table and wanted to
heck mama sharon may she rest in peace
but can't even find the extra notches in
her spine to stand up to the way they
taught her momma Joyce and tell her that
shit do stank and she just is wrong she
wrong this woman has destroyed your
house destroyed your friendships she
tried to show you a marriage and I'm not
even the biggest fan of time but momma
Joyce is just wrong she's wrong on so
many levels and candy cannot find the
words to tell how much she's wrong but
wants to check everybody else when it
comes to them telling her that her mom
is wrong it's just the conundrum that
exists in Kandi's mind is mind-boggling
to me and I'm just like girl I don't
know is the paycheck is that serious
enough that she wants to really continue
on with the storyline but um I don't be
getting it at all this point vh1 is an
on my ate shit list as well tonight
supposedly is a premier of a show called
sorority sisters now for those of you
they don't know I am a member of the
divine nine with historical black
sororities that was founded on community
service and change girl I'm praying that
this is just a show full of women in
like black stories that were found in
the last 20 years I can still go up to
denny's with a founders for breakfast or
lunch um I'm really hoping that these
women don't wear their letters it's sad
enough that we have to claim can really
paint otherwise known as k Michelle but
I'm just not getting down with someone
getting on a sec we did you can't even
do it like legally legally the story
that I'm in they can legally sued you
for misrepresenting the sorority on any
sort of media like you could get your
letter snatch for a tweet and it has
happened so why I'm just I'm not gonna
watch it I'm not gonna support it I
don't do to television uh-uh um I know
that the two customer data and most
alpha kappa alpha on release statements
last week um informing their members
not whether letters during the protest I
don't really agree with my sorority
making that sense but I do understand
the place that it comes from sidering
who the leadership currently is I'm not
entirely surprised they made that
statement but I do think it is very it
is rather hypocritical to what my
sorority was founded for for them to
make that move and I am sat in that they
haven't rescinded that statement and I'm
gonna leave it at that I feel like any
other problems I have I will address
directly with the sorority um but I know
that plenty of my sorors who are
protesting in New York have kind of
pushed back and it's been very admirable
to see those who are higher ranking
enough caliber push back and not just be
all the like the teenybopper younger
soror that are like oh that's the
establishment you know it's been good to
see other older sorors kind of
collectively come together and push back
and say you know there's a big this is a
cause that's bigger than us and we are
we think we should stand together on
this that's all that we have this week
for pop snark what do I want you to
answer da me below if you were candy how
would you handle this feud between momma
Joyce and mama sharon do you does anyone
out there actually agree with how Candis
handling everything am I the only one
that doesn't understand how her mind
works let me know in the comments down
below and as always there will be links
to all the things that I mentioned for
your reading smart brown girl it up girl
have I not sipped any more of my
grapefruit shoes huh when I finally got
my sweatshirt this is what my sweatshirt
look like dude I have my sweatshirt it's
not even off the shoulder just scoop
neck let you see look how nice it looks
I love it i'm so happy i'm feeling good
as always thanks for watching me chew it
a thumbs up urban re-subscribe hit that
subscribe button and share share the
wealth in spite of smart brown girl ah
are your eyebrows on fleek
keeps
