hey guys it's Julie and it's time for
another pot snark we talk about
everything phyllo brown - the hybrid
long as your eyebrows are on fleek this
is for my smart brown girls I finally
got my shirts y'all you're rockin the
shirts and I don't even have the right
thing this is a large for those of you
who are wondering I am a large I wear
size 12 in real life and I don't got no
titties but I have a bra bag so I think
they should have a sizing chart up now
for those of you wondering what size
again this week grab a drink
sip along with me as we always do but
I'm actually not gonna be drinking
anything because one of the champagne
diet that I was on last night is still
hitting me like acid reflux real hard
and - like who wants to take away the
attention from the fact that Rhea
Michelle again has my eyebrows and my
whole life my whole face beat - the guys
on fleek everything girl every single
say you can come up with right now I
just look huh feeling it feeling myself
I look divine and I'm so grateful for
her 400 don't even mind the fact that my
bed isn't me in the background
no one cares my face my face should be
all the focus so this week has been
definitely an interesting week there's
like so little yet so much to talk about
um it's just like more of the same old
disheartening depressing like I'm just
over you guys to some America
and I know I haven't been very vocal on
social media about things like the Eric
garner case this week because honestly I
feel like I'm just regurgitating the
same I had to say about Ferguson
over again and I am beyond disappointed
first off I didn't want to start off
with talking about your neighbor is
quite a view
few of you commented last week asking me
what my opinion was on janay rice who
was Molly white by her fiance Ray Rice
in that elevator in Atlantic City and
TMZ leaked the footage of it of him like
knocking her out CO and then driving her
off the elevator and then he was
suspended indefinitely from the Ravens
he recently won the appeal so he's back
to being able to play for a team I don't
know what team is gonna pick him up and
janay rice recently sat down with her
mother without the ESPN writer and I
today's show so I read that yes P an
article I watched the videos and um you
know what
this is really difficult right because
it's like at what point is someone
entitled to their personal opinion it's
like Who am I to say that I think she's
lying like it's definitely for sure that
Rea this is familiar behavior and that's
why she's accepting of it I mean I don't
know and at this point I just have to
respect her opinion I you know I mean
and I have to respect the fact that this
is the man she feels that she's in love
with she wants to stand behind him her
parents are standing behind her standing
behind him and so really my opinion in
the situation doesn't matter because she
is choosing how to live her life I'm
gonna stay here in lambast her for
staying with Ray
isn't that like victim shaming you know
essentially like she's already been a
victim by her fiance by TMZ leaking the
footage and then by all of us having
opinions about what she should or
shouldn't do and so I just don't feel
the need to constantly castrate this
woman over her life decisions I really
in my heart of hearts hope that she's
telling the truth I hope this was not a
regular or even multiple occurrence I
hope this really they get the therapy
that they need and they can move forward
into a healthy and happy relationship
and I wish them all the best then
domestic abuse is a very complicated
topic to handle and I think part of it
is you know supporting victims enough
where they feel comfortable you know
telling their story but also supporting
victims enough to help them to make the
right decision not the decision that we
think is right for them but the actual
right decision for themselves but I
think we have to respect just them as
human beings and adults and the ability
if their family is to putting them on
this you just hope that they're getting
the right sort of kind of help and
therapy that they need to move on from
this I want to be very cautious and I
think this is going to be the overall
theme of this pop start to not feed into
this singular idea of how to move
forward with things and that life is
complex we live in a lot of gray and so
why when we start talking about the
victimization of women and the assault
against women do we want to remove all
gray and say everything
to be black-and-whites either this or
that and don't allow any you know we
can't deal with the complexities of
these situations like it just doesn't
make sense yeah the big thing this week
was Aaron Gardner's case Eric garner was
the man in Staten Island who was stopped
by the police over Lucy's cigarettes
which is basically if you're ever in New
York
cigarettes are very expensive in New
York and so you know Newports Newports
new parts they'll sell you singles which
are illegal because there's no tax on
those cigarettes so it's illegal to sell
Lucy's um and so the cops were doing a
you know a stop and they're about this
man over some Lucy's and they were
trying to subdue him and in order to
subdue him they put him in a chokehold
and in the video because there's body
cams on these cops in the video he says
I can't breathe I can't breathe and then
you watch the man die so this is this is
really hard for me right this healthier
garner case because the fact that the
police officer pas de la no Daniel
whatever his name is there was this
video like you can watch the video the
men literally has his hands up and he
says I can't breathe
those are his last word like he's
literally telling you that he cannot
breathe and they put him in a chokehold
and they put him on his stomach and he's
obese and so you know you basically
suffocated the minute that then the New
York City coroner's office ruled it as a
homicide
like for all the things that you can say
about not knowing whether Trayvon Martin
hit George Zimmerman or whether Trayvon
Martin overpowered George Zimmerman
whether or not Mike Brown was actually
in Darren Wilson's car whether he was
148 feet away whether he was 2 feet away
you know for all the kind of questions
and cloudy judgment that people and
smoke and people can stir up in these
other cases this Eric garner case gave
you everything that people were looking
for your own state system is telling you
that this was a homicide like how can
you not find reason to indict this man
and I think really at large what the
issue is
is that we are prosecutors the DA's
office is an elected position right and
so prosecutors in its Angela core in
Florida Bob McCullough in Missouri and
then I forget the man's name in Staten
Island but they're running up this and
they they're trying to feed to their
conservative constituents and what's
interesting to see is with these last
elections as America is as we allowed as
we are on social media as much as
protesting we are doing which i think is
amazing to see the protesting the
peaceful diverse protesting that's
coming out of this in new york is that
we as an electorate are moving towards a
more conservative government so these
DEA offices these prosecutors are
pandering to their conservative
constituents who clearly don't give a
 about black people like they I
don't even think they're presenting real
cases now with the AeroGarden case we'll
never see the files because New York is
a sealed state so they're not gonna
relieve the release of court cases but
you know I do honestly feel you even
look at the way McCulloch delivered the
Ferguson indictment announcement you
know it just it seems like they're not
even presenting honest cases like
they're not going for an indictment
they're not and they're the prosecutors
they're the ones that are trying to
convince the jury to indict these police
officers and they're not even they don't
want to they don't want that burden to
come down on their office because that
is a potential lost election for them
and this is why it is so important for
us to go out and vote and make sure that
our voices are heard and you know what's
really rough for me about the Eric
garner case is that I lived in New York
for eight years during the
stop-and-frisk era and while I
personally was never really stopped at
first I had you know I really closed
home away who this fool for whatever
reason will walk out the house without
side deed now you are stopped under
suspicion in New York and you do not
have an ID they can take you down to
central booking and you spent a night in
jail and so there was so many times when
I would have to call around a central
booking and worry about where my friend
was that because they would just stop
him because he had a white t-shirt on
and I'm not talking like a white t-shirt
down to his knees like he had a fitted
white tee
and some commerce is on and somebody he
happened to be walking down those sure
Navin oh and that was reason enough for
people to stop them like this like I've
seen this ish firsthand like I've seen
how the cops can cost you and take
advantage of you without even telling
you what they're taking you in for and
it's crazy and I do think from the top
down there needs to be an overall shift
in how we deal with people of color I
think as Americans we need to move to
where it's really I'm pushing back
against the psyche that black people are
demonic or we're monsters that were
super aggressive I we're going to kill
you and all these things like it's like
we never moved past this era of like you
know the big black group and the hyper
sexualized black female and you know I
think there's multiple layers to this
there's no singular reason why this is
an issue this is ingrained in American
culture and you know we are it's now
rebelling again in 2014 and it's just
it's something we need to as a
collective move towards change now what
I do want to be cautious of and a lot of
the reason why I haven't like tweeted or
instagrams much about this it's because
what I feel like happens is when stuff
like this happens where it's Eric garner
the Tamir rice or the Mike Browns or you
know the Renisha McBride or the Marissa
Alexander is when we start to actually
care about black women when it does
happen there is this group thought that
happens right like everyone especially
because I live in this bubble right so I
follow a lot of other black bloggers and
writers very much trying to get the
perfect tweet that can be go viral and
retweeted like 15 million times out so
that's people's intentions but everyone
tends to tweet kind of the same train of
thoughts and I don't really see a lot of
dialogue happening right it's a lot of
anger and aggression when I think
definitely has its place and I think
definitely can be very productive but I
want to also be cautious that we are not
allowing room for productive dialogue in
these things because in order for them
to be a chance
change we can't just be you know I can't
just be talking to the smart brown girls
who already get what I'm talking about
and understand where I'm coming from
like I also have to be cognizant that
the person's minds and trains of thought
that I'm trying to change think
completely opposite of what I think and
so there's a communication discord there
I can't communicate to them at the same
level that I communicate to my peers who
get me like we happen that brings me to
the whole crying wild white hashtag that
happened on Twitter after the Eric
garner and on indictment because people
were tweeting white people were tweeting
about their privilege basically about
how they've been stopped by the cops
they had committed crimes and nothing
happened to them because you know to be
white in America means you get to walk
away with your life when the cops stop
you and I the the general reaction by
black intelligent but the black you know
highbrow Twitter all the journalist was
you know priming wild white shouldn't be
applauded it doesn't solve nothing good
for you that you where you got privilege
now what you're fitting to do whatever
edition don't do nothing and it's like
what is not fair like you got to think
about it this person is not black I
can't reach the person who doesn't think
like me by constantly talking to them
like they are me I have to talk to them
on their level
and so no I don't think cry meanwhile
white just because you are aware of your
privilege gives you a pass and when you
are the greatest white person ever no
but I think it's a stepping stone and I
think there's a way that we can
communicate to them and we can engage
them in a dialogue and we can have an
impact and productive change without
telling them that okay because you
tweeted that don't mean like that
does nothing for that that's not
productive like we took a step there we
took two sides back and I don't get us
nowhere and so I think awareness is
always the first step to impacting
change and so we just need to be a
little bit more aware of how to
communicate to our lesser melanin
privileged conservative minded
constituents except the light-hearted
stuff girl it's just been so having the
sweet eye
watching the Rojas of Atlanta I have I
you know this season is just like I
can't stand Portia she's just dumb and
now not only she dumb now but she's
super arrogant like she's smelling
herself all the way her beef with
Cynthia is such like she's rude
and Oh Cynthia is gorgeous like you
wanna talk about somebody who wakes up
flawless I'm not really banging with
Cynthia's approach to anything I bear
but I'm definitely not siding with
Porsha on this at all Scipio Jordan I
did I don't get the point
Kenya kandi and Todd okay so I'm
surprised like it's hard to shut up like
all the time to go back to like not
talking cuz that's why I liked him like
I don't like the way Todd communicate
like the whole like I get to do your
thing I get you in a Bronx Zoo like I
get it but he just he curses a whole lot
and it's very aggressive and I feel like
again you have to learn how to talk to
people he can't talk to Don the same way
that he talks to his homeboys in the
Bronx I think that's the big disconnect
between him and Don is the way that he
talks to that and I don't think he's I
don't think in time to mine he's being
rude or kind of sending but he gets very
colloquial very like Bronx like yo zoom
got do did it better and that's not how
Don talked so why are you talking to a
man who doesn't talk like that like he's
like he's not gonna hear what you
actually are trying to say like the
message isn't gonna come across and I
felt like I'm on Don side and his whole
be free candy and bringing a tide around
and having him address the staff um
kandi just I really I want her to like
get a few more notches in her spine so
she can stand up to some folks
she's just so wishy-washy she is such a
pot stirrer like for her to go back and
report to Phaedra and even somebody she
said that KL I got police she could
apologize to Kenya
without bringing all that extra issue of
about what they talk about the spot like
it was just so unnecessary but I get it
you get the check for me on a show girl
so you know make that storyline pop
because only with so much of momma Joyce
trolling us with her bad ass actually we
can take speaking of mothers um this is
a really rough week for a lot of people
did lose his mother and then Kelly
Romans mother passed away and it is just
like my gosh my heart goes out to them
I'm you know I think for Kelly it's just
so bittersweet you know her mother got
to see her son I'm gonna have to see her
marry and I just I don't know how anyone
deals with the loss of a parent I'm not
at all prepared for it I you know you
already know I did a video about it
I can't I can't I can't I don't even
know what's on TV anymore I am NOT
supporting kun television so no I will
not be watching vh1's bye Felicia
I'm mad at both of them black women that
are going to do that show that is
just ignorant stop with his girlfriend
intervention BS I will be watching
lifetimes Whitney Houston biopic because
Angela Bassett is producing it and it
looks like it's going to be amazing and
I'm hoping lifetime is finally gonna
stop trolling us I'm hoping it's gonna
be good it's gonna be good
I'm still watching the boys I turned it
to a suburban housewife with my Pinot
Grigio on Monday evenings I love me some
at McAndrew and Taylor John Williams and
Damien those two bathe another than that
yeah I watch blackish because Marseille
Martin is going to be my child
like I'm going to have a little Diane
the twin the backs going to man would
have a little chocolate drop snarky
witty and just cute with dimples child's
give me like 15 years and I'll be right
there with you let me know in the
comments down below how beat is my face
are you feeling the contour
do you like my brows girl can I catch me
a BAE it is cuffing season and let me
know what shows are you currently
watching and what do you enjoy have you
checked out the serial podcast imma
listen to a lot of podcasts that have
actually watching TV and cereal is a
good one I'll talk more about Syria on
my next next week's pop star because
it's getting ready to go over time but
let me know what you guys are listening
watching
reading and have you brought you some
are brown girl shirt have you you're
gonna love it
thanks for watching
