okay so I keep trying to record this
video this might be like the six or
seven time that um hmm I try to cover my
feelings on having resided in the
District of Columbia so first why I
wrote to the district Columbia as you
guys know I well maybe you don't know I
was a college here briefly at George
Washington and then at Howard University
I then moved to New York pursue a career
working in the business marketing of
music industry um once I was shaded and
you know evolved out of that I tried to
move home to Delaware for a year got my
own place thought maybe how I could see
myself living in the suburbs I also want
to be closer to my parents at the time
so did that hated it and so I figured I
would just move to DC because that's the
nice intimate and I could get a better
paying job work out my youtube and just
figure myself out so yes that is quite a
bit of moving specifically in the past
three years for me but I'm single and
got no kids I got a little money and I
really I'm kind of in an exploratory
stage where I am just trying to figure
out where it is that I want to live and
settle down that DC proper and the trad
northeast neighborhood in the hood I
worked in Rockville Maryland and I feel
and I don't want to deter anyone from
taking a good-paying job potentially
moving to the DMV area now my opinion on
DC in this video is going to be
explicitly on the District of Columbia
I'm not talking about Maryland I'm
talking about Virginia
we're not talking about anything but the
District of Columbia and I feel like DC
in particular is good for people who
either are big into the church big into
the sorority or a fraternity what a
government job have family here or have
family already like their own personal
kids husband and you're okay with like
Kiki and with your homegirls
every other weekend at TGI Friday those
people that do well here I have none of
those things so it's a little bit
tougher I will acknowledge that I made
the mistake of one moving into DC proper
and to getting rid of my car because my
car broke down before I moved here and
it was either pay a couple thousand to
get it fixed or I figured I'd just take
my public reputation and buy a bike
big mistake to anyone who is considering
moving here I say don't move the DC move
you behind out to Maryland or Virginia
the suburbs save on rent get you a car
and enjoy life thoughts are on the city
one cost of living it's expensive here I
almost want to say that it's more
expensive than New York because even
though my rent technically is cheaper I
pay $11 a month in rent or paid 1104 a
one and a half bedroom um the metro is
more expensive the metro is not nearly
as accessible as it is in New York um
gas is super expensive tickets here or
expensive parking driving tickets
traffic tickets the food is expensive
whether you eat out and you get the 10%
tax on your food or grocery store then
you have to pay five cents for a bag
there just is no real cheap food it's
very hard I feel like to hustle and
survive in DC somebody just knocks on my
door
so I'm o'clock in the afternoon and then
then want to cycle with wise look I
can't wait if there is no getting cheap
food in DC like they're just unless you
want to relegate yourself to eat Chinese
food every night like every I feel like
just the job industry here is better you
can definitely get a good job get a
decent job so I feel like that's why
people do kind of settle down this area
and opt to stay here largely because the
career field here is plenty field um so
that's not a qualms that I have with DC
the actual selection of food here sucks
and I'm saying this as someone who does
not have a car so telling me that I can
go get Korean barbecue in Germantown
does not count like the food here is
expensive in the customer service sucks
like just by and large I've had very
very few good customer service
experiences when I'm you know here to
the point that I will truck my yellow
behind all the way up the founding
farmers and then pay the extra coin for
some good food and good customer service
because I just can't deal with the
piss-poor service that I get here
considering that like I'm paying more
than I should be for whatever it is I'm
ordering in the first place the people
the people of DC its kind of like a
layer topic for me first
I think DC in general lacks a real
strong sense of culture there's a lot of
nationalities that live in DC it's
definitely an international city but
everyone's very siloed and everybody
pretty much stays to themselves so
there's not a lot of cross-cultural
intermingling then if you get down to
the black people here like the native I
just don't know I think there's this
kind of a in the hood specifically
there's a lack of ambition and this is
coming from like me having resided in
bedford-stuyvesant right next to the
projects for quite a few years in that
there still was like even though it was
rather misguided there was still a sense
of like being able to come up from where
you at like maybe everyone here maybe
everyone's a rapper or whatever in New
York but they would still like this kind
of hustle and ambition towards being
something greater than what you
currently are versus in DC there's just
this air of like kind of complacency
that's very like okay no one's really
like complaining like even the way
gentrification happens here like it's
crazy to see that Trinidad is you know
it's not the nice neighborhood to live
in but it is being gentrified and
there's no I haven't heard of any
community meeting I've haven't heard of
any Neighborhood Association
there's been no black partners didn't
things that kind of build a sense of
community and your neighborhood and
reaffirmed the history in the culture
none of that
not a drop of it try to volunteer and
teach a web design class at the art the
Rec Center behind my house those kids
were not interested in doing anything
other than sitting outside and the
director of the program wasn't really
interested in doing anything other than
collecting a paycheck so dating scene
here I knew it was gonna suck before I
moved here it sucked when I went to
college it still sucks now I don't
particularly think you should come to DC
single and less you're like an uber like
Spelman political chick like Bob kite or
like the cute twist out pearls pumps and
a cute matching purse like at all the
times if you're on that then sure maybe
you can put up with the boys but I
think I'm
to eclectic for all that Daisy for me as
someone looking at the men here it
there's a lot of qualified people in DC
there is a good educated career-minded
do a damn thing
middle-class here and they're great on
paper but like there's just a major
humerus of like too much damn ego and
big fish in a little pond syndrome going
on here and it is sub veer to the point
that like I feel like DC is just full of
fuckboys Aquarius or Kappas and Pisces
for things I'm just not really
interested in doing I might give or take
on the Aquarian but all the rest is like
dudes we like this tall put it back hair
lines and they just think they are the
 that you should bow down and come
hither and I can't quite say that the
women are much better I feel like this
is perpetual cycle like everyone here
has a cut buddy a buddy
casual sex however you want a tournament
everyone here is participating in it
because we're all just like over the
lack of being able to get what we want
out of a relationship doesn't do any
good for people that are looking to
build Jenny relationships you know maybe
you can join a church movement like work
the way to something find you a boo dare
but otherwise you're just like if it's
rough even like I wasn't even looking to
date while I was out here but this has
been like the driest year of my entire
adult life so part of the reason why I
moved here was because I did want the
opportunity to build my YouTube channel
and I figured there would be being that
there is a decent-sized natural hair
community here and there are quite a few
big names and people with YouTube
channels and major blogs that live here
this would be a great opportunity to
move and I'm used to like the kind of
system of organic collaboration in that
you just you you always see someone out
you get to know them and then you
mutually both kind of come together and
think oh we great to collab you know
I've done what you can term as collabs
on my youtube channel but it hasn't ever
been like okay well I'm gonna collab
with you because I need more visibility
it's like no we're gonna collab because
we happen to like each other's content
and we work well together so let's do
this collab but that doesn't really
exist in DC I talk to people about and
they really well-made
we'll just competitive and this is a
give you the air of competition here but
it does just it's like an aloofness and
I think again it's a cycle thing people
do not invite you out to events I don't
even get it for a company to come out
here and do an event and in an effort to
market their brand and they not tell
anybody that they're doing an event here
and it's like do you just want to market
to your same ten friends like I don't
get how are we building a brand here
like how are we progressing here take
what happens is because no no one's
inviting you then you wonder like what
effort I'm not inviting no one because
acquaintances just socialize and have a
good time and build off that and it just
doesn't exist here maybe because people
live so far out like most people don't
even really live in DC people be lying
people be posturing on Instagram think
about I met Park on Wednesday night yeah
but you drove 45 minutes out to come I'm
like people that live out in the suburbs
here they don't live in DC even with
collaborate with people I mentioned on
various occasions to various people
about collaborating and it all kind of
comes down to like you doing all the
groundwork to make it happen
people don't genuinely want a collab
there's not a genuine effort and getting
things together and it just seems like
pedaling backwards like putting so much
work and trying to build a brand and
what you know the best way to build it
is through you know who you know and
organically kind of collaborating with
people without it being this force like
jewel Z and so and so collaboration so I
feel like there's a lost opportunity on
their part I don't necessarily want to
get into the comparing New York DC to
New York because it is apples and
oranges but I think the great equalizer
in New York is that everyone takes the
metro and so there's a certain sense and
opportunity to gain familiarity because
you always see people out and you know
you can move around social circles like
everyone here either they stick in their
cliques it's very very cliquey here
there's no balancing out that clique
eNOS and people have no problem calling
you and asking you for a favor though
and it's quite like really like I met
somebody in September they called me in
February asking me to introduce their
artist to an A&R that I know in New York
and I'm just like
oh that is that is um did I not meet you
like six months ago
have you called me since and I'm not
really into the club scene either I like
more like hanging out in gatherings and
house parties and you know social and
like opportunities you could turn up and
have a good conversation at the same
time that's smart of my steez and I just
really didn't find it here this is a
city of day parties and brunches and
those are okay brunches too damn
expensive here I'm not paying $50 for
nobody boozy brunch I'm trying to keep
this short so those are just my general
thoughts I might do a blog post further
breaking down kind of my opinion on DC
but under one with the city and I think
that largely to do with the big fish
little pond cliquey miss of the city
people just are able to kind of create
false sense of self and live in that and
so anything that would possibly break up
that false sense of self they're really
not F and with do you live in DC have
you lived in DC let me know your opinion
on it all my New York friends don't like
it here none of them like it here but
I'm interested in hearing other people's
thoughts and if you do like it what are
the things you like what makes the city
so special let me know maybe I need
another preview but no one's they've
been able to convince me XO let me know
in the comments down below thanks for
watching deuces go buy my booger why do
they bought again the reviews on Amazon
or am a Z and stay blessed while I stay
on bothering and have a wonderful day
Hey
