this is a read by kiss s straightener a
child-safe hot comb of sorts that goes
up to 450 degrees allowing you to snatch
those edges and lay down on roots my
hair has been stretched and moisturized
for about a week as I wore it braided
down under wigs and I'm just gonna add
some more moisturizer and the heat
protectant I have that half inch Barrow
a straightener and I'm going to just
part my hair into small sections and
then straighten my hair
originally I said this to 325 but I
didn't feel like it was getting the job
done really because I couldn't see what
I was doing so Suzanne if you find her
up my camera so I bumped it up to 375
and because it's a product this so
deceiving because you can't feel any
heat on your hair which is why I keep
laying on my scalp so I was like okay is
it long it had enough to straighten my
kinks I'm not even if you lay it down
upon your scalp you're just not going to
feel the heat from this product but it
is doing this job just going through my
hair section by section and I'm actually
gonna use this to straighten my entire
head which isn't that much because
obviously I'm cutting the bulk of my
hair off now for up close on the part of
the area of my head where I want to
catch these short hairs that fade up
into the longer section and as you can
see here I'm just gonna do this comb
right through it with a straightener
voila they do say that you can curl your
hair with this tool but I don't even
know how to function with a normal color
so I am just going to set my hair
overnight with magnetic rollers and then
comb those curls out into a pompadour of
sorts my hair did pop up a little bit
because I did not my hair properly when
I took a shower but I really like the
look and the overall texture of my hair
my hair just being able to like lay down
my edges and get to the roots without
burning myself or like doing way 200 a
daggone flatiron is marvelous if only
this was around my mother was burning
the ish off the tip of my ears with that
dime on straightening comb why not can
we take can we go back in time here
you can also use the s straightener to
flatten your losers perfection ladies
more details are in the description box
below including Babbo details thanks for
watching let me know your thoughts
it'd have been a long time since I heard
