hey guys it's josie and i'm here to show
you a super quick Dewey natural makeup
look so follow along first 750 minus x2
moisturizer and blending that with my
luster jobs and then just using my Sigma
this is an FTE like kabuki brush and
placing that all over my face and trying
to her how to angle this mirror so it's
not in the shot excuse you mean and of
course I just didn't think to put my
hands into the ponytail will get to the
head later on next I'm gonna brush up my
messy brows that need to be done but I
hate DC and I don't trust nobody on my
brows so we'll have to wait like it back
to New York I had this Anastasia dip
down Brown i am using this is dick dale
is anastasia brow gel like 25 hours I
got on my birthday from Sephora just so
I get the birthday gift and I'm gonna
take this back and keep the birthday in
case they come for free with it but I
end up liking it and just never getting
around going back to pentagon city to
return it so that's not what I'm using
on my brows and just filling in here
then I'm going to take my Milani
cosmedix i use love warm beige under my
eyebrow and then i use golden beige that
matches my actual complexion on top of
my brow just going in to clean up cuz
clearly time to get my brows did so
clearly talking but I'm school then 13
I'm just has a bed nine brushed I've had
since I was a theater major in college
blending that out with my finger blend
blend blend blend blend here next I'm
taking my painter Podge and Laura and I
stopped taking my mac painter pie I
think this is an okra not quite sure
color it is but yeah yeah then I'm going
to take my mac highlighter pen and light
booths click on fascism no melanin
and use that to highlight my face and I
blend it out with my blender he hit it
on my t-zone on my cheeks and in my
forehead to get that shot and I go to
take selfie the X I'm using my boy girl
mack brown gel this not only steals my
browsing but it gives it a nice
highlight to kind of cut it down
thinking of dark brown eye color man
doctor I'm gonna slightly contour with
an Imani foundation stick and call it
chocolate yeah girl and then blend that
all out i doing in my eye because i saw
somebody else on youtube do it in their
eye area and I thought I look cute
excite that I would try it now I'm
taking my NYX blush and Bordeaux I have
clay on my neck because I 10 just in a
clay wash part of this now i'm taking a
knicks um baked blush and a bright pink
color and adding this the apple of my
cheek and my NARS albatross to again add
some of that great black bronze you do
to my face this NYX pencil are liquid
liner actually bought during their
christmas sale and i thought i was gonna
give it to my mother but i ended up
loving it no i'm like almost out of it
and for all the free knicks makeup that
I've gotten I've not got another one of
these and I absolutely love it so it's
something that i will be buying again
just makes it so easy to apply your
eyeliner and i almost always always
always be cat eye and just makes it like
so simple next I'm taking my NYX milk
pencil and add to my under-eye to make
it bigger and then I'm lining my
waterline with and wax black pencil
taking a bit of that albatross again
adding it to the inside of my eye next I
am going to add a bit of that albatross
also to my cupids bow it's really
shallow i have their big round lips and
i went like you both to stay in a little
bit more that highlights it these are my
favorite lashes from red cherry I got
them from ik house and DW they actually
stacked I went in the bathroom and
applied those and I'm putting concealer
to read out the natural pink color of my
lips and
I really want to show you i'm applying
my favorite lip gloss that I gotta
become from bare minerals as their
marvelous moxie and smooth talker how
appropriate it's a beautiful beautiful
color once I'm you doubt my lips with a
concealer and apply just give us nice
peachy Chloe oh I can't explain how much
I love it and here's my all PG Show wig
that I love as well ptc 00 to absolutely
love it now applying my favorite and YX
collections mascara has a skinny of
Wands i have shallow wash it was perfect
for my little lashes um applying
spraying my knock off Mick stood plus
that I made myself it's rosewater
glycerin Albuera this won't notice
rosewater in glycerin spitting on my
face Lea's made great do and now I'm
finished my look here I hope you like it
i absolutely love this RPGSHOW wig it is
20 inches it was so good goodness i've
had it for about two months I've been
rocking the issue out of it hope you
like the look thanks for watching if you
like them you to get my videos be sure
to check out my sound Sunday blog post
photos ecomme why every Sunday I compile
a list of my favorite songs to a
playlist for y'all enjoying presents
this has been brought to you by le
ingram seed our song is like my
favorites of all time love it I'm rocket
to and I'm feelin myself thanks for
watching deuces
