you're supposed to be in spending time
there and if you're where you're
supposed to be you're never gonna like
you're missing out really care about the
development and growth and making sure
that they're being successful doing it
two ways to joining Teach for America
you can join our teacher Corps which
means that you're committing to teach
for two years in a local community
anywhere in the country the other way
you can think about Teach for America is
by joining our staff so whether you're a
seasoned professional or if you're
straight out of college and you want to
get some administrative experience you
can consider applying to our staff
absolutely I think Teach for America is
a fantastic organization one because
it's driven by a certain skill and
interest and involvement and belief in
core values right core values ranging
from diversity to leadership to
transformational change and this isn't
an organization that just talks about
for values but it actually believes in
them and the people that are working
there are working very hard to embody
and to live up to them
every day it is a place that I have
found you know you don't have to have
education experience to be successful
whether you're coming into the classroom
or for coming on staff I've got some
experience education experience in some
way it could be helpful to you when
you're thinking about the classroom
route because you're more familiar with
being in front of kids and you know
teaching and that sort of thing but they
are still obviously opportunities within
our organization where you get trained
and coached and supported to be the best
that you can and when you
your classes the mentors that I had it
shouldn't say have but the mentors I
still have I've always been someone who
is going to seek the outside help of
others and I've had fantastic women and
men who coached me throughout my
professional career I got involved in
leadership opportunities in my church in
my communities or other service projects
if there were opportunities at school to
do extracurricular activities those are
the things that pushed me as a young
person to understand more of my natural
skill set towards leadership it helped
me to build my skill around
communicating effectively with others
has just engaged with people have
problem-solve right in a productive way
and so I encourage people young adults
and then also people who are even
younger young teens to think about
narrow hi you're not just thinking about
school in a siloed way but you're
thinking about okay what can I do to be
involved in school and to give back and
to connect with other people because you
will start to see a trend in who you are
through that also I think benefited from
experiences like the one I'm in now so
I'm working with in my view and I met
there graduate school for public service
the Wagner School and it's a program
called ignite and it is a program that's
focused on growing the leadership
development of women of color
we've got mentors and partners are
taking classes webinars there have been
other formal sessions that we go through
and any opportunities like that that are
centered around the thing that you were
looking forward so for me it was
leadership development I found that
those programs that are formulated that
are formally designed right and have a
curriculum are very helpful because they
will push you so if you're feeling a
little lost a feeling where I'm gonna
start how do I get connected to
something I think one things you want to
do is look at people who are doing
similar to what you think you want to do
start to assess some people that you do
know even if you don't know them
personally but look them up on the web
right if you've seen them on television
before you've seen them in your
community you try to do a little bit of
research to understand their path and
then I would say from there use the
information you find on the Internet to
reach out connect you will find that
most people overwhelmingly are excited
and interested in helping someone else
they would love to answer questions you
have around like how did they get to
where they did what was challenging
about it what reads what specific
resources did they use right so was it a
link that they saw but articles that
they read those kinds of things so
people are very very open I think it's
about you know pushing yourself to look
up the information learning more about
the individuals that are where you want
to be and then working backwards from
there there is a there's a danger it
growver in now where social media
dictates so much of what we think is
cool forth acceptable or or even what
progress looks like and so the thing I
would encourage people to remember is
that what you're gonna see on the
instrument have facebook whatever you
will always be the most pleasant aspect
of someone's life and it's very it's not
going to be the standard that everyone's
gonna put all their dirt all their mess
out on Facebook and that was something I
had to remember because there was a time
I think when I was earlier in my career
and I had just moved to New York and I
was making some great progress but we're
seeing some things that my other friends
were doing still back in North Carolina
I could develop into their families and
that wasn't what I was doing like I
wasn't getting married at the time I
wasn't you know about to buy a house
because I was paying rent in New York
City and it was more expensive than
their mortgage and that was a lot to
process but the thing that helped me get
through comparing myself to someone else
was realigning myself
my purpose was like what is the thing
that I know God wants me to do what am i
immediately positioned to do to bring
into the world and that's what I'm gonna
focus on and if I focus on that I can
celebrate what else someone else is
doing in their unique way and contribute
to that and not be worried about oh it
looks like she's doing this or he's
doing this and I'm not can't be worried
about that I am very proud that I groans
the place where the whole FOMO thing you
know that we hear about the fear of
missing out I think I'm I'm shedding
that skin like I just I love this New
York City out of no that's being in your
30s or what have you but at some point
you just realized life is a cycle there
will be ups there will be downs there's
gonna be a lot of really really really
cool stuff that you'll get to do it's an
epic love and you don't have to be at
every brunch at every party and every
concert at every premiere to experience
a great life and so again I think it's
about finding out where you're supposed
to be in spending time there and if
you're where you're supposed to be
you're never gonna feel like you're
missing out and that clicked with me
about I'd say a year or two ago I
realized someone else would say it was
the best night of their life I'm sure it
was that's great I didn't have to miss
it it's cool
hard work mattered and when I say our
work mattered I don't mean hard work in
the sense of the colloquial chloride
hashtag I'm on it hashtag
putting in work all that and I would
love to see more of is the behind the
scenes work of what it really takes to
be successful so the real hard work and
the Brian not just the hashtags when it
looks great the you know the after
effects or the symptoms of working hard
I want to see what is it taking for
people to get to where they are so other
people can see that the data if they're
going through that seems to be annoying
redundant and just not the little you
know not glorious it matters but that's
the day-to-day so that actually gets you
to where you're supposed to be I want
people to feel that this is what I
thought this is uniquely tied to me I
want people to feel really good and hear
more about what happens when people are
to be who they are they're not
pretending to be someone else they're
not you know putting on a cloak that
someone else has given them to hide who
they are but the more that we are
genuinely ourselves and that we live
according to the purpose as you need
within us we are liberating other people
to do the same thing and so that is what
I want to see more of my biggest
inspiration is seeing other people be in
their sweet spot as I say my mom and I
use this term but it is just when I see
someone who is feeling very very joyous
you can see that it's almost like sparks
are flying off their body because
they're just in their a zone I love it
if you're a school teacher you're
connecting with kids and teaching them
new concepts in a way that just might
fill up or you know you're coaching
someone in a particular area and you're
getting it I'm so motivated by that I
love being on people who are where
they're supposed to be because it just
reminds me that I can do the same thing
so when to say that jovian has unique
ability to tap into the authenticity
that lies within and that she creates a
very vulnerable and honest relationship
between others and because of her
ability to do that she pushes people to
be their best selves the best version of
who they are I want everyone to remember
that life has its ups and downs it's
absent flows some days it would be
beautiful the other days it'll be ugly
and that is a fact I'm good as affect it
doesn't matter if you live in Columbia
South Carolina or you live in New
Hampshire or you're living in Miami
Beach it's tough and but it will also be
glorious sometimes and because of that
there's no reason to compare and to
think that what you're seeing out there
in the world is exactly what you have to
have for years now but we're all living
while some of our lives and some aspects
they're different and we all have
different challenges and the things that
could seem exciting to one person may
also be very born to the next because
it's their routine it's the reality
motivated by the fact that the things
that you're doing that you know are part
of your purpose and then a part of your
responsibilities to be successful you're
focused on them so generate energy
towards the things that are lining with
your purpose and don't worry about
trying to compare yourself to someone
else's life or dull someone else's life
because I will tell you the moment that
you try to steal someone else's shine
and take him out is the exact moment
that you look dull I ran up on her on
the street because I really feel like
she's inspirational to so many of us
myself included who might just kind of
feel a little caught up in life and
feeling a little stagnant or inertia has
taken over you don't want me to go so
not help the patient huh
