oh I won the fight job but don't mess I
might make up though cuz I'm cute
tonight all right so let's get into this
heated argument about cardi B and if she
black
I am jewels II had smart brown girl in
charge and go ahead and thumbs up
because whether you like it love it or
don't agree at all likely what is you're
probably not gonna be at all but like
you're still engaged in a critical
dialogue and that's what we are here for
and of course subscribe if you know know
hit that Belva notifications cuz you
know my upload the schedule don't be die
regularly and we tried walking made me
go but seriously though i think the
conversation around cardi B and
blackness is really attempting to ask a
plethora of other questions about racial
identity and privilege which is trauma
that we don't have the language to a be
discuss and when I think of all the
characters that have populated in this
space cardi really isn't that offensive
to me and it feels like it's more of a
question because of what people are
trying to project onto her whether is
that they want to herald her as
empowering or criticize her as demeaning
which has been why I keep saying I don't
need cardi B to be black I enjoy her
regardless race is a social construct
that benefits Western imperialism
meaning race was constructed by the
colonizers to benefit their bank
accounts what was meant to be a thing
that just allowed colonizers to twist
the Bible to say that they had a
scripturally ordain right to capture
enslave and plunder the land and people
of Africa the Americas and Asia Wow the
whole world race has evolved into
something much greater than even they
expected there or how we view race it
heavily varies depending on social
context so let let us let us let us skip
the pillows right and let's back up a
little bit here we do not have the power
of language on our side all purpose if
raised was constructed to benefit
imperialism and white supremacy why then
with the language that we use to discuss
race we have any benefit to the
oppressed if we are meant to be kept
oppress does that make does that make
sense it's kind of touched on this with
the cardi versus a valium video
other things but cardi very good but
it's purposeful that discussing race is
so confusing
think about what slavery was it was this
major architecture that transported
millions of Africans from the coast of
West Africa to new lands throughout the
Americas norms South and the Caribbean
okay that the colonizers themselves were
often unfamiliar with I recently
listened to the revolutions podcast a
season that covered the Haitian
Revolution and oh do I mean his wife II
hella boring wit was very insightful and
he took his time breaking down how the
class system in Haiti was structured
around race and how that heavily
impacted the revolution and subsequent
government it's like it benefited a
slave revolt being successful but it
ensured that they were always stifled
you know after listenin to that I
realized how much this ish was meant to
be confusing on purpose in order to
subjugated people that at times
outnumbered the white folk you stripped
someone of an ethnic and cultural
identity and replace that with phenotype
based racial markers you have a never
ending argument Niki's black folks
divided black folks been in America for
over five hundred years and we just came
up with the term of African American in
the late 80s that folks will fight you
overnight because they don't want to be
called that it's really not all that
unifying because all sorts of folks even
though I'm an academic level how
arguments about what African American
the term either who gets to call
themselves a oh it'd be so messy that
way then plenty of people don't realize
African Americans have a distinct
cultural identity even some African
Americans themselves search black
American confused on Twitter and see how
race is used to demean us by our cousin
from the Diaspora us not having the
language discuss the nuances of racial
identity means any conversation in that
context outside of academic spaces
quickly devolves into a divisive
argument leaving us with no progress
being made and ultimately defying white
supremacy so when you put together us
not having access to the language to
productively discuss and that race is
heavily informed by varying social
context we each hold what I'm trying to
do here is give y'all something to think
a little bit deeper while saying this is
an argument where I cannot push for my
opinion as firmly right or even like
more on the right side this is more of a
let's just all think about how we think
about it
it's fine if you think I'm wrong
societally we tend to rely on feta and
saying that someone looks black as a
marker for who gets to be black which is
faulty is ass because yeah
aside from someone who is generally a
darker skin tone with kinky hair
anything outside of that social context
is that it again a New Yorker
Californian or Louisiana
really I say look from so I heard
Louisiana Louisiana but any of those
people likely have a much broader
context for what they view as firmly
identifiably black Benno type then say
someone from South Carolina or Missouri
also depends on like travel and where
people have been to different black
communities they've been able to
experience there's a whole history
lesson on why that is informed by what
European countries colonized the parts
you from you know like various parts of
America and how they viewed
miscegenation wherever there it's French
influence there is likely an entire
class and acne group of mixed-race
people that are clearly identified and
have a name to call themselves first in
the area is a Spanish colonized you'll
see a high admin admixture you'll see a
high mixture of race that is technically
classified by the classic church a it
just gives me CAF breath there's another
season on revolutions about the
Venezuelan or something else this is to
men's just too much and then the British
colonies had hefty miscegenation laws
penalizing the mixing of race and
keeping it from becoming an acceptable
thing until really like post Vietnam War
so not to get into too much of a history
lesson but even within the States a lot
of us had a view phenotype differently
depending on where we from and this
extent of the Caribbean and Africa so is
you thoroughly confused yeah cuz I got
Jules II just get to the daggone point
you think our TV is black or not what
are your arguments it's like white white
is it with all that I've said and I have
said this before
I generally step away from policing ones
race that means a person with a reason
cuz no Rachel Dolezal but if a person
says that they are black based on their
ancestry I take them at their word for
it cardi when asked about her race says
she is latina
afro latina even when positioned about
around her use of the n-word you know
she's still just as like well you know
I'm close enough to that community I
always dated black guys she herself say
she's black um and she tends to just
list her nationalities Dominican in
Trinidad Ian I know there are black
people in both countries
there's also solid non black communities
in those countries it's like when hey
Fran hey is asked about her race she
says she's black by race and clarifies
that she's Haitian Puerto Rican into
Medicaid so I see Fran as a black woman
when sun kissed out was asked about her
race she just say she's Dominican so I
don't see her as black even though she
very likely has some sort of African
ancestry I wouldn't really be surprised
but my social contact is informed by
spending a lot of time in Washington
Heights at my Nana's house and being
heavily snubbed by a particular class of
Dominicans as a child and I see
phenotype wise cardi as part of that
class like Monica style Muse I see her
as black and therefore afro latina
because she's by nationality Dominicans
but the classes that many kids that I
see cardi is being a part of was
oppressive to the class that I see
Monica being a part of within being both
of them still being Dominican and this
is all based on my experience of dealing
with specifically New York City
Dominicans that's the lens that colors
my social context and you know that
doesn't necessarily make it right cardi
says she's Dominican and Trini and talks
about the Dominican family that she grew
up with in the Bronx I'm thinking about
the years that this particular dominant
class of Dominicans from the Bronx and
Washington Heights but to not be seen as
black what they then did to their only
class of black Dominicans and so now
that being black is cool and there's a
profit to gain it's like we're not going
to talk about how families for
generations consciously try the European
I say bloodlines everyone is black now
you know I'll talk about what how you
used to talk about oh oh okay Wow yes
I've seen the picture of her hair
brushed out curly hair can be brushed
out to look kinkier white womens can do
it too and what's that make them because
remember when y'all was mad about that
shea moisture ad or the white women who
was posted on curly Nicki
remember she took her french braids out
and realized her hair was a little a
little bit
hello buddy can't get it so she felt
like natural hair experience hmm is he
even I'm being Petty and this is like
the lack of access to language to really
discuss this because really we we try to
have all these other conversations but
only have the language to ask these very
basic questions and lo what do you get
us nowhere in all seriousness it's more
about taking old girl at her word
because yes I'm a Latina is a thing you
know and I generally just leave it at
she's racially ambiguous because there's
not a clear answer on what her race is
and I don't need to project identity on
her and nor do I need her to take an
ancestry DNA test i girl you know
calling someone racially ambiguous is
not shaved christopher spell my name
right when you talk about me sir okay
with someone can decide how the world
racially identifies them that's racial
ambiguity and yes I know
depending on how I wear my or my wigs
some people might say I am racially
ambiguous as well but I did spend a lot
of time above 125th Street and know
people do not generally come up to me
speak in Spanish unless I have a curly
weave in generally it's only in very
specific sort of circumstances I promise
you nobody thought I was latina in Cuba
people usually confront me thinking I'm
African and either way it really don't
hurt my feelings
somebody saying I'm racially ambiguous
cuz I could just inform a message I'm
definitely black American there's no
other room I can walk into and be
accepted as a member of that race black
I don't know if that's the same
experience for cardi and when asked
about it again I just take her out of
where she falls back on being simply
latina on the ambiguity black and white
are not the only race the Carib to the
Americas was inhabited by indigenous
peoples that did not just disappear into
the wind or stay entirely separate from
others Spaniards have a long history
with the Arabs and the more so typically
unless someone can say this grandparent
was black I don't view them as black but
I don't invest in telling them what they
are or aren't you know just like I'm
sure by plenty of people's social
context cardi looks black you know me
personally I already see a she
definitely you know
looks not white to me like not Northern
Europeans but she low-key when I like
think of like Spanish art from like the
period you know like the paintings or
the artwork you see from like 1600
Spanish people I think she don't look
too far away from them to be honest but
you know all that I cannot say whether
she is black or not I leave it at cardi
B is whatever race she claims to be and
yes that is a privilege well we are
asking if cardi B is black we are likely
digging at something much deeper they
had little to do directly with Belk
Elise did you enjoy this discussion did
you engage did you leave a comment down
below don't worry I know why you're
judging you'll be polite time without a
whole essay girl get that syntax
together are sir go ahead a gauge you
know we've only level respectful the
mayor argument yet don't leave yet
because you're definitely gonna click
for the next video to watch and have
another discussion another conversation
you know these are fun it's cool thanks
for watching do this
