all right miss Josie and start gonna do
something a little bit different from a
hair video today weapon quick elbow in
New York City but Cory let's heat who
I've known since my days in the music
industry very long time so she come back
they broke my heart and so Brad but
we're gonna do a little video and we're
gonna provide some inspiration for all
you young ladies out there and then for
whatever industry you want to get into
because Cory has made something out of
nothing and uses creativity to be a very
dope songwriter
you probably heard a song is written you
probably sing it probably love it so
alright so let's talk about a song that
you've written I'm not gonna be in the
video you're gonna hear me
the song that you've written that you
think a lot moving down you know what
song I'm referring to it sees me yet
sees me have a look yeah I wasn't gonna
go to the studio that day I remember
her to be and I really didn't know like
who had producer or a part of this body
to feel that it just like I just started
singing like an inner just like one team
and after that you start pouring out I
just I thought about my father
like most black men they don't really
know how to communicate so true I mean
still and music initially for a lot of
people was a way of communicating like a
do one to talk today while I'm in might
have heard it girl they will play a song
like this outfield
yeah
nowadays sometimes not good enough uh my
dad you know when older brothers we
really didn't say I love you alive and
stuff like that I even with my mom he
was a great provider
of course
and I watch them I love but you had to
be humble enough to ask your party like
whoever you live
and what am I not doing right so we tell
me carbonizing like we really thought
about little producers fulfilling carbon
- green producing writers too
about like that was just missing so me
personally I did I wrote like four
records for five records like all and
the other columns in my music solely to
tapped in today and now is the run
record I didn't think they were gonna
take because it was too personal
and then I got you know
feedback from a label I know this is
gonna be the same like a whatever let's
do that was like my first I make my
record so I'd never know I didn't still
know once it our release party came in
really I didn't know that it was gonna
be big like that
then actually that's exclude me in a
direction of knowing
where to go like tap into in order to
connect with me
you've done something that's kind of
really great it's art like taking your
creativity and being able to making your
career like something you're passionate
about so you get to wake up in the
morning and do something that you love
but kind of like what were the struggle
is to get into that point and kind of
how did you really kind of stay
passionate okay really
and you know being a little crazy right
and just having like a no-quit lose like
attitude don't forget you we face so
much rejection and so much you know and
it's not real
I just I got too far in it to determine
I loved it got to open the doors so true
I walk away from situations and I've
been able to make a living you know like
taking advantage of people and not doing
stuff that I don't it's not worldly
where I'm square out what I believe in
and stuff like that can i I've not been
able to connect and have longevity doing
that so I'm going to continue that and I
had great mentors along the way
my father you know take Pendergrass he's
my first manager
Sam I can't even know where he was or
this cultural significance at all until
like I grew up in vitamin okay teddy is
this man
everybody respect him they're talking
about him in these movies and they refer
to like like lovemaking songs and she
like you know yeah like that that whole
genre that whole way of singing like men
sound like men and like really singing
like I never knew that that was way like
where it came from you know he told me
like you know you read where you from
like he never left if I hide him a
success he never left Philadelphia and
that meant a lot to me I'm like moment
where you felt like my stagnant but
those are times and I tell I tell
everybody that's like throw anything
created or entrepreneurial whatever take
time to take time and use that time to
grow if it was non-stop then you didn't
have a
and it's being you
so I mean I had to learn it
you know you get a little frustrated at
times I know
ain't nobody taking my music but I
literally had a song that I shot in one
year and even two years later some I
wanted and the person that I played it
for it
thank you in English am but it just like
you can't you just gotta create create
and be creative it just no it was not in
Europe in your heart and in your soul
that your launches will be doing for
the pan that you need to take and don't
do it and I know life but God has showed
me the time
age in the age of social media and I
mean even before that kind of like pop
culture we kind of feed until I can
imagine a presentation like what we
aspire to me or what like some people
are living and kind of you know what is
you think the biggest misconception that
people have especially with like
Instagram being so prevalent and
especially looking at like a lot of
celebrities and music artists and kind
of how they live not wishing we could
live like that um the reality is with
all of those those those are media
platforms that people put out where they
want you to see so often some people are
really won't tell you like you know how
the press they are
they put up a facade right and then it
started just like a little fool
is literally living through somebody
else's
no idea which we should be or who you
are and it's really not true so it's a
bad message
nobody want to take responsibility for
whatever the exam is going on there I've
had expanding or whatever and is leaving
people with little people this is their
their more role models this is their
their Bible basically you know like yo
this is usually do and missus but it
have dual reeow real half the cars of
these look like and the people are not
happy relation to be right in there be
not happy at all and you know they've
literally invalidate themselves on how
many likes they got yellow Allah do you
think there's a common mistake that
people make in pursuing their dreams
the common thing
my butt is totally like sometimes I
think they feel like that
they make all based on how much money on
the
I know like like you're going to give me
to desert
desire and gap like you want to get
between
if you stick to your goals and that
people think you got to take advantage
of people in music industry in business
you need to do all these different crazy
things you know sell your soul yeah I
mean part see you hear how many people
say I'll do whatever it takes that don't
take that much it takes that you need
that set make sacrifices fun that make
sense to you that you only may know
you you stand away from something that
that's best as that's not constructive
to you
and all the you know maybe might be a
drug habit it might be something that
you have some type of addiction or
whatever all addiction to what people
think which is something something that
people struggle with expressing now in a
social media age you know and get over
it and if you get over that then you'll
be blessed and that's like it's all it's
all about money or sometimes that's not
it's not
that's really like the addiction to what
people think I think that's something
that is what she liked especially in
like the age of social media is very
prevalent and that we kind of so get
caught up and how everybody else
oversees us and hi everybody else sees
us that we kind of just you stop living
in 3d image in de Bresse it's like they
live so far people like how many people
you know what they're not in a moment
they're not even they're not in the
present like they don't they not then
that dealing with life you know I I talk
to my parents like there are people
about it because that's we all have to
anybody's not going to church
everybody's not going to my house
everybody's not praying everybody not
dealing with how do you feel deep inside
so that's what we have to we have to you
know my platform is
help people open our money your favorite
artists that you work with tell wise who
had to be Jasmine seller it's not work
world like a while ago right and now the
song like people never even heard the
song I've never seen anybody I really
not practice
I was kind of like man how the game she
should like give me a hard way to go cuz
I got it and when the movement singing I
acted believe it and it was incredible
you have any upcoming projects where you
may get your music single for bloopers
the pilot the filly seen but he's from
Canada from Toronto and he has a single
doubt now
actually it was came out a couple days
ago
God can't say love can't say letter do
you have any personal pockets coming out
I'm going to Philadelphia like part two
and I might stay at the EP baby I miss
you all
the existing listen if he extended play
I will have it linked to the first one
like you have it I do listen to it and
I'm working on my mom like my novel like
like my focus like the freaking like I
just want to make the best project
I got me every project I strive to make
the best project but it's a prize I've
been working up for a minute on daily
life and to me like some of the songs
have been given another artist since I
started in Blair
I'm caught on video I put up everything
on my soundcloud I got down cloud as
Latifah music Twitter I'm Cory lot - cor
he y la ti f Facebook hit me about your
day you can follow me I'll follow you
bet well that's a lofty cuz I check out
Cory leti all his legal immunity we were
in the video and ha all his links will
be down below the description box you
like them on Facebook you know follow
them on Twitter Instagram whatever yep I
don't know what the word camera was
understand real lyrics okay pearl
that's my movie Oh hurl so it's what
what does that say all right heroes
understand real lyrics literature and
love literature and that we get deep
Rodie check back more we'll have more
details posted on black a kitchen calm
thanks watching
you
