hey guys it's jewel Z okay so to start I
have a wig on that I made it's Indian
hair I ordered it on Aliexpress Alibaba
one of them size gone Oh relieved you
know what it did ship from in the
whether or not it's really Chinese hair
a young kid not guarantee we don't know
why do I feel like my right side is
shadowy um let me fix my this is what I
spray also 11 p.m. this is what I get
recording is late at night wears well
the frontal I don't really feel like was
the best quality or yeah mmm cuz i oh i
plucked it and maybe i will put a little
too harsh me brought over plucked it
pluck straight holes into it then when I
applied it yesterday it wasn't thinking
to keep it on but I just glued it I
didn't do my balding cap method I did a
really shoddy job so this week has slid
like all the way back oh my head because
I was walking outside the day in the
stylist 85-degree weather it is
summertime it is here so I'm gonna take
you off tonight I want to go ahead and
give a try to my vanity planning BB flow
they're the ones bringing you to get
ready with me video it's a P P flow it's
basically like a hairbrush straightener
it came in some really cute packaging of
course I have a coupon code great regul
exciting percent of all girls something
wow so much I thought I was gonna be a
blow dryer like a hair brush blow dryer
but it's really like more like a brush
like a hot comb as type thing even
smells like a hot comb it comes in two
heat settings I think it's like 350 and
410 blue light is 350 and then if I hit
it again it will start to heat up to 4
tank now I have used this on my real
hair I will insert a clip here on my
real hair I only use it at 310 and so
did it was more of like a really quick
blow-dry effect like it got it like blow
dry as straight real fast and so for
that I like it I'm sure if I pumped it
up to 410 I probably could've got it
straighter but uh direct he own you
world cause I mean we're talking about I
was just trying to try it out and be
lazy but I'm let's see okay let's try
410 we're gonna get risky boo this auto
turns off if you leave it on for 60
minutes it has an auto off feature so
you won't burn your house down with it
it smell like it about to do something
do something okay oh okay it's just
actually the texture that I want to get
this at obviously if you want to get
your hair bone straight you're gonna
have to use a flatiron what plates on it
so like pull it down straight but this
is great for like either touch-ups in
between flow your hair out quicker now I
do have a blow-dryer that has similar
combs to this but for whatever reason
the combs are really really short and
it's kind of harder to grab on fine hair
like this so I use this often even
though I'm like breath I'm lazy I'm sure
if I did it in small pieces I get it
straighter bleah I'm like one of these
people this is all nothing to do and I
get the results that I went with these
okay talk about all the things people
have been requesting at me that I have
no intentions of doing all right I'm led
to a bait trailer of you I'm just
Holloway and Loki like oh I have poor
time management skills y'all I'm like a
put my eggs all in one basket so I have
a 20-18 critter for change no that's
actually not taking up a lot of time as
of yeah yeah I did do a keynote speech
fortunately every time I do these
speeches they don't never let me I would
never get public video for it cuz always
NDA's involved they're like it's
internal I did two speeches one for
YouTube insider and one for Google brand
summit they both are on the same day and
so it took up a lot of time prepping for
that that and like trying to get this
podcast together I know in Frank I can't
fail can't funny enough it see this is
what I'm talking about the week that's
the old away big so Donald Glover
I haven't even watched a video it's just
like the little bit of clips I see
stressing me out all this discussion
around and I'm just like oh my gosh it's
just too overwhelming um people keep
asking I know about my video being in
the Rachel Dolezal documentary no they
didn't not ask no I did not know until
it was put up on Netflix is wack no
I'm not happy about it it literally does
nothing for me there's nothing for me to
be proud about thanks for y'all pride
though but I'm just annoyed oh I should
tell you okay so I know I even talking
about this fuck-boy series for forever
and I didn't get around and doing it
because the person who
literally inspired it was like platonic
friend we friends again and again and
it's it's interesting just to see how
this like I'm gonna call it like not a
relationship in like I don't feel it's
fair to call him particularly a fuck-boy
even though I know he was emotionally
using me and we have discussed this but
I still like him as a person
like what was what would be the female
equivalent of this right would I still
be friends with a woman who did the
equivalent of this to me but I can't
figure out what will be the equivalent
right like no because I feel like have
had friends you know I did the whole
video about the strong friend I have had
friends who emotionally use me but if
they're consistent and they're there in
the same ways that he's been there right
that he's reliable or whatever we're
gonna skip the foundation but yeah
either I wear fenty what is this 3:40 a
blind a box out or I use Dior foundation
which I absolutely love like people tend
to use me as a therapist and as long as
like when I speak up and say something
to them if they you know give some some
sort of compassion or understanding then
I'm not gonna end the friendship um so I
haven't ended the friendship with him
you know it was a little awkward though
because I do it I did had a conversation
with the fake that like he'd be
complimenting me not like a platonic
envoy and his point was that yes he's
attracted to me so no it's not
technically platonic and feeling but
it's platonic in action Oh okey-dokey
sir I'm retort to that was like alright
well that just means we have a sort of
friendship that if either of us ends up
in a relationship we're not gonna be
friends no more no on my part
I wouldn't have a problem he had a
girlfriend I don't think his
girlfriend's will be comfortable with me
because of the way he talks to me and
talks about me um and I don't think he'd
be come to avoid a boyfriend it was like
yeah you know I would have to readjust
the who ended up a new relationship okay
I need to set this with powder is it
even any point in baking if I'm not
wearing foundation f it I've been baking
because I bought the powder I bought the
laura mercier translucent powder let's
get into this I so I did a really cute I
the other day wearing a lot more
eyeshadow because I got the
via palette in The Masquerade mini the
colors are really vibrant some of them
like the either have to use your finger
or wet the brush in order to pick up
some of the vibrancy in the color I'm
just gonna use Burkina lubricant a babe
a Thomas Sankara we're gonna just put
that right in the middle
speaking of Thomas Eckhardt I have this
book something about the liberation and
women's women's movement and I've been
reading it when I went on a ski trip
like last year and I was actually
staying in the room with the girl who
plays sam on dear white people
who can I reach her book now I know who
she was cuz I watched at vh1
cheerleaders show but I didn't realize
she had been kissed and indeed white
people then when I saw the web I was
like oh what her character I've seen her
since then but this isn't a dear white
people
full loot from Burkina to Sin Cara to
dear white people
this season I dear white people was
really good I watched it the other well
I watched it over the past week and I
was I really really enjoyed it my
favorite episode I think was Lionel's
episode like 'fuck nuances I like the
gay community just because it's like a
lot of the things I remember hearing
from my best friend William who does
who's black a hard bottom and does not
date other black men but even like that
racism that happens and the like just
kind of like the way I like the way the
show showed like how even though we are
so many of us can be a part of oppressed
communities we do willfully oppress
others not so much I'm saying gay men a
black gay men oppress others but like
the white gay boys and their racism
right so next I'm gonna take Lisa and
this entire looked him about or accident
cuz I had an idea in my head and I just
stayed next to know how to execute it
but I definitely did it with my fingers
so I just take my ring finger and then
spread that on up but I'm reviewing an
entire season of a Netflix show it's
just like I don't know how to format in
a way that where I like what I'm putting
out and I did review a season of hey
gobo who is ouzo a Java according to
Wikipedia whose old monk in Dahlonega
aduba is an American actress what show
was she hey Google what show was she on
leuthar dubas TV shows include orange is
the new black okay okay you can stop
girl hey girl you stop thank you
it was orders will do why would I wear
that black girl Oh Bobby okay
so that's that we have it on our eyes
now okay and then the next thing we're
gonna do is take this Becca palette I
didn't even know Becca did a collab with
Chrissy Teigen I really like their
highlighters so much so that I packed
them all in Mexico and then to lose them
it so I replaced this at the Sephora in
Mexico all right and then we're gonna
take our finger again and we're gonna
rub it into the champagne color it is
Beach nectar and we're literally just
going to push that into the eyelid and
and that's the look okay that's the eye
and then next what really makes the eye
pop is some eyeliner I feel like a
winged eyeliner it just makes everything
look so much more decadent than it
really is
it kind of hides that I really just
smeared eyeshadow what my fingers on to
my eyelid and there we go it's okay so
back to opal tonic homeboy so we had
this whole conversation about
complementing and then that came in to
the whole like well it's not platonic
and feeling but it's platonic
interaction all right sure sir
you could be the sadomasochistic your
emotion so then I saw him again
the other night when I had this look and
because we had had the conversation
about complementing he complimented me
once cuz I think he walked in to pick me
up somewhere and I don't think he
recognized me because my hair was
different night this is like I had a
full beat on which I normally don't we
hang out I usually don't have any makeup
on when I see him kind of like mumbled a
compliment like oh wow you look really
nice didn't bring it up again like okay
you learned something
you take it you taking notes you say we
went to a restaurant and we were the
only like was one other person in the
restaurant we definitely the only black
people well the game was on and there
was a black sportscaster but he
commented all her like her hair like the
fact that her hair was in corals it look
cute though and they may be like five
minutes later me and black women are
just so beautiful that is the most
beautiful creatures in the world
I was like oh you think the black
sportscaster is beautiful
I think like black women black women are
just it is so beautiful and I'm cackling
because I know he wants to compliment me
again but he can't and I think he's just
torturing himself I enjoy his company so
i'ma let him torture himself he always
looks so sad you see my problem bill
ain't my problem I didn't do it to you
somebody commented on my college story
this guy coverman commented on my
college story video who I definitely
swiped left on on tinder and I was
cackling so hard do you think it really
be finding me okay well that's that all
right let's see do we have mascara no I
forgot my mascara - all right I'm gonna
get my powder I'm at my scary I'll be
right back so can I say I really did not
expect my college video should be as
like resonate with so many people as
they did I think I'm like why did I even
think to put that video up I feel like I
was talking well maybe I was talking to
Holly's about how I think black women
are just trained to absorb a lot of
trauma and act like that is normal
and so I was thinking to myself I think
that kind of spiraled into like dang
maybe I should talk about my college
experience
so these Lily lashes we Cano's are
popping I bought my son Sephora I've
worn them like a million times because
these are thicker heavier lashes they
you have to apply them come right you
can't have no gaps between your last and
the last four girls girl day is so
poppin just wait just wait a young thug
gave into buying the $30.00 lashes and
they really are life-changing they are a
bit more difficult to put on so I'm
thinking if you are just a beginner our
Dells are lovely but I will get the are
down double ups and 207 or the demi
whispies up or studio effect lashes and
work your way up cause ain't no point in
spending this kind of money and you
can't get the lashes on correctly look
looking like a brand new snack we ain't
even put our uh blush on like a snapchat
filter yet looking like a whole snack
okay so I love this ombre from soft
flush I don't even know if NYX
it but I tell you're doing my blush like
a snapchat filter brings me so much okay
all right she killed okay
now we need a highlight all right so the
other night I didn't put on diamond glow
sugar Danny and artist Couture which we
can now dance before just putting out
people real I still don't have my page
all right I tried to go buy it at the
starting of the day and they really can
carry it in store yet there's no take to
sugar daddy
oh why is this so dark oh my gosh this
is almost like a star goes on the bronze
not long I don't know how to really
apply this but it's just their skin
bomb.com bomb calm and I let me just
take it and rub it over when the
highlight would be but I feel like I'm
also just making everything so I always
have to go out my mind it does something
you know in reality the verdict might
still be out now Becca sent me their
whole line oh don't even have the
packaging I've taken like a lot of
colors I wake up and they sent me their
whole line of glow log alright my
allergies are kicking my behind so I had
like the little crusty my nose was dry I
don't be starting overnight there this
is a glow boss in camellia and it's like
super pink and I just feel like this is
that we inspire our face I use my Urban
Decay go back to the makeup setting all
nighter seeing if I was better at time
management I would have a video ready to
report after this I couldn't put his
face to good use
all right you see that dried it right up
but this is the final look let me know
your thoughts I really hope the shadow
let me know your thoughts in the
comments down below I asked several
questions I hope you answered at least
one of them and let me tell you black
women please I be looking at these
youtubers with younger audiences and the
way their audience engages them stop
lurking you comment anyway bye you know
my gonna judge you enjoy the fine as
long as you respectful and nice you know
hey I'm just like damn you have a
boulder black on my audience yeah you're
all I still just lurk hard as how you
get all the emails all the DMM lolo talk
about the way people love you you fire
them but like when i hear from you more
i know better what to do content wise
right like if i hear more from y'all as
always thank you for watching be sure to
hit the thumbs up button as always you
can shop smart brown girl I still have
the vinyl decals you can put them on
your graduation cap or on your laptop
we're just decorate your binder or
whatever well wouldn't say going they're
gonna be gone and I'm down like my latex
paint so get you yours
