I asked before where all the black girls
in the creative industry now I'm looking
for the solutions to close this gap on
why blacks are so disparate in the
creative industry one of my goals in
2018 is to create more engaging videos I
still meet at the intersection of pop
culture and historical context for smart
brown girls what that means is I want to
do more heavy topics in a way that is
visually stimulating I sit here and I
talk so now it's time to elevate from
background noise and help with the fact
that I talk sodium fast and I know I'm
background noise because I know y'all
put me on the TV and do y'all chores and
they just hear me yet yet yeah recently
I put out a call for graphic designers
and motion graphic artists since I'm
about smart Brown girls I've been
looking for smart brown girls who I can
bring on that help them grow their
business while helping this smart brown
girl brand to grow and with some of the
responses I have received I do I do have
some concerns what I do know is that we
do not get a lot of access I have shared
my own story in my first video on this
topic on being an art major in college
and subsequently changed my major out of
fear of being a starving artist because
I did not have a community that
supported me and all I ever heard was
that I was going to be a starving artist
so then for those of us in our school we
largely do not have the communal support
that would allow us to have the
financial footing or just general
opportunities to explore our aesthetics
and grow our creative ability then the
motions graphics thing in the heart
black women are just are not visible
I've been asking around I need an actor
if that person who is there already
books who understand the social issues I
am trying to create a critical dialogue
around won't be mystified by the data
that I want to extrapolate and how to
enhance that visually how can we build
but within this quagmire I have found
inspiration because the one person I did
know whose name constantly came up
whenever I asked for a recommendation
and I definitely wanna highlight her
because her work is inspiring in a way
that would be great for swap around
girls to absorb not just for the ones
who are into arts but for the mother is
wondering how to guide their children
and let their creativity flow into
stable career
is an info graphics designer and design
justiceadvocate she works with
nonprofits and community groups to
explore compelling explainers that break
down complex service and policy
information if you spend any time on
Facebook especially within this
political climate you've seen videos
from major news outlets that have the
cool animations breaking down data and
statistics so that we can visually
understand what they were reporting on
and when the Atlantic or eji breaks down
how mass incarceration impacts the black
community you could have also just read
the new Jim Crow I mean oh how many
pages is this well it's only 250 but
girls look at the fine can you see so
you see the importance of design here
and making facts and data very very
important information digestible I met
Jessica at Adobe MAX
and I have been obsessed with her ever
since she is an Adobe Creative resident
something you too can totally apply for
and you should totally follow her own
Instagram
she's a series called designing from the
margins it is everything smart brown
girl I feel like somehow she's just
visually in my mind and I am as a young
and say shook it and you could get for
free so as part of my Adobe Creative
residency I've been going all over the
country teaching people not only how to
make infographics but how to bed
principles of conscious and responsible
design and that and data equity into
that work but one thing I ended up
creating is a way to kind of help
designers who may be new to the space of
infographics come up with a layout is
this tool right here we use math and
design and so today I wanted to focus on
of moments
I know I needed this but look at me
asking where all the black girls in the
creative industry that isn't just about
physically finding one or some but also
considering what is blocking and
stopping us not being able to explore
the vastness and possibilities in
pursuing a design career not
understanding the importance and
intelligence that goes into design to
demote graphic design is simply creating
flyers and business cards and not seeing
the math and science that is within
design and the math and science that
could not survive without design
Jessica's work is so important
Adobe has released creativity diversity
disconnect a report looking to
understand how race and gender impact
creative professionals and their
education and careers
Adobe's research findings drew from
interviews with creatives and the
educators currently in the field and a
survey of about 750 us creative
professionals
it puts statistics behind what we've
been talking about the lack of awareness
of creative career professions students
have color less likely to have a strong
support network with that said the
application for the new class of Adobe
Creative residency has just opened the
Adobe Creative residency empowers
talented individuals to spend a year
focusing on a personal creative project
while sharing their experience and
process with the creative community I
want to encourage all smart brown girls
to absolutely apply do your due
diligence though do your research come
correct or oh don't you can check out
Jessica's body of work for reference on
how to shape your own project ideas for
the application and in general I hope
jessica is an inspiration to my smart
brown girls both on how to pursue your
creativity and how to support others in
their career
ambitions answer this for me in the
comments down below if you are a smart
brown girl creative what is your biggest
fear about pursuing your art I think
when I was doing it my biggest fear was
people not taking me serious or me not
really being creative or innovative
enough but hold on if you are a parent
of a creative what is your fear for
seeing your child pursue their art links
will be down below to everything
discussed in the video you can download
the creativity diversity disconnect for
more info and more insight on the
barriers that need to be knocked down in
order for diversity in the creative
industry to flourish for more smart
brown girl content be sure to subscribe
hit that belfort of notifications
and thumbs up deuces
