hey guys it's juicy repping for the
small brown bells all the way here from
London town I'm recording videos while
I'm in London and I spent a night in a
hospital because I have trigger finger
so if you see you know I just activate a
last some of the notice I don't even
know what trigger finger like was before
this basically Audion are is free out
here bless your heart it was if you are
new here we like to create critical
dialogues around the intersection of pop
culture and historical talk - did I just
playing whether that up we're all with
the smart brown girl we're all about
staying blessed and being on bothered so
be sure to thumbs up subscribe hit that
Bell bland for notifications we're
trying to do better with our CTA s call
to actions in 2018 we want to see growth
here o last aside my hair is bobby boss
goddess lakhs LLL have a link down below
 them from sans beauty try with
bows mints if I look like Angela Bassett
and black panther you know what we've
there's been a lot of discussion about
the YouTube Partner Program regressing
back to not being open to everyone on
YouTube but YouTube progressing on the
partner program that means a bunch of
people myself included got emails saying
that their channels and not this channel
I have a second channel that would no
longer be part of the partner program
unless they got 4,000 hours of watch
time and had a minimum of a thousand
subscribers within 12 months the removal
from the partner program means that they
no longer have access to Adsense
monetization on their videos my second
channel did get that email it is being
demonetized
as of February 20th it is not
immediately going into effect people out
here talking about oh my gosh why are
acts Doraemon if you're not gonna give
them the money it hasn't stopped yet
it's coming it's happening at the end of
February but I do want to explain why
anyone who is being dismantled because
this change should not be discouraged I
feel like everyone who was at a video on
this topic has basically said that about
four years ago the YouTube Partner
Program was that open to everyone you
had to be invited and at that point we
did
what the size standard or threshold was
we didn't know how many subscribers or
how much watch time we needed to get
into the program you know we didn't have
anything to strategize against so it's
not that we don't care about smaller
channels it is that while these numbers
sound high they're not for reference
with my like I barely uploaded any
videos in December and I still hit six
hundred thousand minutes of watch time
so forth
oh I'm Roe Batman somebody knew what
four thousand times 60 is that's how
many watch minute 4 times 6 is 24 that's
four zeroes right so you need two
hundred and forty thousand men watch
minutes in a year in a year okay I mean
I'm people gonna make all you have less
subscribers I don't really have the best
engagement for my subscribers my videos
getting maybe 10,000 views at this point
Oh
theoretically if you're doing like five
minute videos that maybe 2,000 views per
video you'll still hit the standard and
I don't think people have any people
know or understand that YouTube changed
their algorithm the beginning of last
year to set their hand was forced by
major corporations like Verizon and
Comcast pulling their ads because of the
alt-right hate speech that was becoming
more prevalent on YouTube now within
that sweep and they're changing their
standards for what can be monetized a
lot of people were hit and some
rebounded and then some like myself were
majorly hit because I tend to do more
political black women topics and so
basically if you tag your videos like
about you do anything LGBTQ trans rights
black lives matter political topics
that'd be alright tended to these were
very manipulative and
they would like tag and title their
videos that a lot of us got swept up in
so quite a few of my videos last year
were demonetized
and in order to have your videos even
manually reviewed they need to get a
certain amount of views both within a
week before YouTube will look at them
again
so trust to me like we ain't nobody
walking out the situation like oh
whatever these small channels want Wow
who care about them
nah Bradley I think we have to
understand that monetization is a
privilege YouTube is the only platform
that for a period of time allow the
general public to create accounts and
then buy into their Adsense programming
you know all the other social media
platforms where you can run videos or
you can upload videos run ads across
those videos Facebook Twitter and
Instagram
you cannot unless you were invited by
Facebook and basically everyone at this
point that I know who's been invited to
their i revenue program has an agent has
a management company you know you don't
have any way of accessing or making any
money off of that monetization so while
it sounds price to say most people hit
by this new YouTube standard we're
likely and if I'm being nice we're
making maybe six dollars a month in
Adsense revenue and it's not that those
people are worthless or don't deserve
any sort of income because I get it you
know I think part of it is that I've
been actively trying to work on changing
getting out of the mindset of poverty
where I hold on to things and don't
actually assess the value like the labor
value in them right then if I'm getting
let's say I make $20 a month in Adsense
so that means every five months I cross
this threshold and like yeah twice a
year to get a check for $100 that
seemingly comes out of the blue would be
cool because you know like I've had
analysis valuable to me I could pay a
bit with the hundred dollars but then I
also think all right well
dollars a month I'm uploading five
videos a month I'm taking three hours
per video to produce edit and upload sub
video you know if I do 3 times 5 is 15
out 15 hours per month is my time really
only worth what I think you're doing 20
is oh I can't even do the math for that
that's like less that's almost a little
dollar and change right per hour and I
remember when I quit my last job one of
my co-workers was like you know he likes
that something to me about you're always
talking about these YouTube videos and
do they do too how much money do you
make on YouTube and I told him what my
Adsense was at the time he was like so
you're really stressing out over like
how many hours does it take have you
ever thought about like calculating your
time and labor to the value of your
videos I think if we can be more
strategic right about how we go about
doing YouTube a lot of us will be a lot
more successful I also think it will
change the vein of like the sponsorships
people like undervaluing or over valuing
them most of us undervalue ourselves so
now I think you should look at it if you
have a benchmark to work on if you are
serious about YouTube and you want to
get the monetization part of ads I think
just look at it the way that okay now I
need to be more strategic about what I
do right like why am I here Who am I
trying to reach what is my goal with
this marketing for my business am I
trying to become an influencer what are
my goals here and this is now giving you
the foundation that I like kind of think
about what your goal should be cuz I
don't think a lot of us even understand
how our debt our dashboards work you
know for a lot of us that were starting
out five years ago we had no idea what
the tipping point was and we were just
out here waiting if that magical email
saying welcome to the partner program
back then you know Gideon's the partner
program but you got a vanity URL you
were able to do live streams are gonna
upload videos longer than 10 minutes you
got a channel banner you can link to
your social media like all that stuff
was not
available until you got into the partner
program so being able to still retain
some of those benefits even if you are
losing the monetization for now it's way
more valuable than the $6 a month it's
way more valuable than getting a hundred
dollars every couple of months so like I
already said you could definitely be
successful on YouTube without having
large numbers adsense has never really
been a game worth playing especially for
black women as content creators on the
tube so I just want to encourage the
smart brown girls out there to stick it
through just be smart be a smart brown
girl and optimize your time strategize
with the goal and I promise I promise
you will be fine it'll work itself out
it is not the end of the road I love
supporting some smaller channels I mean
I think you could even look at some of
the smarter toes that are still making
it just call me wha police Asante the
artists and look at the way that they
have found value and really speaking to
a niche audience and personally like I
don't even think they're like my
subscriber number is high but like I'm
getting the same amount of views as some
of them and so it's it's I started in
the natural hair scene and that's why I
have no more subscribers I do but to be
honest I think my actual audience of
like dedicated smart brown girls is much
smaller than my subscriber counts yes
so without Gucci you know I don't think
I'm better than anybody I think we all
are human beings we all bring something
valuable to the table and I just want to
encourage you to be smart about how you
dedicate your time and always do things
that strive is especially something that
YouTube that is so labor-intensive just
strategize and make it work for you I
remember you always shop smart Brown
girl I'm one of them that one product -
patreon - all right this is
