hey guys it's Judy and yeah we're gonna
keep with this red background
cuz what we got for now we don't know
this is going to be a thing or not for
the rest of the year but we're gonna
work on it and let's talk about the
books that I read in 2017 girl alright
so they get into what I read in 2017
some of this stuff and obviously well
most of these books have been featured
in my other book list you I will link
down below or you can click on the I
above to check out that playlist because
I have curated several playlists of book
recommendations and I will be launching
the book club this year it's gonna
happen we're working on it but you know
shots walkaround girl patreon cash hat
yeah yeah yeah there will be a blog post
and links down below to all these books
that I will mention here I'm gonna start
with the books that I finished reading
and then because I do stop and start a
lot of books I will name just all the
books that I kind of like at some point
picked up and read yeah i Jesse
homegoing amazing I have definitely
mentioned this in my last book list
every time I see somebody reading this
I'm like girl I was crying on my 69
flight to Hong Kong girl longest flight
ever well this book right here sing
unburied singing by destiny war I went
but back about our other books cuz this
one
why is everything I might agree to be
game for the hell of it
love that amazing - sigh I'm not a
feminist this is the one white woman
book I read this year and bruh I felt
like she was almost grabbed my edges off
like wait hold on I'm a feminist but I'm
not wait I'm a black feminist she talked
about why fevicol they need to do better
girl so it's a play on words it is a
feminist manifesto it does talk about
the commodification of feminism and talk
about how feminism is just made to be
what has been sanitized and watered down
and made palpable for white people and
to make you feel good about yourself but
not actually just do any change and it's
just a really really good read if you
have any questions about feminism it is
straightforward it will also make you
look differently in a Twitter for sure
actually I after I finish reading this I
was like oh I didn't love off that side
I just need to know echo chamber of
wrong
is what I need to let go of what it
means when a man falls from the sky I
did mention this in another book list
and I did actually read this book in it
I read it standing up like I read in an
hour
it's a collection of short stories
amazing will hit you in the chest and
the gut and the throat you know
somewhere between here and my pelvic
bone it's going to hit you at as well
hit you hard it was just like girl how's
about in a story like that all the field
I have been talking about this book for
forever because it changed my life
plank pedagogy of the oppressed I even
know how to say the word now ok pedagogy
you'll be reading words that you don't
never hear nobody say okay look I live
in daddy's home I'm talking to buy this
stuff y'all owe me I can't hear y'all
y'all talk back but I read it back I
don't like hear it back so it's okay but
I appreciate y'all that gracefully help
me with my grammar this is a really good
book I don't know that anyone I've
mentioned this in the other book list
I took me a whole month to read this
book it is heavy like I had to take
knows I had to highlight just so I could
actually retain the information in it it
is just let you know that it's not like
the the revolution is not gonna be
comfortable liberation is not
comfortable there's a lot of work it's
sacrifice and it takes a extreme level
of understanding because I was climbing
for my PhD I was planning to apply for
my PhD and in the process of doing
research I read what is African American
history by a man you know I should look
up these peoples interviews and see
people pronounce their names pair of God
pair of hablo that both II I know he
teaches that like Eastern Michigan Oh
teaches at Michigan State my home boy
who is getting his cultural anthropology
PhD at Harvard recommended this read and
it's good if you me if you're trying to
figure out whether or not you want to
study african-american history what you
will attentively will learn what is the
value how african-american history has
been shaped within the world of academia
I mean even if you're just interested in
african-american history in general this
is a good read and it's not particularly
difficult to get through it's not like a
heavy you know sometimes these academic
books just get really heavy or like the
super big word the complex syntax and
get a little repetitive
this really isn't
formative I also have talked about the
back that I've read Colson whitehead the
Underground Railroad I did not like this
book it was not super bad but it was
just like a man clearly wrote it it had
a woman protagonist and this is a last
thing they did I would like go away huh
it is about a literal magical
Underground Railroad like the railroad
that was underground and the slaves got
on it and they got on this railroad that
was underground and for some reason
decided to settle in West a North
Carolina dump
I also completely reread my own books
because I released it and republished it
let's clean up some grammatical errors
stop publishing is really a thing I do
have a whole blog post or video on how
to do it yourself but send it on is my
collection of short stories it's
following a young woman going to the
evolution of womanhood this will be in
my book club we go yeah I don't want to
stop promote I don't ever remind people
that I probably booked and I'm very
proud of the work I've done so if you've
read it leave a review on Amazon on go
wreaths and if you haven't you know
click the link down below to get you a
copy
ok books that I have started and stops
here they are you know I started I
stopped them my one bookmark that I own
but don't own any other bookmarks the
rest are like plane tickets ok oh this
was actually a picture of police that is
in the cross and the lynching tree by
James H cone I do have a weird
relationship with Christianity I think
you know the basic questions of like
religion that will use enslaved us the
religion that has come to glorify er our
personal wealth in the Western society
you know feeds into capitalism um but
you know what was I reading Oh Doreen
st. Felix who I really love writes for
The New Yorker she quoted James H cone
and I what was the story on with it on
the UM the victims of the Charleston
shooting I don't know but it was just so
like knee on the head I was like what
they call look I will be I will be able
to post like that too so I picked this
book up I started it
small text long book piece array was ISA
the character ISA was reading this book
on insecure and everyone on Twitter was
talking about it so I picked it up I
think when I started reading this book
why I didn't finish it is because I I
said a lot going on I was like in the
throes of really considering doing my
PhD I was reading his three books
traveling all this time doing all this
stuff and I just didn't I didn't sit
down to read this the Turner house when
I had like real time to read it because
there are like a lot of characters in
the book you know that Gabriel Garcia
Marquez book where there's just a
million and one characters now like Game
of Thrones level of characters but you
know like a good seven eight characters
and they all have important storylines
it is like an ensemble cast here and I
just did I just like I was giving it a
fair chance cuz I couldn't remember
character names and character plot lines
I just had so many other things in my
mind so I'm winning definitely finish
this book because I've heard a lot of
great things about it and the writer
Angela Flournoy
is well no girl I just be butchering
name is in production talks or she's
producing a TV show with Easter rice I
definitely talk about this book killing
the black body
I actually got halfway through as I said
before because I rented it from the
library borrowed it from the library and
then I realized I need to be able to
take notes I highlight girls so I went
back and got it and I still am at 106 I
feel like I make it's just worth EE
Robert I would finish this I pick him up
which the south again this is a book I
got from a library the copy at the
library is at Dallas Central Library and
it's like a collector and like if they
get permission to take it out so I don't
want to keep it out for too long and
then I wanted to take notes because some
of the things I opened it was like a
piece about Orientals and I was like oh
this is kind of xenophobic
off of that but you know I was written
in what 1914 Oh 1892 by
Anna Julia Cooper is shot to the cage
y'all got one here I started with some
of us are brave all the women are white
all the men are black I love that quote
I hope you want to put it on the t-shirt
I just might okay so I picked this up
because I read another Barbara Smith
book that I don't have a copy of I gave
it back to the library and I really
liked her writing and I picked this up
because I did that video on
intersectionality and black feminism
with the National Museum of
african-american history and culture and
it talks about the compy no art you know
when I did that video they made me say
come by he 20 million times and they
were like it's and I remember the ladies
saying that there is it is come by here
right but like there is a really saw but
now I'm like coming and she's like nah
bro me coming to a point where like it's
just coming I don't know right you be
trying to be smart and you didn't mean
sprouts of stuff and it's like whatever
and this is really just like the actual
history the work that was done to
collect the history of black women
because even if you read the book about
what is african-american history one
thing you will note is that it is very
male centric the erasure of black women
to the demotion of just being the slave
woman and not the breath of like the
names and the work that these black
women have done through history just
there hasn't been enough studying on it
it's kind of like we have studied black
women as slaves
Ida B Wells getting a lot of plots right
now and that's about it in academia like
there's a lot of space to come in and
cultivate this history of black women
and to amplify the narrative of the
works of the foundations that we have
laid for society so I was like well I
probably claiming that I'm fitting to
take on this research and it's work well
then I know you gotta read this it's
just like you were obligated to um Alice
Walker essay is in here and she is the
one who coined the phrase Womanism for
those of you wondering about Womanism vs
feminism black feminism but is the river
collective statement is in here Michele
Wallace who I really just
I really like worked with her essay on
the search for sisterhood not the ones
out the interest read a black feminist
search for sisterhood you know it's
always kind of interesting with people's
like oh I read this book and they read
it in like two days
oh my did you scam did you really read
all the words in the book did you read
all the pages or you just read the first
percent of the last fans and then like
the in-between sides you are a slow
reader don't beat yourself up
I don't think I read that much last year
you read two or three books that is fine
you know reading a style that allows you
to retain knowledge don't just read for
the sake of being able to say you read
something and you can't absorb anything
as a book spoke to again I want to
absorb what I read and if I read too
fast I don't remember what I read it'll
just be burgers that just passed in my
mind and went out so let me know in the
comments down below what books did you
read last year did you pick up any books
off of any of the book lists that I put
out and what were your favorite ones
have you ever been disappointed by
anything I recommend it grow
I love about what we've read what we
inspire by what's the gwon on all right
and as always the links will be down
below the description box they'll be a
blog post evergreen keep it floating you
could shop smart brown girl cash
shopping cash shop if you feel like it
and there's always a patreon for those
of you that want to be monthly
supporters of smartphones or else thanks
for watching
