yeah another video and this ain't fit
grow its the wintertime and when you
find a little bit of motivation during
the season the seasonal affect disorder
when you already got regular depression
you get it done but in all seriousness
this is a bunch of time where the Sun
sets at the most unreasonable hour like
5:00 p.m. and as someone who deals with
regular depression on a good sunny day
the winter time is atrocious for me it's
a well just deep sadness and what I've
been having a really hard time with is
loneliness loneliness is something I've
been dealing with for like ever right I
was lonely I've never not been lonely in
any city I lived in but the type of
loneliness the depths of loneliness has
been quite different since moving to
Texas and this wintertime in particular
I'm in Dallas and I'm in a city where I
have no community the feelings have
really welled up I don't feel
comfortable saying it's overwhelming but
it's close and I want to talk about it
not because I have Z or any answers but
because one I'm not the only one
especially at a time of year that is sad
as an it's a thing as Anna seasonal
affect disorder and with a lack of
sunlight in the clouds exacerbate
negative emotions it's gloomy outside
and within us and then to these
discussions are important to have helped
us recognize what we are dealing with
because the self awareness is a step in
the right direction towards healthier
lifestyles do you know weird it is to
say out loud like I'm lonely it's like
you're opening the doors to so much more
judgment and criticism especially as a
black woman and the belief that intimate
relationships like being married are the
cure-all the panacea for all our
problems you can be married you'd be
surrounded by people by friends by
acquaintances families and still be
lonely for
it's much more about having a community
of people that emotionally and
intellectually understand and inspire me
and I'm largely lacking that in my
day-to-day life and interactions and
dollars then you consider what we absorb
what is happening in the world how
society is shifted in 2017 and what of
that we do take inward in our day-to-day
lies and you know the things that we
think we're tuning out as we scroll
through social media the news skip
commercials and TV channels
what are we absorbing at work at school
at home and where do we catch like a
break of genuine relief where do we
refill how do we uplift in these moments
and who comforts and considers you and I
with compassion and respects dealing
with loneliness it sucks and I hope we
can discuss it respectfully and help
each other push through it it's a very
complicated feeling because it's often
compounded by other things like
boys or boredom depression anxiety
trying to make it in a world that feels
like it's falling apart which is waiting
to be set on fire it's a lot it's a lot
but I wanted to just start the
conversation and see how we can grow
amongst each other
I do hopefully before the fear is up I
know
crunch time you know let's do everything
at the last minute I will probably get a
maybe and one more maybe one or two more
videos that relates to this topic of
loneliness and just overall depression
because I think it's particularly as
someone who people see a strong and this
is something I've talked about before as
a strong black woman particularly as my
with my close friends none of whom live
in Dallas this is something that because
I'm someone who always figures it out or
because I have this audience and I have
this movement and smart brown girl they
seems to be kind of a subconscious less
care and consideration given to
me and I think that is not uncommon and
we all deal with that and it manifests
itself in different ways throughout our
lives and that then compounds these
feelings of loneliness so it's
definitely more discussion to be had and
I would love to hear how you're dealing
with it and if you have any tips or just
you want to talk you want to get
something off your chest the comments
down below and if you are new here you
wanna join the swap bra girl movement be
sure to thumbs up this video and
definitely subscribe conversations like
these are important and I need your
engagement in your support to keep them
going all right can't wait to hear from
you deuces
