where are all the black girls in the
arts where are all the black girls in
the creative industry wouldn't they be
easier to find if we stop telling them
that to be a black creative means that
they will be a struggling artist all
that does is demean their creativity and
stifle the innovation from within our
community working with Adobe as a making
impactful influencer has been a
bittersweet experience because I was
that black girl started college as our
student and partly because my community
talked me down and told me I would be
nothing more than a struggling artist
and partly because the art materials and
software was expensive
I left the arts I couldn't afford
Photoshop and illustrator more so the
updates and house hopper was explaining
in the early 2000s I just couldn't keep
up with it financially now moving
forward to this year being an Adobe
influencer and walking into the massive
room and seeing all that innovation at
Adobe MAX
is just an experience that means so much
to me in so many different ways I
definitely had a mental block working on
this project with Adobe I am part of a
team with some seriously talented
artists and updated the settings on my
camera form and thanks
and Here I am the black girl that
believes she couldn't be anything more
than a struggling artist trying to
overcome this serious most serious case
of imposter syndrome in 2017 in the way
that I make it impactful wasn't simply
about jewel Z getting to work with Adobe
or jewel Z being seen by this larger
company it was about opening the door
for smart brown girls about us being the
community that supports the black girl
and women artists from within I was on a
plaque on the Adobe Creative Cloud
display at Adobe MAX
and I can't grin wide enough to
encompass how grand that feeling was
most importantly because my plaque
stated that my impact is about
advocating for the smart brown girls so
they too can advocate for all smart
brown girls this is about y'all as much
as it is about me black women were
definitely present at Adobe MAX there's
several programs Adobe runs to help
further foster the creative community
and their residency program is quite
diverse with super talented folk like
Jessica Bellamy who besides being
absolutely gorgeous does stunning
infographics that's design work that you
can make a career out of and how many of
us knew this when we were just trying to
make it by at our class in seventh grade
meeting Timothy hikes who does UX UI at
Wells Fargo so he makes sure I have a
great user experience every time my bank
account was telling me I'm too broke for
something he also has a foundation with
internet Carol where they are helping
further along the diversity especially
for the black community in the design
industry I do I do absolutely hope that
more smart brown girls have the
opportunity to attend Adobe MAX it is an
amazing opportunity and the classes they
offer you really do
a lot I took a few and my brain was just
spinning I use things like InDesign and
just the new software updates and the
new features in there are the features
that I've long been in they're learning
how to utilize them better to make your
documents more interactive to elevate a
document it's just you know having that
access and really having someone who
will sit down with you and walk you step
through step in these classes that's
part of what makes Adobe MAX so worth it
and if I had gone as a freshman in
college to this conference my life would
have been quite different to see how
limitless creativity can take us my mind
was so blown at the way technology is
expanding at all these different careers
people have been able to make out of the
creative industry and it simply it
always comes down to someone believing
in them and encouraging them in some
form
I want to imbue into smart brown girl
that if you are creative you are an
artist to keep for keep going on there
are resources out there to help you keep
going if you are a parent please do not
deter there are careers we don't even
know exist for the creative to expand
into as a member of the community uplift
and support the artists and not just the
children but all the way through we need
more black girls and women to understand
the power of the creativity to believe
and innovate with it smart brown girl I
know y'all got it
