let me tell you the waves that being a
black feminist is a blessing episode
three a blessed let's get into this as I
stand at the intersection of womanhood
and being black American that both my
race and gender placed me in two
different and a third distinct
marginalized groups now while there is a
constant struggle black feminists have
also constantly pulled up the black
community first you can watch the video
either with the National Museum of
african-american history and Carlton
that would be the black Smithsonian
about how black women have always been a
part of the black struggle for full
equality yep
that's a blessing I to be wells fought
to document the true defy societal norms
inspire a legion of women through
journalism integrity and badass current
Anna Julia Cooper and Mary McLeod
Bethune fought for the education of the
black community not just for the boys or
for the black girls too but don't refuse
to let's forget about the daughters and
sons of sharecroppers the migrant
workers the coal miners the ones who
enunciated a little bit differently so
join us ed a man died a woman and got
some Becky's and check Gloria Richardson
slayed with a side I put your back
against the Pope old bayonet and stood
up for the poor and working class black
folks at the n-double-a-cp chose to
forget Beverly and Barbara Smith and
Audrey Lord helped broaden the scope and
bring queer black identity into the
frame black feminist and revolutionary
because black women are inherently
valuable bell hooks traverse staunch and
the definition of feminism forcing you
to live the thoughtfulness of what and
who do you really stand for she won't
ever let you bow down to someone's
ignorance kimberl√© crenshaw coined the
term intersectionality and helped some
many young black women young black queer
folks encapsulate the more than
duplicitous
in their struggles Dorothy Roberts
collected and dispersed the data on how
black women have been
how stereotypes and policies have been
crafted to maintain control over the
black body and how to fight for or
against reproductive rights impacts poor
women of color the most black feminists
have assured for its intellect that is
more than just performative they don't
wake up each morning speaking of how to
destroy black men and cook them for
dinner but they have collectively fought
to remind us to do better to be better
and live better stop trying to take on
the role the oppressor yourself and
actually liberate not just yourself but
your whole community the men the women
the children the queer the able-bodied
the other body the trans and non-binary
in the middle the lower the upper the
people we still have much work to do
there is always room for improvement and
letting go of how we participate in the
impression of others so much to learn
about our ancestors so little actually
covered in this video but let's start
with learning and understanding the
blessing of the black feminists that
have paved the way for us and how we can
be blessed to be black feminists
ourselves
