hey guys it's jewel Z and I love to wear
shirts that make me look naked as of
lately let's get my top of the head you
see the top of my hair my head cute
though it's like what do we fit in do I
look naked or do I show the top of my
head I think the top of my head matters
more Oh
hit okay we're all in all the forehead
is in the shot and we're gonna do a get
ready with me with what is the trendiest
wine everyone's talking about right now
it is Fendi beauty fancy Fendi I was
like baby fancy it is fancy beauty Lima
gonna try this cuz you know a beige it's
porn I'm not poor I bitches broke at all
the times you can tell them I trying to
come for our girls so I spent five
hundred dollars before just to figure
out what I'll sit in the return I got a
whole girl whole boxes stuff like I was
Jackie and I cut the funds for it when I
jump I got the foundation brush you know
maybe I'll put up an hour-long review
like I'm Stephanie to call when I got
the inside scoop on this I don't
everyone is selling it for Robyn Rihanna
Fenty
and her beauty line I'm happy though
because for a black woman to be doing it
and a black woman who does get back to
her community and for black women is to
be excited for things for them
awesomesauce amazed well let me take her
tee boxes though cuz you don't know what
you were trying to know what you got oh
don't put yourself not technically a
black-owned brand it's a black woman
licensed brand but look when they come
out with a bang where everyone can
finally shade and I'm talking on the
palest of people out Missy I don't watch
auto reviews people what super pale skin
like wow I've never found the color that
matched my undertone so women with
deeper skin tones me like oh my gosh
never and even for someone like myself
who sits firmly in the beige category in
the middle we're like y'all don't really
care it's like I could I could be a
makeup guru just so I can get me a trip
to like it's called give me a trip to
Bora Bora but like how many more women
my complexion do you need to do makeup
tutorials you don't everything about
foundation color I realize oh my gosh I
too have had problems finding my
undertone I don't actually wear a
foundation um coz blessings on blessings
on blessings I drink a lot of water
let's do the brows first
so this is not a rihanna product I'm
gonna use benefit brow Kapow and have
this in the gel but I've been going for
a more like casual look as of lately and
I don't need like such ever find brow as
what the job and also because I haven't
been getting my eyebrows tweezed as
thinly as before I'm trying to fall into
the habit of loving what God gave me
versus trying to alter it all the time
you know we're not social media girl
with eyelashes on Thank You saddest my
brown girl landed in my eyelashes for me
maybe my Browns need to be done though
absolutely so I'm gonna use the
precisely my brow pencil fill them in
and I will be right back okay so I
rather done I don't know if they look
like they go together this isn't really
about benefit brows but benefit
highlight show girls I meet when I went
to it first up I have oily skin so I'm
gonna try this with the primer I do wear
Smashbox primer on the occasion usually
just around here just to fill in my
pores you know cuz I'm try to have my
skin oh I got 330 and 340 because I
couldn't tell what color I was I feel
like when I was looking at it on the
Sephora website it seemed like it wasn't
like it linearly got darker the color
you went it's more of like the
undertones we just change within a
certain range 330 isn't necessarily
lighter but I think I'm gonna go what
340 because I just want to be like
Rihanna and I wants to be I've never
really considered Rihanna me light skin
per se and I've met Rihanna in person I
don't think we're the same color but
fucking you know that's my thing is like
I never know what is that 3:40
foundation to get me this okay I write
up I and the outside a lot in a Texas
heat just present on my bike
oh please don't let me to be doing black
beans well because I wash and exfoliate
my face is lighter than my neck area um
I don't even know girl like my body is
all different
I don't tan email me I don't think
anybody does so my skin is like so one
changes a lot
you see how you're supposed to apply the
foundation
you're really this light am i darker
than my body nail too
I mean is it the wrong color it doesn't
look that bad on my phone but it's
looking really crazy in the viewfinder
right now we'll just see where this goes
I look crazy and my viewfinder right now
like it alright so then I got the
matchstick duo in two hundred even
though I have a three hundred foundation
because I'm in the tan group but the
three hundred looks too dark on the
Sephora site so we are gonna start its
bamboo the highlight so I've seen people
do different things with ease with oh I
might should've got really smart brown
girl is not about the makeup for a
reason
okay I'm not a person who normally
contours but in the name of Rihanna I'll
be going contour also seeing people say
it's better to rub this on true uh
whatchamacallit to a brush I don't know
those alright so I'm gonna use the same
brush because what is life honestly you
know I'll be watching these maybe I like
need to buy brushes but I can never
figure out because Stephanie said that
morphe is a scam but then everybody will
use them with me and then I gonna see
what website and I'd be like 200 hours
girl what and I can't never figure out
what brush set to actually get so don't
be frontin like I'm not the only one
that he had that long brush and I use
for everything the hope was ain't trying
to have a whole makeup kid just do one
thing or own do I contour my nose as I
told y'all I like my negro nose with
Jackson 5 nostrils it's like an
Instagram thing I've noticed it's kind
of like a up taking plastic surgery
especially on black features you got
folks out here become an Instagram
famous also making themselves look
racially ambiguous no expert whatever
maybe I should try this thing we're like
doing like Alice - Lee who actually owns
all the breasts in the world
it's like a nice like I'm feeling like
the mash stick and summer shimmer skin
snake I got one in shock life because
sounded great and then another in
cinnamon this one is in tripping isn't
this a shimmer stick - oh that looks
really pretty
oh don't we blush like what are we doing
with our life and then I got four
highlighters so how do I put these all
on at once like what are we doing here
okay I think what I was gonna do with
the shimmer sticks was I'm going to use
these as eyeshadows oh but I'm excited
about this trip and that's gorgeous and
since its 2017 and everyone's walking
around looking like shiny ass robot so
we're just gonna stack four highlighters
on because I guess that's what life is I
want to put this on my eye so I'm gonna
put this on my eyes I think that's what
I do even though I got these eyelashes
on and I don't want them to come off
girl
and the name ring we want to give you
some eye shadow even by me the most non
wearing eye shadow is person
oh but talk about programming I was in
Norway and with my homegirl
we had a Netflix and chill evening watch
Paris is burning and I was like damn we
really do appropriate go fuck out of
black gay culture I already knew this
but it hadn't dawned on me like how much
like become a part of like marketing
campaigns and stuff now then these
people got they do you know like that
whole documentary I think the whole
house of extravaganza they all like
passed away pretty early on away um is
this a look I feel like it's gonna be a
look and then cinnamon I'm just gonna do
a whole face while putting this here but
we plenty here this is the yacht life
trip and cinnamon I feel like these all
aren't gonna I can't keep all these are
not gonna look that different on me like
yacht life and tripping
hmm I think I might return I don't wanna
keep I feel like I have a dupe for this
in this this one I'm not going to have a
return we have a return we've got a
return except because I have two other
colors and I don't really
I don't was your nevermind I wanted to
do that waxy I was away on ahead at her
event glam today
now my blush brush is dirty because I
haven't washed my brushes in forever
yeah but whatever do my smart brown girl
event in London or Causton sauce and
these wild it was just so I keep like
I've every time I go to sleep I just be
seeing the beautiful room full of black
women in my scene I got a lot of the
same stuff so I have to try it over but
now that I'm looking at this and if I
keep the shimmer sticks I don't need
this because it's light and it has
glitter in it okay
I'm reaching trying to find something
ginger binge and Moscow Mule I mean
technically I don't really need to put
more makeup on right now I think I look
whoo but this is really pretty I really
like this ooh that looks ready but I
think this also already looks like the
cinnamon stick no that's a little too
ashy for me okay so I guess we have
another return yay this is the which one
is this girl-next-door cheek free I
actually like the way kilowatt looks on
deeper skin tones because it looks green
underneath but people are loving it
because it's just like gold and it's
bright and it's shimmery on spot so I
feel obliged to put some of this on like
this is what I'm gonna go with and I
think I'm gonna mess up my whole face
with an unclean brush but whatever oh I
have a highlighting brush I got it Getty
said I had to Gaetti my Sigma f30 5 I'm
right I'm skating football Oh like now
no this is not it this is like I want to
look like a Christmas tree that's too
much glitter and it does look it's
pretty dumb yeah like I get it if you're
like dramatic like look let's just go
ahead and be dramatic yeah
then put it on my face not really got to
put it on my face I really got to just
drag it on put it everywhere it looks in
person I think what camera it probably
will read pretty well in my viewfinder
it looks awesome I look like one big
blob of beige in my viewfinder actually
but on me it's looking very icy green
and every time a laptops and the review
that I've seen people put it on
I see great and they love it but I'm
just really they put it all down my city
it's a lot of glitter this is my guy
like still telling myself like I kind of
look ridiculous like why did I just do
that so I need to balance it out put
another highlighter over top oh my gosh
I like this Moscow Yola layer my whole
face I didn't set any powder on my face
oh my gosh what am I doing with my life
all right we're gonna set the forehead
in the chin area just that's the only
place we did not powder up kind of
surprised that um picking my Laura
Mercier and 14 woulda not look like a
crazy woman when I spray this on I'm
gonna be able to do it and do it
gracefully ready you ready this is a
mess I'm not really a hair stylist but I
try girl oh I gotta put something on my
lips now so oh I don't like spray all
this glitter I happen
looks crazy I look crazy and then I sat
there and said I don't I didn't get the
gloss because I don't like glossy lifts
and I'm a liar
I'm a little sad that I literally only
threw three things back in the box plus
this foundation I'm gonna return the
3:30 I think but I kind of have to wait
to see how this is 346 on my skin you
have a mess I'm gonna leave some chicken
I'll be back later okay it's now one
o'clock in the morning and this is how
my face a girl but I think 40 is my
color it looks like my skin I feel like
and I'm still not really a big fan of
trophy wife but even in Sephora like
people kept stopping me and asking me
all your highlight I look so cute what
is it and so I think maybe because I
layered it up so it wasn't so like
overkill and it looked more natural
obviously though what I think it is more
is that the shimmer stick that I put
here blends into girl I don't I can't
keep walking about this stuff I don't
know we don't have to come back or even
the wheel I went into Sephora it was all
gone they had none of the foundation
shape and then hold the sway lift up
mess
then even blotted though
didn't have to blot it aside from when I
bought it before I left the house I'm
wondering will it get rid of some of the
shine I do like that it's bad I ain't
even do shit tonight anyway wasting my
time away on our lands there's black men
I'd be telling y'all y'all underneath
this call today I still gotta do that
fuck boy series all right let me know
what you thought about my ankle and my
kill I don't know if I'm gonna get into
wearing foundation though because I now
have to go and I can't just do the web
web store my face I gotta go and do like
a whole skin cleaning routine before
bedtime I just wanna I feel like
everybody done review this he just like
did I really need to review it know what
I be thank you for watching do this
