before we get this instant review real
quick I'm gonna say thank you to
everyone who reached out to me about
your concerns about what how I was doing
with this flooding I do live in Dallas
Texas which is 300 miles from Houston I
haven't was in Houston in almost two
years now but I appreciate all your
concern I have reached out to all my
friends who are in Houston everyone it's
pretty okay though they're stuck and
they can really get out and I feel bad
that like there's not really a way that
I can help being up here and yeah my old
house that I lived in is flooded and
it's just crazy
Brian I don't I don't wanna make this
about me so I want to say too much more
but thank you guys and every all the
smart Brown girls that are out there in
Houston I am working on figure out a way
to help I'm kind of one of those people
personally that likes to sit and let
things kind of wade out I don't wanna
just throw money at the situation
mindlessly I don't have enough money to
put people up in hotels and stuff but I
think maybe there's a way that I can
help because there's gonna be so much
work that needs to be done after the
rain stops so that's where I'm at with
this and let's get an instant hey guys
it's Josie and let's just get into this
insecure view cuz girl who gets it back
like this 1998 and we talk about blow
jobs like we still in the middle school
so let's just get right into it was
going through my notes like would
usually do who's ready for this kicker
this all was ha Blair read it's like you
know all the criticisms you can have
with the characters and the
decision-making that ethoxy which what
you say I do like I'm still laughing
about it it is still funny to me that
was just I feel good haha call your
homegirls up talk about it episodes
let's you know call you home grows up
let's talk about it can we just say out
loud
Lawrence's work scenes are boring like I
don't care about what Lawrence's job I
don't care about his co-workers I don't
care about that go with the fake me out
Lilly Singh accent like you know you in
the image hang around black folks I kind
of deep in a good I don't know her
accents just like white but what am I
getting here um I don't care Lawrence's
work line story line is of no interest
to me what purpose is Lawrence serving
at this point I don't know ISA still
driving her car like how is her car not
totaled
like how did the
does she even have insurance let had
drive that piece of junk how what is she
doing to herself she got girl ISA is a
hot-ass mess being curved by everybody
and it's like I mean what did you expect
after having that whole conference with
being you now he just not gonna take you
seriously now you're not a priority I
mean y'all couldn't I just I just feel
like there was a smoother way to go
about that kinda have to like give Lisa
a little the e way on that because
leeway on that because what I'm thinking
in my own situations where I you know
what you're dealing with someone and you
you do like want to keep fucking but you
know that you can't be a relationship
with them for whatever reason once I get
to that moment where I realize that I
can't be in relationship with them I
want to go ahead and blurt it out
wherever it like I can't hold water I
can't I don't know that I would blurt it
out when they're coming to pick me up
and like save me after I totaled my car
but I will like I will address them with
within you know a 48 hour time period
but Oh big head car my heart to it
school big hey got some options oh I
hope he gave her better sex than he gave
ISA but ISA with this this wrapping them
here I hope her pussy trash oh you won't
wear pussy drives but then you later on
acknowledge that sex with you is not
like the last chuckle anti which I know
because it's just satisfying it's just
satisfying it's like okay it's
satisfying with her but like I just feel
like every time we like I feel like in
my mind I am the last track Ariana's
album like if if you get to the point
where you getting up in it I don't trust
the believe like you're walking away
like that is a maze oh we ain't walking
away with the okey doke oh that was okay
no no you better realize the magic I
have breath how you say Lauren's been
having like the wackest of sex for an
entire five years how are you grown and
you weren't this unaware of like how sex
functions I think you don't need to be
having a pornstar xx right I just I just
think oil level of like Derek's words
last episode he's so slick have you even
seen her try to live it's just like bro
have you even seen her trying to fuck
because clearly says what is going on
so he's the stylish this episode I was
just I just wanted to try to figure out
the the black heels at the car shot went
Miley I was a little like Oh hmm okay
hmm that's interesting work there sis
but I guess you look cute in a pattern
oh did Nikko want that African pussy no
actually he didn't
oh what'd you say tries to curse
somebody initially dispersed ourselves
that's what I don't I don't I don't this
whole Haitian thing it's just kind of
like girl I get it at some point times
we get to a point where we just we just
trying to fake and we you know you don't
wanna put all your eggs in one basket
you trying to figure out how to do this
rotation thing but uh played Nikko like
that and let me know like like get some
dates in between I think there is also a
thing that like sex isn't the only way
to be intimate with someone but the only
way to get that warmth and that feeling
of like comfort you know there's all
these other things that build up to
making sex an enjoyable experience and
so why is she just curving Nikko so out
the gate like that way no it's not only
married he's aloof in the face with no
hips or a still there's literally and
figuratively nothing for Miley to grab
on to in this scenario and I'm just
trying to go why girl are you playing yo
so like this and then I had a whole cars
in one homegirl today she's just like
you know can you really judge Miley for
that because we've all dealt and it's
true we I think especially career-minded
women who are in our 30s we deal with
men because we're just lonely shit I'm
going through it now where you're just
lonely and so like you deal with someone
who you know doesn't have long-term
potential but you're just trying to get
that right now that feel good you know
that moment you're trying to get
something can you suck at it or
something right now I get it and I have
done that but it's also like I wouldn't
do that with a friend right I wouldn't
do that with someone who is going to be
that hard to untangle myself from this
is what I don't I don't have an issue
with the casual sex aspect of it I
really don't have the issue with it
being an open relationship aspect of it
she knows she wants more until there's
no
it's not gonna be a messy scenario when
she removes herself or is forced to let
go of the situation and urologists doing
so much smooth talk it's like the same
issue I have with like entertaining a
casual relationship is that men one that
talk to you like they see a future with
you like they want to get deep and
incident with you really aren't that
okay with casual sex like they'd be like
you ain't no pussy's like new pussy they
were trying to Frank but then they
always want a piece of y'all magic they
want some of your mind then one sitting
have long talks with you and rub you
bubble baths and shit and that's how you
get open and so you know trouble oh but
he's slick though how Candice he had to
go can't see kids alone Molly in the
midst of things got the finger up the
couch had the kids all her told her to
stay at the hotel and then scheduled for
the next day like what kind of pimple
issues Molly who is also ignoring her
mother so I saw some of y'all comments
from last week saying that like you know
you should give Molly the bandwidth to
be emotional about her parents like yeah
she's immature but like she's emotional
but now she's ignoring her mom and it's
like it's not that she's not allowed to
feel some time way about it is that she
felt some type of way at a moment that
was to celebrate her parents ruined the
night for them and then now is this not
even allowing any communication to
happen it's like no big sack but like
can you hold together for like an hour
or two girl can you be upset after the
try just take it out can't be upset the
next morning yeah I'm just not a person
that understands being mad at show mama
like that because in my book you know I
I like I can't I get mad at my mother I
mean I hang the phone up on her
sometimes too I call them right back
because it's gonna be a day where I
can't call their back there's gonna be a
day where I'm not I'm able to miss her
call anymore so I don't want to take for
granted
my parents presidents so yes I really
will criticize someone who is like Molly
very hard for being that girl in that
all it unless I'm something back old and
silly get in the way of your
relationship with your parents and you
throw a temper tantrum at this I just I
mean I hear y'all but I can't I can't
oh but my Leandro they have with a great
friendship vibe and I just don't see her
not getting caught up because you know
it's just such an easy candor just such
an easy thing to fall into and feel good
about how do you and I can never say
this work apart come part to mentalize
is that the whole word is that even a
word how do you like put this into your
mind and process it where you know how
to keep your emotional wall up and how
to not get caught up I believe in doing
mental gymnastics and I have to check
myself on this often where it's like dad
I just want to have someone who I can
talk with that's it like you know sit on
my couch and tell backs poetics with me
bra and then you know you know bend it
over blow it out but I can't because you
you like you're not superhuman this
episode I was like aren't they like
writing the episode as they go along
like are they reworking the episodes as
we go along because everyone's talking
about the condoms and they had a whole
kind of see in this episode where
everyone's collecting their condoms and
then east of it that I got big teeth
comment because people were saying
myself included that her and Daniel has
a relation with a lot of teeth ha ha ha
ha but this whole not giving had
conversation was just so very like 1997
is this where we at and I think Molly
probably has the best I don't know what
Kelly's on it yeah I think so what
Molly's point that if he goes down he
doesn't write you know maybe I might
reciprocate but I'm totally not this in
this
oh I don't give head world like what
girl what's wrong with you and what you
give it you need to enjoy you need to
love what you're doing it also I guess
ISA got the little tutorial that 30
minute tutorial at the conference along
with the banana flavor condoms but Kelly
was right though it is like looking a
popsicle with the wrapper on it like he
would give it a head kind of line it's
not really a thing you got the liquid
courage Oh
first of all the liquid courage with
that that's my cocktail you can ask
Jackie ina when we without YouTube lag I
saw her there drink it I don't like
Jameson is okay you know if we ain't got
the Grand Marnier I'll do Jameson or
Hennessy
you know just brown liquor champagne
with a splash of dark liquor girl would
get you all fucked up I like Grand
Marnier
because Grand Marnier is a orange
liqueur and it's sweet and it's just Oh
and I think it's a classy drink to drink
with especially because if you date
black men a lot of them to do drink dark
liquor so you're not the bar can I get a
free drink like can you just give me
like a uh orange juice or cranberry and
vodka please no you got shit like say it
out loud with me
can I have a champagne with a splash of
Grand Marnier it just sat it just ruled
yes I keeps like Kermit being yo and
then kind of myself a long way so she
goes in she gets a little dick sucking
lesson go let me give the man a head is
apparently doing amazing because he's
really into it and he says oh about to
come and like there's a there's a
there's some time there was enough time
in there for her to be like well we're
shot what should I do
but she went in deeper and I guess she
was in it and like giving head and their
heard heard the outfit she had on and
had the cancer symbol on it which is a
69 on the back like haha girl put the
black radio station on
it's his car pole it was enough time in
that when he said all about to come
butthurt up get up bend over let him
ride on her booty or something be like
what you want me to do like that's what
you have I guess did they not have that
conversation with either you put it
further back in your mouth when you just
swallow or you get up let him squirt on
your titties let them aim somewhere else
them aim on you right on your booty girl
you know like not that it can't ever
happen right but that it's like one of
those things it's like there's somebody
hangups I realize that we have about our
bodies and about sex it's like being on
your period and having an oopsie on a
date if we make a light suffice if it
nigga like to get head but if he wants
to do all these things and at some point
you know the way the body works he just
has to accept this sometimes there's
some gaps and so do you so I feel like
having this leg over like I get to
having the over-the-top reaction but
leaving I feel like he won't like Carl
turn down and so whenever like it's okay
I'm sorry you know I appreciate the
great job you did but you know you know
I could he kind of you know give him a
chance to apologize you know it just was
like it was so over the top her big
upset was funny but I was like okay I
get it
believing and then catching the uberpool
was like what a laugh that she'll style
be okay be comfortable with you boo it's
really not that bad well I feel I gotta
skimmed over something so much but that
really was like the whole of the episode
let me know what was your thoughts on
this episode what did you think of the
bus and not in her face see do we care
about Lawrence in this job like do we
really care let me know in the comments
down below and as always thanks for
watching you can become a smart Branka
patron and help uh sister out
