it's Juby and it's finally finally
finally time for another pop star we
talk about everything from the low
breath to the high brow as long as your
eyebrows are you ready for let me get my
drink
ready I don't even think these little
bottles are enough for one drink who
they getting over as long as your
eyebrows are on fleek ha ha ha clink
clink clink clink Clank oh well my
drinking today keeping it tree because
it's wrong sell it sprouts I'm reading
Gallo family white zip and they're like
the mediocre white women I've always
tried to be there is so much to discuss
today because it's been a whole month
girl you might want to have a drink and
a snack so we can Kiki together in the
comments down below I constantly forget
to mention that I have a posh mark like
that little day we could sell you some
clothes I got big beads on my eyelid
which we gonna go check it out link down
below in the description box and always
you keep this machine going by either
one becoming my patreon or to shopping
smart brown girl both help support the
smart brown girl movement and first up
the old set is it even worth saying that
she shut down the Internet that's almost
becoming cliched that annoys the hell
out of Kim kardashian-west anywho
beyonce has been very least had plenty
people away pass a bedtime try to zoom
in on her belly button to see how to see
how bad she snapped back after giving
birth to them twins that belly button
wasn't nothing but the work of phase two
naps move it up to the right a little to
the left picture with your thumb and
index and while I joke tummy is flat yo
Pig Beyonce probably higher in tires on
it
roomie a famous Persian poet they're all
yolk not too bright fades on Twitter and
Instagram be quote without credit
Sadie for the retweet we see you I don't
really have an opinion on the names of
Rumi and star though I love the legacy
of black folks giving their kids
honorific names like major Prince King
and so forth because the way the
african-american
have resent or something as damning as
the American slave trade is all along be
beautiful today Rob and blac Chyna is
there really anything intelligent to
make of this I'm not for anyone's
behavior in the situation and while I
agree that blac Chyna pulled a very
Kardashian move on the simpad Kardashian
why would I condone that behavior they
all attention together
sucks for dream pat yourself right quiz
625 is of the president and we are all
currently still alive even though Russia
is still very much a say in American
policy why do we even have laws if it
just takes being wealthy to ignore them
why are we under netting on Korea wide
and 45 widow posturing collude with a
foreign government will help I get scar
Moshe
haha hi Reince Priebus nice bunny head
evidently Wow watch might miss work I
must say I am finally finding some joy
in the administration of number 45 as I
watched each other alive whoever is this
much character his calling a reporter
from The New Yorker to call 45 chief of
staff Reince Priebus weird-ass name bruh
I don't care for pronouncing right or
not what's a call do schizophrenic and
to say that civilian is sucking his own
 what these white men kill each
other I shall love and find merriment in
the bloody sport of it all
since black women are the superheroes we
don't deserve we must give a shout as a
smart brown girl Lena wait for her Emmy
nomination and outstanding writing for a
comedy series more than well-deserved
because that Thanksgiving episode is my
all-time page of the entire mastermind
spirit Eve and I replay it regularly
standalone it's amazing television so
now where where where shall we start on
some path black bed that we go with our
Kelly Oh Jay Simpson or I should green
gushy burning genius yeah Oh Jason Sam
was granted parole I do not watch the
all-hearing I have anything to do with
my time I just do not care about I'm not
black I'm oj as jay-z put it best
okay BuzzFeed broke the news story that
we all know is true no matter how much
you want to control ourselves into a
game of mental gymnastics our Kelly has
a thing for underaged girls and it's
racy as fun it's weird to see people
question the veracity of BuzzFeed news
they are one of the best investigative
news sources I guess a lot of people
aren't aware of the downfall of Gawker
Media that changed news sources right to
freedom of speech and right to tell a
story of facts led by a man who is
literally the Pennines the lawsuit
against Gawker is led by a man who is
impossible to boycott because he is that
damn wealthy with his hands everything
as a trump supporter Peter Thiel pales
Pettitte button there is a documentary
on Netflix that explains what happened
and what that means to us called nobody
speak hmm so now breaking down sex
scandals is a much more slippery slope
but my single are telling that the man
called himself the Pied Piper
like how flagrant must one be the Pied
Piper is a folklore story about a man
playing a pipe and getting a town
government back by coming to town
playing a pipe that lures children to
follow him to their death you can't even
separate the artist on his art because
his race penis is all wrapped up in his
music a j9 by the numbers he really does
roll up on his women and have you save
his number as daddy in your phone
I was already offended then he smells
like fried chicken but so close to our
Kelly
I mean I've encountered me and I've been
saying for years that this man is a
pedophile
shut up the journalist of Chicago Jim oh
girl
uh zero jaded then with Italian laughs a
brush-off for him who has presser beard
with that story even when most outlets
were too scared to publishes a shot now
as much as we are inclined to make fun
of a sharp for having the gift of
barbing they keep on giving for being
sued for giving a woman heard these I
don't want to further stigmatize a very
very common disease harpy has many forms
and like one-third of the population has
some form
hiding it and not being forthright with
your partner or taking care of the
outbreak so they occur because you are
too ashamed this is not the way to go
everyone
literally every last one of us know
someone with herpes or cold sores as
they are commonly called another form
same thing and we just want everyone to
live in their best day to help melt OSHA
is still try them as hell because the
woman suing him is a bridesmaids from
his wedding to meet the foster Tamika
herself has long accused unsure of
sleeping with her friend and the media
just called her crazy
stop giving quick to Santa Rosa bears I
have mentioned her in my reviews of this
Victoria to the stock market heavily but
she released that album control that's
been on repeat that's not for all of us
don't be that hits are what are you
ain't like a girl in the hair but it's
an album I could not stop playing my
favorite track is guarded or right now
but I feel like it's an album without
cycle through a new phase like each week
I also want her body because I'm just
jealous
but the album just speaks to all the
reckless feelings and securities and
emotions recycle through any season in a
moment it's not necess
that was like Rihanna is that there's a
rope for RiRi who I do like sick by the
way sharing is caring and I love it oh
girl what's your favorite track on the
control album how many of us we playing
love the Lord's we can just scream
through that one burning why you going
to mean when you noisy released 444 and
I'm happy he's giving Blackman our
moment of emotional reprieve even if I'm
cautious that he sits on that upright
line bra don't get to Anne she got me
here I enjoyed the album and I will put
it in Safari I saw it hopefully this
week in a separate video but girl it's
kind of depressing to think that Beyonce
put up with 14 years or however many
years of not being given the emotional
support she deserves and it could jay-z
into sub big to realize he needs
to do better my hell am I gonna die
Martha but also a cake like saliva
dispensers what mobile dual and hold
dole was in the work that all of the
other meaning to do I promise I'm never
going to talk about them here they just
warned more than a two and equipped like
that propaganda of a documentary what
the health everyone is falling for my
opinion ain't no point in being a vegan
still shop at Walmart or any of the big
box grocers food is political and I'm
gonna break it down later and show how
what the house ain't too different from
the manipulating stunts of one dr. Umar
Johnson
Jerry finessing past truth and go
liberate anyone they just allow us to
find comfort in our ways that we never
really wanted to think about changing in
the first place we live in a fairly
capitalist society and seek out ways and
religion to pop culture that reaffirm
our right to private wealth even as it
disenfranchises on from your charge to
your grocer
it's all screaming just seen diamond is
the conundrum I honestly think white
people are not giving as much attention
to as black folks has mostly because
they don't have to protest to get
justice to work in their favor it's so
wonderful that the media can use it to
becoming pictures diamond as they
recount how a Somali American Muslim
emphasis on Muslim cops shot and killed
Justine who has called the police
because she thought something suspicious
was happening in an alley or essential
fall our girl she called the cops but
she thought what's happening she thought
this was a protect her is it they kill
her we need to be militarized the police
bottom line just seen is not any more
innocent than Sajha Trayvon Bernie
Showalter Fernando and all the other
names muscle is just too tired to call
out they all deserve life they all
deserve seeing police prosecuted for
murdering them and I'm not required to
do the work to see justice through poor
Justine just because you have blue eyes
and war yoga be Senator John McCain of
Arizona was diagnosed with brain cancer
and I hope he gets the same treatment as
constituent who have been denied proper
health insurance to cover the illnesses
I've received
so that was a mouthful because that's
what McCain in the GOP bullying even
though he stopped the repeal from all
the way happening
McCain ain't nobody's hero nothing more
but a privileged white man who say
soaking up the praise off the backs of
women per usual
speaking of brain cancer youtuber me to
Monroe passed away after battling brain
cancer for around three years terribly
terribly terribly sad she think ages me
and she just never was someone who I
thought would leave me are so early like
this
her death felt so personal for so many
and them at a woman of us be kind of
really beautiful article about why and
how this felt so personal it left me
thinking about my waning feelings are
coming from a family that's not terribly
close to each other and how while we are
alive and healthy we can find ways to
like be closer now for some TV and
movies I want to talk about being sugar
and how yes it is kind of boring but is
absolutely necessary show because that
is the beauty of the shelves the
beautiful shot of mundane aspects of
life that we exist in and you think one
of the negative impacts of reality TV is
that we all woke about the world as if
we are on a reality TV show we deal with
conflict and drama now in the frame of
jump cuts and cameras rolling and where
we don't think about our actions our
tone or even the environment small
nuances that impact how things go that
moment you took a pause or chose to say
nothing can elicit every action emotion
and that's what Queen sugar shows we
don't live in a vacuum of high drama
antics black people exist in the
everyday struggle of just trying to do
better and there is beauty and a great
storyline in that we constantly say we
need or want better images of black
women we are hijinx punchlines and Real
Housewives are basketball-wise
but then we get a show without the high
drama and focus with that's boring I
don't know go go go see girls trim if
you haven't already do
do it do it do it delete Tiffany Haddish
is hilarious
so much that I will forgive her for
making that horrible horrible Cosby joke
this one time sis didn't learn from this
and do better going for you can make
memory junk like a this doesn't it's not
ethical grammar but I'm trying to
protect you know black women are
precious we're a girl data we gotta
cover harnesses recycle because I want
to protect tippy and not have to cancel
her life Charlemagne and little Duval
like holy it was the wall anyway why did
he even have an interview with The
Breakfast Club Charlemagne is constantly
misogynistic no I am NOT reading his
book expert I know black folks love to
be lied to just as much as Trump
supporters but I'm not interested to
pick between the lines if I'm a good
part there to last as you've all joked
about killing a trans woman and then to
use the book that Janet mock had left
behind because he had just herself
interview with The Breakfast Club and
then to continue to make transphobic
jokes and laugh at them come on get out
of here that's it for this cop snart be
sure to check out the other three videos
I posted this week well for now shop
smart brown girl thumbs up and subscribe
if you aren't already hits a bell let's
do the rest describe button you can go
to the Cajun to know when I'm actually
posting here
