hey guys it's Jules me so let's talk
about insecure season 2 there's a little
bit Lulay because I could not get access
to the screeners this year I access to
the first half of insecure screeners
last year because I least I was on the
promo list for HBO but um this year I
want to actually explain this a little
bit because explain why I didn't really
do underground reviews this year either
ah funny enough because I had a
discussion with funky deneva
who kept telling me all I have to do is
do a review of a TV show that no one
else is really reviewing like there's
not someone I was like popular who is
reviewing the TV show and typically
especially for black shows who don't get
as much promotional help from the
mainstream that they'll reach out and
like with him underground reached out
and you know financially helped him out
helped them to get access to the actors
help them get access discreet a lot of
different things that happen to the
reviews for the show and engage the
audience in a way that they want with
regards to the show and that someone
will come along and do that for me and
my whole thing about with him was like
well you know I'm a black woman and it
doesn't really learn about a rock and I
don't want to say that not because I
think that him being a gay man is a
privilege no I don't see it as a
privilege that people see him as a
character and enjoy him as a character
even though they might not respect his
humanity versus people see me as a human
often like turn their nose up because
I'm just a human being in like there's a
different understanding of judgement
ality of how we look at that girl it's a
what you call it what's the word for a
symbiotic you know I love insecure
enough and I know that the engagement
that I got from you guys last year is
enough to come back and do it again this
year because I just love the discussion
that insecure allows us to have but it's
kind of unfortunate when you don't
really get any help and you know that
they are working with influencers like
whatever girl is not we're completely
menteng over but I did want to explain
it to you guys so you know you could
support one by liking this video too by
engaging in the comments down below
three shop smart brown girl or for being
on my patron
all those ways how to support the smart
brown girl move it so we are back with
the best ah I propose an insecure really
are too short you know girl it is a good
watch I definitely suggest watching and
secure your home girls your home boys
I just love how much discussion across
just diversity of people that insecure
spawned and I think it's season two is
going to spawn even more now that we are
moving past the fallout from insecure
insecure the fallout from ISA cheating
on morons but I love the music
overall that is featured in this episode
I wasn't know that I knew I recognized a
lot of the songs they opened up with the
Anderson Park on his collab was I
believe the kid's name was knowledge no
worries great album
I think Issa tweeted out a Spotify
playlist and I had tweeted like I just
want a Spotify playlist for each episode
because the music is just so good it's
so I love all of it if all the days was
enjoyable one because you see Dustin's
on the friendzone podcast kinkier on the
Instagram comedian cruise all those
faces to pop up I people that you're
familiar with that next aren't
necessarily Hollywood stars to see them
that's like a cool connection and then
because of like you know what I love is
just the humanity of the show and that
these are all like emotions and feelings
that we go through it might not be as
dramatic but like we cycle it through in
our mind almost as dramatic as I sweeted
and they use the song from scissors
control insecure is the personification
of the control album don't mess with me
I'm crazy like I'm a skirt skirt only
whatever whatever that I love seeing
Molly with a black woman therapist and
then them talking about the importance
of black women or just black therapists
in general and how hard it is because if
you ain't got insurance are how you
wanted a therapist ever other you have a
talk about services the only thing how
you talk to us in your colloquialism
they don't in your manner the way that
you look at the world and having to like
try to catch them up on speed can't
really happen
black therapists matter you need one I
really want to sit down and think about
how
I'll review Lawrence who is so smashing
Tasha I mean I like this is how I feel
about Tasha but I don't like I don't
dislike Tasha the person I actually feel
bad for Tasha because Lourdes is hurt he
is not healed he does not hold he hurt
any raw doggin up in multiple beaches
within a 24-hour period somebody tweeted
me like how do you know that he was
rolled all unit with Tasha cuz he
literally just got out of a rollover a
handful nothing off maybe I missed it me
with a jump cut I don't know you know of
a certain age to be honest most people
are just mmm really though and so I'm
just like it's not like I sure they're
broke probably clean but like you happen
up in between that and you know how
clean are you how much you wash it off
your yo-yo wiggle wiggle you know give
one yeast infection and other vaginosis
and I feel some tight way because I want
to like esa's character more than I like
Tasha like cousin I want to like even
though I know he was the one who treated
and Tasha's not really in the wrong here
um I'm not really mad at Lauren for
sleeping with Tasha so I'm not even
really mad for him poking it in ISA like
that because like soon as he walked in
the door I kind of knew that was gonna
happen that was gonna go down don't act
like y'all don't be having our moments
though like if a Negro starts car on you
you wouldn't go running out on the ring
ahem - what kind of it and she didn't
release tight enough that she don't like
buttah she'd even say like oh I'm sorry
I miss you there was like no kind of
conversation I just really feel that
Lawrence is wrong in leading Tasha on
because it's obvious that Tasha has
feelings and I also like Tasha has a
responsibility to do anything at this
point because she's being forthcoming
she likes to do she's being hospitable
you know I mean what I want to say she
face they got like her nipple piercing
words is about to hurt her the same way
he's hurt I don't know whether him and
ISA are gonna get back together but I
definitely don't think that him and
Tasha are gonna be called a couple
because you can't be a half a person and
go into a relationship it just doesn't
work like that
so he's setting herself he's studying
herself
he's setting Tasha up to get her
feelings hurt I think his friend the
lights can do was his friend named Jason
or something you know I'll be one
remains Russ talking about taking his
girl days for cloth napkin call head on
pointing out that he really is using a
Tasha as a sperm depository because he
hasn't even taken our own no date he
ain't pay for nothing she let a Negro
stay at her house eat her food had free
items to her coochie I mean she getting
her back worn out from the side he's not
really giving her what she deserves
does she deserve honey we got respect
all black when I write I love ESA's
Walad lived where she's like freestyling
when she was free selling the dates and
when she's at the mailbox and the old
lady get out get out if she was seeing
because Lawrence got the jury duty
notice and she's like oh he got to get
his mail oh he's gonna go to jail so she
has a reason what see these are just
such human feelings like I've never
cheated on somebody but I have
definitely been in the situation where
things have gone file with a guy and
then you're you're you're setting up in
your mind was going to be like the next
time you see him even though you just
want to see them and so like you're
setting up all these scenarios of how is
going to go and that was like a really
authentic moment and everything else I
think you know it's the first episode
there it was it was it was a really good
first episode because a lot of times the
first episode is just kind of like the
entry point like we're catching up and
connecting all the dots from last season
but they really went in with a bang like
that 30 seconds three pumps and dump it
was it was it was literally a 30 second
boom-boom bet I personally I personally
am NOT a fan of for playlist sex so I
just don't maybe there's just a few
things I want to change to that I just
feel like me I would in my head in my
head even though Issa was in her head
about how in Jewish is gonna go and they
went nothing like she had it in her mind
so I'm acknowledging the fact that like
maybe in my head I had way more
confidence and I would my emotions are
tied up with somebody but that we know
what it's been more conversation there
would have been more lead-up it just
wouldn't have been like oh I'm soaking
wet stick it in me but then again you
know we've all had our moment so let me
not lie to myself I was to blast
Lawrence as a bad guy but I absolutely
do not think that that is fair to the
matter at hand and I'm hoping that
Lawrence has good enough friends to talk
some sense into him about him not
emotionally using and abusing everyone
just because he got his feelings hurt do
you think it's going to happen this
season with Lawrence and ISA do you
think they're going to get back together
do you think Akash is going to come out
on top what I do know is that clearly
Easter egg is going to end up in
stalking Tasha and I heard at some party
guys cities on my little bootie it gonna
be like scissors gardening I think I
know father's here such as thatif is
love that verse all over the place I
don't know it's just the first episode
it's like how do we you have all these
feelings about Lawrence and his actions
and ISA and Lawrence and Easter Lawrence
and Tasha and the storyline it's like
okay I wavered and develop a little bit
more with what's going to happen with
Yvonne and that host knowing the white
boy gets paid more than hire and I think
we only know that more stuff on the
previews that we do from the actual
episode cuz like how much more is he
getting paid in her how was she going to
approach the partners that's affirm
because Molly is about her job and I
hope this is a really good moment that
teaches us a lot about how we as black
women walk through the corporate world
and how we have the right to have more
confidence and speak up you know closed
mouth don't get fed so we ain't gonna
keep our mouths closed I hope that's
what happens this season let me know
what your thoughts are about going
forward in season 2 what was your
favorite song that was played on this
episode I'm gonna try and get video
reviews and blog post up I'm not gonna
have a blog post up for today because I
have a flight in like three hours and
it's just not gonna happen at this point
because I couldn't get some spray my
style but bullet board I'm gonna get try
and get that done and I'm going to try
definitely this year I do not want to
saying I'm sorry it's so late you know
why I'm trying to get these things up
these suckers up on a Monday one of the
day for you guys alright dude
