hey guys is Julie and yes it's been a
while but we have a get ready with me
because loved one be a bill to pay and
to there's so much to talk about that
wouldn't really fit into a pops mark so
why don't I show you how I begin my face
together in the summertime some people
when asking about what I've been doing
to my face since I've been posting a few
more pictures more than I regularly do
because I never leak post on Instagram
but you know I feeling cute this on my
side what I show you when I'm doing
because I was using a few new products
and we could talk about my thoughts on
VidCon the wigs I've been wearing so
everyone's asking and I have all the
details in this video I have been doing
some online shopping and I'm poor and
I'm chubby so I got some tips on like
fashion over boohoo pretty little things
yeah girl let's just get right went into
it okay
so first up this summertime hmm I have
not been wearing foundation because aha
so the skincare routine obviously is
with the girl we know major before and
so you're the same thing my vanity
planet set they sent me a new one
because now it comes in new colors I
don't know why they sent me pink it
comes in pink blue and purple day
firming the pink one this is my bathroom
clearly it's been used as you can see in
focus not on me but on the bristles but
yes as you can see I have been using it
and I okay let's get back focusing on me
with my ocean salt I keep this in the
bathroom I pack one with me because when
I travel a lot of times I wear heavier
makeup for like at VidCon I do wear
foundation because I was on camera so
after I come off I always clean my pores
out with this keeps me nice and tight
and then I like to to come to the travel
case it's just easy for me to pack keep
one in my suitcase I keep one in the
bathroom in the tub at all times is
exfoliator body
it's just antibacterial keep everything
clean
it keeps the germs out I love it I'm
trying to be more organized you might be
watching at home with Nikki even though
I never have any intention to buying all
the organizational stuff like this come
with it and I love it
so per usual I will have a 70 percent
off coupon code this normally retails
for 130 dollars and the coupon code down
below B to 70% off in a $39 ha cheap
enough for you to have - if you travel a
lot like me and get it in colors
different colorway I'm not the kaesong
when you're doing the pay but grow up
okay first things first YouTube Adsense
has been trash this entire year I'm
making like $90 a month six nine zero
which is really hard to let then
motivate myself and give videos out but
I owe y'all and actually that's not
really what it is I was never really
making a lot of money on YouTube to be
done with but since my Adsense has
completely disappeared it's not that I'm
not motivated to make videos it's that I
have projects that are paying me going
on and so my focus has shifted to those
unfortunately they are with em they are
with in line with the topics I will
cover on smart brown girl like I'm
working on I was working out a lot of
things bra a lot of things that are
really for you guys and will allow me to
self-sustain giving you all the content
that y'all deserve but in the meantime
buckling down and like doing videos in
between that with all the other things I
mentally have going on it just is a
little bit more difficult when is why oh
Emily making my jobs a month anyway
girls while I pack up all my stuff let
me I got some stuff a fashionable girl
fashion / scared but they say cute look
I was feeling broke make sure I got
everything because I'm just pulling
everything that paid out and I don't
think all my lipsticks are still in make
this cake I'm trendy about to start
posting I got some of my squats to get
my knees together so I couldn't be doing
the poses and young
when Amy's like with like the nations
that pose I tried out official Whitmore
Instagram where I try to hit that nepo
girl I busted my behind trying to get it
mmm
alright so truthfully truthfully
truthfully beyond the fact that help me
pay Sallie Mae um access on my swimming
car anybody's Ally might know more um I
use the vanity planet with the lunch
ocean salt it's my fave go I had some
like something coming up underneath and
I just wash my face last my ham bone any
another thing I'd be doing whoa the
water
I like alkaline water and I love Bogut
focus I love this cup that Black
Radiance sent me it says Black Beauty
matters girl Susan they even send me a
shirt and they sent me a bunch of
products so I have been using more of
their products because like it is
surprisingly really good there's army a
whole box of stuff so first up you wear
my mirror no that's what I was looking
for my eyebrow pencil using the Black
Radiance
precision brow sculptor now funny thing
is they sent this to me in the mail and
then when I went to Boise Idaho in the
video I did with the refugees I did
Maria's eyebrows for her and then I
gifted her the pencil cuz I was like you
don't have a bunch of brow products at
home she has legit legit legit asked me
to help her do her eyebrows I'm Sami a
Good Samaritan you know get me smash me
up to karma point but then I realized
since I'm going for like a thicker brow
look this year and my brows tech Haneen
was like why are you filling your brows
and so much you already have sick
eyebrows that I really really like this
brow pencil so girl tell me why I had to
drive around a light box driver I got a
bike I biked around in the heat of
Dallas Texas so five different like CVS
Walgreens trying to find one that sells
black Brady and Friday girls that was
really don't like lesbos I'll tell you
yes I still be using my benefit brow
Kapow
but that's more when I'm trying to like
a refine look like my brow routine
really is just to darken the tip and
then bring in the fryer that's all I'll
be doing page browser dawn on a little
dart this is like the pence Reggie's is
a black suede one but once I clean it up
with the concealer it will be fine all
right
so the current was actually a really
good experience I was sent out with
Adobe I will have a whole blog on that
but since Adobe is actually to do the
blog you know I have to kind of sensor a
little bit of myself I can't really be
talking so much about the white people I
got you there where we are me event and
they caught I just really thought it was
gonna be like a bunch of white teenagers
and I was gonna want to get drunk the
whole time you know that was not a lie
but it was a really good experience one
because it's always good to see other
black content creators who are doing the
damn saying me and tres Cali were on a
panel together she was a great moderator
foxy hot messed it all up some keynote
that she has up on her YouTube channel
got to hang out a lot with elements on
the internet just always a good time and
who else did I meet own a - curly I
don't do much of a youtuber more than
like Instagram model go I'll close
on it okay
I'm fitness fitness Jam you know just
wonderful people who owe and then black
nerd comedy who but I was surprised so
he's really sat down and Kiki with me
about being a black content creator and
going to YouTube black events and what
that has meant for him as a black
consecrated media like super duper nice
bruh Andre is like I'm a fan I'm a fan
oh man browses done this kind also made
me realize how much I really just be
watching messy youtubers like why could
I count point out all the messy
youtubers I saw they didn't know who
anybody else was
alright now I'm going to take my
favorite pie laura mercier and number 14
this powder is a game-changer I just
part of my whole face and then that's it
like I follow all the messy dramatic
bottoms I could point water's went out
and I knew enough I knew enough of them
were to realize I none of them really
messed with Jay Versace who is tall
weighs like six feet tall and he's
attractive I don't know why him know
people who don't like him I always talk
about how he's ugly quite classically
like an attractive person he could seem
a little insecure
I didn't leave toss them but you know
it's hard to miss because he's like six
feet tall
how obvious when you get in a room oh
all the boys that they don't really bang
with each other and I'm just like it's
not that they need to get along but you
will never get in a ring full of black
women youtubers well at least not the
ones that I know of I don't know what
these young like I heard there was some
VidCon drama Rivera clearly I watch all
the messy stuff I'm saying to over 25
crowds you will ever get into a room
with them and know who don't bang with
each other like you really got to be
real like we all get along fine but the
boys is like oh you could kind of I just
see tenderloin so yes I'm still on doing
my cheeks like a snapchat filter so
aside from realizing that I watched the
messy content creators um oh this is the
NYX ombre palette I'll have links down
below to all the products that I use um
what else do I realize about VidCon
I was just appreciative of the
opportunity to see executives and people
that write checks give you a check her
keep it me it was know stuff that don't
come with no budget for me but
I am in love with the artist Couture
from the Jackie I unique it that I got I
have been wearing this non-stop and I
try to kind of go between colors
I feel like conceited which I don't have
which one is this is like the pearly
pink way double ptosis cusine if I got
in my hand I slow my bag one thing is
I'm reading pedagogy of the oppressed
which I keep talking about because the
book is just so profound it is a heavy
read though but realizing that both of
them are realization he just kind of put
into words what I've always felt is that
I don't want to be successful on my own
and I just don't even just want be my
homegirls to be successful I want to be
successful in a way that I can pave the
way for other black women and other
people in my community that they can
achieve the same sort of success without
leading to has access to me it's like I
just don't want to put people on I want
to put the resource on so that everyone
can access that resource does that make
sense and I got to have a conversation
about that with a lot of important
people at VidCon so I felt like VidCon
was very appropriate
I also was just realizing that like
VidCon success is for like the mediocre
white people girl I just really never
I'm not going to have the standard of
YouTube success because um I'm just not
interested in cultivating an audience of
white teenagers like when you see the
magnitude like these teenagers and the
money they're getting thrown at these
content creators and just kind of what
the brands are doing with them it was
okay you know as much as I could be
shady about it I'm not going to hate the
hustle I appreciate what it means for
the everyday person in Kentucky and
Kansas you know realizing that for a lot
of people YouTube just makes them feel
good about themselves now you know
capitalism is still capitalism and so
materialism sold to pretty realism you
know it makes them feel good about
themselves in a Hunger Games capital
district one tight way yes but look baby
sad baby says and I watched black girls
that don't realize they're black and I
saw her at VidCon
girl you know elevated to the lace front
but I just like girl you a elevated to
figuring out how big but I put it all on
but you was just like I saw the later on
before I saw her okay so I'm ordering
clothes from fashion OVA now I was
thinking about doing a whole video on a
banana Patricia Brite has been doing the
video when it about showing you her
buying all this like were driving the
clothes I'm like hmmm I don't really
like doing Tryon because I'm not on my
body and say here girl
my gun a little too low for all that the
way fashion OVA is set up it's kind of
like a low-key scam but they still be
getting my money because they stuck this
cheap and I really like Bay jeans but no
I figured out where they get their jeans
made from I'm still not buying a Jose
I'm not buying six pairs of jeans just
have that one pair for the low girl and
I they always have 30 percent off coupon
so it's because they stuff is where once
you spend your money with them you're
not getting your money back it doesn't
matter if you get your product or not it
doesn't matter if it's damaged or not
and they customer service they don't
answer the phone you can get us a via
email and they might respond back to you
but they always do that
hey Nova's a sorry and that's best
basically the response you're going G so
the thing with them is once you spend
your money it doesn't matter so if you
click pay your money is gone you're not
getting your money back so I personally
was shy away from doing super large
orders with them I do over the 75 this
to get to free shipping cheap then I use
that sleep Rd coupon code all the time
but once I there's no way to ensure that
your stuff will come a long time there's
no way they only do store credit so even
if you get it and return it there's no
tracking process there's no saying hey I
haven't got my store credit so I found a
shop with them with the knowledge that
leg if I get in I don't like it I'm not
returning it because I got to pay for
Marlin shipping on top of it it just not
worth the return process of the hassle
because you really not going to eat that
little toy as you spend a product back
like that anyway um but yeah everything
is store credit so that sucks
but they didn't really do like these
things really you know I got these
glasses brother the glasses
I'm saying do you not I also and I feel
kinda bad because I also ordered from
room 107 so for VidCon I order from room
all months ago never got my stuff what
lipstick we gonna put on it I gotta
spray my face okay this is total urban
decay I just put it in a smaller bottle
actual looks like a fish fish so I do it
do I do it do I do it better now I think
I had to squinting under control um but
I ordered from room 107 in may now they
had a sale and they said it was gonna
take a little bit longer to get my stuff
fair enough I got my stuff the day after
I needed it I ordered on May 25th I got
my sub June 22nd and they do internet
phone they knew what I needed my stuff
by they said they were going to
overnight it they didn't overnight it
had to call and again after the weekend
and they said they want to overnight it
then and they put it in Priority Mail so
if I'm going to keep shopping that
fashion Nova then I feel like I can give
the black woman own business route 107
another go it just doesn't make sense
that I mean to think especially Nova's
like cheap I spent like $40 item on what
I got with ruin or 7 versus at fashion
oh I'm spending like 50 to $20 per item
but I got a little cute skirt that you
know I'm aware it it just it sucks
Cavalli going out the house and I got go
out the house and have another reason to
wear this outfit that I was supposed to
wear on camera for VidCon alive but
whatever bro whatever I never checked
her eyelashes on no normally I don't
really wear eyelashes much often anymore
because it's high the eyelashes always
come off I'm not that good at it but
black Brady has sent me all their matte
lipsticks I lost one of them already it
was like the sugar plum or the spicy
plum see the packaging is weird though
because the packaging once you take off
the plastic doesn't say the name of the
color anymore just as the number of the
color so I still have five four one one
I think was like five four was five
well it looks some of it is this there
was more purple and I wore it when I was
talking to Patrick and Jorge on the
refugee video but I really really like
their matte creams because um what's the
other one that I like wearing I
typically wear the Mac ones like high
drama I like a lot but they just peel
off your lips throughout the day like
the way they come off is really weird
these stay on they stay put they don't
make your lips feel like dry or hard but
they definitely drive matte and so I was
pleasantly surprised and this has been
my favorite one it's five four oh one
i'll have the name of it down below I
wanted from booboo and pretty little
things but I have not received my stuff
from boo I have a few different boo hoo
boo hoo no pause on the shipping and it
comes in the UK get her one time did
before fat shunova and pretty little
things they from the UK so haven't got
my stuff but I just ordered it last week
now the thing is I like boo boo in their
customer service again me my stuff
quickly but it kind of sucks because the
fashionable quality is like a not like
it's not a big margin it's all polyester
anyway but it just comes out like the
collie is just a notch above like
rainbow versus Charlotte Russe does that
make sense we're going to try 504 one I
think this is the one that I like is MO
and I like the wine is big enough of my
big ol lips well you know what maybe the
white woman's lip colors Daisy giving
you a little sticky you later Sosa go
and you got a dip in it out like four or
five million times and it's a really
pretty color it's why I call a grown
woman colored right
let me do a line of lip colors for you
Black Radiance I want I want to see my
face and cbs2 I might not be able to get
support cuz I'm not a makeup guru but
let me be like i'ma let this dry let me
go grab my wigs and we will be right
back
okay look up anyone call me yeah god I
saw that bitch are loving a let me see
with the glasses I'm giving you all the
purple blobs oh yeah that'll be in the
70s film like so catch me cops don't
catch me okay so this is a wig that was
not sent to me I paid my own money for
it I watched some reviews on the
youtubes ordered it from sista wigs calm
had it overnight it they have a better
coupon than any of the other websites
because um they do like I think they are
they want to do a happy hour sale they
do like a weekend sale we get 10% off
plus it was free shipping well I
exercised the shipping so yes it is
perfect you don't have to cut it it
comes just like this I have it in the
dark purple color I might have to go
back and buy me a few more because you
know I love a good Bob and for $35 girl
sorry wasn't even 35 might have been 32
and might have been 29 girl it was under
$40
let me tell you it was a budget-friendly
wig I plucked apart a little bit it's a
deep L part
umm model model green wig with the deep
L part I plucked the um I don't even
have the oil oil a correctly Muslim
where it's out the house I was fixed up
a little bit but I plucked the part a
little bit but it was kind of hard to
pluck and it really didn't need any work
like girl you can really take this out
the pack put it on your head quinta saw
me if she's like bento but let me see
y'all look she's like very nice the
difference between this is in that
copper is it Cooper a copper Lobby lost
one that I have is that this one has a
pre-cut little shorter bang in it and
the Bobbie boss one is the bang is
longer and so I like them both equally
I'm just I'm just you know this is make
Milagros suburban you and I'm looking
like a Sariah tea drunk I'm also
weirdest to chapter in the air and I
said hey EJ is also trendy though I'm
still trendy though okay okay let's fix
this sick homegirl uh what are you doing
where's the part
um and this is why were on camera for
VidCon live all 70 I chopped this way up
so much I will definitely be ordering
another one because I think I actually
wanted to keep the next one a little bit
longer this is also in the dark purple
though it takes a little bit longer to
see the purple in it you really have to
hit it in the sunlight so I like it but
it comes in the pack much longer like
shoulder Lego with a low shoulder length
long curls I will say the hair on this
looks like I like the kinky straight
look and the hair on this is shiny and a
lot more synthetic I already knew from
looking at the videos that I wasn't fond
the pot part and I didn't want to have
to like I think this one might be the
one I tried to pluck out by girl I give
up I wanted to wear it in a bang look
anyway this is just different from me
I'm not used to looking like this so I
have to kind of just you know I do a lot
of fussing with it because I'm so not
used but it's cute you can if you want
to do the part it looks good it's
possibly enough that you really don't
need to see that hard part line in it I
think it may be a little more patient I
could go back in and part it but I'm not
strung out on that because Hat night
under the tent is going to end up like
this on me anyway that one you have to
have the personality for it if you're
not a big hair person you know it's like
because there's another way that I had
it was like a half way where was curly
and the older I got the more realistic
it got and I had style similar to this
with sew ins with synthetic hair or
whatever but it just it doesn't it
doesn't have natural textured hair like
I think on some points because it's
still in a little shiny and I'm waiting
for the shine and luster to go it still
kind of looks like away and I'm gonna
keep playing with it cuz you know the
thing with synthetic curls is they fall
and they can pull out and so you're
always reflected it but you know I want
to cut like this week so I'm constantly
cutting the pieces that drop it's like
it's one day there's no it's not going
to be any wig lift on this air but I'm
loving it
glasses at home give you the trendy look
yeah
