hey girls into Jersey and we need to
have a smart brown girl discussion about
Ernestine and the importance of her
storyline on the TV show underground oh
my gosh yes I am talking about season 2
in this video publicized here on my
youtube channel I am doing reviews they
are just posted in video and glow for
that on my website Julie calm if that's
too much for you you wasn't a role in
anyway hate but for the rest of you you
can subscribe to my blog and it will
come straight to your inbox or follow me
on Twitter or Facebook where the post
funnel out as well this is super helpful
because I can give you what you want
moving in the direction that I need to
this accomplishes so many things but
tricks the season to review so I'm mega
relatively calm and now let us get into
this question on earnest Steve brought
to you by Sharp tomorrow girl calm now
with the long sleeve tee that are super
comfy again I've seen in season two is
basically a crackhead and her storyline
addresses several layers of interval
histories for treatment a black woman in
their bodies in America
the most obvious one is how we castrate
the images of black folks who fell into
the crack epidemic could discipline in
the context of how drugs that befell the
black community were seen as an epidemic
and in modern times the drugs that have
rapidly befell suburban white home seen
as a crisis where folks need and deserve
saving
Ernestine and all her creamy beige
bedeviled glory I mean I do get a giggle
out of how hard it is for Hollywood
actors to hide their glamour even with
plenty enslave energy everything
humanizes the trajectory that leads one
to becoming addicted to drugs do you
fault her first nothing ether or do you
understand the pathos that brought her
to this point the never having power
over her own body never having power
over what came from her body not the how
the what or when even when she felt like
she has some semblance of power even
when she felt like she had some
semblance of control it was such a state
lie that
we came crashing down around her her
first child with soul downriver she
watched her second child be killed
how other children are offering of her
master I think she was doing because she
thought Allah protect their children
from be hard torture of the world they
were coming into the precipice of
Ernestine's torment speaks to the
freedom black women have struggled to
get some semblance of over their own
body to exist in the body that in one
sense maintain slavery as you are used
to multiply a slave owners cattle but is
also what keeps your people alive the
passing on of culture and preservation
the ancestral line is divine from you in
as well an active resistance and falling
under oppression it's a battle and
Ernestine is living through the torment
of it all but this is not a torment
signal at the heart we make fun and have
LuPone the character the black women
crack on who ain't got time for that
while having all the fields for Erna see
we have got to reevaluate what God is
here and what we must do better pushing
back against a system that has shaped in
the fairies viewpoint created this
definition only to benefit imperialism
Dorothy Roberts and killing the black
body breaks this down very thoroughly
the history of policing black woman's
body from slavery to present day it is
definitely a worthwhile and good read it
is so great to see Ernestine and by this
history so poignant Lee critical flaw in
pop culture is always welcome in the
world of smart brown girl and this is
short and sweet giving you plenty of
room in time but for the thought on your
own juices
