hey guys is Judy and surprise surprise
with its hair girl let me get used to
but I am doing reviews of the second
season of own TVs Greenleaf thank God
for the marketplace that had me so my
whole weekend girl obsessed absorbs
we're watching the first season of green
we'd want Netflix it is that good and to
the be Mary Jane was so damn when tastic
this season we decided green leaves
would be a great time to review and pick
up my skills in time for the second
season of insecure which comes back to
HBO on June 23rd so so so so much heat
for black is to American crime which I
love but like it is too damn deep and we
take up too much time for me to be able
to recap or review and under why I'm so
here for Harriet but nope no reviews
from me they told you laying right so
you can catch funky Geneva's reviews on
the show and now here we all with green
leaf I'm just delighted to see so many
black faces beautifully shot on my TV
screen remember to thumbs up if you
enjoyed this content shared because
discovery happens to my audience there
is a blog post to go along with this I'm
working on my writing skills plus I
wrote an article for the route about the
return of the season as a whole and you
know shop Michael is a lot right side
this time shot smart brown girl the
pillow and the taupe eyelid I just
ordered one of each pillow for my whole
house so tracks and I have new
long-sleeve shirts which also order for
myself everything it's late I put on my
best rectify Christian make sure off my
head is it working is it working
let's hit a quick recap of the first
season of what resonated the most with
me the book of Joel was a running theme
throughout Greenleaf and peril before
the family that oversees the megachurch
Calvary and they all go under one group
my guy and like a mini mansion in the
suburbs of Memphis Tennessee the series
features mascot masterful performances
by Lynn Whitfield who plays May
the Greenleaf matriarch and Merle
Dandridge who plays grace Greenleaf the
prodigal daughter who have returned
after 20 years upon a family full of
deep deep secrets
grace was once a powerful preacher in
her family's Church and a favor of the
parishioners so when she finally returns
to the pulpit she gives a rousing sermon
based on jokes chapter 3 verse 26 that's
how I said in the kingdom i out like
church to see my girl frequent things
all right how do you do young but anywho
so in adverse job has cursed his wife
and he's lamenting I have no peace no
quietness I have no rest only time Oh
heals Grace's sermon then goes on to be
the most comfortable service for Calvary
where the theology kind of walks the
line of prosperity preaching leading the
Greenway patriarch Bishop James who's
also very well played by Keith David
he's so charmingly flagrant she just
able to sit and manipulate the holy
world into the materialistic mean
burrow the high job of methodically
paced out is really what holds you
integrally it was also so frustrating to
watch every member of the
holier-than-thou Greenlees clan use
grades at the scapegoat though they're
indignant self-righteousness helps the
shot of Christ we address kind of like
the complex issues that we face daily
but we commonly see go to the rug and
the show doesn't really good job it just
opposing the use or really the
manipulation of the Bible and
Christianity to excused one's actions or
laughable of so we have Mike Hart the
son Jacob is caught an affair with
Bishop Wright as a saint and his wife
forgives him in the name of keeping
grace from stopping his ascent to pass
the hood because infidelity isn't a big
enough boulder in the pathway like grace
is really a hinderance to Jacob 80 a way
max ability to cover up and get away
with his indiscretions kind of a live a
tangled web of efforts by the
Greenleaf's family to ascend and profits
from their charts Crowley ain't pretty
they should pay so up right after all
interestingly ties into that sermon that
was so profitable from grace about Joel
326 because it's the last version of
chapter and then the next chapter goes
into how this man's name I could see
this terminate terminate girl you know
I'm in church to me that GU tells Joe
hold that like why because we are you
concerned because the upright never
perish right that's the you know the
kind of mutual inhabit the earth seemed
that the upright and those who obey God
even in the heat of the moment when they
feel like they're at a total loss if
they hold out in their faith in their
patience they are the ones that will win
in the end and then God's boys coming
booming it's like Joe you know maybe
he's blessed twice over so but in the
end it's my mission isn't so I write
after all so the downfall of Matt causes
the faint light facade of the Greenleaf
families to entirely crumble and all
this fall squarely on the shoulders and
grace this annoys me to no end
even though May delivers some of the
best lines here drift in the Des Moines
and southern charm and Biblical Shay
that is a major questions I mean is why
your grace constantly absorbing the
blame everyone else places on her green
leaf also highlights the push toward
Christian forgiveness and how that can
be twisted to keep a beaten woman silent
while the mother of an abused daughter
so movies respect you the charts and she
not only forgive everyone silence but
she also continues to work in the church
with a man who sexually abused her
daughter has power like I mean this is
an access and green leaf that really
keeps it intriguing and I still believe
the show inspired a lot of important
conversation without trying to like push
religion or theology or even anything to
tell me I guess Christianity itself it
kind of pushes more of us thinking about
how he is human manipulate into things
like the human action
- now max in the season finale the like
the big cliffhanger with that max
somehow got out of jail and it turns out
he threw bishops under the bus by
getting mace father Henry and may to
setting the fire that burned down the
green beast first Church and this file
also killed a charged worker Daryl James
who was not supposed to be in the
building at the time I'm really really
really really really hoping that the
show doesn't beer off too far into like
Perry s melodrama with it being revealed
that the rival pastor bassy Banksy bassy
is it baby baby skank like well I would
a nine girl is the son of barrel James
and that that whole fed up where he
comes into the bishops office it just
felt like a dream sequence I don't know
how much I trust it to my early question
about race always absorbing the blame
made frustration with grace and may
sister Mavis it's so crazy to see Oprah
quite a drunk ah makes a bit more sense
now that we know that Henry sexually
abused me as a child and that's hosting
in the nursing home which is creeptastic
and depressing like who but may is able
to use that to convince her father to
not testify about the fire getting the
DA to drop the case against the bishop
but now what happened to Mac who
supposedly just know so much dirt about
so many folks in it
hey and all her complicated layers is
really my favorite thus far favorite
character on the show because I want to
throw so much disdain at her and judge
her but I just reserve you had a land
whistles performance bad odds Brown what
he goes in with the dagger no strength
it's this showcasing your
what is that what he said when she came
I Carissa she's dead - Karissa who I
just look like whiny I loved the
performance between zorah and I love
love love that name - and graces
daughter Sofia I especially loved Nora's
after all she is such a cute girl I am
looking forward this season to seeing
the development of the relationship
between the daughter charity you catch
that great face charity and Jacob
affected but you know the relation
between charity and her musical director
Carlton and her husband today it is a
hoop to see to see Carson from a living
single playing cultist husband Reggie
and I mean yeah it does it can be seen
as cliche to have the music director of
the church be a gay black man because
girl I will never never forget when I
was interning at BMI and we had a gospel
music conference it was on hey she is
the YAG the storyline has been done so
many times over there and there is
Cherry's husband who is battling with
his own sexuality though he has never
acted on it enchantee lost one swing but
had a baby boy Nathan this Daniel needs
to get from God that's my mother's name
and she claims acceptance of all people
in the name open you know we're all
humans but also kind of like in the
ideal sea racing it doesn't acknowledge
the complications and the aggressions
and the oppressions that people deal
with of different life styles and now
she is extremely close to Carlton and
his husband much to the division of the
church's Deacon board so on the flip
side she is actively refusing to wear
husband Kevin on any level it's quite a
precarious way to highlight how he box
and men's sexuality and the lack of self
acceptance they are taught but charity
appears to be accepting and acknowledges
that you can't pray the gay away but
then in reality she's not willing to
talk or hear Kevin out at all yet she's
running into the arms of confident
Reggie I'm really really interested to
see where this goes with Kevin putting
himself in therapy no I'm not quite
clear what kind of therapy this is
because in claiming it's not conversion
therapy and he's begging charity to go
is he just like no I don't have a
conversion therapy what he's saying it's
not oh I don't know and he's saying that
he wants to be which is white even after
acknowledging I mean do we say he's gay
is sexuality for men that absolute of a
binary he hadn't acted on it I don't I
don't like girl I but definitely Kevin
storyline time and will confront a lot
of complicated questions and I'm
definitely interested to see how
Greenleaf handles it cuz we notoriously
respected talents but not the humanity
of black gay men and as a deacon board
makes noise about profits marriage it'll
definitely be great to see greenies do
what it does this allow the self
righteous to pull back the rug and
tackle the underbelly of the symbiotic
wages of the black family and black
church alright
do you watch greatly if you have it you
need to catch up on the first season is
currently on Netflix it comes on on the
same time is underground but you know
tickle be my god why should be flops
with my reviews out let's having tea
let's go to discussions you know I love
a good show that makes you think about
your place in life and how you act and
react to things I love a good show that
inspires a good critical thought and
Greenleaf is that under here for you in
the comments down below don't forget to
thumbs up and we've already talked about
it shop smart brown girl calm
