hey guys it's Josie and it's time for
another pop snark when we talk about
everything from the low brow to the high
brow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek
and yes mines are definitely in line
with this fabulous fabulous beep clean
clean clean gray tonight what is this
for drinking clearly I took a sip
because my lipstick is on it we are
drinking a cutter own eye pressures at
Whole Foods because I'm trying to be
broke and bougie at the same damn time
this here was like I said alibis you
know not to find alibi we don't move
them no more Cheerios wine we not the
whole food wine next thing is the wine
shop then I'll have a sommelier yes girl
if you are new here be sure to hit that
subscribe button share share share this
video and of course that thumbs up is
necessary this is all about a dialogue
so Kiki along in the comments down below
this is my second time recording this
part because I am a plum full though not
so much like Ben Carson I still got some
wits about me
you can thank al Jazeera and their new
social commentary news channel news
broke for this here pop snark they are
collaborating with me to help me provide
you more the content that you want help
smart brown girls find other valuable
news sources like their host francesca
breaking down trump's impact on press
what does president Trump mean for the
future of the press it means we get
stronger now or we end up interning for
Breitbart they are hiring
supporting them is supporting me links
are down below for you to check out
their channel subscribe and get you some
new you know cuz I'm taking too damn
long below Butler with this partnership
with news broke
you watch them we get more posh mags
first up is the Oscars well the ending
because the Russell's really a snooze
fest I had my nerves on 100,000 I would
matter tell happy as hell the maddest
elegance
that's a wife man still stole some of
the shine from moonlight that black
folks are always forced to be gracious
no matter what we staged moonlight is
more than deserving a Best Picture and
really I wish some flappers
let women would tuck the homophobia in
y'all all the gay men as a person
character aside P it can't respect their
own humanity name you were really a gay
well story but about the confines of
masculinity placed on black men overall
weight okay okay anyway why key you just
should be able to articulate why without
gay backing up my leg
if you cannot ban you know your brother
I loves it and the pictures of all the
ISIS who played sigh wrong through the
years make my heart swell and yeah has
to viola viola whose name is out who
melanin is always topping and boldly
colored gown winning Best Supporting
Actress for not wiping that not bubble
off her nose in that very impassioned
model welcome fences are all the passion
Grammys I mean the only real
significance was Bianca's performance
you can watch and read back here fit
Solange's win because the glow up is
real and winning for a song she wrote
eight years ago yes all the lessons on
patience and believing in oneself again
the naysayers Oh every part of me feels
so represented by Blue Ivy Wolfram
Madison who is clearly not a child
trained to ignore the paparazzi like new
ideas
I mean to her what is the paparazzi she
they call how best angle and best smile
it has three picture remember when he
was a kid he was a kid
mom no not smile right you were Hassan
she's on trying to make sure they caught
that right smile she did hear her mom in
the back our head
I'm sure her mama's always happy if I
won't picture day don't wait that comb
girl don't wet it okay get out don't
have all been skinned and I went to see
this simply because y'all were asking if
I was going to do a review and I have no
clue what there is actually to do it
earlier by I mean I robbed I mean it's
not a fire all of that movie like I'm
actually would go see it again but all
this talk about racial nuance where cuz
I mean okay I am really speaking and
still like a lot of projecting from
people just happy that Jordan Peele put
out a movie that actually went through
and turning white people into the pure
villain there was no white senior and
they were the villains attacking black
bodies I mean and I would totally get
that part but for me it doesn't move
past confronting racism on its nose like
anything deeper than white people are
racist inherently and here's all the
stereotypical ways that they are racist
I already see it I definitely encourage
you to go see it for yourself
and it doesn't offend my senses so I'm
happy to see this movie with a main cast
of black folks to be winning and I'm not
going to take away the joy from people
especially with 45 of the white house I
will bet folks has this joy and feeling
like they got something really really
deep I mean cuz that's the height that
folks did not have to actually think too
hard to feel like they were onto
something B I get it but most of us B
folks who come with me didn't all we was
the way thought iMovie was like any
excuse I mean I watch all necklace but I
could acknowledge that this storyline
even being told is a huge beat so
congratulations to join up you won't get
out the lights ignore if they had
developed Georgia Georgina's character
mourn a lot of points the movie worships
me explain
Pyke I just though it needed to be some
more development HBCU presidents met
with Donald Trump and no I do not
believe they were in the wrong and doing
so HBCUs are under federal walls and
funding these are the right kind of
black people that shouldn't meeting with
Trump but as with everything
Trump's use it as nothing more than a
photo op of course the actual executive
orders on HBCUs
says nothing and now is how we judge the
HBCU president based on their responses
to the issued executive order
Trump was really mastered writing out
hot air Kellyanne Conway the most scribe
we look at white women's ever with the
faux pas every black man's been caught
it has slash bag of their mama tell them
to get AC all bake how they met if they
had shoes on or not ladies pray and a
fitted dress girls ain't no one trying
to look at your dry up club leeway a
cushy know that Betsy DeVos continues to
be tone-deaf between the paint Rica para
guardar Ruby Bridges who was
aggressively harassed by Betsy's cousins
as she was the first black child of D
Saturday school to her issuing a letter
to dissident H refused our group of the
power of cultures what choice did black
folks have an education Mike who is
Booker T Washington Mary McLeod Bethune
this one i really suggest that black
folks at the turn of the 20th century
had the option to go to whatever school
they wanted to to get whatever education
they wanted to what and ang this is what
happens when people get into the
executive branch of the government by
paying their way through she is going to
push her agenda and twist history to fit
that agenda they woke impressed against
your local politician Cesar where there
is now a rat beef between Nicki Minaj
and Remy Ma and I mean I'll release I
really care I was still trying to driver
me might even knew that the Nicki was
talking about her person each always a
song about failure I mean I own guys
like do we verify it like you would
inspector did you text and verify that
was just talking about you
value figure it out yeah me but I don't
really care
so Nicky pull the steak move and release
take Latin back as a single on Apple
music that is a subscription service
with Drake and Wayne on a club banger
back you know how everyone hates group
project except that one person who's
happy to get to hide a lazy we know
Nicky will always take me out rapturous
critics who can't deduce that post
biggie Tupac most right these are
marketing ploys honestly let me slow was
just do I have somewhere sensor room you
haven't worked in the music industry the
whole this illness what would that do I
mean okay I will comment I would almost
venture to say that there is not any
woman in the industry on either side who
has not had sex whether it's a hookups
or a relationship with another man in
the industry we're adults
where's the slander in suggesting that
we've been adult safe Ebro to me is a
sufferable there's nothing about him
that I can stand but it's okay it does
in the each thing I hope you lick the
point in debate this is good
rummy verses are like being ham the flow
is just like why am i listening to this
little images when I am oh and I
concentrate and listen to the words come
on eat there ain't never been a hot beat
and Remy couldn't clearly either sample
anyway so regardless of Nikki lackluster
skills of a lyricist no problem about
this box is about y'all gotta hit me you
know you want to hit that
I don't just play smart not hard
Nikki pulls a lot of corny science but
the way most memories is better just
about and we'll move on some of us the
first openly gay football players I do
the Arizona Wildcat and this is just
here because not only is his name my
King Johnson yes my
- King but a sister's name is a queen a
- Queen I love my people I really do
and I wanted to share that love with you
but yes King knock down walls and
barriers and make the lesson we'll say
y'all full farsh me an Indian man was
killed at a bar in Kansas because a
member of the most threatening terrorist
group in America white men thought they
were Muslim and somehow arbitrarily
going down Muslims is the right thing to
do it I am so sorry but I don't want to
ruin this India man's name but I hope
that not only does it then we get this
small piece of justice a deserter but
that this story isn't quickly cycle out
of the news like the Muslim couple of
North Carolina who were murdered over a
parking spot again by the number one
terrorist in America Whiteman her day
went viral and I just don't anything why
y'all so efficient after that live at
enclosure
oh girl in a video Courtney need some
better friends and a lot more confidence
that video just read to me like all the
fake me outrage to goals we see promoted
on YouTube is social media except people
who don't want to live lives past pretty
Instagram pictures gone over Courtney
reminded me of a particular youtuber to
a boob but that's messy and I hope they
all find love and confidence and the
sense to stay away from young men was a
classic but where could like so
obviously value would be that a mile
away and someone someone please help
Courtney out with the baby here because
they was all the know Zelda over the
forehead she don't have a let's get it
some TV right quick because y'all be
asking to know I will not be doing
reviews of under run ball
ain't no one really watch my reviews and
underground reached out to those whose
reviews they appreciated I got the memo
maybe I'll do blog reviews maybe kicking
of blog reviews being Mary Jane is a
spastic
which is why there are no video reviews
on my channel please please bring my bag
because I'm still doing reviews on the
loose calm and each episode makes me sad
I mean not the last one so much but all
the rest of them in making me say not a
cathartic way married to medicine no
that's my ish and I wholly enjoyed this
season it's being time for Mariah to go
she's too bitter for her own good Toya
is Miss
and cheese and messy but I guess he has
a storyline and dr. Jackie I know why
Curtis won't let her head or adopt a
child that's clearly really what she
wants
what her calling is and his putting his
foot down on that because he already has
children who are now adults I mean I'm
not much of a fan of hers but don't let
my sunglass ruin someone else's marriage
heavenly I want to love her but he has a
more serious case of foot-in-mouth
disease where she just doesn't know when
to stop and I get Lisa is weak in this
on it but at some point what you are you
say what you had to say why is it worth
rehashing oh that's right cuz toy I need
a storyline this is f I finally caught
up in the season and I absolutely love
love love Randall's relationship with
his wife his wife might be my favorite
character on the show actually like
she's what I want to be I love her and I
love that we are exploring black
identities through Randall storyline I
just love also that I'm a G and getting
into an episode without crying except
the last two Brian Williams died and did
the did he pass on the funeral planning
for his granddaughter I was like left
episode I was over here trying to work
out bruh and I was trying to do my
little my little high knees and I was
born doing this group what is here but I
am a fan now and I totally get sighs if
it's just awful Randall's immediate
family all other white people's okay
whatever I'm the Manny who's Tobi
whatever
just show me Randall and his family of
all the nerve during Black History Month
the most ancient as white woman a bigger
snake the Taylor Swift and Kim
Kardashian combined will ever be was
Carol and Brian confessing that her lie
love the kidnapping beating torture and
death of Emmett Till over 60 years after
the fact come back man because she just
want to get a book deal and is doing so
in hiding where her family has been
protecting her whereabouts and identity
the past 60 years so she can live in the
piece her lives never offered the tale
family this is a history of white women
weaponizing their feminine agility
against black bodies Karen ain't side
for nothing she's once in for that shake
as hard Plus every member of her family
that has abided and keeping her hidden
ain't worth the graciousness and
forgiveness black folks are always able
to give out no matter the devastation
hmm she herself want to go grab a gun
because Emmitt suppose we whistled at
her as he said goodbye then while on the
stand or the trial for the men who
tortured and murdered
Emmitt he asserted that Phil had grabbed
her and verbally threatened her that was
1955 and in 2017 she's admitting to her
lie that got those white terrorists
acquitted I have nothing right
I do got all the last for Rachel Dolezal
returning to our homeland our peoples
the Nigerians I am crying at this child
changing our names and catch a it's even
funnier because the first person I ever
met with the main HS a woman is a
sociopath I'll have my bat shit fucking
crazy Eve hatch see my how to cook a
goofy foo she bout to be like that black
woman in the ancestry DNA commercial so
happy to find out she was like 20%
Nigerian so now that girl a is the most
important hat in her life who ever knew
that imperialism could be so hilarious
number 45 bout to appoint Rachel I mean
it gets it back this cabinet token as
she Negros
I beg go that is it my wine you're going
with tasty girl thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe comment share
follow me at jewel z everywhere snapchat
twitter facebook instagram there's
something else coming up I'm not aligned
we still going Perico ed stop
smart brown girl calm the toast I live
at the
hi
