ben Carson is canceled and I've been so
unmotivated to talk about this but girl
to have someone who has a child you were
taught to admire for being the gifted
hands he wasn't just the first black man
or first african-american he was
actually the first of all the first
neurosurgeon to successfully complete
the separation of Siamese twins
conjoined at the head bra and now we
must say goodbye because he is no longer
part of the family you and see because
slaves ain't never been immigrants le t
om because this just ain't elapsed and
common sense hey guys i'm zhu zi if
you're new here be sure to subscribe
thumbs up because yes that definitely
matters and share because how do people
find this stuff baby this is a community
power bi shop smart brown girl Zac - ben
Carson is currently the Secretary of
Housing and Urban Development
while we always knew that dr. Carson was
entirely unqualified for this role and
missed all the function of number 45
leading us into a certain destruction
and Armageddon Carson Reese is a softie
someone to joke about you're overly
educated but still clueless uncle who
you actually have fun debating with
because he is so damn ridiculous Mike
he's harmless and really just needs a
hug till this fool got up and ran for
our party that is so desperately Anita
black folk that here he is part of
number forty-fives camp of token and she
Negros not only our Bank hearts and
statements simplifying slaves to
immigrants who worked hard to achieve a
dream plumb stupid it is highly
dangerous that this man who oversees the
Department of Housing and Urban
Development believes in any faction of
this statement in an era where many of
our urban centers are being rapidly
gentrified this especially leaves
communities of color you the descendants
of those immigrants on the bottom of
that boat most vulnerable as areas that
whites with oh my I would never live
there they're now raising their rent too
damn high and their willingness to
overpay and push out the existing
residents this is a department that
oversees public housing fair housing
laws you know them government program
at eight in the first time home
ownership so Carson believing that
slaves are immigrants denied to
brutality and totality of the apparatus
that was slavery slaves weren't just
some people who slept at the bottom of a
boat got a kind of a bad deal so put
their heads down get to work and
overcome to find their dreams become
reality
this denies a psychological impact that
passes through generations that continue
to toilet land that the hands and
oppression of their ancestors built
hybrid areas as Carson's mother was a
domestic worker who dealt with severe
depression who attempted suicide sir
this pick yourself up by the bootstraps
rhetoric is often the lead to pushing
cutting back on government assistance
programs often printed as the cradling
of welfare queens and lazy color folks
but we forget how much the middle class
buys into government assistance
especially when it comes to programs
overseen by HUD that is the Housing and
Urban Development Department that
personnel receive HUD homes hello right
somewhere out there is a joke about ben
Carson being in the sunken place some
white may have said that Ben Carson beat
him out as director John Hopkins has
overtaken car somebody and now this
nonsense about black man formerly
coveted protected inherited by the black
community is deducing the preservation
of our ancestors Baban canceled
