hey guys is Julie and I'm here one of
the questions I get the most is about
how Georgia hi my head right sama bless
you I was in this get ready looming and
here's how it's on my wrap I literally
tie and tuck it it's not rocket science
this wrap happened to be from the rap
life alright I make sure one side is
longer than the other that I rap in
touch I Drive it to the front if I want
it bulkier if I want it flatter
I'll wrap it the other way hey wrap it
in the coming night
look at that a man but a chicken Wang
dang I was doing this in front of a
mirror it probably looked a little bit
tighter you know first thing first is
the eyebrows typically I would skim over
this part but I actually have a new
price that I've been using because
Macy's and the blue supply stores always
be supply girl the makeup store is
always out of Anastasia Beverly brow and
I'm not influential enough to pursue it
for the free so benefit brow yeah I've
been asking a lot about my brows I'd be
paying $15 nodding them spreaded by I
believe her name was Fatimah she's -
Indian girl it makes a difference either
my natural look at that natural brow and
the benefit brow I absolutely love this
is color number six
sebab a black oh oh hey follow my
eyebrows are drawn in and I also use my
la pro girl concealer under my eyes even
though I've actually been using cool
pants which yes is actually darker than
my single mission as you see in the
camera when I got a tan and cubed is
what I bumped up to when I can't bump
back down because you know it's all
about being closer to God via the Sun
and the melanin you got you got it right
also I cannot stand Jackie I inna right
because I bought new brushes and I
bought new brushes after doing a kind of
like we started telling you to watch
into Stephanie Nicole's and the white
label edge and not find the time so even
some Sigma brushes and who do I trust
the most as a makeup artist on YouTube
Jackie so I went in like watch several
her favorite makeup brushes videos and I
went to Sigma and I brought basically
what is now in her say she has a custom
set we Sigma and I already brought all
our brushes no really I think
these three brushes are the SAT the s35
and the e-40 are in this set and then I
also got the e25 and I have one other
brush
maybe I bought this as a set actually
hope maybe that's why I got all v5 I
remember girl but this figure was set
because it was the closest one to what
she said her favorite brushes are and
you just like I'm late to the party but
okay whatever look I be trying to sports
the spit and then you you know you this
one this is my second time getting this
one and it is alliteration so using the
same warmer CA content Meister eyes are
illuminating in golden radiance Laura
Mercier is room because they don't
really don't go into that deep shade I
don't know what warm earth is doing 1200
Bupa is coming out orange curtain just
like I should do whatever jelly
literally with the creamy made and
highlight under my pie a little lesson
star like so have a motivation allows on
YouTube I've been trying I think I can
finish unrealistic schedules for myself
on how many videos I can pump out on top
of like they'll try to do more writing
so the video content I'm putting it out
you have your research because I'm a bit
please let's go okay I was just a new
trend to highlight without contouring or
just something I've been doing because
I'm lazy I have at picked up some new
products back my Sigma brushes I also
got this more Mercier
what is this the smooth finish
foundation powder it really does make a
difference and I'm just going to apply
this all over my face because to even
out how light under the Iowa map this
has been my go to look clearly because I
hate jockey I you know I also got her
artist Couture highlight palette and it
came with three so the main color is
like this it's called LeBrons it's this
really pretty rose gold color but I mean
as much as I dream of being darker
this is a little bit too much of our
orange red undertone natural doesn't
work as a highlight on me it does I just
happen to like there's another the
conceited more as a highlight and I love
wearing this on my eyelids like this is
a beautiful beautiful eyelid color and
I've been wearing me a shot of it and I
take that new Sigma tapered blending
brush and it's going to make a light
brown color and put that into my crease
so that I can blend up
look at me acting like I know what I'm
talking about I might not know what my
face aq
honestly when le out here buying in our
own password
Jackie found the unicorn of a gay man
with a full hairline over six feet tall
I decide I got in the wrong profession
on YouTube but I should just be make a
being out here at poor now I just take
all brush I just ditched it pat pat and
then I'm going to pack this onto my
eyelid how pretty it's just such a
pretty color Lum being messy oh and I
love how it's such a big thing of it
this one I put a little too conceited in
the corner of my eye and I'm picking a
dark brown and flying is it I don't know
my waterline travel to fall to town and
I'm gonna put on some lashes which
normally if I'm not exploding a video I
don't put lashes on because usually like
me as is and let me go ahead and take my
tapered what is this called the tapered
highlighter brush look I gotta brush it
just for highlight and go ahead and pack
that on like I got a bit of sense
honestly it's popular as if heavily
highlighted look is it doesn't look good
in person I'm trying to become I see
Facebook I'm gonna work on my based for
I spread it though
a little bit of a regular blush color I
have big ass cheeks and a lot of brown
our girls don't wear blush as clearly I
mean every bit of color I can get I
don't know I bring this stuff I always
are like the one thing YouTube can make
me go by is makeup I'll be watching the
makeup gurus Auto black girls I'll be
watching them I'll be supporting and the
Mac retro I could never is carnivorous
this is just a where-where's I mean to
say I want to take carnivores that my
how do you protect me from outfit and I
wanted something to like a deep plum
I don't go to deep red and getting in
carnivorous but then I went back and got
high drama which is like always sold out
because I love girl gang in Smashbox and
I like the color that's misconduct is
but I don't like how it wears on the lip
it just traps up it flakes off really
quickly but I like how the formula holds
up on this one but it does take
different formulas to make different
colors I'm going to take my favorite lip
pencil hodgepodge by Ernest chestnut
there are white and brown colors from
that and so my listen how do you have
big lips you absolutely positively need
to fill you let someone lip liner big
lips full it need a GU Brown and then
what's the price high drama here is the
final bit 5 cookies man tonight I should
throw in the Minnie Riperton on baby
breaths I had a Desilu ball into my head
with pop stars because I not always be
overdone
I can always be overdone alright hope
you enjoyed this game buddy we need to
chitchat I hope you enjoy it
Zilla maybe you learned some non makeup
makeup tips I forgot to pick them
Instagram decription if you enjoyed this
video be sure to thumbs up if you're new
here subscribe and I hope you comment
down below and of course you know share
spread the wealth beauty
happen that's how we do oh wait hey oh
and the corner can shop smart brown girl
calm I have smart brown girl and say
this is my favorite one save less and on
either it is secret money
