but let's actually get into these tips
please listen carefully I see you
already readying some to type away a
question I've already ended in the video
if you just listen now
thumbs up this video the next most
confusing part of Cuba is the conversion
rate let's look at the facts because how
you go about this depends on your
personal preferences most importantly
your American bank and get it card will
work no we're in Cuba let me repeat that
American embargo says means you have to
bring all your cash with you all of it
plus them just in case sir Cuba is super
safe so you're fine coming into the
country with a thousand plus valid but
that is what makes Cuba expensive not
that you spend all that money because
Cuba can we've done cheaply but that you
have to bring all the money with you
just in case the American dollar because
of that embargo which is still largely
in place its penalized an additional ten
percent on top of the standard three
percent exchange rate fee that means the
dollar exchanges at eighty seven Cuban
offense not to there are two currencies
in Cuba the Cuban convertible pesos
otherwise known as the CUC or kook is
what a tourist use then there is a Cuban
peso or CU p that the locals you and
minimum just need to remember that there
are two different currencies that look
distinctly different so you don't get
swindled for some now there's a whole
lot of opinion around what's the best
way to convert there's banks and connect
us all throughout Cuba where you can
exchange monies and none of these rates
vary that much sounds well suggests
governing your dollars into euros in the
states in order to get around the
penalty fee in Cuba this totally depends
on the exchange rate and especially with
all the elections of little whole things
happening that can fluctuate a lot this
is where I
my mistake the bangkok metropolitan an
official bank in cuba post exchange
rates on their website they are not
accurate
baseball's own rate I exchanged for
Mexican pesos at my local bank and took
as bad of a hit as if I had just in the
13 percent penalty my friend on the
other hand wrought dollars and was able
to find local who would exchange one for
one with her so other than a little bit
cheap straight at the airport to get a
taxi she came out on time what is your a
person who is really anxious while
traveling he's got in mind when you make
a decision on how to convert your money
now the CUC or coupe tourist use is
worth twenty-five Cuban pesos that the
local views I exchanged for coops for
100 pesos technically as a tourist you
are not supposed to use them so you have
to exchange discreetly with locals I
mean literally if you're changing
anything I'm running local be discreet
but I use this to purchase food from the
mom-and-pop shops and smaller items
because folks will try to get over on
you when they're raised are listed in
Cuban pesos and a glass of mango juice
only costed because with the conversion
rate l in all the artwork I bought I
spent about nine hundred dollars over
ten days in Cuba I could have done it
for under seven hundred if I didn't go
berserk at the art market but it was
learned and check my blog for follow-up
code on places to eat my favorite beach
and other recommendations I can't wait
to go back to Cuba and yes on a video
all about the art but the selection in
Cuba was as greasy
