accident come here
one ring to rule them all
okay take this ring what use a visor for
when you wear this ring - you will
disappear from the world from damn
hatred take nice I do not want the ring
take the fucking ring like oh oh babe do
you want to meet my parents
I just met you last night so that's it
yes take this ring
what here's a nice one yeah this is my
pizza
oh oh sorry you station I was don't
Bella do feel a poodle Cara Lehmann
Aramaic Unni most famous bill - ha mr.
Corrado whatever survived poor huh
figured a puta hey Jackie boy you got
that money you feel everybody come on
yup
yes
I wish the ring had never come to me and
none of this rappin
so cool to see such times the doctors
know what the fuck get out of my
bathroom smooth like fucking shit in
here anyone doctor talk should have got
wash it I'm on a new level
