hi can I please order a pickup just
large fried rice a honey chicken I'll
put you onto my brother and he can tell
you what he wants
yeah hello I said I'll put you onto my
brother he can tell you what he wants
one second
yeah Marcus here yeah listen I'm just
gonna put you on the phone to me mum
real quick she just has a question about
a movie so I won't be a second yeah
chicken chicken Yeah right
okay then doesn't appear to be a floor
or anything else yes there's a
thoughtful answer for I say anything
else you were looking for any type of
toy than that I am one honey because yes
yes I have minister for the progress of
my servers are looking behind you
completely I want me recent movie called
chicken run is that what you're after
hello yes yes I feel chicken run that
seems big okay at the moment of cover
begin chicken little very vicious little
movie is that what your are so is that
what you're after
oh yes yes
yeah yeah
