now our next guest is a technic comedian
whose latest viral video has clocked up
over 40 million views Damian come on
don't you see a costly enemy to a war
you're gonna grow up to be a strong
kangaroo Damien
who's the good kill oh wow
Damien the kangaroo has turned Jackson
Adobe's online Diaries and to come into
compulsory viewing and Jackson joins us
now Jackson
thanks for coming in you brought gifts
which is very nice for inviting Lauer's
and a potato for flowers for Sonya and a
hot potato waiting day I get its chain
oh I see why did you make a kangaroo
your pet long story really well few
weeks ago I mean a couple of friends are
driving home pretty late at night and we
saw a kangaroo that was passed away on
the side of the road and we I swear I
could see something moving in it so we
pulled over and when I had a little look
and it was actually Joey there ah and
that feels like we actually one of the
girls were with was a wildlife carer so
like with a gobble we got up and wrapped
up in a towel and put in the back and
thinking originally the baby - yeah
we're gonna take it to ago so now the
next day and originally the plan was
just take it home next day we'll we'll
take it in and then over the next day
because she had like a powdered milk
thing we ended up just bottle feeding it
a few times a day and cassini I'd take
care of it properly yeah
so we had it from end up having a Fred a
week and an after a week like I'd go out
to hang out the washing and it would
follow me everywhere yeah I should just
follow me around the whole house or my
mother huh pretty much yeah and so we
set up we did you better carry her
around like a little patch when I say
when I stir bottle fit always to do this
and she'd say mama yeah yeah but we set
up a proper little pouch root in the
laundry where she slept in it was pretty
normal but um yes weird why did you call
her Damian why not see
episode gender availability and
kangaroos is a real big thing at the mix
down here um Phil yeah yeah why then a
keeper and share with the world the mean
you're gonna raise her now yeah because
with a wild life Karen L that's good we
just we just did the right thing put it
to the in the right hands like I wish we
had someone looking after the right way
as it was already but we give it to an
actual care center now we're yeah should
we kept for a few months and probably
release to the world when she grows up
so you don't just take it to the beach
in the park let's have a look at where
else she goes with you
come on Damien when you go to some work
maybe in the wheelbarrow and take it out
there you want to get paid you have to
do work how's your smoking on Damien
with that Damien just don't worry about
your nose put that in there we're gonna
be fine
what's on your agenda we're gone 730
there's no block ever what about your
overseas fans because 40 million views
obviously a lot of people overseas will
see this do they think this is normal
yeah no no no like you see I lived in
the UK for about a year and over there
one of the first questions ever asked is
there snakes is there sharks and do you
have a pet kangaroo and I was like no
not really but now obviously that's not
gonna help there when a probably think
it's non whatever bet congruent everyone
has angry right-wing men they have the
nice talking point yeah how's it going
with your relationship statuses
yeah Damien does get a lot of attention
from girls and boys and everything all
that like you're at Nando's a few weeks
ago just having some chicken and rice
and a young girl came up and was like oh
you should give me a number and I'll
keep bring my friends around and meet it
and I was like oh take a photo for you
but yes a good vault attention down the
beach especially one just comes up and
says hello she's getting used to it so
it's good but it's good the attention to
Derry goes like that there's get in
silver Heights let's take and there's
again yeah yeah she loves our chicken
and rice good idea like it's not it's a
really nice story that most people just
drive past week you make something of it
yes I said Cheers
glad you saved her yeah if you want to
see more of Damien just head to
Jackson's Facebook page and thank you
for the flowers no worries I'll just
show them really quickly really yup here
we go yeah they go actually quite
expensive would I just next door turn
and Rosie book David what these are
vegan hey well thanks is ms/ms
still the count that's an organic potato
- that wasn't cheap Oh - degree this you
saw am i stuck up on a payment plans to
start paying back for a twin who had
fertilizer I get that but
