my name is Jackson O'Doherty and I am a
personal trainer without doubt the best
in the world
lift heavier for God's sake you want to
be strong or not fuck me pussy my name's
Jimmy this is sharmee and I speak
Jackson in particular every other
personal trainers well welcome look have
a look at it what may be the kind of
personal trainer I've just always been
about helping people you know like okay
now this is a problem here okay so now
it's stuck on your neck now it's stuck
on your neck you're stuck you have to
get it up you have to get it up be a man
for once in your life
sharmee why don't you tell us about your
goals and how you how he's helped you
accomplish them I just want to get
really big and it gives me endless
amounts of steroids being under the
influence of steroids anything that
that's the Casa fighters you know
cheating
I know we're all natural hair natural
it's all net who said steroids or to
fuck you okay
rumors are you threatened some of your
clients I threatened some of my clients
don't know who the hell you heard that
off it's not fuck yard to fucking listen
to what I fucking say is is it how much
do I charge my clients depends if
they're female or male know what I mean
now Jackson's always been there for us
you know he's like helped us through a
lot of dark times
holy even taught us a Nutbush dance well
oh yeah yeah that's my favorite that's
definitely
I could never do like like you know a
push-up you struggle on there some now
now to two years do some push-ups have a
snort of this son ah that's what you
need yeah yeah yeah what do I have that
other personal trainers don't have what
don't I have you know I've got I've got
your steroids you clenbuterol fat
burners
I've got your melanotan tanning
objection sharmee was always big always
growing up big but he was never ripped
actually had a bit of a weight problem
come on he says alright you get a bit of
a weight problem but now look at him now
look at him so today's lesson guys is
how to defend yourself from a pedophile
Shami what would you do if a random old
man ten was coming towards this area no
no we don't we don't consent to this
jimmy care to show you what we do this
is the hand coming towards no put it
towards me this is all going to do okay
so we're going to grab the wrist break
the wrist walk away easy break the wrist
break the wrist walk away that's it so
no Sharma you're going to break the
wrist and you're going to walk away what
do you laugh for that punk it's got a
nothing these does have a little dick
decision world's worst personal trainer
or world's best personal trainer hey
yeah
you
