should we hook up while is not filming
no hey guys I'm charlie I'm Jackson Oh
Doherty and today we're just as Park
Rangers we're gonna hand our pointless
fine
some people are bloody idiot really
that's just fucked I just paid for it hi
yep
do you have your receipt push the
receipt you have the racino mate we need
receipts two minutes
how are we supposed to know that though
no way I was just yummy we just want our
job me that's all and some boys up
idiots it's just one hundred
eighty-seven dollars fifty today I said
no smoking area here I didn't know I'm
no that's alright I also they grabbed
that off you mate monster this is part
of the Brisbane fire plans
I like strictly no smoking so I'm just
so right you're fine I'm to run up a
quick ticket for that
do you burst ever get handy we'll see
we're not allowed to smoke in this area
marijuana's and this or that knows my
marijuana is in there no no marijuana
okay we'll have to start with your best
friend's name my best friend's name yep
you serious you realize that is illegal
in Brisbane to sleep in public like this
oh that's later I'm just resting we're
not here to fuck around we'll put it
that way
it's just our H and s regulations you
have to just look straight when walking
out like to just danger for the birds
the bees there yeah there is a lookout
up ahead if you want to go there you can
get photos and just to make sure you
wear the PPE protection the appropriate
eyewear so you don't get any bees or
Birds
yeah butterflies otherwise I'd have to
watch out but you're on a per ticket I'm
sorry are you guys from here wee bit low
on cash that's gonna be a $35 fine so we
need to get lunch today guys so it's
gonna be a $49 fine today no
that's just a ticket to my bedroom Oh to
you baby tonight yeah a nice big horse
all right my number yeah how big is the
bed to King Arthur King King slice so
share it let's pit playroom for all four
of us give us a call and we'll go from
there
awesome perfect it's lovely have a
lovely day I was just wondering you do
realize that this footpath here you
don't have to wave the arms about it's
just too dangerous yeah I some viral
video the running man just people being
injured being people injured upon
footpaths everything okay I'm not from
here no it's just you just hands like
this whilst you're walking you're after
that's a snippet but you don't I mean
it's just kind of like that it's about
10 kilometers long here up until the
very end at something yes only 10
kilometers about a you just doing about
24 and a half kilometers an hour have
you been on this route before or no now
I'm I'm visiting now all right just some
drivers license sex he's a known habit
to speed or you just you didn't realize
how fast you're going and I didn't
realize that there was a speed limit
here I should you up mate limit on that
that bridges okay that's fine we're
gonna need that today I just you don't
have a birth certificate oh I do but not
with me that's that's then is it back at
home in time where would you mind faxing
and copy back to my myspace account I'm
just here on my job you're doing your
job and if you want to talk to him
that's cool yeah unfortunately we
haven't got many fines there so we're
just trying to give them out real easy
now in gonna see seconds
sexuality male favorite sex position Oh
best cowgirl with a boil Go Go hey guys
I don't know if you guys were aware this
is non-alcoholic zone I don't have it
all right but uh energy drink serious
looks a bit like alcohol so um I we got
up from the bloody several mmm I
definitely bourbon in there is that all
right baby to near my Jack Daniels
looking so bloody from the 7-eleven Mike
I can smell you put your own Bourbon
there I think right Mike we do a chest
on a mango got my bloody black Oh mommy
maybe but I can definitely smell it
absolutely cheering right right right we
can see in your voices it's a very drunk
like the hi you just being very
aggressive vessel will get on their way
it's just a one hundred and $29 feet
today
yeah but I'm not we open a form when
it's not even air coal mine would you
like it on MasterCard or cash alright
we're not praying for no mine really we
want a party tonight my discussion here
call buddy
no we've we've gotten we've discovered
the factors on alcohol he just wants to
give out a fine because he needs to
party tonight that's all
are you touching for them what do you
thought you thought I'd hear just a bit
stressed
oh yeah we're not doing the rock you
leave you drinkin drinkin a radial grace
I used to roll away sorry buddy you're
on what about this what if I give you an
invite to my open party time
no we don't want to enjoy we don't learn
I like you $129 we'll put it on card or
mail I don't know how many times it's
going to take people to learn smoking is
not permitted in this parklands
there's no smooth like no smoking
permitted in this area I'm going to have
to put that out
$99 fine for smoking 10 and if you're
aware about two weeks ago state law was
made to stop H&S for passive smoking for
children's village children come to this
area
we're just not allowed to smoke much
around here so obviously we're here
today to put it out for you we'll try
we'll try make this quick normally only
takes us a minute to smoke one full
cigarette we'll get rid of it pretty
quickly but being close to weekend I
think will give you just a warning time
I'm not going to give out any fines just
today so obviously you know while we're
pulling you up today
no I'm intrigued okay so so you're
currently on taking photos of private
signage oh yeah private properties are
only that sign is private property so
when I like it's okay cuz look I work
for out of the box okay so long and I'm
you'll be understandable we're about to
give you a 9 on dollar fine first I say
you work for out of the box well can I
get in your box
that way we can my over that way to come
over the thing would you like some no
I'm good you don't want any oh all right
hello just grab your number and then
we'll get you on Oh for now we're trying
to get a threesome to be honest
