what's going on guys it's my birthday
this weekend on tomorrow so I've got
Jacob and show me flying down from
Brisbane for the weekend I'm gonna
better go pick up Jacob of 1 p.m. and
show me at 4 p.m. no idea why they I'm
trying to do a vlog here Jaden can you
fuck off
what sorry I'm a rude friend standing
there watching hey I've just told you it
is perfect
tomorrow we go to Sydney we're gonna ID
koi yard party every the first time I
drank all year
if chaining are you doing fucking yeah
I'm trying to do a vlog you yeah it's
ready to do his arse good to sit there
and watch we reckon he loves being on
camera
yeah I live with him asleep with him I
eat with him or channel and argue issues
it's acute as issues like already ours
show off and now mostly giving the
camera angle up on QB this pg-rated
doors yeah and if you think then oh and
look yourself
nothing walking banking an eggroll on a
Saturday morning with coffee on a
Saturday morning
oh I have social friends James just
doing where does every single day laying
in bed almost fucking with ya
I was literally well no there's no proof
that you have a coffee with me now I'm
at the Newcastle Airport span to pick up
Jake
Jacob / Jake I just call him Jake
because his name's Jacob and Jake's a
bit like Jacob but Jake
it's like charmese best mate / cameraman
there he is
hello jakey boy oh I think he's got me a
coffee
how's your cock all right it's pretty
good but here's your coffee it's a it's
caramel latte thank you oh yeah my god
mom already finished it thank you for
that you're gonna jump on in did you
spit in this
nah what up good
you know I don't want to give you
chlamydia oh man it's gay lilius all
right
this weekend begin but yeah just rocking
back up at the airport
it's 4:30 p.m. Shami has just landed so
we're here to pick him up there is Shami
looking for a ride sir oh this is awful
nice this is black and white cat this is
awkward evil filming it's been helping
online they spend not be going on armed
some sort of social media thing no no no
this one day this I'm filming you mate
mate I got you on camera I'll put you on
mobile phone go back together again
that's pretty good placing actually and
we're the two best friends and anyone
could have yes wave its bit we don't get
Turk tonight no no no tomorrow tomorrow
night
how's your foot good sir how's yours
how's your doodle oh good thank you
thanks for asking
okay
shitty vice my doing fuck just got
Anytime Fitness spent a pompe pre gym
birthday session don't get get per bar -
now that fucking spot
we gonna shut this piece-of-shit copy in
the bin because I'm a good boy
poopy bambam all right let's do this
joshie best punch running coward punch
once they running coward punch yes yes
oh yeah okay so it's officially my
birthday just turned 22 I feel a little
bit sick then I'm not 21 anymore but you
know what they say
so it's my birthday and I'm enjoying
your McDonald's breakfast
we're coffee with 15 shots of coffee in
it which is one just one for birthday
I'm 22 years old now so I thought they'd
dress more appropriately so drinking
iced coffee that's what old people do so
on the way from Newcastle Sydney now for
my birthday
I'm officially 22 years old and I'm
being miserable
JK oh yeah bring it back now
yo yo drop the beat motherfucker bring
it back now uh-huh pose spaghetti this
girl's got spaghetti on his spaghetti
already his mom drops spaghetti but he's
nervous with her here we come maybe no
you see my scars would do it just left
coach Kings my two number ones the hey
brothers I just bought me my first pair
of Converse this the second you're
wearing cheap shitty shoes that look
like converses thanks mate thanks Travie
first beers of the day boys yeah you
know fuckin wrong cake dead yeah they're
all talking about Shami hoes I'm
following everyone from Rivera he
follows them while is here with them
then Susie goes back to Brisbane Yun
follows them Cal Poly nearly 14 people
in defense even if his best mate doesn't
post he just doesn't follow them all
right so go up here the priceless ways
NOLA boy
we're about to another group photos give
it over yeah oh fuck you oh yeah yeah
let's make like a tree and leave okay
see birthday he's just going to skip the
line look at this guy's give it about a
thousand miss cozy
it's been a big night wasn't it
they're very large Monson just woke up
in the hotel with Shami
who's an absolute state Jaden
hey Jacob have a cigarette for those who
don't know Jacob gave up smoking about
two months ago and hasn't had a
cigarette ever since
now he just eats them you see GP push
arms um right
he's wearing my shirt I'm wearing his
shirt weight Jackson have you saying
more Sunny's Sunny's yeah yeah come on
so breakfast after a big night out last
night let's let's make like eggs and
scramble let's make like hockey players
and get the puck out of here let's make
like a nut and bolt the day after my
birthday is now Anzac Day hearing Sydney
may go place them to up and gamble and
lose all of their money and be really
happy about losing all our money because
it's sometimes more money more problems
as one would say no I'm saying it's bad
day so I'm spread the wings and flying
one will say I've had too many Red Bulls
but I'm just high on life you know I'm
saying
we're sending into the watershed here
down darling
arbiters to have a really quick beer
just to celebrate Anzac Day
we'll just hear it on the casino in
Sydney what do you don't show me I
wouldn't put it online you go dollar on
heads
I die getting literally a grip see if I
can share this $1 into $2 that is how a
hustler is born works his way up
hey jazz ask me how the elevated
businesses go to business
oh it has its ups and downs so it's the
end of my birthday weekend here in
Sydney and I thought what better way to
celebrate the great weekend than a good
old song
let's hit it boys oh oh
his mom's spaghetti there's vomit on his
mom's spaghetti already cuz his mom's
got spaghetti but his nervous cuz he's
got spaghetti you already the drop stuff
um see I don't really have anything else
to say I just wanted to say that I don't
really hang me off to say so it's been a
great weekend thanks everyone for
watching
is there not be going online sar dude
