rise and shine show me what's wrong
Thank You Li what's wrong what do you
think
fuck you've got the shittest breast um
what's wrong what's wrong with you look
other ones you got shit breath I come
prepared
Shami you thirsty
okay so you might even thirsty finally I
see well so Shawn is terrified of snakes
I'm here's my mate we've got four snakes
he's out there sunbaking so I'm good Shh
sorry Shami
cut it off we'll never get it off it's
just a snake road this disappointment no
get it off it just venomous it's okay
dude get away just bend over set as well
see bro have a lovely day
that's it get it off see Bruce Lee
Jackson get off need a jacket Jackson
get it off to chop my neck did you want
me to get it off laughing get up get it
off see you want me to get them off get
it off
Oh godl rapping my name I've gotta go to
work
this isn't funny boy me write it off
you're on just get it on it's all right
they don't that angry look
alright jokes over just get it ought to
go I'm gonna go to work see but I have a
lovely
