yeah now listen I just tested positive
to AIDS yeah no I might have been that
horse that I was playing around with
when I was drunk no I just got other
doctors then yeah I was getting cream
for my genital warts I don't care that
you're my cousin like they can't they
can't say we don't love each other and I
think you're gonna make a great mother
of my child
well I couldn't help that I fell in love
with you it doesn't just us being
related was just a bit of a speed bump
but we're gonna work through it yeah no
I just got out of the doctor's then I
was getting genital wart cream yeah I
think it takes about a week for to start
working I've got that urinal sample you
asked for you want me to drink it did it
taste weird well the taste is a bit like
piss I've got my dog's poo sample here I
was just wandering the state's a bit hot
today and it's like melting in the bag
and is it gonna be okay
what what do you mean my try it sorry no
just a poop you know tastes a bit nutty
and a bit off but then again I haven't
eaten dog poo before would you like some
hey Dad yeah no I'm just looking at beds
now yeah of course I get one big enough
was to have some fun in sorry now you
just had a laugh at what I said he
thinks I'm joking yeah yeah no I think
it's a double I'm pretty sure I think of
squeak bits Queen okay well I think we
could have extra fun in a queen bed bed
my dad made my daddy yeah we could
definitely wrestle on it it's not weird
we related us that's just how I see it
yeah I got the cream for my genital
warts I'm just asking a man about the
lounge now no no no stop hassling idea I
think she's a bit worried had to go to
the doctors to get my genital warts
looked out and get a cream I just need a
hold on your example really quickly well
I taught my shoe yeah there oh thanks
buddy
urine
it's wait wait thank you ah I'm a
controller fine second or sure thanks
man
so what you saying doctor drink drink it
I see urinal sample
I can't just drank it thanks sir
