let's get a small caramel latte please
Oh yep sorry all right for a tea
oh I don't pay for coffee oh I have like
20,000 followers on Instagram so I don't
pay for coffee 29 they were cool thanks
mate see oh
I don't pay for things I've got 20,000
followers on Instagram and um I'll just
we might just to take this one I've got
like 20,000 followers on Instagram so I
kind of don't pay for beds I do you guys
do Instagram specials or anything you
don't what if I give you like a
shout-out like act like we're really
good friends and we get some followers
please get the Instagram famous meal the
I'm famous on Instagram meal I've got
20,000 followers can I please get that
meal you guys are have like a secret
menu for famous people I'll just get the
I'll get like 300 likes on Facebook from
the old place with the cheeseburger I've
got like what cash yeah I have an
Instagram Awards cards that build up
money from all my likes what if we just
don't tell anyone
look I'll give you a shout-out on the
sly oh there's no Pinner thing I just I
don't paid because I've got Instagram
followers I was just wondering like with
the chairs how much is it can you do any
cheaper just concern that that's it why
I need to get Robi
unfortunately I actually specialized in
the bedding Oh Rach I can help you out
he's just yeah
yep that's fine I'll just I'll just get
out of it I can get my Instagram
management to pay for it I have 20,000
followers all right that way yeah sweet
oh wow
I have 20,000 followers on Instagram I
don't pay for shares all right yeah now
I'm sorry but
oh yeah all you need me to actually
write some stuff up yeah yeah we'd have
to do an invoice and get it I can give
you a shout out I can get you some new
followers no no do that um save it
probably be able to look forward you're
suppose to try please check it out
