is that Jake Paul being pranked by his
own prey oh hey guys violet here back at
it again bloom I hold the camera like
this I look naked so you know how Jake
pranks me every single morning he wakes
me up at a very annoying way and
honestly I'm over it I've had enough to
hear so this morning it didn't work out
I'm too smart you know I'm just a smart
cookie
I stopped the prank before it began and
he didn't get to prank me this morning
so I have a bunch of water bottles
outside of my door right now that have
been there all day and Jake's in a
meeting right now downstairs but when he
gets out of his meeting we have to go
straight to an event at six o'clock and
it is 5:15 right now the second he gets
out of his meeting he's gonna run up
here and hurry up and change and his
doors can have all the water cups behind
it so when he opens it it's all going to
go everywhere so you can't prank me Jake
not anymore
I'm done I'm done hopefully you get the
message and let's just know that your
days of pranking me are over
a few moments later
he's gonna open that door gonna go
everywhere I sit through a towel there
so it doesn't get to the fridge I'm such
a good person well Jake that's what you
get don't mess with violet don't mess
with violet ha ha
20 minutes later he's about to come on
where's the go okay are you wearing that
no being pranked by his own prank oh
that's why I put the towel there so so
that didn't happen
how does it feel Jake I mean how does it
feel to get ranked by your own prime
your heart feels Alyssa it feels great
good because I'm 10 I've seen this I'm
I'm going how are ya I'm gonna kill it
yeah okay
I've fun cleaning that up and I'm gonna
get ready um it worked ladies and
gentlemen to conclude don't mess with
violent and
you
