Hey oh my god she's gonna freak out it
smells so good hey sisters
I just watched a bunch of James Charles
videos on YouTube my sisters know I'm
like I can't stop talking like it and
it's really funny yeah so yeah my mom's
coming in Wednesday and it's Monday so
I'm gonna get some stuff for her to come
and yeah
my boobs got so bad oh my god do I look
skinnier no nevermind I thought I look
skinny but I'm gonna go upstairs right
now and have a little meeting about
about Frankie's birthday cuz it's um
it's Thursday and we didn't prepare
anything yet and I want to surprise him
so everyone's up here McGrath go peepees
go boy wait so I'm eating chicken and I
want them to know no go under legal
under here what I'm sit oh just kidding
I love you I came down to see Barry
we're testing out our new chef Ryan hi
chef Ryan huh oh my god this looks so
good it smells so good ah squeeze look
at all the different angles in my face
when I turn oh yeah wait so should we
play mop or should we go to the movie
why are you so camera shy if you live in
this house you're not allowed to be
camera shot so these are right avocados
my big rock so annoying Londyn no what's
up running away then she's gonna want to
chase you
so I wanted to surprise Ricky because he
just got a new tattoo so I stopped him
on my location and I came to his tattoo
place and he doesn't know I'm here so
let's surprise him I feel like I'm gonna
die here surprise you I stalked you
nobody did you ask a few hi Annie
can I record in here yeah he's the man
he's the man holy shit that's wild right
oh my god it's kind of big I did hurt
toward the end you know when you start
getting what are you wearing pajamas
yeah we're just you know this is all
awesome so I decided to take my dogs for
a walk
are you ready my little crocodilly are
you ready my little wicked wiener let's
go she's pissed
let's sew rice your costumes look at the
costume did you just pull it off right I
had to take them off cuz they got too
hot and I don't want them to like
overheat little wacky what the hell
no good job by who there's no one else
on the street oh my god hello Alex
oh wait so Alex went to Melrose today
and someone broke his windshield oh she
may bro what the fuck
what's going stolen bro that came with
the car coming inside this is your old
house damn all this doesn't look like
our house do you remember it smells
different it smells good I am wearing
the same hoodie as yesterday but my mom
just got back from Ohio she just flew in
and she's gonna be staying here for a
few weeks so I'm gonna go pick her up
but before I do I want to show you guys
my new perfume collection cuz it's so
cute look how cute I got my doll deal I
got my Saint Laurent I got my Marc Jacob
got my Chanel it's so perfect oh now I
gotta go I gotta go wait I want to see
if price and phrase you want to come
with me to the airport do you guys want
to come with me to the airport to pick
up my to pick up my mom no sure what
what is that it's my boss pick you doing
cushion on my trip yeah I gotta go oh
geez Louise it's like a party in here oh
my god this is his birthday present
just waiting for my mom giving back
surfing my god I'm so excited I'm so
excited I get to see my mommy kind of
look good for my mama but you're
vlogging really Ola I couldn't bring the
doggies I was story but they were gonna
poop in my car
wait Ark in the car there's like fans
scared
they're taking pictures oh my god how do
you feel how was your flight
good I'm hungry and tired me too and you
happiness meat yes you are happy to see
me yes I was excited for the past three
days here's LeBron you saw LeBron
I saw LeBron so as a Cleveland stander
you pissed I'm not thrilled
well LA we're taking all the best people
including myself I love downtown LA
we're picking up pizza uh you know what
can't show that because they should be
paying for them buying you dinner bit
okay bit gonna have a girls night girls
night
are you kidding me in the car all right
I'm done I'm done I'm done the cameras
off
okay welcome home honey you got the
pizza and got a salad we got some wine
show them the wine come on let's be
classy with this we got some nice wine I
haven't drank in like three weeks but
it's okay because my mom's here and then
I bought this crystal head vodka thing I
don't drink the vodka I'm gonna dump it
out and then put some flowers in there
so if you guys want some vodka let me
know I just took a shower I have to do
my make so today is Ricky's birthday he
is 27 years old he's the love of my life
and I've been so stressed trying to plan
this party for him today it's at like
six he loves football like he's
absolutely obsessed with football so I
planned with the help of my friend I
planned a party we're gonna try to
surprise him I don't think he no but I
just want to surprise I just got my
period so I'm more exhausted than I
should be
you know anyone's gonna be like a
football team party we're gonna have
like all of his friends over happy
birthday Ricky I love you you're in a
meeting right now but I
happy birthday to my bookie happy
birthday to my cookie happy birthday -
did you sue a brothel made me forever -
yeah is it safe you put on the wall no
not yet I'm real I know crazy I like you
little cat here Thank You meow did you
have a good day so far no working good
for you I love you so much my people
voice oh thank you alright makeup is
done
so we got some balloon in the cakes I'm
the one he's 72 oh my god Paris calm
down
they hate balloon so I didn't a lot an
airplane so I didn't get him like a real
birthday present yet because I every
time I ask him he's like I don't want
anything I don't want anything and like
he has everything so what do you get the
man who has everything another dog
another me like I don't so we're
throwing him this little party and I
know he's obsessed with Tom Brady no
idea I'm Tim idea Tom Brady yo are you
in LA it was it sounds so gross it
sounds like I'm trying to like it was
all just that I love you so much I just
want to get him a really good present
and like nothing would ever top that
yeah I've never seen anything like this
in my life oh my god if Tom Brady we
literally respond I'm willing to pay him
to come here I'll pay him like a lot of
money to come here and surprise Ricki
because he would cry Ricki would
literally cry hi can you do me a favor
can you pick up some red and black
balloons and come over I don't think
anything through okay just got ready I'm
losing some weight so I can show a
little bit of stomach my abs are there a
little bit but not really
I hate turtlenecks but screw it look how
cute I am my mom's on her way
I think everyone's upstairs so let's go
see what's going on there's people up
here
I'll go get him bitch how are we
supposed to be like surprised
so my mom just got here Ricky's still in
his room watching football
he has no idea I see you see Wade well
cute yeah your daughter's name is so
pretty oh my god thank you and then
taping me
yeah the cameras interface you saying
are you baby
what
yes oh my god he's gonna die the
fortnightly oh my god oh my god oh my
god I keep looking downstairs to see if
he's gonna come up the steps stay down
there honey okay guys I'm gonna go get
in so can everyone be quiet
all right BRB
all right Bugsy can you come upstairs
for a second do you like my own painted
toenails
happy birthday Derek
rice missed it yeah
damn bad friend alert with the loma it's
a horse
Oh hug again I didn't get on Laura all
right Susan that's mine
oh boy yo are you mad that LeBron so
it's to the Lakers Yoshi's oh my god
wait did I tell you who I diem today I
was like I wanted to get you the best
birthday present ever and I was freaking
out I was like wait should I do um Brady
but like he's never gonna respond and
Bush told me to type it that way to like
make it sound like nothing know with
Giselle see that's what I was thinking
it's my biggest fan ever oh my god but
that's what I was eating
that's what I thought but like boosters
like oh no it's it's gonna sound like
what's up if he even responded yeah
anything
suspect I know I know okay okay but I
knew I should have so now I have to tack
Erb DM Tom Brady back and be like hey my
boyfriend's a big fan so I don't come
off as like a weird instagrams great
model person oh my god oh yeah I was
like my boyfriend's the biggest fan of
you and his birthdays today I was
wondering if you'd be down to stop by
her house and tell him happy birthday
for like two seconds I'll pay you ha ha
I just think he would be stoked his name
is AB Thanks Oh Mike oh my god yourself
you're watching that I love you so much
you're queen but like Tom Brady is
Ricky's like Idol that would be so dope
if we could get him here but I think
that would ever happen
a girl can dream whenever yo they got 27
bottles of champagne for Ricky this is
so crazy
it's off so we all decided to go see a
movie um we're all gonna go see the
Halloween movie it just came out tonight
oh my god so movie and I'm so scared
are you scared wait he's scary said you
do the weave oh wait post with them now
because they cook bado what okay
everyone I know I'm like in such a rush
my mom's I'm gonna prank her with a fake
false pregnancy test tomorrow
oh my god she's gonna freak out freak
said do you think no I'm gonna act like
I'm excited I'm gonna be like oh me and
Ricky had been trouble but she's gonna
be like Oh Lissa she's gonna freak out
well that's gonna be amazing wait we
just got the universe oh and guess who
we saw baby baby you're telling hi
that's my best friend
hi music Eric maybe and I love you
violet and viv back at it again snap
original okay let's go oh my god
I'm so proud oh my god Josh I thought
you weren't in LA oh ah that's Wilder
all right somehow we finesse it we're
going inside right now
I know better but I wonder who killed
Michael Myers passing you catch me in
the next one no it was it was
recommended before sorry Michael
it was me and he would have died like in
the first five minutes cause lo got
Ricky the best birthday present ever
so it looks like that in the dark and
then it's a shark Pikachu oh my god free
Wi-Fi and neck cute me know and then
he's like obsessed with like Pokemon and
stuff so that's why they did Pikachu and
it's a I know I just woke up and I don't
feel good so I think that means that we
had a lot of fun last night yeah we'll
have it upstairs I don't know what it's
a disaster oh wait I want to go see oh
my god the aftermath all the confetti
everywhere this is like my life in one
video
oh mylanta what did you do oh that's a
pretty little like Wow
so Ricky is like super sick he has I've
been wearing this hoodie like all the
time I'm sorry
Ricky's really sick he has like a cold
or flu or something no I'm gonna go to
CVS and get him some medicine and like
vitamin C and theraflu and nyquil and
all that so yeah all right so we got
some nyquil theraflu vitamin C Canada
Dry cough drops Pedialyte do you need
any tampons
I don't need super I've been not that
big
hello une tampon sir LOI it's like the
match is too good clothes seriously just
like
I didn't do it we didn't do anything
okay guys here we are in my violet
specialty lighting custom lead design
for me where my brother's apartment at
Josh gray me and my mom decided to have
like a girls movie night we already
watched the Gaga
documentary on Netflix so dope
recommended to everyone just hanging out
to having some wine and beers the
doggies are here hide dugu chuka I love
you and now we're watching the Katy
Perry part of me movie which is one of
my favorite movies ever and I'm really
excited yes hi little babies are you
bonding with glama oh but yeah we're
just gonna be watching this movie
I don't even think I could put that clip
in because of copyright YouTube's
getting like down and crazy they can't
do like copyright music anymore for like
two seconds it really saw just like we
can't put music in anymore and I wanted
to find at my blogs like let me have fun
damnit good babies
my mom's helping me clean my bathroom so
she's gonna go outside and ask if they
have any hangers
