are you or Chantal still friend so
though I just got ready and did my hair
and makeup so just talk to you guys
about what I want to do in my vlogs for
this whole month of the log Cober that
was that funny no okay
so I started vlogging two years ago in
October and you guys loved my blogs and
they did really good so I just thought
I'd start blogging again this October
2018 if you guys have any video ideas
that you want to give me put them in the
comment section and tweet at me and yeah
cuz I have no idea what I'm doing I have
to go to a doctor's appointment today
because I think I have a UTI I'm not
gonna get too much into that because
it's gross but yeah okay alright let's
stop let's get into the blog this was
boring should we go see what my brother
is doing yeah just have to do something
really quick Elliot really hates me
hello I'm daily vlogging again you're
actually doing it yeah walking walking
yeah give a UTI yes that's just the
first time anyhow yeah I've been dealing
with some shit today i'ma try to make
the best I'm gonna try to make gonna try
to make the best out of today let's go
to the dock what I said I asked if you
wanted any of this
you look different
oh yeah Hollywood walk-in clinic which
is we were because my gynecologist was
an available today and my UTI hurts I
feel weird
not dates but a beautiful Hollywood
beautiful Los Angeles beautiful
beautiful day so I don't have a UTI I'm
just a hypochondriac
I guess I'm healthy it would have been
good click but I'm just kidding they
said that I like cured it on my own
because I drank a bunch of water so I
guess who ice cream log tober it's gonna
be lit blue candy oh my god mom dad how
are you so I'm in my feeder I'm eating
some foam which is healthy if you don't
eat the noodles Shane Dawson is coming
over tomorrow I'm gonna tell my side of
like my life and what my past has done
to me and oh my god this just got so
weird fall look bad I really don't want
to talk about this stuff welcome to
blogeee dang dude walking on the
treadmill yes Queen work it's gonna be a
lot more fun I promise I have a lot of
fun things that are planned and we're
gonna do my post makes us here hi I'm
coming down
the maids are here today I'm so excited
because that means my rooms gonna be
clean look at my boobies bouncing around
like they own the place I just watch the
bunch of my old blogs for in spa damn I
was killing it back then oh yes Queen oh
I used to be such a skinny legend no I'm
not Oh
back to it hi Queen thank you yes Jim
I'm a skinny legend what I'm a skinny
legend yeah eight pounds thirty bye have
a good day
so my skinny legend or am I not um that
guy just built some tea at my life and I
wasn't ready for it guy say it wasn't
the skinny version okay maybe I'm not
anymore but I just have a few pounds I'm
just like this but now they're like that
don't you know it'll be fine you know I
have a workout plan I have a meal plan
and have a supportive family and friends
and it's gonna be fine
oh my god alright guys so I have copied
you and me some energy and have espresso
for when I need more energy
because I didn't go grocery shopping
yeah I sell CBD got a burrito with all
egg whites and spinach and peppers and
mushrooms and Turkey
so I have about 20 pounds to lose and
it's all in my in my weddings a little
bit in my stomach just everywhere okay
everywhere but I'm very grateful I'm
very blessed because I've had an amazing
year of my life not working out I'm in
love and I'm happy and I love my friends
I love my Ricki and my doggies but time
to get back to it um here's a little bit
of my kitchen I'm gonna do a full house
tour later on this month when it's all
cute and Halloween and fall season eight
years my kitchen
that's my outside beast the view and
just some art it not really sure oh
never mind
you up cut that out oh my gosh wait oh
my cheekbones in this saree so I am
having a meetin with little Yusef over
there a business meeting oh yeah catch
you guys after bye
so I just had a really good meeting and
bunch of dope come in in the future
about gangs gonna be the best ever that
there ever was
mark my words mother liquors okay doing
hi little baby I love my family the
babies I love you so much
the room just got cleaned I'm so excited
everything's all clean look I put little
bows on the doggies having a grot Tim
hey doggies okay what did you say about
the dog yeah she's a dog why
someone farted on his pillow and gave
him pinkeye wait I just got in the
shower and why are you in the bathtub
Lundy what are you doing shit ja are you
my little tip got a cachito I love you
dude all I do now just vlog my dog do
you want your own vlog channel vlog day
3 so I have a hair mask in and I slept
with it on my hair still wet but I'm
gonna work out
yeah let's kill it guys let's get back
into this Chef so I have a doctor's
appointment at 4 o'clock in a few hour
and then I don't know I'm gonna get some
work and figure out what I'm gonna be
for Halloween
probably a slut a few inches later mom
come pick me up please
two mile I know you guys are used to be
a belissa that can run like five miles
cannot get tired well it's gonna take me
a while ago that was rude well it's
gonna take me a while to get say hi
Taylor
she was such a Queens you look like a
tomato
I'll go saying before I was so rudely
interrupted I'm just kidding I love them
so much but yeah it's gonna take me a
while to get back into the groove and
cheeps are chubby chubby monkey Oh what
do you want know what this might mean
boobies so we just took a shower now I
am
as always so I'm gonna go makeup freeze
means I just put like some oil it's
called an elixir on my face so it
doesn't like dry out and it'll keep me
moisturize good you like a little bit of
glow but cute and then for my no makeup
look I just literally use eyebrow gel
like a clear eyebrow gel you need to get
my girlhood and I need to get filler and
you need to get Botox and then gave me
to get my lip Osada and I need to get
veneers and I just need to turn into an
ollie
I'm completely naked I have a lump in my
breast and I'm worried about so I have
to check that out I'll talk to you guys
after the doctor because this is
invasive so I'm good I don't know why I
was freaking out everything's gonna be
fine I love my gynecologist she's like
this older woman she was like definitely
a grandma she's so dope does it all
what did I do with those fucking papers
she's like I hate when I lose this paper
it's like do you ever lose your papers
here's like son of a bitch she's dope I
love her so now we're gonna go back home
see what everyone's up till I die get
out of here I'm lost I'm lost
what the hell's going on in here
why are you tripping Oh Jennifer
Anniston all day just some research so
I'm having a little snack I got my green
beans and chicken again Paris like oh
don't show your butt first like to do is
make up with me I pee
hey yo we're all going to a movie
there's your Peter Parker we're all
gonna go see venom vile Andy by P I love
you I love you so much
Hollywood Boulevard rides we're at the
Chinese Theatre yes I feel like I'm at
home what are you I haven't tattoos
Felix
wanna be warm still but LEM I have to
agree
we're not friends anymore me and Chantal
me and Ricky Bryce yeah okay you're
gonna do that that moment what
yes that mean nine cents
Wow Frasier we got to see up shows you
gotta show the vlog your fuck his eyes
all fucked up we just help the movies
homie only got to see half the you know
I love that movie so much I'm gonna
change my whole thing from Alyssa violet
to Alyssa pilot wait so every time I do
the venom boy it hurts really scared for
anyone wondering what my happiness looks
like this is it right here
he's my little boy are you my son oh
good boy good boy
watch out for his pizzas listen I know
my way around a PB alright yeah Ricky
yeah college was crazy so I just woke up
cuz I couldn't go to sleep last night I
couldn't fall asleep I look like Shaq I
couldn't fall asleep until like 3:00 and
I overslept it's noon and I haven't
slept till noon in a long time but it's
Friday so technically I'm allowed no I'm
not I'm supposed to wake up at 7 then
Fridays I'm gonna go work out hey rice
just sent me this video
it's your boyfriend upstairs let's go
see your boyfriend look there's a doggy
combo it's a donkey your boyfriend Lundy
so we are going to Josh's apartment make
sure that his place didn't get robbed
pick up some packages
and you know just chill out because I
love is apartment such vibes Josh's
apartment is so cute look how cute it is
do you love it here good girl you love
my hear me boy we go peepees in the
grass in the grass and the grass go
peepees boy everyone's in the theater
watching that McGregor's lloyd fight or
whatever it is I have no idea but let's
go see what everyone's up to
I'm on a diet Ricky put it down you're
on a diet so since this vlog wasn't
crazy fun I decided to do a really quick
Q&A for you guys I already tweeted and
I'm just gonna pick some questions that
need to be answered
Katy samples asked what makes you most
attracted to Ricky probably is really
huge deal I asked are you or Chantelle
still friends
whoa now we actually hate each other
wait shun toe into our old house Oh shun
toe into our old house we switched
houses like a few months ago and now the
old cloud house is the safe house and
this is the cloud house and I don't know
it's really confusing but we have three
houses and 26 rooms and a lot of
bathrooms three pools and three jacuzzi
I'm not trying to flex but we're doing
pretty good I'm just gonna there she is
the Queen herself seen you in six months
dude you know I love you something wait
she just hung a lizard outside fun fact
about me I'm a professional lizard
cutter but you can't get the door open
it's so heavy oh oh come back your
friend do you watch anime
I love spirited away I love that movie I
really feel it in my soul I don't know
what that is but I'll look into it going
her this time next year well I see
Alyssa doing Victoria's Secret that's
just me yeah um definitely Victoria's
Secret
if that doesn't work maybe pornhub
I'm just kidding calm down it's Joe what
are your goals oh just like finishing my
album and going into Tokyo I really want
to go to Tokyo it's so fun I got really
drunk
how are you pregnant now that's joke is
so overplayed I'm good I'm doing really
good back in the grind blog tober is
gonna be late again Junko ready to work
out get fit get lit the whole thing you
know
there it is voila there it is honey
Fiona and Nicole asks what is your
biggest accomplishment in your lives
being born yeah my biggest
accomplishment probably how big my boobs
done David asked you want to get your
toes sucked or suck yo man's toes hmm I
want to get my soda my time today oh my
so stuck
t-bob the mirror that I look in the
morning I see I wouldn't ever want to be
someone besides myself I just wanna be a
better version of my yeah you want to do
yeah be the best version that he can be
yeah this católica Saffy like we start
crying I thought you can both answer
this I'm any plans for you and Ricky to
get married and have kids
there's definitely plans for me yeah I
think so
yeah I mean obviously we're in love I
get this question a lot like we're in
loved we're working on a relationship
every day and if I get pregnant or he
proposes I'll say yes and if it doesn't
work out then I'm just good thing I love
them we're gonna get married what's your
favorite Netflix series
Gustavo asks by the way I love those you
Tsavo never asked I love him I just
watched maniac on Netflix and wow it's
really well written great acting it's a
great show and I like how Xfinity Lake
helps you understand
things I feel like but I just watch the
binge watch that and I really like it
that's it
I've stucked always to friends and
Gossip Girls and loved those tunes and
that's all I really watch maybe Finding
Nemo like more pregnant you're back
why are you and Tessa still friends stay
tuned we're gonna ask did you ever play
any sports I was a dancer for 16 years I
did ballet jazz and hip-hop another
strong enough I did everything
why doesn't any of the cloud gang
members blog as often as they should
I guess I've just been like I don't even
know I've been focusing on my
relationship and just because I'm not
blogging or showing you guys everyday
what I'm doing doesn't mean I'm not
doing anything so I'm just like I like
to keep my life a little private
sometime so probably that's how everyone
else is I guess how do you yeah I mean I
feel like I go through phases where I'm
like posting a lot and doing this and
then sometimes I'm just living in the
moment and trying to have a good balance
between you know doing what I'm doing
and sharing it and then doing what I'm
doing and really focused on the people
that I'm with and I think it's about
balance and you want to have both know
about balance you pretty much say that
line after anything yeah you know I
slept 12 hours last night but hey yo you
lookin a little chubby Alyssa I know
it's all about ballet what's your
favorite movie I'm gonna say top three
because I can never actually choose one
um the prestige is one of my favorite
movie Oh didn't watch it with you yeah
we watched it and it was with Nikola
Tesla wasn't it yeah and that Great
Gatsby is one of my favorite movies oh I
just watched mr. nobody and I love that
although on Netflix Merritt Leto are you
like secretly like a sponsor of Netflix
my favorite movies are Australia with
Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman The Devil
Wears Prada I always wanted to be
and Hathaway no I wanted to be Miranda
Priestly because she's like a boss and
mr. and mrs. Smith I love it oh my god
yeah that's what we have for you thank
you for coming to our TED talk yes I
don't know I'm so pale you okay thanks
guys I love you bye
