I see dildos okay why is that the first
suggestion well hello guys it's my mic
on I always forget
so I actually have some pretty cool news
to take Wow
some pretty cool news to tell you um
well news kind of thing I have this
thing to tell you but basically there's
this thing called uni days and they
asked me if I could tell you guys about
them so I am I'm switching already but
I'm committed to the outfit
but before we get there I'm gonna tell
you a story cuz this is why I was like
yes this is actually pretty cool you
guys know it's been a lot of time in the
UK because that's where laws from it was
probably bout a year ago I was over in
the UK and was out out shopping and you
know as you do just walking around I
don't know why I'm being so suspicious
and we're in I can't remain name of the
shop but we're buying clothes and
lowering up to buy her clothes and the
guy asked her if she was a student and
she was like hi yes and um
and she got a discount on auto clothes
for being a student and I was like how
come I never heard of this surely like
we have this in New Zealand
so obviously I'm not a student so I was
like okay cool maybe this is the thing
but you know probably not in New Zealand
because nothing it becomes newzealand
Taylor Swift came to New Zealand but
nothing else really comes easy online
sorry I'm sorry sister like hey do we
have this in New Zealand and she said no
I was like right okay so maybe it's just
the UK thing anyway the news is it's
here now basically if you're a student
you can get discounts um oh just about
for my chair wait let me get there's an
end so basically there's like this app
categories so this fashion beauty
lifestyle happen Fitness technology so
technology you've got Apple we can get
timicin off Apple which actually I'm
super jealous of because me being a
genius dropped this
I dropped it I haven't had a computer
for about two months now so Apple if
you're watching this god please have a
new laptop sorry I was just checking if
there's anything dodgy on my am
do you stop an out all my nudes that put
away and I'm really sad also because
Laura
Geron this and now to get a new one
anyway so if you're an idiot like me and
break things all the time this is
literally the second computer I've
dropped you can get to have a sing-off
Apple not skinny yet like health and
fitness Eddie - hey Soph how some
Fitness is like elite supplements 10%
off beer blends I love beer blends why
can't I use this lifestyle
there is contiki contiki contiguous so I
do a contiki back oh gosh 2015 yeah 15 I
went all around Southeast Asia I would
highly recommend a Contiki because it's
what schools finish you may as well
treat yourself think okay it's over
think it's over Tim I still have some
that's hot
I dropped my glasses down the toilet the
other day you know when you're out and
you're having a few drinks with your
mates and you get a bit giggly and you
try and fit three people in a portaloo
you know how old girls you've got a girl
together go to the bathroom to get that
right so there were three muscle in a
portaloo anyway glass has ended up and I
was like you know what our IP actually I
thought since them from oh I got I
actually got the same two buns sir-sir
here's me being like oh my gosh I'm so
jealous that you guys have almost like a
discount but I bet you girls got to send
a bunch of stuff from blessings and
cotton on actually this outfit this is
from cutting on this little this cheeky
lady here and this
this jacket yeah
and they actually sent me some
sunglasses that I was like you're a
lifesaver
I've lost them all right what on earth
did you really look like Miller Bobby
Brown
but like 10 years younger I mean tit
near Tina's younger teen years older do
you reckon you to be from my head
because I haven't really smaller head
and sometimes things just make me look a
bit funny anyway I like them I feel cool
just thank you questions for those
basically I'm going to show you a bunch
of Cossack lessons in there cutting on
set me let's cheeky number to be hit a
really Bobby Brown there's nothing I
love more than like comfy trendy pants
trendy I sound like my mom elastic I'm
gonna call these my eating pins I feel
like a little kid like showing off all
this stuff to like your parents and like
the parents like also I got to see the
drink bottle I got uni days merch guys
oh so everyone should go buy a reusable
water bottle because plastic is killing
our oceans
this cheeky favor for that does cheeky
thing now this cheeky thing not this
cheeky thing and if it's too big I got a
small one so that's the exciting thing I
have to tell you I got given some stuff
thanks hon dog license and you guys get
to go out and buy things and get
discounts I love a good discount you
guys should definitely sign up get the
apps Oh obviously I'll play everything
down below I am sweating so much
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get other bed on the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I get changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic reverb
Istanbul we need to screw logic let's
get crazy means the new normal of the
world is Jamie's you can't play me cuz I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot wrap
in a crew to the streaming like no
mistake
