hey Jamie grab an ice cream buell one
yeah short date is only one left or it's
mine because you pay for another four
thirty not havin it I have when do I do
that Oh incomes you for it what this
yeah okay
and literally a character in this game I
did the voice office and everything who
are you talking to no one
I'm picking myself because I'm a bit
this way there in my own voice oh I even
designed like the grid that he's trying
to fall which is really cool
oh that was hot that's why it's hard
because I'm a genius I'm sorry it's not
my fault that you suck and that's how
you solve a problem guys anyone or not
look I've got this
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed of a left
and I smile wide just I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic reverb
Istanbul we need to screw logic let's
get crazy really no normal like the
world is jammies you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot wrap
in a crew to screw in like freaking in
no mistake
