so after discovering that in 2014 I
totally dropped the ball and didn't vote
in the last election my first election
I'm determined not to let it happen
again
so today I thought we'd meet some people
my age who are really into politics and
find out why so hey guys so why do you
guys think that somebody young people
don't actually got including me last
time
I'm you've got to think about where
rents coming from where food is coming
from how they can pay their transport
money and when you're living in the
short term like that from week to week
you don't really think a lot about these
decisions that might be paying off for
you in three years or ten years I don't
think young people see politicians
talking about the issues they care about
and the thing is we're stuck in this
cycle where because we're not voting
politicians aren't talking about the
issues that affect us and they're not
trying to win up so what do you guys say
to young people who aren't interested in
voting there are hundreds of thousands
of young people in the country and that
it's the equivalent to a lot of seats in
parliament and in electoral system one
or two seats can make a huge difference
in the entire makeup of our government
so as a group as a voting group we have
the ability to really really make our
voices heard oh I'd say to you you're
probably gonna be alive for another 60
to 80 years and living in New Zealand
and so you have an opportunity right now
to define what their future is going to
be so you should take that opportunity
because it impacts you directly it
impacts your family that your friends so
why not why not take that opportunity
what could make it easier for young
people to get involved knowing about the
system and how it works from a young age
would be really really useful because a
lot of people leave school and suddenly
the 80 and they can vote but they don't
know much about how it all works and
that can be quite overwhelming like you
don't know so a lot of young people
think that politics doesn't actually
affect us how does it affect us politics
is very intertwined in our lives I think
it's it's not it's not this mystical
distant thing that people seem to think
it is it really is quite quite down in
the details of our lives
anything you do that has a requirement
or a law around it is shaped by some
sort decision and every single decision
goes through someone
so it impacts you know the education
your healthcare you have a job how much
tax you paying all of the regulations
like your social issues can you do what
you want to do the drinking age is a
political issue that this country's
discussed a lot recently it's the same
time your contribution counts just as
much as your parents or your boss or
your headmaster or whoever we're all
worth exactly the same when it comes to
voting and that's a really powerful
thing that we should be using is one
thing you do this year vote cool well
thank you so much guys I hope you guys
found that interesting and remember you
need to get enrolled so go here come on
you need to do it we're all going to
vote together so get excited and more
info next week
you
