previously on Jamie's Vardhan I recorded
some ATT wins it's pretty cool but I
don't know if I could live in it so
crazy
Jamie's well done hey Jamie thrilled on
a Jamie went to Antarctica
Jamie's well tonight she's all penguins
and a bunch of dill and a big orange bus
with giant wheels and a sweet puppy
check it's real nice Jamie's world on I
thought it was really heavy
it's day five of our trip and we're
getting ready for our biggest adventure
yet hitting out to see a team of
scientists who've been camping on the
sea ice for three weeks and there's some
good news so I don't come up with my
little cry
we've got a bucket with a toilet seat so
I never been more excited about a bucket
in a transition it's a long slow drive
across the frozen ocean outside it's
just ice all around Mount Erebus off in
the distance and then out of nowhere
just this massive iceberg maybe a mile
long frozen in place the sunshine down
here is everything one side of the
hoechlin is freezing and covered in snow
the other is toasty and warm and the
music playing and it's nap time
hours later we get to our destination
camp k13 one run by Kiwi scientists are
Nathalie Robinson if you do a 360 we are
literally in the middle of nowhere and
that proper stage
thank you return your tips but that size
so I feel very very very small and very
very very cold
living in containers that have been
dragged out here across the ice with
bulldozers Natalie and her team have got
all of life's little luxury group
matches make our own crush bread so
there are six bison here but we only
have three people in here so everyone to
an upper bunk pastorally correct well
not all of life luxuries none of us have
had a shower for three weeks so you
understand why I'm for you my only
shower like tonight well you know we've
all brought our baby wipes hopefully
let's stick together my hair certainly
is a wash
Natalie studies the way ice crystals
form under the sea ice and what they can
tell us about the Antarctic ice shelf
melting what we're seeing in the
satellite images is that the sea ice is
covering a bigger area that could
potentially be a responsive more melting
ice shelf
Natalie's work is part of a huge amount
of science that's being fed into the
supercomputer to help more accurately
predicts that impact of climate change
back in New Zealand
this is Natalie's fourth trip here so
why does she keep coming back one is it
was really interesting science to do
because there's lots of things that just
haven't had a chance to be done yet
because so few people have been here but
also you know it's a really special
place that
it's an environment that you either have
to adapt to we go home it's where the
adaptive to the temperature it's
starting to warm up now so yes a bit
easier than the world good yeah pretty
much Natalie might feel warm but she's
not the one who has to sleep in a tent
tonight there are bits inside if we want
them but I've been told sleeping outside
in a tent at least one night is a must
for any Antarctic Explorer after taking
half an hour to drill one hole and train
on my hands like a fire now at this time
the instructors have given me a message
drill which has heaps more fun and a lot
quicker anything bigger than I thought
home sweet home yeah Oh after dinner
it's time for some entertainment curling
I thought it was really heavy
whoa.good apparently I'm the seventh
person to ever play curling and in fact
occurred so you know I'm cold I am fine
and then it's time for beer in a tent on
top of frozen ocean in the middle of
nowhere
so it's midnight right now and you can
tell by all of this darkness the Sun
doesn't sit in Antarctica at this time
of the year so it's as daylight
constantly I don't know if it's driving
me crazy but it's like I I feel I feel a
bit oh I'm actually quite uncomfortable
I'm warm
but basically what I'm sleeping in is
about for sipping bags stuffed into each
other like one of those like dull things
and this middle one the sleepy kind of
thing it's so small like it's taped my
legs together like a mermaid the Sun is
kind of long but I'm also kind of cold
and then I feel like I should be tired
because I didn't sleep terribly well but
I'm not I have a shower it's crazy
Antarctica is wild it actually would
have been okay apart from one thing
my cameraman you snore so loud or yes oh
my god it's time to say goodbye to K 131
and make the long drive back to Scott
fais then it's time to take our bags for
good it's gone by so quickly
but our Antarctic trip is almost over
it's literally been the weirdest
experience for the most like was like
life-changing is that traumatic start to
crave the opportunity I was actually
thinking that when I was in the souvenir
shop I was like I'm never going to come
back here normally when I go to places
I'm like oh yeah like I might be back
here but I'll probably never get this
opportunity again I'm so sad oh my god
thank you to a Tuscan Zealand and
everyone here who put up with me
especially you guys as well because
obviously if you guys don't watch the
videos I wouldn't be here
it's only been a week but I've seen so
many crazy things did penguins from
polar explorer 100 years ago
tens of thousands of live penguins to
thank goodness or that one thing exactly
i spose miles and miles long and now
it's finishing so the blaze has landed
which means we're officially going home
which I'm sad about I mostly kind of
like no emotion just said like I don't
want to leave I'm really liking it the
people here and I've the view is always
nice I learned it I am very small people
are burns more think you're important
you should come out here and take on a
big giant mountain and that you actually
don't need a lot
you know me Penta cars to be cool with
the cool people around here are the ones
that are nice because we're all the same
cause we all have to pee in a bottle so
you can drive around in your flash car
beep to leave the key but when it comes
here we all just pee in a bottle
actually I didn't but you know what I
mean Jenny's world on icy Jamie's world
on ice Jamie went to hand Arctica
Jamie's world on eye
