previously on Jamie's vote on I they
literally like little worms trying to
bite me
I taught it on my hands on a bar
negative Jamie's world of shape Jamie's
world on hide Jamie went to Antarctica
Jamie's well tonight she's all penguins
and a bunch of eels and a big orange
buzz with giant wheels and a sweet puppy
jackets to the free life chillin and
romani I'm Jamie's world on I thought it
was really heavy so cool I've been in
Antarctica for a few days but haven't
gone much further than the front yard I
mean it's a pretty sweet on yard don't
get me wrong but today we are going on
our first big adventure and I'm super
excited
the main way people get around in
Antarctica is in a headland it's
basically two little boxes on tracks
it's bumpy and slow going and when we
find a crack in the sea ice it has to be
drilled into to see if it's solid enough
to drive over don't fall in the oceans
suddenly we stopped again this time it's
something a bit more exciting than a
crack we've spotted some baby penguin
often literally risks like driving along
now the peg loom and they're just like
sitting there I'm not actually sure they
come from I think babies like pop up
from the oceans you like I'm more
excited than I thought I was going to be
like I saw cinnamon okay well I got you
like baby boom
I wonder if thank you for like that was
like an association of questions like to
thank you for just an even crawling
around a Sunday Drive is really a bit of
a sightseeing mission for the crew at
Scott Base don't always get to see much
of what's around them this amazing piece
of ice is the barn right here I'm pretty
big
I don't know what like 25 meters high
huge chunks of quest years like then
split off and become Isis which in move
out into the ocean as the sea ice melts
some of the icebergs we see here are
miles and miles long it's a natural
process but climate change means our
technique faster and faster our visit
today is taking us to Cape Evans and
Cape Royds there are hot slick behind
from the famous polar explorers
Shackleton and Scott perfectly preserved
by the cold dry Antarctica air with some
help from restoration experts in 1907 so
you know over 100 years old it's pretty
cool but I don't know why said lives in
it
like candy might tender like old cabbage
and it's crazy for a bottle of to chop
stuff like the bunk beds are actually
really sick I kind of wish I had one in
my room I personally would have painted
in what but yeah it's currently this is
a 100 years old
some pollutant you really get the
feeling of what it must have been like
for these guys a hundred years ago stuck
inside and 24-hour darkness and the
freezing cold winter starving while
trying to learn all they could about
Antarctica and its wildlife
oh my god in Kingwood why do they enjoy
them so we just thought like how many
people this is like six or seven of them
quite scarred now apparently there is a
job so none of goth team made it back
from here alive not going to lie this
place is pre-ground fortunately there's
something to cheer us up 20,000 Adelie
penguins so crazy
no baby penguins here yet but it looks
like they will be soon be careful like a
bunch of cooling and just chilling down
there which is pretty crazy about smiles
it looks kind of dirty
it's weird that this exists even when
we're not
it's a weird feeling here some things
like the hustle basically last forever
other things like the glaciers and the
sea ice are constantly changing the
Penguins can prove anywhere that human
waste isn't no no the only thing I'm
going to leave behind is my name in the
visitors book and it's no angel boy
next time on Jamie's world on ice so
it's midnight right now you can tell by
all of this practice literally bins the
weirdest experience for the most like
recently black changing is a traumatic
Jamie went to and arctica Jamie's world
on
