previously on Jamie's going on I feel
like a peanut why am I going to wake up
Jamie's rolled on hype she be thrilled
on hide Jamie with two hand touch
because Jamie's well tonight she's all
penguins and a bunch of this and a big
orange buzz with giant wheels and a
sweet puppy jackets to the free life
chillin and drill it out on ya Jamie's
world on I thought it was really heavy
okay Wow so I'm here seems pretty crazy
that huge flames has landed on two
meters of frozen ocean and it didn't go
right through I'm pretty glad it didn't
though this is incredible I did this is
my first time ever on the snow and
everything down here is just so alien
even the bus is taking out the stop base
looks like it belongs on Mars so this is
where we're staying for the next week
agape you Dylan Tom in Antarctica and
there's some important business to take
care of my first snow fight
in fact it can be incredibly dangerous
it's super cold and get lost and
blizzards fall down cracks in the ice
get frostbite
it's basically a whole of bad things
waiting to happen so before the letters
go anywhere we have to learn how to
survive here's a tip if you get gold
hands the best thing to do is do your
arms like penguins
no seriously another good way to keep
warm is when your team make you drag all
the gear by yourself like you're some
kind of stunt and you'll leave us see
this brown lumps in the background that
kind of look like giant slugs well
they're not there were calcium and it's
my first encounter with Antarctic
wildlife it's so called as a little baby
one but it looks like it takes them
forever to get anywhere they literally
like little worms try like your lungs I
kind of like me our survival training
involves putting up a team and letting a
fire out on the sea ice it's cold and
windy and nothing is that easy when
you're wearing tube is above and 100 or
so layers of clothes this is basically
and it emerges to the second emergency
can hopefully the ones we're staying at
letter that figure the first tip is to
drill holes into the ice to secure our
team so the ocean is actually 2 meters
under here so you know don't want to die
we're drilling into the eye we had them
for about 25 minutes she's just a bit
slow I caught it on my hands on a bond
is is real we would so be dude
honesty I probably just would have taken
my clothes off by now and given uh no
that would be a fail field training
eventually we get the first hole done
and our instructors feel sorry for us
and decide we don't need to do the other
15 we get up tent up without too many
dramas put together the guests of pretty
much how we got taught inside okay maybe
I could survive out here after all
someone else can pull the sled Hondo
okay quick science reason co2 or carbon
dioxide is a greenhouse gas
this means it traps the warmth from the
Sun and softer from heating into space
sound so see but too much warmth is a
bad thing and global warming means more
extreme weather as well as making the
ice and places like Antarctica mouth
which makes the sea level rise for the
flood and whole community to disappear
underwater co2 is not up and down over
millions of years but we've never
experienced a sort of dramatic change
we've seen in the last century putting
it simply that's not before we came down
to Antarctica we want to see how the
research spear is linked to what's
happening here at home this beautiful
spot is bearing here near Wellington and
for the last 30 years or so they've been
measuring how much co2 is in the air oh
the reason that we're standing at the
YouTube placing on the solution is
because we're sampling here that has
basically come straight up from this
Africa 2,000 miles that way so does Mars
Oh a company cats get and it's only been
in contact with the ocean sweet sleepy
samples yes
hold up close can I am big break it no
you want break it made out of blood yeah
yeah don't just don't drop it with your
Cinderella so we just want to go to do
this a bit before you do it listen good
to me should just just serve the Edit
and then try and like get some other
year and go
2,000 miles south and it couldn't be
further away from that sunny Wellington
afternoon
this is arrival heights where they're
also measuring the co2 levels except
instead of me hanging off the side of a
cliff all I have to do is turn this
lever and then hit inside to fill the
tank with clean and talk to gear up Isis
sample YouTube / I've got my clip movie
compared to this one here the actual TF
curity between sponte and you that's
just when I thought I don't know it
without any more hype no we have to
climb onto the roof to plug in a
periscope so we can measure the hole in
the ozone layer on this crazy machine
sensations called a dozen how much more
efficient cotton well because they were
built in the 1930s
they're basically irreplaceable
weightless built in 1930 this was built
in 1957 eighty years of taking
measurements and it feels pretty special
to be putting my name alongside today's
readings let's hope I haven't ruined it
next time on Jamie's world on ice I come
face to face with one of my biggest
fears only really nervous and you want
penguin well we got him Jamie went to an
octagon Jamie's world on
