oh my god
 penguin now I know what you're
thinking how did I end up in a creepy
log cabin looking at a pile of dead
penguins well let me explain Jaime's
well done Jaime's well denied Jamie went
to Antarctica
Jamie's well tonight she's all penguins
and a bunch of dill and a big orange
buzz with giant wheels and a sweet puppy
jackets Jamie's world on I thought it
was really hit me already Cecilia
morning and I'm going to Antarctica and
I haven't started packing so um so I
didn't scott cuz I leave in about an
hour I'll each other we're half sister -
cool it's gonna bunk - like sweet pants
and like comfortable clothing I mean
these with chips are like may as well
you know dirty to make up like are there
any cute boys in Antarctica so I got
these really cool headphones given to me
cuz on the plane it's supposed to be
really loud I can listen to my music and
I can actually hear and I got a speaker
possible the one thing I mean cold not
forget I'm not sure if I should bring a
hair straightener not really but here
dryer like like breeze today's the
better habit I think I over packed but
who does another pack especially so
early on I go invitation to president
after death how cool is that
how many people maybe we'll get one of
these
so it's time to fly sell not all the way
so first we're heading to Christchurch
which is where all the Antarctic flights
from New Zealand leaves and we're I'll
get all the special cold-weather gear
I'm gonna need to survive Entertainment
and looking at all the clothes there's
got for me then we work on the trilogy
one I think over packed my own stuff in
case you're wondering this is how many
layers I'm going to be wearing in
Antarctica I forgot to reverse dementia
why are you into Raghava actually that's
a good question why am I going to
Antarctica what's happening there quick
listen this chunk of ice up top is the
Arctic and this bit of ice down the
bottom which actually has land
underneath most of it is Antarctica
up top polar bears down the bottom
penguin so if you ever see a picture
with polar bears and penguins together
it's wrong also an in toxic
this heaps of scientists from all around
the world including New Zealand do
studying everything from the animals in
the plants to the ice and the ocean and
the sky so everything basically and a
lot of what they're doing is trying to
understand more about climate change and
what effect that's going to have not
just down there but back at home learn
more on that later I would feel like a
penis alright so clothes are all sorted
just one last finishing touch
yeah tomorrow morning we'll be on our
way
so my flight this morning to Antarctica
I woke up at 5 a.m. to find out it had
been canceled
till tomorrow at 3 a.m. so I filled up
at 3 a.m. and I am just packing all of
my stuff basically we take this green
bag with us like us our carry-on and
then that is the one that like you know
has all the resource - I'm still very
very nervous but I haven't some thought
about it because it's kind of like is it
really going to happen tomorrow because
it doesn't really happen this morning
the plane is like right
the flight takes five hours on this
crazy noisy huge American Air Force c-17
so you know time to sit back and relax
with only a few windows it's really hard
to know when you're about to lend and it
seems to take ages
I'm so excited and I'm actually super
nervous I really don't know what to
expect outside just playing for like
free will I die
will they be a polar bear of course
nothing you know that all will be
revealed next time
Jamie went to and Arctica Jamie's world
on eyes
