this feels weird being in my old room
but I come to like good so I'm back and
walks pay which is my hometown this is
originally where I threw my bids you
know obviously I moved out of my parents
house as I am an adult now here my mouth
but I have come home and there's this
it's so hot here that the candle is
literally sort of melted kind of reminds
me of myself um still works you could
you know but it's just a little melted
speaking of things actually that remind
me of myself I'm gonna sort movie the
other day the age of 17 and the whole
movie I'm not even kidding away with my
friend Ryan
I just keep being like me there's me
something awkward or just uncomfortable
what happened to her and I was like me
anything to do with putting yourself in
an embarrassing situation me for some
reason me it's got Hailee Steinfeld in
it who I love as well I want to be an
actor you know just like every other
youtuber and she's sort of got the
career path that I want so love her but
you know real jealous jealousy is an
ugly trait but whatever she's still
great so I thought of her story is
really similar to mine and it's funny
enough and sad and tragic enough to
watch why don't I tell you about some of
my sad tragic stories because there are
so many it's ridiculous my life is
basically sad funny and tragic all in
one this is kind of like a story time
video and there are so many stories I
could tell you about me sort of being an
idiot but I've chosen one and it's a
really good one
are you ready to hear it before we start
press the light but I can't even I can't
even - it makes me feel weird so we'll
just jump into the story so story time
here we go so when I was about 9 or 10 I
would have been in primary school which
i think is elementary school if you're
from anywhere else but I'm not him so
whatever school you're at when you're
not okay and my school decided to have
like a talent show I was like cool oh
and ER in it I'll dance um and it I
can't dance
um so when I ain't it you had to ride
down on a piece of paper and my teacher
called me over I remember this she
called me over and said Jamie um you're
gonna dance and I was like yeah she was
like are you sure and yeah of course I'm
sure she sort of was like okay well you
know um and then I haven't found this
out till later that she actually rang my
mother um very concerned and was like
hey you're aware that your daughter is
entering the talent contest center is is
gonna do a dance and my mum was sort of
like but she's there she's never done
any dancing before my teacher was kind
of like yeah I didn't I did wonder that
I don't have the exact you know don't
put me on the quotes but my mom was sort
of like she's Jamie she's brilliant
she's funny and she's pretty someone you
should just lay out dance they maybe it
wasn't quite like that but I almost kind
of like yeah she's never done any
dancing but you know what are you gonna
do kids will be kids let her be fun
don't tell her she sucks basically so I
end up doing the talent show
alrighty daddy daddy now but back story
as to why I was doing the dance
me and my cousin we would make up dances
to songs the thing was the dancers
weren't really dancing it was kind of
just miming out to the song so if it was
like you know it's raining you'd be like
I'm happy
you'd be like so this was a song we did
it to if you know it let's get married
why not
when she's
basically that was the song and kind of
kind of how I danced to it she know
you're young it's like all cute during a
dance but this thing was you know first
of all I do it on dancing lessons I had
no rhythm whatsoever and I was kind of
weird anyway so the thing was is the
dance was a duet
I might I'd ever do it when I'm like you
know ten is that you had your part and
then when it's the other person's turn
to dance you just stand there so when
I'm you know performing this in the
talent show
I'm dancing by myself so who's gonna
dance her parts no one for some reason I
thought I was okay for me to just stand
there when it was Jesus turn to dance
but of course just wasn't there so it
was just no one so when it was her turn
to dance I would just kind of stand
there like
how uncomfortable is that for the
audience just to see that thing up there
staring at you uncomfortably and then
they'll just be this room full of
uncomfortableness but the thing was I
don't remember feeling uncomfortable I
just remember being like oh my god I'm
dancing in front of the whole school I
would never do that now for some reason
I do things in the moment and I think
that are a good idea and then I look
back at them and I'm like why did I do
that and I still do it now I think of
things I did like three months ago and
I'm like why did I do that it's so dumb
you're still been and probably I'll do
something today that I look back it and
be like also to top it all off when I
got up there introduced myself and the
song I said hi my name is Jimmy curry
and I'm gonna be dancing to a song
called Jamie curry who Polly it's
laughed and I should have it should have
been assigned you just let's go Jamie
don't do it Jojo you're gonna do it you
did it yeah the thing is that this song
is a massive trigger for me every time I
hear it I gets flashback of just so
that's kind of one of my embarrassing
funny awkward stories you want to hear
more coming below or give this video a
like or whatever you have to do to
signal to me if you like them or not if
you did give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe or something PewDiePie was
saying something about you have to hit a
bell thing I don't know can't keep up
but if you want to see the movie they're
just 17 it's out January 5th so go see
it
it's actually really funny and if you
watch it and you're like yeah that is
Jamie please let me know tweet me mr.
Emmys at um Jamie curry I forgot my name
for a second um but it's got two ways so
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get other bed or the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big
world's I could change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
above a Samba we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
of the world is Jamie's you can't blame
me cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying
to have fun keeping it on replay be an
idiot rap in a crew to screaming like
crybabies you're freaking enormous
taking like it's nothing people begin to
keep
