come into my lair hi guys why do you
know my house yes um so I'm gonna do a
room tour which I haven't done since I
live with my parents which was like a
year ago because I'm 20 now yeah I
believe I was made to dance where did
you go there like it's one of those
couple videos where it's like I'm on the
bed no I
we should we start with a good place to
start we'll start with the deep plants
so I if you follow me on snapchat which
is um Jaime curry by the way um I made
these seemly called hanging planters and
I put these plants in it but I forgot
that you actually have to you know water
plants to get them alive so they Hanna
died but that's right I'm here we have a
store it's brown um and then on top of
it just some really cool the other books
that I got in Sydney and to the left of
the bead
we've got charging station nation and in
the motor which is kind of annoying
because this is the only like place you
get internet in the house so the ugly
modem has to sit in my my bedroom you
know um here we have the fireplace I
don't actually Oh in me and then we have
this cute little brown stool I bought it
thinking I would use it for something
and then when I actually got it home I
was like what would I ever use this for
so now it just sits there so this is my
beard um unless you say that this cute
little getup from Kmart
and then these fellows they smell like
lavender he's mine and then this is the
famous bike that I threw my phone at and
did this didn't think it would actually
break but the bike is fine and then we
come over here what are you doing it
yeah can you not leave your water
bottles just sitting on my shelf I've
had enough
okay why just a seat open the door okay
there you go that's supposed to be in
here this is my laundry basket hamper I
don't know what you guys call it that
was my mother's housewarming presents
item is really cool put my darks in here
in my lights and here down the bottom
here we had my my boots I normally have
them in boxes in my wardrobe this is
where they sit as I need to clean them
before I put them back into the boxes my
record player and these are my records
Emmie Davis jr. West Side Story Elvis
Stevie Nicks Sonic all right stick with
those Kiwis got some Bollywood Matt
Erica's greatest hit Monty Python's and
then you know some Led Zeppelin of
course here is mostly just like my
jackets and stuff my leather jacket
dinner jacket this thing my knitted
stuff you know you got to fold that up
and keep it and I think good and clean
my perfumes my purse bag thing my mega
bag then these are like my dresses so I
just bought this and I can't wait to
wear it my jeans and I basically just
with a top two one small boots shoes
where I keep all my camera gear it's a
bit dusty yeah that's my wardriving
that's my room I'm able to show you the
rest of the house um so in here we have
Rihanna's room it's kind of kind of kind
of scary
oh my god oh my god I didn't know it was
that bad so I'm too scared to step onto
the carpet so so we'll just leave it at
that
she hung this is Katie's room she's more
hygienic Hey that's Katie are you to do
their job yeah okay and then I made this
it's basically a picture frame and then
I put some hooks on it so cleaver and I
thank you so much and then we put our
keys here but no one even puts he keys
here but me
yeah okay sorry yeah well where are they
now huh where are they
thank you come down the hallway there's
a bathroom it's not really interesting
so relieved that he's a coven
and then here we have Bailey in the
lounge TV that needs to go up onto the
wall heater dry that also needs to go up
onto the wall over in the corner of the
lounge we have music station nation cute
LaPlante this is a second one with her
because the last one died here we have
the kitchen bananas got the wines and of
course what is tomato sauce my favorite
thing in the world
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I get changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do Kosta
Koufos combo we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
like the world is Jamie's you can't
blame me cuz I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it in a replay
be an idiot wrap in a crew to screw in
like this rabbit reach your breaking in
almost akin like it's nothing people
begin to keep
