let's try so what's up
this is the boat we're going on the ride
is done and so is my ass but uh it was
fine there for you
there's no way I can do it no way I'd
been up there before and I know our
ticket out just like that
thank you and also joining us in studio
she's coming in hot like a vendor low it
is Jamie curry
hi I'm just I'm just hot like a vindaloo
at the card table okay I've never had a
curry joke done before you're the first
person to make a joke about my last name
so thank you this is my question to ask
you some questions
get us along get a poppet since I
understand with you tell me that you
want me to you can kind of see Jamie you
started playing the bet thank you oh yes
Jamie I just learned a really sad song
yesterday by a guy named Neil Young
that is far
do is really around the streets of
Oakland cuz I just have a dream open for
some press stuff and we're gonna play
what are the odds
like what are the odds you gonna make
the yellow box oh five three two one two
so you can keep me inside pack it up
geez bringing you closer to the eyes I'm
a nice way for me to come such a sad
song
go check out his channel dry wait there
make sure you give a thumbs up subscribe
I'll see you
three two one now very late two three
two one yeah
