hi guys so I'm here for like the first
even livestream that I have ever done in
my life I don't he just recently heard
of live-streaming and I'm gonna try it
why am i live show me because I'm
watching the Powerpuff Girls
it's I'd never seen before episode and
I'm excited to see it I used to watch
this when I was a kid so hopefully it
will bring back my youth my youth in
okay cool stuff pretty eh
Tiare trouble
dearest yeah okay
I like how he just had a gun in prison
because that's your life what security
don't you bring yourself and have fun
life motto no way dudes I don't want to
be part of it Blaine yeah you're right
buttercup
can't be pretty competitive
okay guys let's do this where we sign up
what's our game plan see their ice cream
looks really good I remembered a name
we're doing here you form goals to win
something
oh did you Travis roof is in this - want
me to take your head I could take her
out
oh no no I'm serious - do you so dive in
enol doorknob so us stuck in this domain
so that's literally my phrase when I
dress myself
I come out and they're like what are you
wearing I don't wanna do now she looks
so sad same here that crown looks very
interesting
where'd you get it I actually got it
from this beautiful lady ran this quick
little shop over in the night spotted
Solomon why this
like me because I love stealing stuff
who's that Oh what do they do princess
morbucks and here's something
interesting about me
I feel like it went everywhere but on
the camera Oh monies funds fishermen
it's not real money
whoo I wonder if Rene's before so sad me
gymnastic but never generalist because
his eyes my wife's eyes she gonna be
naked Donna what is that though she
wearing like a life-size titty beer me
zippers are real the weighed one on the
right I don't
are they remember
filling it okay it's kind of like it I'm
getting the expected buzz Simon Cowell's
in the shape money doesn't buy you
talent it just buys you cool stuff me
this is literally my dad when I would
play soccer
I feel like dad my ankles literally
rotate it jumped 180 they see if you
like that I can't walk yeah you did my
moment you've all been waiting for the
winner is just cuz she has money if I
have money what I do if I had money I
would I would just buy a crown who cares
there's literally 1000 activities
quicker than I could say and everything
just magically turned green okay to
speak to me me when I'm just about to
die dude we can't even get close to it
wait projects this is what happens when
you crush someone to clean room into
something that you know they think that
their self is wrong when being new cells
is fine fine Joshy
me as a parent I feel like this is just
me just relating to every single
character their shoulders it's tough
filled it
love the crown what's going on what was
the point of that girls that was a
terrific show and I've got it all right
here creaking he's where is that it well
that was the the Powerpuff Girls and I
enjoyed it I felt like I was a little
kid again so yes I don't know how to end
this because it's like a livestream so
like does it does it even know does it
just fade away because you know I do the
clap but we're just gonna clap
it means between maybe mid turn it off
okay wait wait we'll turn it off as soon
as I clap turn it off ready 1 2 3
cool yeah they turn it off cool
we're done they turned it off they told
me they turned it off so it's all
