okay so we need to go basically on to
the standard all these picking our
camera I don't want to go on the stand I
not a beach person I need you to though
make sure my summer yeah I got white
shoes on ruk hey guys it's me Jamie and
come back although I've asked me to do
their coat come alive step ok can you
not see Jamie and I'm here for the cat
uh everywhere no okay you can show you
do it and I can't
I'm sorry it's weird I think you're
touching me why we're filming can see
you coming at me I don't look sort of
did that's like you just I'm just a
little bit pale I got these like cool
colorful cans and I'm on the beach and
it's I you know sometimes you just at
the beach during their culture like that
hopefully I'm yeah
what
you guys just made me compromise me to
come here and do that coke come are you
kidding
yeah exactly yeah I know I'm aware no
one can hear anything cold and now for
the exciting part of the video if you
promise trailing you Ceylon you can
enter to win a trip to wet and wild and
Sydney on the 13th of February with me
and Cody symfon ah the entries closed on
the 31st of December how do you insert
this comment below in 25 words or less
why do you think you deserve to
accompany me to meet Cody make sure you
hashtag New Zealand or Australia
obviously which part of the country
you're from
so yeah cool and also what you're not at
school
things change color when they go cold I
hope you guys like the video I just have
one more thing to say
damn it looks way cooler in my head if
you want 30 subs in this you should
listen to this mm-hmm one Australian one
carrier the opportunity to meet comedy
Simpson with me ah even cooler in
Australia all you have to do it's
literally so easy the intopia to do is
comment below in 25 words or less I
assume but the hashtag Australia on his
urn you know I'm calling to where you're
from why do you think you deserve to
meet Cody Simpson with me so into your I
increase clothes on the 31st of December
so tight quickly get those fingers
moving
if you don't want to miss out so yeah
that's like something used I hope you
liked the video you didn't sorry turns
off the wrong side of the bed is the
right side get her the bed on the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I can change my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic reverb
Istanbul we need to screw logic let's
get crazy means the new normal of the
world is Jamie's you can't play me cuz I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keeping it a replay be an idiot rap
in a crew to streaming like the rabbit
