hi guys hello how you doing I'm doing
good thanks for asking
so today's video I was a little bit
different it's kind of like a different
kind of mood favorite Lucas's Libra has
asked me to be a part of the I am FEMA's
campaign and I'm gonna tell you
something that kind of well I think that
makes me feel this there's some dusty
and it's really annoying but it possibly
is I really struggled with well I've
started with a lot of things
one-handed cartwheels but one thing that
I have really really struggled with is
like crowds and like being in social
situations which I think I feel like
most of us on the Internet
really struggle with that but I thought
I would just tell you my story and maybe
some of you guys can relate to it and
maybe it will help you maybe it won't
maybe I'm just making idiot of myself
but we'll see when I was in high school
I could never sit in like the school
assemblies because I get my panic
attacks that had to leave and it was all
paramedic so then I'd have to sit like
separately for assemblies that was
really embarrassing and I looked really
cool but whatever now being a youtuber I
like going situations where I do have to
meet lots of people I have to be in
crowds and I've really really struggled
with it like when I was on amplify like
when we toured around Australia with a
bunch of other youtubers I had a panic
attack on there on there in there around
there I was at a meeting great and the
room was quite small and like people
like pushing into the door and it like
freaked me out so I had to like leave
and that was really awkward cause as I
was leaving I had to walk past like
everyone serve I was going Jamie
champion I was going like being quite
rude and I apologize I just like I
needed to get out of there I needed to
leave for me and when I'm in a crowd it
feels like you know when you you're
doing a bungee jump or you're doing
something you need to like you have to
jump off we I don't know like say you're
sending on a your your legs are tied up
by the little bungee cord it you got to
jump off and it's like that first moment
where you have to jump like no one else
can push you or whatever you have to
and it's that point where you've already
jumped you're not quite off the off the
ledge thing but it's too late to come
back and you're sort of I don't know
your heart's like oh my god what have I
done
it's like that part there that's what it
feels like but like for like a hundred
times longer when I'm in a crowd I don't
know if that's what it's like for other
people but that's what it's like for me
it's really scary I really don't like it
I'm getting nervous just thinking about
it
who but how I'm sort of got over it I'm
still I still struggle with it like
don't get me wrong but I think putting
myself in the situation more has really
helped me and then also like when I meet
you guys at these amazing greats like
you guys would come up to me like Jamie
you got me through then say you like
your story about this thing got me
through this and things like that and so
if I can help you guys get through
things I feel like you guys helped me
get through things cuz the only reason I
go to these meeting greets is to meet
you guys and to see if it was like
messages about how they missed me at the
meeting root cause I had to leave was
really kind of I don't know it was
really sad for me because I felt really
really bad so in my head I was like I
need to get over this boy you guys it
sounds so cheesy but whatever it's truly
something in my eye
and it's really cool oh it's just my
Bible more times I do it like the more
confident I get and and I'm getting
better and it's so great
cuz I'm fearless nobody can be me to mix
my story if you guys have a story about
how you were fearless and you had it
fear and then you started with other
than you overcame it please let me know
in the comments below because in I'll
read it any more announce arena and
we'll all be fearless together I still
have something in my eye oh my god don't
really go now I really hoped you liked
the video it's a little bit different it
wasn't really like funny funny funny but
it wasn't romantic romantic dramatic but
yeah okay I'm gonna go now
it turns out the wrong side of the bed
is the right side get other bed on the
left and I smile wide because I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I could change my wig get it time
to show what we each do cause to come
over stomp over need to screw logic
lesson crazy where's the new normal like
the world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cus I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it in a replay be an idiot
rapid accrue to the stream in like no
mistake
