natural welcome to this week's video I
know I missed the sunday upload all my
videos will be posting on a Sunday just
take Nicole issues but I'm gonna just
try it blowed once wait let's just start
with it once a week and then let's try
and do a weekly upload cuz I said it was
like hey guys yeah I'm gonna do a bunch
of videos and then it was like oh god
I'm out of like the the swing of making
good content for the last like four
years I guess so I take it but a more of
a chill approach to this video I'm just
like just sitting out very lucky to have
grown up here this week's video I
thought I'd do a Q&A so sunny outside
there's not a cloud in the sky I thought
I crack up a little beer have a couple
of brewskis with the boyos JK is my mom
and my dad and my you know I did
disappear for about two years and I came
back and said I was engaged to a woman
and I feel like people would have some
questions so we're gonna do that that's
what we're gonna do I'm gonna try get
ripple this I got so much saliva in my
mouth that so I'm gonna try do anyway
let's just jump into it before I say
something done cool how do you feel now
that you've found love so happy for you
Queen I feel so good it's it's a weird
thing I used to be like when people used
to talk about love and all that stuff
I'd be like nerd okay
but it's a weird feeling it's just like
makes the simplest things way cooler I
we could we could be doing anything like
supermarket shopping it's fun
anything everything just turns fun I
used to see a couple of my friends and
relationships that are being really
stressful on them sometimes or most of
the time but it's just so easy life is
good and the birds are chirping and the
butterflies are flying some hard eyes on
huh oh right we're gonna move up from
that question how do you feel about your
older videos do you like them or do you
cringe I some of them I do like I used
to be really embarrassed like of all of
them even now if people come out to him
go oh you still I watch your videos I'm
like
so you know when you someone says oh I
follow you on twitter and you're like
yeah that's at the time I enjoy posting
them and I think it was probably just
the age I was I'm I remember posting
them being like yeah that's so funny I'm
so good Jamie sorters the best and now
it's a bit embarrassing but but I know I
I'm I think they're fine it was suitable
for the age I was I think what's one
thing that helped you through any
troubles you've encountered so far in
your life I mean obviously my last video
I talked about going through a bit of a
rough patch and just kind of being a bit
lost and for me I found that house was
just separating myself from anything
that was negative and the same thing
with making videos not that it was
entirely negative but it wasn't helping
me move forward so I assume you mean by
the American accent Ford I don't know
where that's come from I'm sorry I'm
probably just awkward you know when
you're just old and you put on an accent
because you can't know okay yep for me
it was just separating myself and
stepping back and working on myself I
think putting myself first and that
included not doing videos so often not
making as much content not pretending to
be something that I wasn't because that
was a big stream obviously on things
saying that oh yeah I'm happy or coming
across as if I was happy in them in the
best time made it worse that I had to
hide it I think for me anyway so I found
the thing that helped was to be honest
with first myself and everyone else and
just stepping back from everything for a
bit and knowing that there would be
consequences to pulling myself away but
accepting that how I felt and how my
head was was more important than like
having subscribers why is someone come
outside
my dad on crutches we're gonna said a
baby - I know you said a big part of
your body transformation was letting go
of things that were doing you harm but
I'm just really curious as to what your
food plan workout routine was I had a
lot of people say this to me and there
was no like I'll occasionally go for
runs but I'm talking like once every 2 3
4 5 months it was more just I was in a
heavier place and I wasn't eating as
much and I was eating healthier food I
wasn't looking for comfort in a whole
packet of like toffee pops or something
I was just yeah my mindset changed and I
wasn't eating as much because I would
anyone know Denny's but I was just
changing my eating habits and I don't
quote me on this because I'm not a
personal trainer or giving you any
advice but a lot of people have said to
me 80% of I don't know a body
transformation or being healthier
looking healthy or whatever you want to
call it register bug 80% of it is what
you're putting into your body and what
you're eating and drinking and things
like that
I mean 20% was at the gym because I was
going to the gym when I was a bit bigger
but nothing was changing because I'd go
to the gym and be like oh cool now I can
eat all this because it weighs it out
and doesn't take a scientist to know
that that's not gonna work so honest
opinion on bid you might know I don't
like but she might did you might Omar
might not were you more nervous or
excited to reveal and use in your last
video I was very very nervous I was
sitting there with my fiance the video
was supposed to go up a lot earlier then
I posted it up and originally I was like
oh okay I'm gonna put up at 7 and then I
don't know you know what we'll just put
it up at 8 so I was like I need to tweet
out then I'm putting it up at 8:00
otherwise I'm never gonna put it up and
I'm gonna just keep pushing it back
don't really know why I was super
nervous the reactions been really great
so thank you for everyone who has wished
us the best of luck and congratulations
and stuff like that it really does mean
a lot and it's crazy I'm sorry I'm
really bad at like saying thank yous and
showing that I care but I do really do
care it's really awesome
you guys are great what are your
favorite vegetables and fruit I really
like cherries strawberries watermelon
tomatoes I love Tomatoes I love lettuce
like I really love lettuce it's kind of
weird just like the crunch of it like
any advice to your younger self just
kind of relax a bit you will figure it
out I feel like that's the only advice I
could give my younger self is just kind
of just say relax it will all be okay
which I feel like is a cliche thing but
it will be just you will find where you
need to go better he's gonna die you
kidding me and that's about it for this
week I hope you liked it I will see you
next week
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big is the best of both
worlds I get changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do Kosta Koufos
probably needs you screw logic let's get
crazy means the new normal of the world
is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot wrap
in a crew to the stream in like almost a
girl get it girl
girl girl girl girl girl also I cut my
hair off by the way girl
