I had my insecurities with sarcasm oh
this lighting is so like hey this is my
face look at it and see every single
thing wrong with it see high range
security with my sarcasm guys I don't
haven't done yep great and thanks for
watching I am in a new place if I like
I'm setting all of my videos with my hey
guys I'm in a new place well they have a
new new place but I'm going to be in
this new place for three months because
I am living in Auckland I'm filming in
the bathroom because the lighting and
the rest of like my apartment is quite
dark because it's actually a hotel so
I'm living in a hotel for three months
but it's like a not yeah you know yeah
so that's fun for me in the bathroom and
I got my tripod I'm gonna take a photo
of this so cool that's me oh hello and
upload it I put it on reflex you should
follow me on Rufus this is new it's
actually really cool it's comic snapchat
but it's not
you can upload basically just click it
in uploads it straight away you know if
you like doing other things and also
because I don't have Wi-Fi at the moment
you can like post the pictures and then
it will upload once you're in like Wi-Fi
go follow me Jaime Curry see the photo
so why am i doing this video I'm going
to show you around my apartment and yeah
I just found out my tripod has like an
equal like giant step thing here we have
the hair salon at the truth brushing
station this is the mirror yeah so
that's the mirror this is my makeup
station I hope you can see it that's
what makes me look this good oh god I
look so just like hey I was dead like
four years but now frozen that's the
look I look like today this is a cool
state-of-the-art captain
look at that zooming effect mmm
moving on to tree just jump into the
bedroom jump right in there you have a
rack brought from home that holds all of
my my jackets oh look at that I am a
cinema tal cinema summit cinema tonics
in a cinema so I will show you inside my
wardrobe I can take a photo of this too
the cool thing about this is you can
like tag the interest before you hit the
photo so this is Colo thing so take a
photo of my clothing out much style much
fashion sick then very buttery it's just
really cool I really like it follow me
please
look at all my photos this is what I
call charging station I use that to
charge this is a lamp that is broken
this is my beard Wow very homey
this is the lamp that does work what
we're looking at right now are sheets of
paper that are going to go into my book
that I'm going to sign look how many
there are and I have to sign it twice so
this is the example beside here they're
like it's kind of like a forward okay
sober and there I have to do that to
every single one of these this is my
modem then I don't know how to use I try
to call in the hotline but date didn't
rope I moving on
Wow very nice very hotel e cracking so
over here we'll start with the rubbish
bin it's very state-of-the-art it's
quite full because I haven't discovered
where the rubbish bin is in this
building and I'm too scared to ask me
one so that's that story here we have
some shortbread because everyone needs
shortbread and that was actually for
yesterday oops you have some glasses
some whiners and some more glasses do
you want to know what's in this cupboard
this is my food cupboard
I'm gonna share that with the world cuz
I think that should be shared forget and
here is all my cereal and breakfast
ingredients this is when having three
hours would be really cool pic cow and
that's a tiny little elephant cuz
everyone needs a tiny little elephant
here's my fridge
we had whoa so I fell over in this
corner we have the steady art sound
system this right here just in case you
couldn't see it this is my blanket with
arms I'm gonna put it on I feel like
Jesus
Shadowman us sharing a bit about you you
mean a perfect it is a blanket with arms
my god it's a horrible photo no I'm
going to like there is that but
literally just posts you just have to
click it and then it uploads like
straight away and last but not least we
have the minibar
whiskey some vodka and because you know
just in case I'm on the run small vodka
by the way if you recognize this
building please don't comment what
building it is kind of don't want people
to know where I live I don't know if
it's just me but privacy is kind of
thing that I like Thanks
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get other bed on the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this biggest the best of both
worlds I could change my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic above a
Samba we need to screw logic legend
crazy me is the new normal of the world
is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it at a replay be an idiot rap
in a crew to the screaming like a scribe
it means you're breaking into my station
like it's nothing
