oh oh okay well hello hello and welcome
to the show
throwback to when I was like 11 and did
that um actually I was like 16 but what
event I'm basically I'm here to talk
about a secret cuz I got a secret I got
a secret and that secret is that I have
an announcement and that announcement do
you know the number don't know what the
announcement is not writing a book
that's what you're thinking ha I'm not
like one of those youtubers that try to
freaking write a book because that's not
me
nah arts not the secret's out I do head
book haha mm-hmm and the past have made
fun of not made fun but you know taking
the job of like how I look another
youtuber with another book and I swore
that I would never write a book but then
you know come about thinking and I was
approached and they were kind like ah
you know do you think you could write a
book and I was like you know what I
think I can actually know that so I went
so yeah I decide to write a book because
I'm 18 and had heaps of life experience
oh I'm also gonna add author to my
Twitter bio those were words Congrats
huh I'm also gonna add author to my
Twitter bio nailed it they let me write
a book cuz I was kind of like you're
letting me write a book okay
now not only do you suffer at my video
content you now suffer at my rich in
content Hey
you're probably wondering what's in the
book well I'm going to tell you right
now it's kind of like when I was little
um when I was a little bit older and
then I got a little bit older and in
today yeah
so if that doesn't make you want to buy
it then I don't know what oil no
basically it's kind of like these
fighters in there of me when I was
little about what I did at Primary
School and my intermediate which is like
Elementary
middle school and believed in America
and like little habits I did like I had
this little cowboy hat that I used to
wear everywhere which was probably
totally unhygenic but whatever am i
selling it to you am i doing it okay
there's like treble tips in there how to
be an adult which I don't know I did
that because they let me write a book is
out in stores soon ha and online I'm
sorry I'm doing like heaps of like promo
stuff recently but you know sometimes
things fall that way and then I probably
won't do another video for a couple
months I'm just kidding just kidding I
have worked really hard on this me and
Alex obviously I don't ride it all by
myself cuz I'm an idiot yeah Jamie you
know you just have other talents Thanks
I don't owe high tech stuff but if you
don't get a copy you can pre-order it
the details will be in the oh yeah
that's just my secret if this video is
boring I'm sorry I'm gonna go now cool
awesome
don't forget to buy it kidding kinda
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left that I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I could change my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic above a
Samba we need to screw logic let's get
crazy we as the new normal of the world
is Jaime's you can't blame me cuz I
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot wrap
in a cruller screaming like a cranberry
juice breaking into mistake like it's
nothing
