hey guys that was so rude I didn't make
eye contact when I said that hey guys
I did a hashtag us Jamie on Twitter and
then I filmed it like a actually did
film it but it was like in the middle of
me being sick I was like coughing and it
just was really gross and I didn't sound
very nice to listen to so I decided to
scratch that I was at Cowell doing on
Instagram so this one is from Instagram
which I don't think I've done before so
that's interesting and now I just
basically seen ask questions and you
guys ask me questions and now I'm going
to answer them at VidCon want to
high-five or fist pump pump pump pump
I reckon high-fives I feel like the
high-fives are more like who responds
kind of like later bro but like half I
would say but your whole body and your
sight
yeah yeah so high-five what song would
you want to be serenaded with and who
would be sending it to you Justin
Bieber's urinating me with now watch me
whip watch me nae nae I think that would
be really romantic
watch me when's your birthday July 26
don't forget it make sure to wish me a
really big happy birthday thanks ru so
pretty I don't even know it just come
from there telling me what do you think
about delete mmm what do you think about
the legalization of gay marriage and
greetings from a Jew
if you had a tuna what would you name it
I would name it Jeffrey why cuz ii
what's your favorite song a team
everybody's bugging me
she likes Elena's new song I hate how
people like commenting like oh my god
Cindy guy means why have you turned into
a hoe and uh you know half naked and
rolling around on things she is just
being a woman it was a guy up there all
shirtless she would be like if I had a
body like Selena I'm probably doing this
naked so what's the weirdest dream your
head I had a dream one time that I had
two mothers like and a father as well
one of them was like my fake mom but
they looked exactly the same and we were
walking along a volcano and one of my
mom's fell in I got real sad and then
dad was like no it's okay
that was your fake mom and they turned
around and it said my real mom like and
I was like oh okay
and we continued on walking yeah I may
have some psychological issues so give
us a runway show work it girl
how'd you get your hair to grow so long
um I didn't cut it basically do they get
your favorite changes yeah it has um I
only talk to people with a million
followers or more so if you don't know
that then don't even bother come in and
talking to me because can I eat your
here here a virgin or nah I prefer in
New Zealand virgin airlines are just
kind of I don't know I just don't think
my services as great as in New Zealand
what is your fave type of curry how old
are you and your little sister my sister
is 17 and I'm 18 the battery's gonna die
I'm sorry for the recent people that I
missed okay so thank you so much for
watching this video
how about um I'll see you next time
opposed the video um thank you singing
the questions oh my god
okay bye
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get other bed on the left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big as the best of both worlds
I can change my wig get it time to show
what we each do caustic reverb a Samba
we need to screw logic legend crazy
where's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay be an idiot rap in a
cruiser streaming like a cranberry juice
it was breaking in almost taking like
its new people
