oh we're recording hello and welcome to
this week's video the reason I am
putting out such high quality content is
because my original plan was to film a
video outside
okay furlong got costumes and everything
but the wither decided to be negative
and so that plan failed so I had no idea
what I was under for this week so I
decided to do this masterpiece this
video is gonna be the tackiest video
ever and I'm really excited make sure
you subscribe for more quality content
okay let's just start this trainwreck
there's a romantic song
been--but brain is again and I'm going
Treasury and that concludes this week's
video I started this at 4 o'clock and
now it's sex o'clock I've been doing
that for two hours I'm gonna go now okay
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get other bed other left
and I smile wide kiss I know I'm gonna
make this big it's the best of both
worlds I can change my wig get it turn
the show what we each do caustic reverb
Istanbul we need to screw logic let's
get crazy where's the new normal like
the world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it at a replay be an idiot
rap in a crew to the streaming like
you're freaking me no mistake
