this Sun go down on me hi
so for this week's video I have been
challenged by the new Pixar movie inside
out to let you guys know me inside out
I'm just gonna go through five emotions
that I have experienced in my life and
attach it with a story the first emotion
is joy the time that I felt the most
Jewish is that a word I don't know is
actually when I was on the amplify tour
if you don't know I was on tour in
Australia and the second meeting great a
girl came up to me and she was crying
and it made me cry of joy I have never
cried over happiness ever I'm kind of
like a robot when it comes to like
feelings I was kinda like don't cry I
think she sort of walked off and then I
was I oh my god
I'm gonna cry right now so I turned
around and I was like I've got this like
disguise it I like patinaed I was
drinking water miss Andrea Russett she
was behind me and she saw me crying as
she goes are you crying
and then her manager was like oh and so
then they both came and I was literally
in a sandwich hug I just heard everyone
go to me and I craps to the ground and I
cried the next emotion is fear and I
tell ya I'm afraid of a lot of things
yeah okay we just don't know I mean my
family decides going like a family like
trip anywhere on the single - spoke
basically it's like this kind of like a
sleeping bag and there's three of you
and it pulls you like a million miles in
the ear and then it just drops you and
you go Bob
and then you swing that was a really
good description but whatever I win on
it with my cousin and my uncle being
pulled to the top and you have to pull
the elastic thing that lets you drop and
they were like Jamie you do it and I was
like I'm getting like nervous just
thinking about it oh well you know that
hot flashing it like when you going
through menopause yeah cuz I'm that old
I am
yeah that was weird and then all of a
sudden without letting me know my uncle
just pulled the road and we just made
one and as we were going down
such a pride I weighed myself I did
uh-huh and I'd like to say I was like
sexist even I think I was like 10 or 11
I can't believe I just put that on the
Internet instead of like hiding it I
went everyone
sorry happy with myself because I hadn't
ever done this before and I was like
guys look i wit myself but everyone was
like oh my next emotion is anger I very
rarely get angry I could just I don't
know I remember someone annoys me I'm
like okay why just it's not in my nature
to get angry at someone except when I
was 12 I was like this angry little ball
of twelve-year-old evilness I used to
play soccer I was a strikeout like I
scored the goals and a tripod
I thought soccer was my life we'd lost
I'd be sad for like two weeks
that's how dedicated I was and in this
one game it was like the most important
game of like my football career I got
put in goalkeeper I did two positions
I'd rather be goalkeeper or I played
striker and for this game we needed
goals my Tector for the game was to
score as many goals as you can he's like
that play win but my coach he had a
different tactic and I was for them to
not score any goals and I'd been
preparing for this game and like the
past like three weeks I come on with
school girls I'm gonna do this and
they're like Jamie you're gonna be golf
keeper and I was just like I was so
angry I thought lit down and disgraced
and I don't know I got over it a week
later but in the time I was so angry
sounds really stupid now that I say it
that way man the next emotion of sadness
think one time when I was really sad was
I lost my watch I have never lost
anything in my life
apart from this one thing and it makes
me really sad that I let myself down
like that
oh this thunders been done don't let the
Sun go down of me bet you didn't know I
could sing and I was just so say cuz I
just didn't know what the time was I was
like this lost little soul like oh no
the tappman
I voted by Drita Wow it happened around
the time that we saw that car and when I
went to like look for my watch we think
it was in the car
and whoever bought the car didn't return
it and that just made me disappointed in
humanity that someone would still
eight-year-old girls pretty bird
the last emotion is discussed and my
disgust was in the man who stole my
Tweety watch I am disgusted in you and
I'm sick of you whoever you are
that's the video for this week I hope
you liked it sorry about the Sun going
up and down and just I don't know hope
you liked it and I hope you got to get
to know me a little bit Peter inside out
now I challenge you guys through the
same thing in the comments below give me
a man emotion and then give me a story
to match the emotion because you guys
have some weirdo stories you guys are
weird but I would love to go through the
comments that I will be replying to
people being like weird oh my god
low that's what I'm gonna be doing but
still really gonna ending these videos
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her to bed or the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I can change my wig get it time
to show what we each do Kosta Koufos
probably need to screw logic let's get
crazy where's the new normal like the
world is jammies you can't blame HSI
can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keeping it on replay be an idiot rap
in a crew to screw in like a baby's your
little freaking in almost and like it's
nothing
