bring it on chickens what was that
anyway so you guys follow me on
Instagram - I would know that I was in
Asia so basically I went on a date taken
Tiki in Asia with some other youtubers
and it was cool despite the fact that in
all the of logs I look like I'm gonna
stab someone that comes within two feet
of me I did in fact have a really really
good time I thought I would vlog it I've
never really kind of looked like a trip
like this so it was new thing for me I
mean this video totally sucks I
apologize but first thing I did was I
flew to Bangkok by myself and I got like
lost in the airport and luckily there
was some people that actually have fun
with me in there
and I was like hi um you're gonna get a
photo with me you helped me through the
airport so they didn't get a photo they
left and I found some more people then
I'm just gonna I'm just kidding it was
so funny this is just part one of a
series and we're gonna have at least
another two or three videos hopefully I
don't know we'll see when I eat it them
together so this video is really about
my first day in Bangkok so
our and dinner and I don't know what I'm
gonna eat I'm staying away from my
chickens I might go for a pizza for the
holidays I don't really like chips I
might have to go for some chips or just
some rats I'm gonna come back home left
stick everyone stopping a major college
I'm so devoted the speedball name and
their fries and they said all that's
very adventurous being sarcastic but I
don't eat fries so this is adventurous
pants and from this place here
they're only like six dollars but like
in New Zealand they like 60 bucks
they got boughs on them I'll put them on
later
Hey so that was day one in Asia didn't
do a lot but it's I found out it's quite
hot so I'm new to this vlogging thing
but everyone else is vlogging so that
means we'll give it a go
so here we go okay goodnight I got my
temple pants on I look good yeah
okay we're outside and it's boiling hot
this is the street that we're on I
definitely have the coolest in the town
walking along some road and we're
getting to the theory and I'm being told
it's really busy so we just need it like
you know I'm kiddo it's because you
can't stick as a group I don't want to
get taken away it's still hot
we made it inside in this episode just
had an ice-cream and I kind of feel sick
now but I'm cool mango sorbet is the
best she didn't like it
raspberry sorbet is pretty good so after
the Grand Palace we jumped on this other
boat and yeah this is what we
mr. step that really shows it's hard to
talk about it and deal a couple walking
November we just walk around
I think the one thing that stood out for
me in Bangkok was sort of some of the
poverty the other clip that I'm going to
show you now is like these houses that
like live on the water and then sort of
like 20 meters to the left there's like
a brand new Starbucks and if you if you
look at the weight or the way their
houses are they're like really rundown
and they just they don't look very like
you know nice to live that's one of the
things that stood out to me on the trip
it's like kind of a shock vector so yeah
that differently yeah sorry
so that basically sums up my like first
and a half day in Bangkok next week's
video is going to be post at the same
time is this where this post is also you
guys asked me what's the song what was
the song above about any other music
reviews in here the link will be in the
description if you want to check that
out if you like this video give it a
thumbs up if you didn't give it a thumbs
down obviously then it sucks you should
tell me because everyone loves to get
negative feedback so that so that ends
part one of my Asia series hopefully
I'll see you back next week same time
same place you know I'm getting better
and better at these endings
bye turns off the wrong side of the bed
is the right side get her the bed of a
left and I smile wide just I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it turn
the show where we each do cause to come
over stomp over need to screw logic
let's get crazy we use the new normal
and world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keeping it on replay be an
idiot rap in a crew screamin like a
rabbit means you're freaking it almost
ain't like it's nothing
