right Oh am i oh all right okay all
right
never forget perfect
oh okay I'm really no it's cute ah oh hi
everyone um how you doing good that's
great well welcome to this week's video
or as you guys like to say this month's
this year's uh video because if you
don't even post speaking of me were
posting this is kind of what this video
is about yeah like why where have I been
what have I been doing why haven't I
been making content I just wasn't happy
I yeah I was just I don't make videos
cuz I was sad guys I was sad so I'm not
good with feeling so if I'm just bear
with me I'm talking about emotions and
feelings kind of started when I left
high school I don't really have a
direction or a purpose or a reason as to
why I was doing anything and I just got
a bit lost I think I just a lost lolkid
and it kind of spiraled from there I put
on weight as as everyone in the comments
love to point out and I just became very
self-conscious and obviously putting on
weight it wasn't the main thing to why I
was not a happy chappie but it
definitely played a big part in it and
obviously me not being in the best
headspace sort of led to me eating more
than I should and that was really hard
to do in front of a lot of people
telling you that you've gotten fat was
which people love to use that word and
it sucked like I joke about it but it
really sucked my favorite comments are
like yeah and like you've just put on a
little bit away you were a lot pretty
when you're skinnier so that maybe at
the gym and I was like thanks for that
and then I just yeah I just became
really self-conscious um I didn't want
to be on camera because I felt I just
didn't feel comfortable with myself and
then obviously having to look at myself
and edit the whole
I can barely look at myself in the
mirror let alone have to stare at a
computer screen for three hours right
you know it at my face and then
obviously I wasn't taking photos of
myself so I wasn't going on Instagram
the only thing I would do was have a
couple wines and then tweak things I
don't want to hang out with friends I
don't want to see anyone I spend most of
my time just in my room basically by
myself so I ended up moving out about an
hour away from anyone I know I was in
the middle of nowhere like in the
country into this little cottage by
myself and I lived there for eight
months so the horses running around it
was nature I was like cool I'll get back
maybe I'll find myself pal at this
little cottage eight months later I
didn't I was still very just depressed
honestly and that's kind of the only
word I can kind of describe it that's
kind of one of the reasons and then the
other one is my sexuality I don't like
talking about feelings and things like
that it just makes you feel weird but I
need to tell you guys this so we can get
things moving get everything out in the
old pen let everyone know I've really
struggled with my sexuality which I
think if you have ever questioned your
own sexuality you would sort of
understand I'd go on dates with guys and
be like oh yeah they're nice cool their
fat their heart I like it but I just get
bored and I would like go on their
Instagram so this one guy who's really
hot he stores really hot I really hope
he doesn't see this I'd go on his
Instagram like hello Sookie stop him
he's so hot why don't I just he's right
there he wants to talk to me but I don't
want to talk to him I didn't want to
kiss him I don't want to do any of the
other Stacy sexy stuff I just didn't I
just lost interest and I was like what
the heck why do I not want to do
anything with these guys why do I not
want a boyfriend maybe I like girls
I talked with girl that hang out with
girls but I still didn't want to do
anything I didn't want to talk to them
and get there a little bit and get like
excited like oh yeah they're cool and
then I just lose it I go flat and I'd go
on their instagrams again and they're
pretty why do I not want to kiss you
kiss you then why do I not want to I
hang out with like it was just weird
stuff I don't like boys I don't like
girls am I missing something that I
don't know did I go through puberty
this doesn't make any sense my friends
are going off boyfriend's are going off
with girlfriends they're like I yeah and
I was like probably the last four years
I spent trying to put this label trying
to find my label my thing my I was like
in my gay and my bi and my asexual and
my pansexual all these things I was just
don't know if that sounds dumb but it
was so important for me to find a label
or a place where I could fit in and give
me a direction of where I was supposed
to go but I couldn't find it I'd have
been like cool if I was a lesbian I mean
like cool sweet imma lesbian if I was
straight about cool I'm straight if I
was Byard but I cool and by but I didn't
seem to like find one that I fit in like
completely and it just bothered me and
saw skating away I didn't know who I was
I didn't know who I loved I didn't I
just felt lost basically is what I was
getting at with all of us stuff I just
said I was very lost and you could tell
in the videos that I made that I wasn't
happy with the content first of all I
wasn't happy with myself and I really
struggled with having to be like hey
when I was like doing whatever the
opposite of that and and oh here's the
here's the big part here's were getting
to the good part
to this day I still don't really know
what my label is or what category I sit
in or whatever you want to call it um
but I do know that I fell in love I just
I met this person and I was attracted to
them basically instantly and we were
talking and talking and I was waiting
for that point of like me to get bored
or switch off or just not have any
interest anymore
but it never went away and that interest
grew and the attraction grew the
relationship grew and I fell in love for
the first time ever and this person
happens to be a woman and she's amazing
I feel like crying
ah no tears no more tears left to cry on
me whoa um
no if I
I was telling you my friend I was gonna
make this video and I wasn't gonna cry
cuz that's just dramatic ah I fell in
love with the coolest person ever no no
we're gonna no we're gonna cut this out
guys you know you're not gonna see this
rice oh ah
am i I'm okay okay make up here and make
up tomorrow cool sweet I yeah so sorry
where were we oh yeah I fell in love hmm
all these feelings gosh
get back down crush crush feelings
that's crucial to Phoenix down feelings
are for normal people I fell in love
with this amazing she's so beautiful and
she's so funny and I'm listing all these
really generic things at people list but
she's all of those things and more
she makes me so happy no ah ah oh I know
my friends are gonna take the best of me
for this bro brilliant fantastic
my point is she makes me so happy I'm so
happy I'm the happiest I've been for a
very very long time
I have obviously kept this a secret from
the internet all of my friends and
family know obviously we've been going
out for quite some time
it'd be a bit difficult to hide and yeah
she's just she's amazing and because of
all these things that I do love about
her I asked her to marry me and she said
yes thank God and it's been so hard to
keep it a secret from you guys because I
knew I had to fully get my head right
and sort everything out before I could
make a video let alone this kind of
video just before I could make any kind
of video and I'm finally in the right
space with my head and my body I'm
comfortable with myself for the first
time in so long obviously she was a part
of that but please don't go falling in
love with people thinking and
it's gonna fix everything because they
still struggled with things at the start
of our relationship that was three years
in the making of me trying to get to a
bit of headspace and she kind of came in
at the right time where I flipped it and
that was on the up classic line you have
to love yourself before you can love
someone else and that's so true so I was
lucky that she came just at the right
time also I have I have kicked her off
everything for a reason
and I haven't seen her name if you may
have noticed what I want to do is I
basically want to let you guys take all
this in and we're gonna take it in
because this is kind of a big video I
think for me to kind of say I also think
it's a big thing to introduce someone to
thousands of people watching your life
and commenting on it so yeah we'll ease
into it let's go with it we're gonna
ease into it so yeah that's my that's my
news they tell me just grumbles yeah I
think thank you guys for being so
patient I do really appreciate it
obviously I've lost subscribers and
followers and things but I knew that
would happen but I also knew I had to
just figure out myself before I figured
out anything else so yeah you guys are
still there I'd really love it if you
doesn't know just came along with me cuz
that's what we did before and we need to
do it again we need to catch up like old
friends you know feel like we're like
those old friends that don't see each
other in ages and we see each other like
you guys are honestly incredible and I
wouldn't be able to be sitting right
here in my room talking to myself
without you guys yeah well I will see
you guys next week
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide just I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I can change my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic whip up
a Samba we need to screw logic lesson
crazy where's the new normal of the
world is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replate be an idiot
wrap in a crew to the streaming like
rabid your freaky mental mistake
