welcome to this week's video is it out
of turn or do I just suck I'm just gonna
jump right into it now so I live in New
Zealand I've always heard you guys talk
about Netflix and I was like what the
heck is Netflix I think I tweeted it one
time and you guys were like it's stupid
now it is in New Zealand I've watched
all two series of ours is new black and
now I've droid the season 3 the ending
was so good like how the lady was like
scheming and hidden the other girl was
like oh and then she saw the Eagle girl
and she's like don't be rude and so yeah
basically that has been my entire life
and they've just been situations in my
life where I'm like I wish I could watch
this right now when I couldn't because I
had to listen to someone or talk to
another human being I thought maybe I
should do a video around how to watch
Netflix without like getting caught
you walk into class you sit down and you
get your laptop out and you're like
season 3 of oranges and your breakers
come out but you have to watch it right
then and now I'd be cut because your
class so this is what you have to do you
put your hand up into a teacher hey miss
can I listen to music why I'm on my
laptop and the teacher will be like of
course Jamie that's okay so as you're
doing your work and you're like thanks
miss of course I'll be doing my work and
there you go that's as simple as that
but in your pocket wondering what
happens for the teachers like walking
around well you just have to make sure
that your computer screen is the
opposite
of the enemy so we're going to pretend
this take a game of hide-and-seek and
you're the mmm thing and they're the the
other thing and when they you're
suspicious just keep doing it and just
pretend that you're a psycho I'm good at
this I should have my own YouTube
channel so you get home from a hard day
you throw your bag down and then you sit
down on the couch and then all of a
sudden your mum comes in and she's like
don't go on your phone do homework and
you're like oh do you pull out a book
and you read the book but little did she
know is that behind your book you're
still on Netflix then at the end of the
day everyone's happy because your mum
thinks you're a good person and you get
to watch Netflix
once again you're welcome for that handy
tip I don't know I just I'm pretty much
Jesus I mean Jamie curry Jesus Christ JC
JC yeah so now for the iPad now this one
this one took quite a bit of work
actually I went to a store it should I
didn't that's a lie I was going to then
I just stole one of mums old sheets and
then I read one of mums pillows and
stitched around it with this cloth then
I stitched like a little square piece
into it then I could slide the I'd head
in and I like holds it on and then it
has like a flap that comes down to cover
its holes like a normal pillow when you
let the flap this iPad sitting here in
its secure little holder and ended up
actually just stitching it to the pillow
and now this holes around the pillow and
mums going to kill me but that's okay
cuz then I can watch Netflix and peace
in my grave it's a good way of thinking
that me and my sister like to watch TV
programmes at the same time and if one
of us goes ahead of the other we get
real mad Venis some real tough fights so
this is our third go I'm in my bed I'm
lying there and I'm watching my show and
all of a sudden she comes in are you
watching that with help me and I'll be
like no what
come with a flare
and she'll be like give it to me and you
give it to her and then she'll check it
out and she'll like oh it's just a
normal pillow get grumpy right baguette
yet and leave and then you just continue
to watch your program that's the video
for this week hope you enjoyed it if you
didn't well I don't really know what
else to say that's it I'm so tired I'd
really just lost applause so I'm going
to go dry right now
sleep same thing okay bye
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed of a left
and I smile wide cuz I know I'm gonna
make this big is the best of both worlds
I can change my wig get it time to show
what we each do Kosta Koufos probably
need to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal if the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay be an idiot rap in a
cruiser screaming like a rabbit meet
your little freakin in almost ate like
it's nothing
