how can you check this one just turn it
on now nearly got it so it's not blue -
it's really not that hard no no let's
press a little Open button
got it hey so um it's a little bit
different play this on YouTube but I
thought I'd give you sort of the
bloopers I'm talking really cool here
cuz my battery's gonna die basically
what you didn't see on this book see
anyone told you that you look a lot like
me
don't worry it's a compliment
just about the top there yeah you got it
I've done your charlie both Matt this is
gonna be dangerous I can't do it I'm too
scared
thanks for watching bye turns off the
wrong side of the bed is the right side
get her the bed on the left and I smile
wide cuz I know I'm gonna make this big
it's the best of both worlds I can
changed my wig get it time to show what
we each do Kosta Columbus probably needs
you screw logic let's get crazy means
the new normal of the world is Jamie's
you can't play me kiss I can't be lame
I'm just trying to have fun keep it in a
replay be an idiot raspbian a crew to
screaming like a baby no mistake
