we're going to stick like a big spoonful
of chocolate break some of these up too
quick antlers hype a nice big high swell
tick down to eyes and nose you cast are
on topic the antlers in the top and a
little sad very smart
hmm ah there's my microphone so um
there's this random lady in my house she
just came and I was like I don't do
video she was like yeah sure why not
this is the least she does cupcakes on
my cupcake addiction with your face and
you'll go straight there and I'll put
all their links and stuff and the thing
if you want to see check her out
basically today we are making a reindeer
the cupcake and tree and stuff oh she's
going to sort of do it first and then
I'm going to see if I can copy it then
we're going to use some straws and we're
gonna make some reindeer lollipops or
chocolate lollipops and close attention
and on to lollipop stick I didn't yes Oh
Chester I got ya wait how did you do
this truck sure I make it a little round
how did you do this it is star-shaped
pretzels and you need to break off like
the two small bits of the star something
like that yes turn them over so the
stars are facing each other a bit like
that and then slide them down into the
chocolate use your for thank you you're
amazing thank you big red Jaffa giant
Jaffa nose
Reed and for the Red Nosed Reindeer
blood orange in the middle two eyes for
a little mouth for the skinny is one
long chocolate sprinkle let's pop into
the cider let's make a cupcake have you
ever put a swirl and a cupcake mahal do
I look like I've ever pop look we use
the bag and come around the outside and
then you want to bring it up like three
or four layers so it's a really nice
high Christmas tree shape ah there's a
stiff breeze blowing from that's ah
Cointreau guy one saw spring cool tree
always it's better with the star on top
I hope so if you wanna put sprinkles on
it like
turn it on its side a little bit so that
they stick at least gingerbread man yeah
Christmas trees are damn feels a
beautiful very nice this is your first
time alright now we're going to use this
nut I'm going to show you how to make
like a flat top frosting style cupcake
so it's gonna look like a really cute
little festive holly wreath I don't know
so you wants to like make it all flat on
top and then the back of the knife to
make it all flatter on the side are you
going like what just happened
yeah like you said something about the
back of the knife that is outstanding
thank you I don't appreciate asylum
Green mini M&Ms do you guys have any
sort of like Christmas food tradition do
anything that you like have to eat on
Christmas Day no we're not move like a
barbecue we have like sausages so use
too little love heart sprinkles and just
put them end to end a mm-hmm that is the
video all this week once unit wanna
check it on this channel the link and
stuff and I'll see if I can put a box on
face that's quite technical for me we
from the video over on her channel once
again I'll put a box over my face again
over your face but maybe one under and
so I'm good at otherwise if it's there's
not a box yet they'll be a link in the
description mmm-hmm yeah I'm normally
really open with my outros and another
person in the room cuz it's just I feel
awkward yeah I feel like we need to end
this turns off the wrong side of the bed
is the right side get her the bed on the
left that I smile wide just I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I could changed my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
reverb Istanbul we need to screw logic
rushing crazy where's the new normal of
the world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it at a replay be an idiot
wrapping a crew to the screaming like
cranberry juice breaking in almost and
like it's nothing people
