pound it this movie so much
hi guys it's been a hello Loen I've been
like really sick I've had a sore throat
a paired you poor thing i ah I went to
the top doesn't everything anyway I'm
back now and I thought I'd kick it off
with a QA video with his faith Taylor I
went on Twitter and I said to ask me
questions with the hashtag ask the curry
I've got some questions and we're going
to go through them so let's do it
just Taylor like for harmony - I'll kill
her later don't even I do mainly first
three albums in seriously you don't
wouldn't even know what the first three
albums are caught they don't even have
an album that was more annoying if
people often ask you questions about
Jaime
it must be annoying being known as Jane
carry sister and lips we don't look
alike you wish what is 9 + 10 21 if it
doesn't get there then don't worry when
was the last time you had like 7 years
ago and we used to sort of get grumpy at
each other mummy would be like come on
girls hug and we hug it out another like
a huggy kind of people she doesn't like
people in her space
no and fair enough do you have 12 else
in the kitchen
we're twerk offs and everyone in every
room I think I can twerk we don't here
next question Jesus music
Oh favorite song at the moment hit it
not that one this one oh yeah no fish
cheap to sing dreams
alright
what is your thing that you can't lift
it out this is probably a fun
oh yeah probably my friends that's so
like mines when I go away like I'm in
Melbourne I'm by myself like when I come
home I'm like oh my god I'm Norma -
what's in the box
do you not - the box no came I'll show
you secret right you're so weird
don't tell anyone I want don't tell
anyone what's your favorite curry
I've never yeah well like we say we
don't like however Beck she never tried
it I don't even like the smell of it
though so given it so she know I had I
don't like anything from the ocean
freaks me out like my emotion tirtir
like fish okay mentioned something with
like nothing and they just like imagine
me with my under legs going in the ocean
that's what a fish does
welcome do you scratch or fold fold you
scratch some time I went to your
wardrobe
I opened the lift door she never open to
lift or it was just this wall of clothes
all day like fold like scientifically
that shouldn't you have to stay up like
physics and gravity was on his side
right now it was running off shop and I
was just testing what I wanted him what
I did it I'm a nice person who's told to
like what is your favorite color white
you're so like why I just really like I
said I thinks you like to clean but did
you just come here say I like anything
that like turquoise like blue
you're so scrunched how many bugs you
have what is the best memory to a
particular terminating to me me they say
if you were to be killed by any sleep
pretty here would you pick Lauren
already didn't even you think I feel
like it'd be cool to say you got
assassinated by Liam Neeson I just want
to be punched in the face by Lauren they
would just make my life what's the
biggest secret you have ever kit from
your parents Oh hmm
you bear shh shh naughty child Shh stop
stop there seriously
sorry um why don't you post much on
Facebook anymore
oh well I used to make statuses quite a
bit but I just don't think anyone read
them that's why okay
sure they were asking you good why is
your last name curry this one time at
band camp we nailed it in sync babe five
sauce member calendar Asian one patient
I know it's just funny seriously it's my
face get with the internet humor it'll
cool I also might really like chill
dudes
yes I'm sure what just cuz that'll
happen can me sometime seriously how did
you two meet
long story short it was in the breeder
freezer when I met her she had like no
organs and no limbs or like here or
eyeballs or even but I could tell she
was a call girl and I knew we would be
sisters if you don't know what ivf
children are google it that's us
describe each other in three words
sarcastic Road and annoying Road drunk
alcoholic when was the last time you two
young each other like a week ago we
could got cool see you girls wanna be me
guys wanna date me what's the most
embarrassing thing you've ever done in
your life okay mugs recently um it
wasn't most embarrassing thing but most
recently on Saturday I was driving my
car my we're at this farm place and I
like to roll my car into a hole in the
back wheels of the car went up like this
and I just like Rocking and so the guys
had to walk around and like lift my car
up so I could like reverse out it was
really embarrassing No so it's the video
for this week I always go so let's the
video so that so that is the video for
this week I hope you like that for
joining my I'm 19 I didn't answer what
bitch what we're gonna finish it off
with a nice little dancey dance pick a
song then I'll get one
thank you good one you can do it
ah
they
again
got it I think we got a shot i hain't we
got my good dancers in there Claire I
know we're gonna lose that key music
music music music one more thing music
ah three two one three two one you don't
even deserve it turns out the wrong side
of the bed is the right side get her the
bed on the left and I smile wide cuz I
know I'm gonna make this big it's the
best of both worlds I can change my wig
get it time to show what we each do
caustic above a Samba we need to screw
logic let's get crazy me as the new
normal of the world as Jamie's you can't
play me cuz I can't be lame I'm just
trying to have fun keep it in a replay
be an idiot rap in a cruelest ruin like
this rapid you're breaking in almost
akin like it's new people
you
