I flew into melbourne yesterday night
I'm not even here 24 hours but while I'm
here I'm meeting up with mr. Pierre
Alexandre which will be super cool
because I Lee Hays he's really cool
pajamas and I just really love his
pajamas and I'm just really happy this
video is gonna be me chillin with Pierre
Alexandre I'm not really sure what we're
gonna do but it should be Co being
picked up at 9 o'clock it's like I don't
know eight Diddy or something so I gotta
go in a random house hopefully your
first time what do you do
yeah well I'm line is the pajama King I
sort of started the whole trend on
fashion sleep with there and I've been
doing that for 27 years I know when I
was two it's what is the most gentle dog
with this path the dog on the packaging
of your when I start with my brand I had
a dog called penny who was a Daxi I
didn't think my face was pretty enough
to be the ambassador of the brand so I
chose that when the brand took off and
you know was very successful
unfortunately she passed on that to pay
her back for all the imagery that we
still use of her I pay her back by
giving some money to animal charities so
when I was like young I didn't want
trucks and cars that I didn't want dolls
cuz all my sister's head dolls all I
wanted was
and I was obsessed by animals were
really young young agents just stayed
with me I just love them so notice that
your pajamas have like the interesting
prints and like how do you raise you
inspiration from how do you come up with
that because they were pretty bit
different and they create well I sort of
I always think about what people don't
expect on pajamas I get my inspiration
anywhere that isn't sleepwear inspired
so from fashion from movies from
anything from the park from whatever so
I just like to do what's unexpected
Betty I just finished filming with Peter
I went to his house I went to a store I
met his dogs one of them was lovely it
was epic it's so cool he has such a cool
house is such a cool store he is
surgical life this is what they gave me
they told me not to wear it in my video
because it's one of the old collections
and I'm sorry but it's it was too cool
not to wear this even got little ears
I've got about four or five hours to
kill now in Melbourne um I don't know
what I'm gonna do apparently there's a
nice Italian restaurant so I'm gonna go
get there some Italian get to some
Italian into must Tommy and I can eat
like a the zebra that I am at that Leone
speaking like a Dias is definitely Hardy
Italians a dog well I just know it
students the sort of an Indian accent
okay I'm something I might be drum now
and I realized that I don't have
anything to the video it just cut off
and I didn't know PETA actually has an
online store so if you want to check out
any of this pajamas I'll put the link in
the description I just really need to do
it the clap one time I didn't do the
clap and you guys got me so I would do
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide just I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I can change my wage get it time
to show what we each do caustic whip up
a Samba we need to screw logic let's go
crazy we use the new normal and world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun
keeping it a replate be an idiot rap in
a crew to the streaming like rabid
you're breaking in almost eight like it
smooth
