I've literally been doing this like five
years and I still don't know how to
start or in the video it's um well hi
guys welcome to this week's video and I
know you guys are always like this wait
you mean this yes huh-huh-huh basically
the other day I went to Sydney I saw my
speaker caller rang me up and they were
like y'all when I come over to Sydney
I'm sure dudes wanna know like ya come
over and I was like cowabunga yeah the
conversation kind of went like that but
they may have changed some lines anyway
so I hit it over to Sydney also on my
flight over there a lady was like asleep
on me
I don't know about you but am I the only
one that like feels like I care about
the people's personal space on a plane
this lady literally was like right in my
face and she kept like turning around
and then like yelling at the person
behind her but it was like going into my
ear and I was like you know when
something's bugging you so much and you
can feel like you're really tense and
you're about to explode was this close
to exploding I thought I'd better not
and like she'd cross her legs but her
leg would like ping into mine she
thought would touch me but she wouldn't
move really I was putting something with
coca-cola while I was over there and
decided to just kind of lock the day
because I feel like you guys are always
like what do you do and I'm like it's
ours I'll film this and I'll show you
guys kind of what I do when when you
don't see this because I do have a life
as soon as this camera turns off kinda
they hide out a mansion so I see it was
like this mansion and I was like okay so
we get to the house and there's like
these cute little blankets and there's a
flamingo in the pool and then like you
look at the match and you're like yeah
mansion which it looks like it's like an
engine that's sick
but if you look down a little bit you
just see the man who owns the house sort
of like hiding behind his newspaper and
every nun they need sort of low
and kind of shake out what's going on
yes so then we got chucked into here and
makeup I don't like little touches it
like makes me especially on my face it
makes me like I'm always like to the
makeup lady sorry if I'm a bit weird
I just touching I'll get used to it
throughout the day but right now I'm
like make it let me takes a while so by
the time like they sort of their
finishing I'm more relaxed and she was
like hey look at you you're doing way
better than you were and I was like look
at my hands and we looked at my hands
and I was literally just like gripping
onto my hands as high as I could but I
didn't notice it was weird anyway so
that's my story about touch you mean
please don't touch me I don't yeah all
right so the dress I was wearing was
like goes like all the way across my
shoulder so you can see my shoulders
which was dumb of me because the Sun is
so hot over there anyway basically I was
in the Sun of like 10 minutes and I got
sunburned but I'm really pale here 10
ish here and 10 here just had this white
like yeah that's embarrassing right in
between that takes and stuff
there was a girl who'd run over and like
cover me in a towel and then as soon as
though like right we're ready she'd run
away again with the towel it's kind of
embarrassing because everyone out there
like we're in like bikinis and stuff
like that and um we're in the Sun for
like two hours and then there's me like
every 10 minutes so like Jamie drummer
the shade - getting rid o ye and then
there was this really hot guy who um
anyway he what he was handing me like a
coke bottle I'm not really a smiling
person and the director I was like Jamie
can you just look a little bit Mark's
fighting he just look a bit like grumpy
and all flex-cuf I'm turning into a
tomato but okay and then he said to the
hot guy he was like say something to
make a laugh anyway so he like picked up
the cocaine and like handed it to me and
he was like there you go beautiful and I
took me back surprised and I laughed and
the direction I was like well done Jamie
smile and I was thinking yeah I did yeah
it is a bit boy called me beautiful so
there was a poem most of the time I set
sort of at the top so they're filming a
scene at the moment but I think I'm
supposed to be in it but
no one's no one throw me on so I'm just
sitting by the ball see my pale white
legs then these two boys just started
swimming swimming towards me and then
they started fighting over me and I was
like boys boys boys boys boys calm down
there's enough to go around
no I didn't I don't know I never
fighting but I pretended it was over me
so let me have it and then oh there was
this guy Alan there so I met Alan once
before can we just get a raise of hands
who wants to see me shirtless can we
just settle down everyone
he's so funny like he's one of the
funniest people I've ever met every time
I saw him he was doing something funny
or just something like random and then
there was this one point where he was
just standing being still so I was like
I'm gonna film him because I feel like
there's something coming South
Birmingham and I was filming him and he
was just standing there and I was like
why it's gonna come he's gonna do
something and then yeah and then he
didn't do anything he was just standing
there and even that was funny it was
quite good boss so so this is gonna seem
really like Brandon and Eddie and
whatever but like I actually thought
this is pretty cool come on sit
obviously they had the UM the new
hands out that the people aren't allowed
to see yet but I stole I saw one of the
logo so they had like the paper strips
that they ran around the bottles there
and I took one stealing is wrong
kids don't steal but like steal it if
it's cool you know so I took it yeah I
thought this is super sick so basically
coke coming out about this prize where
you can win like a helicopter ride and
trips and all this like super cool stuff
when you're obviously buy a coke bottle
and follow the instructions and all that
but I thought this was really really
cool so basically you buy a coke bottle
right and then has a little tab at the
back can you rip it off carefully don't
dinner dad basically we're in Spain like
all summer and then you go to like
certain places you can get like 20% off
for prizes and there's all these cool
things just by wearing this bin I don't
know I just thought that was super cool
I'm not
just saying that because I'm like hey
guys go buy coke because it's super cool
and they're paying me to like like do
this but like this is cool I guess is
actually cool I wish I had thought of
this yeah I was just a super cool day so
that's what I did I miss being in front
of the camera with like you've been
given directions and things like that
it's really fun I have a couple lines
and the thing that's coming out so
that's super cool it was just fun it was
cool anyway so I'm gonna go because it's
boiling hot but literally I could not
believe it in the video I just like to
clap and get it over and done with so
turns dope the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide just I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds I get changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do caustic whip up
a Samba we need to screw logic let's get
crazy
here's the new normal of the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cus I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replate be an idiot wrap in a
crew to the stream in like red means
you're freaking in no mistake
