ah ha ha
so I did miss logic again I'm sorry I
just I get busy it's difficult because I
have school five times a week and then
sometimes if I'm like busy on the way
key in this and then after school uh and
then like trying to come up with good
content ah I get my videos like the
content is like oh so I'm just like oh
and then we're all like
let's just mom and just go with it
mm-hmm so for this week's video I have
actually kind of slightly planned it and
I've had like a little list here
I've sing around it is like please tell
me I'm not the only one that like does
these things
the first thing I have on the list is I
spend a lot of time in my room and I go
outside of that door oh and then I'm
walking around my parents go oh you're
alive
oh she can't make a room or oh yeah you
know you probably yet mmm that makes me
just want to stay in my room forever
Andy Rooney Rooney but if you're gonna
be sarcastic and rude I'm gonna go in my
room the only person who can be
sarcastic and reverse houses me okay
good especially on a weekend I eat a
bunch of unhealthy food like I'll have
like cereal but I'll pile sugar on it
I'll have a subway but I'll get like
triple bacon on it so it's just like a
heart attack in the sandwich I'll just
have anything unhealthy and get my hands
on and then after all of that
I'll just have like an apple and I'll
think that I ate healthy that day
because I finished it all off with an
apple genius I do this one a lot and I
was doing it just before I knew I by
yourself and you do something like so
weird that you even like weird
yourselves so you walk past a mirror and
you just kind of like I don't want to
scare you guys so I'm not gonna do any
faces but you pull the face and you're
like wow mmm you are a weirdo and you
need serious help but so just please
tell me I'm not the only one that does
that yeah hello adults just a show
because you have used you know how to
use technology no no not really
mom breaks the computer all the time and
she's like Jamie can help me fix the
computer and I'm like at my laptop
breaks I just turn it off and I turn it
on and if it's working after that then
brilliant I just not had it tight real
quick and go on Facebook and Twitter and
Tumblr and reblog like a billion things
at once put that on your resume the next
one is when you're at someone's house
here at your house and you tell your
friend oh you should watch this movie
and so you watch this movie together
but you've already seen if you end up to
cygnus staring at them making sure
they're enjoying what they are viewing
in front of their eyes
and reassuring them that the movie gets
better it gets funnier keep paying
attention and it makes me nervous
because like are they going to judge me
because I picked a crappy movie but I
thought it was good are they gonna
unfriend me on Facebook because they
think I have no concept of a good movie
are they going to block me on snapchat
because they think I don't know how - am
I the only person in the world who
doesn't know how to play chess you can
you can go on the black squares and the
white squares I thought you just had to
choose one square but apparently not
apparently the horse can do this one and
then the tall pointy one with the cross
on his head he can triple backflip how
do you learn how to play a game like
that will you come across to play a game
like Judas all of a sudden say hey I
wanna play chess and you just learn how
to play or is there like a class that I
missed at school where they will put
them how to play chess I've never had a
chessboard at my house I've never come
across the game I've seen it in Harry
Potter
apparently chess is not like that last
one is asking for someone's snapchat
mortifies me especially if you don't
know the person that well and you're
like hey can I get you on snapchat and
like it's like mmm because it's
different than texting you're actually
sending a photo of your face maybe they
don't want to see all that so then I
want to snapchat you because they think
you ugly they think you're not pretty
they think that you are not a good
person and every time they see your face
they want to throw up so maybe they
don't want to snapchat you I am not sure
what it was but whatever oh oh my gosh
when they open the snapchat and don't
reply it's like am I not good enough was
that not funny because I thought it was
pretty funny
or like it's a video and like maybe they
don't want to do the whole video thing
maybe they just want to do the photo
thing well when someone says you
I use what to say the video back is it
offensive if you don't see the video
back or what I'm so sad you and
it's just a like a blank screen does
that mean they're not interested does
that mean then I want to snapchat so do
I not reply and I hadn't wing you is my
friendship annoying you please tell me
if it is because I will walk out of your
life right now
never snapchat you again I'll never
tweet you Instagram you never nothing
John why manna actually that's another
thing talking when you're talking to
someone and you think you're annoying
them anything oh my god they hate me or
well they don't like me but they're
probably thinking the same thing but I
don't know I get real paranoid about it
some of my friends I'm like oh my god
they don't like me anymore oh my girl
right oh my god I'm on going ten yeah oh
it is oh my brain drives me insane
overthinking is the worst thing you can
do I felt like I talked really fast in
this video I kind of sound flustered and
that's because I don't know I was just
in a flustered moon that was so that's
this week's video for you I hope it was
good I hope I didn't just ramble
probably did but oh good let me know in
the comments down there if you do any of
those things cuz if you do thank gosh
that's a really yeah uh-huh
mm-hmm can you see me probably turns off
the wrong side of the bed is the right
side get her the bed on the left and I
smile wide kissing
this big is the best of both worlds I
can change my wig get it time to show
what we each do caustic whoever Samba we
need to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal of the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay be an idiot rap in a crew
for streaming like rabbit meat you're
breaking in or mistaken like it's
another diva
