you're going to judge me for being in my
pajamas which are for you earn your
pajamas - so hey what's up how you doing
ha hmmm hmmm good that's good
did miss last week's video and I'm very
sorry about that but last week it was my
18th birthday I celebrated it by playing
a round of golf here's some snippets if
you want to see them look at me I gave
this up for something and then I went
out that night and and then Sunday
morning I was I'll leave it at that so
so this week's video because I'm 18 I
thought I'd get my sister to go through
our old photo albums and look through
them for some ugly photos of me I don't
know about you guys but I had this
really really awkward stage 2009 was
probably my worst year and I bet you
most of the photo she's got enough for
2009 so I'm gonna go through them all 18
of them Joe ah let's do that mm-hmm okay
I remember this outfit and I really give
you this photo taken and I remembered I
look super cool my mother let me walk
around in there oh yeah uh-huh
you know this not that bad Who am I
kidding oh my god what's going on with
my little friend yeah
this was at my it must been 13th
birthday party 2009 the almost--it's
chick oh my friends are stretching over
bull dresses and it's driving me insane
you're watching this friends to sing
over ball dresses stop it okay back to
me basically I got this haircut um and I
modeled it off demi lovato from Camp
Rock uh-huh
mmm and now it obviously okay
the this next one is from 2009 number
necklace I just look at my team look at
them I'll do a close-up on my teeth and
dan dan dan how frightening is that I'm
not even sure I want to put this on the
Internet thank you giving us were
sickening were yes Wow a might even a
life of God probably wondering why I'm
dressed like a man it was my first girl
boy party and it was dress-up it was
Alice in Wonderland and I decided to go
Trish's man okay
when was this being a gangster well this
pod was printed on the front page of the
local newspaper dress like a boy again I
don't understand what was going on with
my here is like going to the hey drew so
I was like hey can you hack my hair off
Thanks I remember buying that and
thinking that was too dressed up I've
tied my hair back but for some reason
I'd like to lift the front part and then
tucked it behind my ears my question is
do I even have eyes now I do it survive
um yep that's just next photo hmm
I didn't have a lot of friends at
intermediate and I always wonder why I'm
a cool girl but uh that explains why I
am highly embarrassed but you know what
now you know that this isn't that bad
compared to what it was before this is
actually an improvement
so that's a video I'm gonna leave you
with a court except my sister likes to
say and it is shut up Jamie
you're annoying so turns out the wrong
side of the bed is the right side get
her the bed on the left and I smile wide
cuz I know I'm gonna make this big is
the best of both worlds I can change my
wig get it time to show what we each do
caustic reverb a Samba we need to screw
logic let's get crazy where's the new
normal like the world is Jamie's you
can't blame me cuz I can't be lame I'm
just trying to have fun keeping it on
replay be an idiot rap in a crew to
streaming like rabid your little
freaking in almost dating like it's
nothing people
