okay we'll just go that high um welcome
to this week's video if you wondering
why I look like um I'm I don't know
whatever this wonder with us look what's
this look homeless it's tragic
okay we'll go try check this because I
am going to a school ball tonight I have
just got out of the shower I haven't
done anything with my here some of you
call it a ball some of you call it a
prom basically the same thing right
basically last year's video got like 2.1
million viewers which is insane you
later Here I am still looking tragic
hopefully I won't cry this time said it
yes or lose this it's stopped it's quite
yellow I don't want to be orange
laughing are you having orange because
I'm so oh yeah
you you didn't actually like quite dark
I just cause I'm tired drugs not hugs
makes like an ya boo you work yeah let
me to LA and then I stopped going
outside it's really their face just
confuses me confuses a lot of people I
think people take screenshots from my
last ball video and they can pair it
with a shark I don't know if I can still
do the shot but this is just not really
like going to plan B shares the sign
again yeah are we hit to start again I
really appreciate you doing my makeup oh
yeah sure I have really sensitive eyes
and they watering Maria we know ah ah ah
you're brushing minutes coming up time
you can go just put the brush in there
and it nursing is the worst put these on
no we've gotta see now that ha oh it's
cold
No ah the dress oh that's the wrong hand
help we need a kind of my room I'm
having a heart attack
I'm just shut up sit down ah beautiful I
need to go to the gym did you say the
other day that you Jenna thing if I was
gonna get interests of it somewhere hey
same number one fan what you say that a
video yeah I wish that to me what's in
it I feel like it looks better like with
a bit of curl in it though if you want
to just like me seeing it I might
annulus right could you just no blow on
them not breathe if she shoves lollies
in her mouth
is fine I get me put it down food down
close II can you go damn I got a friend
right get my extra diffraction now I'm
on my way to the balls videos
on the ball and now we're going out
rinsable stuff
