so that's what happened sir
it has been three weeks since I've done
a video and I am really sorry I've just
been a little bit busy doing things then
I can't tell you about yet soon you'll
know why I was so busy and why I missed
out on three weeks of videoing that one
time probably will happen again but
let's just hope that it's just this one
time I've already found next week's
video I have a GoPro now hold on just
give me a stick and I'll go get cuz you
yep took this in the car with me
I bought a little suction thing that
clicks onto your car it would cost me
like 50 bucks for just a piece of ply
stay so I filmed myself in the car
driving super safely as always if you
want to see it video give this video a
thumbs up I'm gonna show you anyway but
um just give it a thumbs up so what has
happened over these three weeks um well
I gave you guys my tumblr I just want to
clear this all up with you people
remember giving me a hard time on tumblr
because I posted these two photos on
Instagram and they see it if you're
trying to get rid of a squeaky-clean
image posting driving photos of yourself
is not a good start or good I don't know
whatever they said and I was like first
of all who said I was trying to get rid
of my squeaky-clean image
second of all they just assumed that I
was completely drunk wasted off my face
in the photo which I wasn't so people
were like Jamie you're changing you're
not a good role model anymore turning
into Miley Cyrus so basically what I
have to say to all of that is second
thing that's happened um nothing but I
had been busy last week I was in
Auckland the way before that I was in
Wellington a week before that of back in
Auckland and so like my weekends had
been like taken up with doing this
secret things I did where's Ben away um
someplace and he got me this selfie
contraption like some honey here and
we're filming I
I'm filming myself off this little pole
right now how cool is it stop it or
later doors hey you lookin damn fine you
know I just so now people constantly
take selfies like how do you do it
okay I think we've got enough I think I
might take some more later and also as
far as my facebook videos go I'm still
posting on the I was going to be at like
4:00 in the morning like on a school day
I just kind of I needed a break as I
said going to be like for the morning
I've got a text
hold on Oh Claudia are you at the Muni
what what does that mean I'm all sorted
out and refreshed and don't quite look
like a zombie anymore and I'm healthy
kinda I just had a cookie but um so that
so this matter today I enjoyed it and I
will say see the camera turns out the
wrong side of the bed is the right side
get her the bed on the left and I smile
wide cuz I know I'm gonna make this big
is the best of both worlds I get changed
my wig get it time to show what we each
do caustic whip up a Samba we need to
screw logic let's get crazy where's the
new normal like the world is Jamie's you
can't blame me cuz I can't be lame I'm
just trying to have fun keep it at a
replay be an idiot
I'm in a cruiser screaming like a crab
it means you're breaking into Mustang
like it's nothing
