just kidding I like it so it's 2 a.m.
why am i filming a video at 2 a.m.
here's the story this week's video was
going to be me showing you guys how to
make chocolate chip cookie that was
going fabulous and then I like to look
at my camera and I had it press record I
did the whole thing without pressing
record so that was a punch in the face
so it's 2 a.m. and I thought you know
what let's make a video at 2 a.m. stop
it let's defeat the system so I'm just
breaking all the rules
defying the line that I'm supposed to
follow and I'm going a different line my
sister's room is right next door but
she's away I had a concert my 15 year
old sister has more of a life than I do
so I'm not waking anyone up my parents
down the other end really craving
cookies now got them I just think things
taste better when you eat them at the
times you're not support them I'm not
sure what time just Rosie cookies err
but probably not - I am
I have cereal in the morning and am i oh
ok cereal then I have it at like
midnight and I'm like oh my god cereal
do you like my lighting as well I'm not
sure this is a a safety hazard or not
but anyway I am wearing a Catching Fire
t-shirt uh-huh I shown you watch
Catching Fire for the first time like
three hours ago I don't like going to
the movies I don't like going out with
his other people so I just wait for it
to come out on DVD and I watch it at
home alone by myself alone speaking of
movies that took me ages to watch i
watch frozen like three days ago
Edie blew my mind I thought it was gonna
be another one of those like overrated
Disney films but it was the girl was
like home ABEO and then she was like but
I am and the guy was like oh and then
the girl was like aha and the guy was
like whoa
I was like I did the girl was like girl
no and the other girl was like girl yeah
and then the other girl was like oh the
other girl was like whoops and then the
other guy was like oh and that was my
summarization of frozen I just thought I
was going to be a good idea for me to am
but it turns out it's not I just want to
go to bed and playing - anything at all
so I'm just kind of talking and I don't
know what to talk about actually a lot
of my friends think it's weird that I'm
up at like 2:00 a.m. because they go to
bed at like 7 o'clock they're like old
people
I have dinner at 4:00 and they're in bed
by 5:00 so if you could comment below
what your bedtimes are that would be
great
any confirmation that I'm somewhat
normal would be a thumbs up in my
opinion there's not actually a lot to do
it to him mostly I'll go on Twitter even
when I'm not tweeting I'm omnia and I
see you're tweeting me also be on tumblr
I recently just gave you guys my tumblr
I haven't shared it like ever and so I
was like you know what just let them
have it you keep asking for it so I gave
it to you so if you want to follow me on
tumblr the links and stuff and their
thing um music I listen to music
this is just winter time
oh I've you heard it Sharon's new song
don't know you're gonna be away their
hearts cologne just prop very sexy
after everything I've talked about this
is the end of the video it's really like
I'm just gonna clap and that you guys
can collapse Oh turns off the wrong side
of the bed is the right side get her the
bed on the left and I smile wide cuz I
know I'm gonna make this big as the best
of both worlds like I changed my wig get
it time to show what we each do caustic
reverb Istanbul we need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
of the world is Jamie's you can't blame
me cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying
to have fun keep it at a replay be an
idiot rap in a cruelest ruin like crab
meat you're breaking in almost akin like
it's nothing
