I got ya long pause hi and then in
brackets while smiling so as the title
says I have been lying to nine million
of you lovely people I am a bad person
but today I am going to make it right I
got a good join us with a song for that
one I just like Joe Jonas I am going to
make it right
it's notching Judge Judy but during one
of my classes I got a little bored and
decided to make a list of all the lies
I've told you because who needs an
education when you can waste your time
making videos to go on the Internet
that's a good research to tell the
children now if you don't want to ruin
the whole cool image of me then I
suggest you don't continue watching
because everybody knows how cool I am I
kind of in said about this trophy so
that being said I'm gonna get on with my
last step oh it's the Lycos why number
one I can't actually drive legally I can
drive on alona's which means I have to
have a fully licensed driver in the
passenger seat but other than that no
driving for me I made this video about
me driving to school on the first day as
a senior and it made it look like I
could drive myself but I can't fly
number two this video of my sister
supposably punching me in the face was
fake
kinda she did actually punch me in the
face I plan to make the video fake and
she was supposed to miss me and I was
pretending to get hit but her being
super uncoordinated she actually hit me
in the face and my nose bleed didn't you
Taylor
she's very proud the ending of the video
where I'm like in pain on the floor you
probably see this idiot that was filmed
before I got punched in the face so
they're half as fake but the first half
is real kind of its kind
a lie but kind of not but I guess
getting punched in the face serves me
right for trying to lie my number three
I made a video of me trying to attempt
to do whatever that is and it made it
look like I felt I did fall but I fell
on purpose I actually felt like 30 times
until it looked like I fell accidentally
it did really hurt like a lot really a
lot and my mom was sitting in the lounge
the whole time just watching me never
once asked me if I was okay nope then I
made out that I was crying at the end I
wasn't line number 4 now this is going
to shock some of you um and I don't
really know how to say it but I'm just
going to go ahead and set um this isn't
my real mom
I know it's as hard to accept but um you
know I've come to terms the fact that
it's not my real mom so I just hope you
can - why not my this video here where I
sneeze my braces off I didn't actually
sneeze my braces off I I told you that I
sneeze them off but but I didn't it
would have been cool if I had sneeze
them off but um lie number see
now this one and all seriousness is kind
of a big one and I'm actually really
nervous to tell you but I have to tell
you because it's been going on for too
long I'm not actually obsessed with
Channing Tatum in my last video I told
you my celebrity crush and it was Kellan
Lutz and Zac Efron and it almost like
what about Channing
Channing's not my celebrity crush way
back when I first started my Facebook
page I posted a photo of Channing Tatum
and then from then I never understood I
was obsessed with him when really I only
posted that photo for my friend I never
had the heart to tell people that I
wasn't obsessed with him and then it
kind of just built up into this one big
lie and then I didn't know how to get
out of it and then I felt really bad and
so I just kind of went with it and now
it's just all coming down and it's
watching me and I'm really sorry
everywhere I go people goes how
streaming and I just have to go
good thank you and like people like make
edits of me and him together and then I
feel bad because like they wasted their
time making that and I liked that movie
Monte Carlo when they think Selena Gomez
is actually the princess cuz they look
exactly the same but she's not really
and then she kind of just gets more and
more in the lies and she doesn't know
how to get out of it and then she gets
real upset about it and then eventually
she has to come clean but they need
bronze okay about it so I hope you guys
are going to be okay about it like I
like Channing I would happily
easily watch a movie and watch his face
all day every day but you know just not
super obsessed just smile and maybe they
won't hurt you and that comes to the end
of the video we learn today that you
should never lie because you get caught
up into it and then you cry sometimes at
night because you're so worried that
people gonna hate you when you tell the
truth but you know um I've told you the
truth and now hopefully you forgive me
if you ever told a lie and it just kind
of spiraled out of control let me know
in the comments cuz I'd love to read
your lies to make myself feel better
about myself also if you're not in this
box like in this video and if it gets 1
million likes I will show you
yeah so I'm really sorry for lying the
witchcraft dinner sometime turns out the
wrong side of the bed is the right side
get her the bed on the left and I smile
wide cuz I know I'm gonna make this big
it's the best of both worlds I can
changed my wig get it time to show what
we each do caustic whip up a Samba we
need to screw logic let's get crazy
here's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame a kiss I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun
keeping it on replay be an idiot rap in
a crew to streaming like rabbit meat
you're sitting freakin in almost and
like it's nothing people
you
