hi and welcome to this week's video last
night on Twitter I toured it up for you
guys to ask me questions and I will be
answering them in a video so this is
that video that I'll be answering those
questions thank you to everyone who
submitted that question I picked up some
and I'm gonna answer them mmm let's go
what do you do when you're home alone
I sing real good if you could visit
anywhere in the world where would you go
and why I don't know because of me right
she went to that place so I don't know
if it's good or bad or not so maybe I
just travel everywhere and then I'll
tell you my decision
uh-huh Thanks off what do you want to
use emojis this one and this one
why did you create ripped in a famous
book I don't know it's the first thing
that came to my head but I wish I'd been
a little more creative
I miss planet tammy's universe dreamings
orb of coolness do you like Taylor Swift
what's the first thing you do when you
wake up in the morning tumblr Instagram
vine Twitter awesome YouTube stuff
everything on my phone as you okay as
you good because I want to know if you
could be anyone for a date here would
you think I bet Kanye West and Kim
Kardashian's baby mm-hmm
you ever get a tattoo and or piercing I
have my ears pierced and I want to get
into more piercings but I'd probably get
a 10 oh I don't know what maybe a
butterfly like right here hey you want
to see a butterfly wouldn't it be
exciting
oh you want my last name's Carrie ha ha
ha ha ha ha ah no who's your celebrity
crush
take your frontal Kellan Lutz can you
curl your tongue no you're like Cody
Simpson yeah he's a really cool guy I
tried to to the Skywalk with him with
basically you just have to walk around
this really tall building and I
chickened out and he looked really
disappointed in me
babe accent American accent what's your
favorite type music I don't know I like
a variety like jazz blues pop hip hop
Miley Cyrus I like anything what is your
favorite time of the day like one I am
because like that's when my brain is
like free what yeah if you're talking to
me at like toiya I'm gonna tell you
all of my secrets Oh taller one point
six eight meters what was your favorite
toy you played with as a child a
trampoline is that a toy I don't know
but I was on the trampoline a lot so the
trampoline if you could change one thing
of yourself what would it be my tongue
because I really wish I could curl my
tongue in bananas or apples describe
your dream guy look at that but the
thought that the dog with the Bernard
odd oh do you have obsessions yeah a log
name a color that doesn't exist who is
your girl crush how much do you finger
load with celebrities
I need professional help that's what I'm
gonna set what if I talk to Rebecca
Black is with me right now tell her
she's invited to my birthday party
is Cameron real who's just Cameron Ebron
keys talking about favorite movie of all
time the Santa Claus I don't know I just
really love that movie Christmas movies
just really make me happy if you could
eat one thing for the rest of your life
over the base cereal what's the way to
sing in your bathroom I don't know why
that was in there but this is probably
the weirdest thing in my bathroom
describe your life with one song
boyfriend you could create your own
perfect word but with your prep it won't
be like everyone was nice to each other
and in broome was really happy and we
just had a really nice world
yeah what does ice taste like like you
know what what it tastes like well it
tastes like that but frozen what did you
last eat my sister just made a brownie
so I just had some brownie what did you
eat for breakfast cornflakes and brownie
how do you flirt hey how you doing sorry
you can't get through why don't you
leave your name and your number and I'll
get back to you
it's your favorite Johnson I don't know
but whenever song comes on I seem too
far myself gone with this are you I'm
great all the time favorite childhood
memory this one time I went fishing in a
court of fish and I just felt really
good about myself what do you keep in
there box in your room mean this box why
is all your furniture white jumpers no
silver paper clips or color paper clips
color paper clips cuz everybody needs
some color in their life
says the one with the white furniture
where do you want to be in 10 years 27
how does it go to be the only world
famous person in New Zealand
show us the fish nice thick on your
camera wrong first last what is the 26th
photo on your camera roll I can explain
and that comes to the end of the video
my camera Bader is gonna die so let's
speed this alone thank you dear I'm not
putting their questions as if I miss you
this time I'll probably have another
video so don't forget to look out for me
on Twitter bye yep turns out the wrong
side of the bed is the right side get
other bed on the left and I smile wide
cuz I know I'm gonna make this big
both worlds I could change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
whoever somber we need to screw logic
legend crazy where's the new normal I
can world is Jamie's you can't blame me
cuz I can't be lame I'm just trying to
have fun keep it at a replay be an idiot
wrap in a cruller screaming like a
scribe every Jew little freaking into
mistake like it's another people
