I'm just always hungry hi everybody how
you doing how's your day being mine's
been good thank you just got back from
school as you can see by my attire for
today's video um I thought about maybe
doing a room tour I always see a lot of
comments or people saying like you need
a room to above a blast so I'm going to
do a room tour I'm not sure how
interesting my room is but I guess we
will find out so because my handy-dandy
sister is doing homework I'm gonna be
behind the camera most of the time so
beer with
this is like my little editing thingy
area that has all this computer stuff
that I don't know how to use really I
look like a homeless person let's just
not even deny that we have a look what's
inside the drawer this is all like that
face painting stuff and this is perfume
and moisturizer and brushes for the face
painting stuff and a chapstick because
everybody needs a chapstick I believe
that is my here's straightening
mechanism this is a bedside table that's
what we call it a New Zealand anyway
sometimes you guys have funny names for
things and I just accept that and move
on but this is a bedside table there's
nothing much exciting and here this is
me smiling just before I'm about to die
because you know you've always got a
smile especially when you're about to
die this is my lamp I put it together
myself I know hold your applause and
basically what that does is it lights up
my life it is literally the light in my
life now this is just what I was sitting
on to spin each year because everybody
needs a spinny chair in their life this
is where the magic happens and by that I
mean I sleep and go on tumblr and things
like that I'm moving around to the other
side of my bed is my wardrobe those are
my clothes is shoes I kind of feel like
I'm describing like the most obvious
objects and this right here is hat I
just bought this actually see the price
text on eye makes you really proud of
this hat for no apparent reason
closing the Wardrobe and moving on to
this shelf looking thing starting from
the bottom we have two picture frames
that I been meaning to get pictures for
and some photo albums this photo album
is actually my grandmother's and she
collected a bunch of stuff when I was
little there's me and all cute moving up
one we have a radio that was my
grandfather's and I kidnapped it and I
put it in my room thing up we have this
box which my auntie movie and inside it
coins in a butterfly interesting oh no
I'm gonna have to clean it up thank you
very much Internet thank you very much
baby here from when I first got my hair
cut my first haircut was actually in a
bar which is very classy and I'm very
thankful for my father getting the bar
lady cut my hair thank you Dad
appreciate that one this is a money box
but mom doesn't let me put money in it
because it might ruin it then this
little elephant my sister bought me
because I bought her lunch one time so
she bought me an elephant in return
thanks Taylor on the top level we have a
candle a J and then these two candles
yeah so that's what the hold the phone
what the frick frick is this I've never
seen this little war I'm legit being
serious I've never seen this before what
is going on newspaper clipping it an
exhausted Jamie Carrie and Samantha fell
clocking at the first and second and the
year five girls of me I won my
cross-country but look how red I am Oh
get well soon
smile tick sad face cross Jamie you just
need to sweat it out anyway I've had
enough of all of that it's just
embarrassing this is a cheer
uh-huh and this is the bag that I
actually bought the school but I didn't
want to ruin it so I just leave it
sitting on my chair because that's the
kind of person I am moving on to the
last part of my room is this area I
don't know what to call it but this area
moving down onto the shelf I have
another one of my grandfather's old
radios moving down even further we have
this camera in on the last shelf I have
this box um there is something in it but
um I prefer to keep that secret but
nonetheless there's the box and that
concludes my room tour I hope you
enjoyed going into all my personal
belongings because I did maybe next time
I'll do a tour of the whole house maybe
not maybe on on a side note my website
jamiesonk on where you can buy like
t-shirts and things it does ship
worldwide I've had a lot of people
saying dude does a ship here does a ship
yes it does it ships worldwide all
around the world to all the beautiful
people so that's really all I needed to
say on that issue other than that enjoy
the rest of your day or night these time
zones are so confusing I always get
really awkward to think of my videos
because I never know how to finish it up
but I will get better I promise
and that's so from me cue the music
turns out the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big as the best of both
worlds like I changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do Kosta Koufos
probably need to screw logic question
crazy where's the new normal accent
world is Jamie's you can't blame me cuz
I can't be lame I'm just trying to have
fun keep it in a replay be an idiot rap
in a crew to the streaming like it's
rabbit meat you're breaking into my
station like it's nothing
