hahaha hello hello hello hello hi I just
got home from school hence the
debriefing yes my video is like what
three days late four days late
that is because let me just grab my
handy-dandy not so handy tripod that
broke so I went to bought a new tripod
today which is standing on that is what
a road tripod looks like okay
you my friend are disguised but it
wasn't just about me complaining and
teaching my tripod a listen it is about
me telling you this new thing unless you
follow me on Twitter then it's kind of
old news but new thing and that new
thing is this t-shirt so I just thought
to make a video telling you guys that uh
you know you can you can get these
t-shirts and those are all the same it's
no use actually instead of for showing
you them I should do a little bit of a
dance and then like a model that I am
I'm going to get out of these clothes
and get into sweatpants ah now the Sun
is actually sitting so by the time I'm
dressed I'll probably at the curtains
drawn the light on so that's how life
works really sunsets but you know you
turn on the light anyway before you get
bored let's get into it and I forgot to
mention before I get into these bad boys
and the music it's going to chop up like
it's going to be a little sets of music
because if I play music for too long I'm
going to get a copyright strike and
already head to an apparently forget a
third one YouTube will take my channel
down or something so we don't want that
so beer with
you see me
yay
Oh
yeah
this is my tan
day
look at that belly
so that's basically it I had to stop
because I started coughing my sister's
been sick for about the past week and I
think I'm coming down with it so I'd be
a stop before I have a heart attack this
is a means large or maybe medium I think
so that's why it's so big I fit em in
small which was some of the ones you saw
they also come in like the woman's foot
and I prefer the men's shirts I don't
know why but personal preference I guess
women's sizing will just be like normal
women sizing so whatever that is if you
if you won't want to be shirts you can
go to Jamie's 4.com I'll put the link in
the little box thingy you will be giving
you sure to monitor where these ones
that I just totally ruined but you will
get new ones unless you want to wear
this one I was gonna say see you next
week but I'll see you in a couple of
days sorry I was like this way anyway
bye turns off the wrong side of the bed
is the right side get her the bed or the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big it's the best of
both worlds I can change my wig get it
time to show what we each do caustic
reverb Istanbul the need to screw logic
let's get crazy where's the new normal
of the world is Jamie's you can't blame
me cause I can't be lame I'm just trying
to have fun keeping it a replay be an
idiot wrap in a cruller screaming like a
rabbit meet your little freakin in
almost eight like it
