I can't get rid of this cloth well hi
guys
sorry hi anyway so I'm last weekend we
went to and we went to Rome a last
weekend and it was super cool and
basically we filmed a lot of it and also
I'll just mention why we're here I'm the
flight seem to travel experts over at
flights into we're really helpful with
this entire trip getting me off sorted
and giving it and just making it really
easy for us cuz I'm useless she's she
can't read you were telling me also you
can do it all online which i think is
super cool mmm swish you feel like young
people to be able to all online i'll put
their links down below because honestly
it was super easy for me so yeah go
cheating him out the first day we got
there we went for well I wasn't very
well know I thought when are you well I
know okay so I'm a bit of a wimp and I
get sick or something's always wrong
with me my wrist is a lot better today
though think what was your back is fine
every what else happened my toe yo-yo
you turn this car I had a dream I went
blind but I certainly we were walking
through this park and there were people
playing like Pascal and stuff that was
really cool and the Sun was like really
cool it was like shining through the
middle like if this is a tree and then
yeah you have very thick branches I have
trouble fingers are cane and we look
into the Colosseum and then we saw this
this lion
kitty
so we were at the Coliseum waiting and
it was super cool actually was Big Ben
again it was pretty impressive it was
pretty good oh and then there was that
man blowing his whistle
who's gonna whistle he just didn't the
routing as well yeah yeah but for like
no reason why here just turn around and
then he was like go on coming to -
coming in hot - Tim - Tim - to a farmers
you didn't count votes from me yet so I
don't know he's doing in Rome I don't
know if it was freaky we were quite
nervous we won't pass it one way and
then we had to come back pass of the
game and I don't like things and masks
and then I was all you better put some
money in it so she was very brave big
girl but I was expecting him to do
something you know that's why I was so
nervous because I think he was gonna
like you yeah but he didn't yeah
and we went to got some food and we
didn't really know where to go but we
found this place called in the base
yeah but we're probably saying it really
wrong it's probably nice alibis yeah the
bees but probably not I'm probably just
anyway so we got I got spaghetti and you
got pizza yeah you got - spaghetti so I
don't want pizza okay no I got one
speedy hold on playing around the people
really cool and it was this guy getting
married so we're gonna talk to them for
like a little while and then the weight
should receive a call so they were like
fun to come back and one of them
recognized me yeah so we would talk to
her for a while place is really cool
like there was a shark on the water was
like Elvis and stuff and then we ended
up being here for about four hours and
then we were like oh dude she's got
hungry again anyway so I go under again
and ordered another speedball nice which
we shared right so rare
like we have another or I'm not gonna
pretend that they haven't been sitting
here for four hours and this is Houston
because it was really good yeah but that
was a be honest no yeah but you cut and
cheese you covered your side and cheese
so you definitely ate half of it anyways
so the next day we got a car and we were
like oh do a drive around say Bella lick
so anyway it's walking down the alley
I was being followed and then I turn the
corner and I see this be useful building
and it was like it was really cool I
just didn't look around and I was so
bright it did it are you are you right
like the fountain was super like not a
fountain it was like um what do you call
it a um pond water yeah the water also
is really like is this a fountain yeah
what is it I do know you
it is a fountain that explains the water
it was very surreal that to stand in
front of because it didn't seem and it
was like massive it was just so cool and
then so then so then after driving
around and seeing fountains and things
we went for another little walk around
this was my favorite part as well we
went to Palazzo Doria PEM food you
oh great that's really focused look at
that and then it was super cool though
the building was like really pretty it
was basically this room no it's this no
it was a building with all these little
rooms and snot little dough big rooms
with big rooms in it looked like the
what the rows in the walls were really
cool and I had all these paintings and
they gave us a little speaker thing
a pretty number of what was on their
sign and it said what number to press so
you press 2 if it's a 2 you press 4 if
it was sent free so that was super cool
I thought I got a sore neck from walking
around looking up so much because the
Rose would look like I can easily coulis
Beth yeah they were pretty incredible
actually and then we continued on
walking and we she found this place by
accident but there was these there were
horses on top of the book like your
building was massive
it doesn't look massive but didn't like
you when you really look at it it's huge
and then just the detailing of it is
incredible like the lone horses the big
horses oh and we saw a horse actually
walking past and I feel bad sometimes
for the horses because I'm only carrying
a few around all day and I was like
always feel bad for the horses him to
stand around all day and she was like oh
you mean sorry we ran out of memory on
the card yeah she thought I mean the
horses I thought there were real horses
standing on top of a building and then
it was home time thank you so much for
watching the video guys right okay so
we're gonna go we're gonna try to the
clap and sing we can't do it Mary what
if we tried turns off the wrong side of
the bed is the right side get her the
bed on the left and I smile wide just I
know I'm gonna make this big as the best
of all
I changed my wig get it time to show
what we each do caustic above a Samba we
need to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame a kiss I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay be an idiot rap in a
cruelest ruin like breaking into mistake
