this is my sister Tyler do you have a
sibling you'd know that they are super
annoying so I thought it'd be an
interesting idea for us to make a video
listing our things that we find annoying
about each other
do you mind the Sun is so bright
we're vampires come on Tanner get out of
here first of all you think you're
British
like I say something and she wanted a
saying to be like you are you WA can we
go down to the dairy did he think she's
British I am British oh gee Joe we'll
paint the word but say it a bit
different let you be like can you pass
the water what other one for no reason
whatsoever you spend your whole entire
life in the bathroom no one else can get
in the bathroom in the morning
besides this angel I didn't see how
those are annoying yes it may watch me
do umm just did it she has a song for
everything I'll be like walking down the
street making my way down told you
you're so delayed I'll tell you
something be on your phone I'll be like
don't go down to the supermarket you're
below yeah I'll be the one to light fire
inside those eyes people on an airplane
can we pretend they're airplanes and the
magic head like summed up everything she
thinks she can bank just because she
loves me I can't
everyone goes I'll tell you you can bake
it's like no she has a recipe anyone can
read the recipe I made some cookies and
they were delightful
they were cardboard she just she thought
of she in the middle of the night it'll
be like 2 a.m. she'll get up did you
hear that and I'm like here why tonight
uh doesn't matter you used to put
moisturizer on the door handles yeah
yeah I put on all her door hangers like
I put on her hairbrush you pick it up
should just get moisturize it was
smushed on a hand so annoying it's just
hilarious
she thinks she's funny too funny for you
keep that as my license plate on my
Range Rover I just can't I bought my
favorite t-shirt the other week
I'll wait mama bought the priest version
of it what's the salvage it'll go with
my hair
I know what you hate on my obsessions
like I have weight like tiny little
obsessions for things or people she
hates on it I think I maybe saw
something big this is something good and
we all know what you're obsessed with
well I do she changes the lyrics of
songs can you wash their dishes now wash
it Skylab it was it's gonna hit worship
you come up with random names for people
will be sitting in the car or something
and every once in market and should be
like purple peers maybe our proper
prayer hey there Missy frog hey the
hunka hunka umbrella yeah she uses text
language in daily life situations lol
rofl she doesn't do it so much anymore I
be sitting in my room and she'd go down
the hallway where it was like echo and
should start meowing and I thought we
can't and then he was in like trouble
did I go around the corner and she died
yes hello
she's obsessed with the cat no one else
like that and there's just a couple
things that we find annoying about each
other I've gone three weeks now doing
videos weekly so let's see if we can
keep that up but it will go 1 2 3 1 2
turns off the wrong side of the bed is
the right side get her the bed on the
left and I smile wide cuz I know I'm
gonna make this big is the best of both
worlds I can changed my wig get it time
to show what we each do Kosta Columbus
Albany to screw logic let's get crazy
where's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay be an idiot wrap in a
crew to screaming like this rabbit meet
your little breaking into mistake like
it
