yes it's the middle of January and we
still have our Christmas tree up hey hi
hello how you doin I've been thinking
lately I am a terrible youtuber if you
even want to call it that I have 19
videos you guys have given me 700
thousand subscribers and I've given you
19 crappy videos and I feel dreadful
first of all my lighting I just shoved
my camera in front of a window and then
just expect you guys to put up with this
face I have a really crappy tripod like
sometimes I'll be in the middle of
filming and it will just collapse so
that's a thing I don't post videos
regularly I don't know how to use
YouTube I barely know how to log in
there's like two options when you log in
and then it's connected to your Google
and then post in the video sometimes it
takes like two hours like I don't have
two hours I'm pretty sure none of you
know what I'm saying half the time
this accent that you guys seem to think
I have ridiculous
half the comments on YouTube is like
what did she say here I can't understand
her accent what's wrong with her voice
is she Australian nope I'm from New
Zealand you follow me on Twitter you'd
know that I'm constantly tweeting like
new videos coming weekly and I've been
doing that for about eight months now
and I still haven't done weekly videos
we've got me oh it's all on me isn't it
I am going to start trying to make more
YouTube videos for you guys so that's
the plan for 2014 to try and do weekly
videos now it may not be every Monday it
may not be every Tuesday it will be any
day of the week but hopefully once a
week this whole video was a fail but
we're gonna post anyway because that's
what I do this
what a day they churn for 2014 and let's
see if we can post weekly and be less
crappy failed snip turns off the wrong
side of the bed as the race I get her
the bed over
I had kiss I know I'm gonna make this
big it's the best of both worlds I can
change my wig get it turn the show what
we each do caustic above a Samba we need
to screw logic let's get crazy
here's the new normal like the world is
Jamie's you can't blame me cuz I can't
be lame I'm just trying to have fun keep
it in a replay be an idiot rap in a crew
to the streaming like frickin almost ate
like
