hi guys was that thunder so I have a
little bit of a different kind of video
today so bear with so a little while ago
the babe plenty to the bird bird that
the Bay of Plenty Police Department came
to me and asked if I'd like to be a part
of the campaign for keeping teens safe
over the summer over the summer oh it's
gonna be one of those days isn't it
obviously if you live in like America or
the UK it is winter so just just go with
it
this video isn't here for me to preach
at you guys and tell you not to do
things and be good little children of
the universe and it is here for me to
remind you that as teenagers we kind of
think we're invincible but we're not we
can get hurt I think the hardest thing s
teenagers is to say no so say you're
going to a party and you told your mom
you're gonna drive there and you're
gonna drive back and you're not gonna
drink any alcohol because you have to
drive and then you're at the party and
people are like shoving drinks in your
face going I just said 1 1 1 don't be a
loser you're so uncool and obviously
were you saying yes you are gonna drive
home under the influence of alcohol
which is unsafe one for you and also
other people if you crash and injure
someone so just say no here's a little
skit to demonstrate I've got a drive
home so no no oh come on I'm just just
one oh no no thank you
don't be so uncool I'd rather be uncool
then I'm safe
that's good yes no that one and another
example of saying no is when the driver
of the car under the influence of
alcohol and they are you know Egon you
arms to get into the car
once again you're putting yourself in
danger by getting into the car with
someone under the influence of driving
alcohol I don't do anything so flustered
like why do people do it just don't do
it here's a little skit to demonstrate
hi Jamie come on we're gonna go for a
drive and be really unsafe now that's
right I think I'll just call my mom
she'll come pick me up come on don't be
uncool now I'd rather be uncool than
unsafe set yourself you're Gertie good
so just over the summer just keep
yourself safe please don't do something
that could put yourself at risk or
others at risk just for the sake of
being cool and yeah so that's the video
for today yeah I hope you guys took
something from it and you all have a
wonderful Christmas and New Year and
don't forget to be safe
