hi guys my name is Jamie and this is
James ow ha ha
so we're in this office and we're just
doing a video cuz I'm just in here in
Auckland chillin with today's video is a
completions video yeah so we're going to
give 5 completions each I don't know how
her conditions are and she doesn't know
what mine are so you're going to catch
our reactions so let's get into it
my first confession is that I kept a
kitchen yeah my first confession is that
the duvet on my beard is High School
Musical circle
semi efficient number one uh that I am
mermaid moving on my confession number
two is I'm actually like OCD like you're
having fun solutions I'm not about you
yeah yeah yeah I got great because no
more normal air people get into my car
they're like oh this is pretty messy but
what is but you're like I'm sitting back
go back hmm commission number two
because they I want 812 change occurs in
one day
do you want to hide in it but that's a
buck cries I would keep them in my
jacket throughout the day that's
disgusting
yep that is my official number three is
that I can't eat food if I'm touching it
with my hands are you serious no no oh I
can depends what kind of like daya pen
you sure yeah
it's really weird to my confession
number three for a very long I've called
my bellybutton a Tele button oh you
could call it belly by my tummy button
but I just was I was quite a leave on
because its tummy and belly mixed
together you've got some ways
Compassion's I rhythm I don't like
people I just don't like people
oh I don't like people touching my hair
when I first meet you you like stroked
my yeah touch that is a little worrying
it touch that nothing happy that I ruin
your career
what are you get it Oh condition number
four
can you talk loud please they can't mean
conviction number four I can speak to
fish I've been able to do I sense a
young child I had a pet fish like all
fur you've told me this once before
yeah I know but it's true cuz we were
walking by a fish tank and as I do you
think you can look first like just as a
joke which is that yeah
okay conviction um before um nuts on
fire
five I'm not gonna miss there we go yes
it's good do not that's okay you oh I
forgot to mention it this shirt I wore
my last video I don't know why sure
we're okay I'm not sure that I wore my
schedule a video dummy that no one
watches your video so don't my come on
confession number high five yeah I can
say like Shakira my man so a bit to a
gala so how did you get you need to do
it I didn't learn I am Shakira so that's
the video for today I hope you enjoyed
it and I hope you enjoyed our special
guest I know I didn't
ladies I'm a terrific me amazing Oh big
shout out to thanks a little straw into
an Napier my hometown and they gave me
this hair for Half Price
sounds like seborrhea in these things by
hahaha you may have seen me wearing one
of these I have to yes get off the stage
sure if you want to get one of these
I'll put a link in the description
it's like Jamie mcdow's t-shirts and she
drew on them with fish there's a facial
fishes for shish shish
I don't know you'll probably make fun of
my ex in any way sir
