hello hello and welcome to the show my
name is Jamie in today's video it was me
answering questions now a Twitter
hashtag asked Jamie's world and I got
pretty big respond so I tried to put out
the best ones I'm sorry if I miss your
question too happy with this video today
I have a very special guest accusing hi
hi
Holliday how you want me to buttons hi
did you come down lower please if you
were stranded on an island which three
items would you take food water in
Channing Tatum
that was a really boring answer without
their water you can go chanting no
Channing get wrong first-name basis now
yeah
can you don't be so formal what made you
want to start making videos by the way I
think they're amazing
haha it's easy you don't answer it then
I heard understood people I can't obey
Him you know video so I did a video my
life is so interesting can I eat you
June what snow can I eat you know how
did you react when you heard about the
zombie apocalypse
ah I was pretty calm so it's all be
something for real do you speak French
Bonjour Selena I'm from Australia my
question is could you place a fish and
chips in your next video
fish and chips they think we say like
lessons with them yeah we said it really
well
fish and chips now I'm pretty sure a
reasonable thing to like flip and chip
second shift fish and cheap yeah pushing
key second fish and chips your guys like
the K way you sound like animals animal
we talk normally we don't think we have
a Maxine you have an egg thief
you totally never have you ever been to
Australia we have Emily we had to Sydney
and go home I'm going to Melbourne
first one would you either come back
other to it
let me come come back you like it go to
Mel button nothing
what's your favorite song of Cody
Simpson
that's what I saw when men mix question
we love the fight right thing too much I
did my doing mean we should be singers
self sister cuz we just add a bar we
stand together we make up don't this
thing no you're not gonna be seconds so
there's somebody I put it so that's the
video for today in this video for today
I hope you guys enjoyed it I'm we
enjoyed it enjoyed making it filming now
gonna comment last week and they said
don't be like those other youtubers that
ask people to subscribe and like their
videos so don't subscribe or like a
video
it's got it people tell you is playing
Peggy knows mathletes cowboy kid yay
found a cig gun that was Marilyn
Bradley
she's a singer she's our on YouTube
channel go check her out she has lots of
other colors even ago chicken I will go
check it out I'll put a link in the
description bye bye miss American Pie
drove my chevy to the levee but the
levee was dry a little boys selenium
whisking and wack saying the sleeve Dana
died this would be the day that I die
