I'm gonna give you guys the reason why
I'm afraid of being in a relationship
the answer is starting off the vlog
coven Pinson being a bad boy like always
he's right there crying like a baby who
wants it you want to Adam to give him
money
can you just tell me shut up shut up do
me gig what is poppin I'm sorry Rima
started the vlog I'm pretty sure she did
an amazing job by the way
but the homie Mawson as usual he is just
wild he's literally crying because he
wants money and the last time I gave him
the cash he ripped it up what's wrong
with you what happened I thought kids
cry for toys not money how much do you
want how much $2 yeah yo I swear to God
like I wish I had like cash on me only
got my card man
you accept that bit well I'm sorry you
accept check y'all feel so bad because I
have no cash I promise you when I come
back I'm gonna go out to see slim right
now I haven't seen him for so so long
this is the longest I have not seen slim
for the whole time that we've known each
other we've known each other for like 6
7 years and this right here is been like
a month longest I love to see my best
friend man I'm about to start crying I
haven't see him up there's bigger issues
going on in this world I haven't seen my
best friend slim you're asking for two
dollars when I go out and come back can
I bring it to you when I come back no
why you want it now why do you want
everything now oh you already got my
chain that chain is worth money
that's my chain I see that smile come on
oh you guys hey anyways a do me gang
today I'm finally gonna get to see slim
he is back from LA I was supposed to see
him there I'm so sorry slim I'm so sorry
to everyone I was there especially caius
are supposed to go so it was his wedding
which look amazing and beautiful
Congrats to Caius and Mina you guys are
seriously gold once again I'm so sorry I
couldn't be there
seriously I always get bad luck last
minute and I have to stick with my mom
but congrats to you guys and I also seen
mama G's message to me slim sent me this
video which is right here bro yeah we
are missing you years so much a visual
you weren't here but the bell which is
for your mother
mother is more important I'm your mother
- believe me you are with her and you
are with me over in here - I wish you
were here and we could have danced
together fine Robert is so lay over your
piranha see we're missing everybody's
missing I hear everybody since you love
rose
mummy-ji thank you so much I love you so
so much
you like my mother matter of fact you
like my older sister because you're
still young mashallah
you're beautiful and you're an amazing
amazing person inside and outside I'm
heading to right now I miss you so much
I can't wait to give you a bigger
segment I'm headed to right now becae
you in the next shot yo yo yo what's up
we are here with the one the only
limitation whoa yo it's been a hot
minute man y'all see this the longest
this the longest oh my god it's raining
huh
let's pop it man yeah you guys watch the
vlogs yeah oh thank you man I appreciate
it right now oh this is the best yo guys
I'm so wet like all over mom yup I blame
you guys ma'am and they came through
started dancing and stuff and I started
dancing to join the game stop right now
and I'm what games you guys play for
tonight you got stay for night so I have
a bein a big question is ready all right
you guys watched four night streamers of
course nigga chief
that cone is like those are the teapot
what do you mean those are the two
foreign extreme errs I was going to talk
to you about who do you think is better
is it ninja or is it chief everyday of
course yo I personally I'm like Allah I
think I think ninja my nephew German he
always says only ho the thief over I
think ninja I don't know why to meet
ninja can't like really he'll like not
as good as chief do you think he's
better yeah but they just know funnier
yeah he was born I don't know who's
better yeah you're right
I changed my answer is no more ninja its
thief who's better a ninja is a bit more
funnier yeah
yo this is a game of a start playing
fifa 19 with the man we're not though
we're not dog Cersei I just got into
FIFA my team shoutout to everyone in the
UK who plays people I'm a beast in FIFA
now because of you guys thank you guys
so much and I beat nos so make sure you
guys tweet us and say Adam beat you in
FIFA like right now I want you guys to
go on Twitter and I want you guys to
tweet at OMG Adam Salah be at not Z Z in
FIFA so now if you want it in FIFA 19 I
got Jumanji it do me gang I am back home
in today's video is gonna be kind of
different it's gonna be a real talk with
Adam I get to talk to you guys about
something I don't really talk about so
I'm hope you guys can relate because
it's kind of hard for me to talk about
stuff like this and I thought sometimes
you know since I do daily videos and I
tweet daily now I should talk about more
on what's on my mind so as you guys know
a few days ago to anyone who follows me
on Twitter I tweeted out saying that I'm
scared to be in a relationship and yes
I'm gonna be honest I'm afraid to be in
a relationship there I said it and I've
seen everyone tweet them back Adam
please explain why why are you afraid of
being in a relationship some people were
like it's not scary some people were
agreeing they could relate because
they're all so scared of relationships
also to anyone out there don't be afraid
to say what you're afraid I'll let it
out cuz maybe you can it can help you
out hopefully this video can also help
people out who are also scared of
relationships so I'm gonna give you guys
the reason why I'm afraid of being in a
relationship the answer is I don't know
like I don't know so this is what I did
I went on my phone I went on Google and
I wrote why am I afraid of relationships
and it was kind of interesting because
something came up is had 12 reasons why
you would be afraid of being in a
relationship so I'm gonna say those 12
reasons that I'm
either say yes I'm afraid because that's
why or no I'm not afraid number one
you're afraid of heartbreak alright I'm
not gonna lie Loki I am I am kind of I
am kind of afraid of heartbreak anyone
out there who's ever had their hearts
broken you guys know how it feels it is
the worst feeling ever like I would
literally rather get jumped I would
rather go in a ring with Anthony Joshua
and let him knock me out so I can feel
that pain instead of feeling a pain of a
heartbreak it's not a good feeling like
knowing that you're gonna be in a
relationship and you might have your
heart broken it's pretty scary that
that's actually that's what scares me a
little bit let's continue on to see
maybe there's other stuff number two
you're afraid to not be single anymore
yeah I'm not I'm not really for that
anything I want to be in a relationship
because you don't say oh 13 kids six
boys having girls two twins come on I'm
not trying to be single but at the same
time I'm not trying to rush nothing I'm
trying to be me number three you're
afraid to let someone get to know you
um no I'm not really afraid of that
because whoever I want to be in a
relationship what they have to get to
know you or else you'll never be analyst
you'd be forever alone you got to let
them know you from deep inside so
whoever I'm with she's definitely gonna
get to know me like know me know me
number four you're afraid that love
doesn't work not really I believe love
does work and love does exist so I'm not
really I'm not really afraid of that
number five you're afraid you're too
busy also not really for this one
because whoever I'm in a relationship
with she will be with me I will be with
her too I will always make time for her
like why would I be but why would you be
busy if you're in a relationship you can
always make time for your loved one and
you always have to be there for her or
else you're not in a relationship that's
how a heartbreak might come you know I'm
saying you can make time and be busy
together you know I'm saying number six
you're afraid you won't find this one
exact person who might not exist or be
right for you anyway um not not really
that's another dumb one number seven
you're afraid of Fox annoyance I'm not
really afraid of being annoyed or
nothing like that because whoever I'm
with I'm gonna love every single piece
of them even their annoyingness I would
still love that because that just shows
that they care and if you're looking at
it as annoyingness you're not meant to
be with that person number eight you're
afraid of leaving your family you can
always make time for family and always
make time for the woman's family so I'm
deaf not afraid of that because my
family's always around me and I would
love for my you know the person that's
with me to also get to know my family
and for me to get to know their family
you don't say that's how you keep a
relationship you should
be afraid of that gee number-9 you're
afraid long distance can't work not
really there's something called the
flights something called moving in
together like a slim and Sofia man
Sofia's from California slim is from New
York City there's six hour flight away
and now look at that Michelle are their
goals they're seriously goals number 10
you're afraid to change on not really
I'll always be myself because you always
got to be yourself you got to let that
person fall in love with yourself number
eleven you're afraid to succeed not then
not really either these are some ones
enough we're gonna succeed together come
on G last but not least number 12 you're
afraid that the person will be opposed
to your fill in the blank lifestyle sure
if I'm in a relationship the person will
understand what I do and I'll understand
what she does so I'm not really afraid
of that I don't know I don't know man I
need to look into more and see why I'm
afraid of being in her late I don't know
or maybe I'm not
I don't know I'm confused but the only
one that I really kind of agreed with
was probably the heartbreak I don't know
because that just because that's just
like a really horrible feeling I don't
know I don't really know what it is and
I want you guys to help me out in the
comments below and do me yang so leave a
comment below why do you guys think if
you guys are ever scared of a
relationship why would you guys be
afraid let me know in the comments below
I'll be reading all your comments I hope
you guys enjoyed this video this was
seriously just a talk that I want to
talk to you guys about and if you guys
want more talks of me to let my whatever
inner thoughts I'll give this video a
giant thumbs up and I'll give you guys
more of my exclusive talks to do me
again thank you guys so much for I love
us before I appreciate you guys do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day see you guys tomorrow
do me Hank take care and peace I love
