time's up for a guy like Reese's hey
guys what's up
I'm Adam and I'm here with the homie
slim there's a fo shizzle what's up
today we are doing the condom challenge
and yeah slim awkwardly bought condoms
and we decided because a lot of you guys
were saying that comes below to do the
condom challenge so we decided to
comment on we don't even know much about
it we've seen a couple videos of it but
what are you doing grown ass nasty
disgusting well what we're gonna do it
and slim volunteered to go first so I'm
pretty sure so he's volunteered to go
first so he's gonna go first and we're
gonna try to put the condom over a - his
head and we'll see how it goes I'm ready
morning wrong ready because kind of
scare you
what cuz it's gonna help you drown in
the water let me drown one son do this
that me buddy take off your shirt get
ready guys this is the first time we're
doing it I think this one is gonna be a
fail but anything we'll try another one
bro we're gonna take two up
alright guys this is ready to get a wet
kind of news ed for him last time I'm
going to violate your shoe
oh my god filling am I getting shot oh
my god so we doing
it could be do this one we do this one
man alright yeah okay okay - oh my gosh
let me the worst you can be using again
come on slim take three
no no I'm scared
call me condom at I had come on slow go
let's go special delivery for Adam
satellite peel box
ah come on man what was this awkward hey
hey come on straight maybe do other than
that bad you wanna go down right now my
nephew subs going we give it a little
taste of what we do
let's get good
hi guys we just got done with the
extreme condom challenge we just did but
we just did a crazier challenge on
Slim's channel so if you guys don't
check it out go to the link down below
or click on this face so we move it
right it was this literally the crazy
the craziest challenge and hope you guys
enjoyed the challenge I did give it a
thumbs up for more slat um challenges
and you might a few uses so have you
guys almost glad of challenges run
abusive give it an extra thumbs up
if you tell me you guys tomorrow with it
back to the daily vlogs take care and
please I like
I'm here for you always a fat man
promise you that booth let me write this
what you say
