Oh
lazy day because I'm having an amazing
day
I have an amazing day you also have an
amazing day today I'm vlogging I'm gonna
show you laughing laughing I took Emma
what it - here are the one way by
messing either with Adam oh yeah Reema
Adi what I'm here just chilling on
Instagram uploading a picture
Reema is here of lighting what's up with
Duma gank I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day
so you ready what he already said it
well I want to say it again so finally
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing there right now I'm
stuck with these two kids who are
destructing the house muss and maybe one
years old but he is a maniac he's a
maniac
he must be so messy Oh Matt wasn't
Muslim your carry man what are you doing
he distracts the house what's up with
you I just woke up and it's already 4:30
it's ready talk outside which sucks
really bad foots back in LA I would
still be bright sunny day light gonna I
am gonna stay but I'm gonna go out right
now to go meet up with slim I'm already
running super late I'm supposed to meet
up with him right now and I haven't even
left so he's gonna get really mad once I
get with him well he it goes I just had
to upload something on this story on
with me and Rima
gonna go meet up with me right now I'll
see you guys in the next shot it's what
happens and I'll leave you starts crying
a theory by Marcin
you may kiss kiss believe i'ma come back
for you soon okay okay
I go in the train and it gets awkward on
a settlement
Wow
all right so I just got out the train
usually I take uber to like unit square
whatever but the Train I found out that
it's faster it takes about 20 minutes in
the Train
with the uber with the traffic in New
York City takes about 30-40 minutes get
two units per so why pay more and waste
more time than just taking a train I
know gets crowded on the train but it's
just train you know what I'm saying it's
easier and faster now rather do a quick
away I was in a chair about 20 minutes I
literally listen to like half Justin
Bieber's new album so I was just chillin
you know right now I'm looking for slim
apparently he's late too so that's a
good thing
come on I use camera at a I gotta bring
it
this dude over here say what hap so tell
them who was late today okay yeah I was
late
I thought you know another I was later
I'm still jealous then there's if you
seen a black I was bugging out to go
over my late I left the time you left I
wasn't waiting 40 minutes I cannot I
know I missed it so much
Oh all right there you guys to guess
what place is this what's this place
what isn't you
this is actually Union Square but it
looks so different looks really really
different
come on oh no it's cute Oh sciutto
anybody nice cute I'm gonna say that it
looks like him what I mean him can look
like a president who do we look like
which president do I look like which
present in the seal of life
he wasn't like Abraham no I don't like
it it looks like a clone of your this is
you know sound you can get this at
pretending Jewish pattern but if you
were like one of those hats I look like
you know I like this I just want to
smush them real quick smush much oh yeah
yeah that's good yeah do that a little
bit harder yeah I'm a smush them hard
can you just step on yourself I don't
have Trump I know that addition has
really trouble you choking yeah well
he's crazy I'm sorry a lot of you
watching
Oh use it
what's up
can say that man this cameras amazing
I'll stab you is amazing
I'll stab you what now just cuz you
cursed my camera you're gonna knock you
out so what happens when your custom I
came round I feel like the ill
instigator right now Justin Ross a world
saw the guy got really mad but yeah I
was just messing around someone was like
instigate it was like one of the biggest
issues
instigate any good to see like some
crazy is to get him proceed him a
nozzle the pollution boxing match in 76
next week next week next week hi guys
I'm gonna show you guys how Justin
either dresses up these days he just is
up really weird but really cool so nice
I'll show you guys I feel on the side
Michael I get alternate more so dressing
more like inches something different you
know
work is like that is because just like
this
that's a froyo nassima they says if you
guys do not know slim does like a lot of
daily flags now like every single day
you could always about her he's my
mother he doesn't even like really
missed a date today but he's something
like a lot so glad women check out his
daily vlogs it's really interesting
seriously now I have something to watch
everyone
check out his blog Channel makes you
check it out down below and I'm not just
saying that because he's my homie but
because crazy like weird like the
weirdest cool as I said John there I'm
so I just made the whole me Pablo say
what up tell them where you know me from
I know him from them when they can
republic modeling when I looked at them
undercover pow
he knows me from history he didn't have
you and he knew Remus and everything
like that so let's shout out to the
homie from Dominican Republic Pablo my
man right and it's crazy out
she doesn't even know I have a youtube
channel of live chat or nothing you just
know me from Instagram which is like I'm
a try on is cool Jackie you got some
acquittal
you guys see what this hey my neck you
guys tell me which one is better one for
you guys want to follow me on twitter my
twitter is right here you'll see it in
the link below this tweet got up to
50,000 retweets which is very this is
crazy like so crazy I'm seriously
overwhelmed by everybody who retweeted
that video thank you guys so much and if
you guys want to follow me or add me on
chaps net if you want to add me on chaps
and this is my phone should I do
something my phone what I'm like what's
in my phone like challenge video
something like that my snapchat right
there my snapchat is let's see what's my
snapchat if you guys want to add me on
my snapchat this is my snapchat is Adam
Saleh 93 this is my one and only
snapchat that I use I always upload a
lot of stories and I was rarely like I
rarely snapchat a lot of you so if you
guys want to add me you can add me right
there Adam saw 93 okay so I wrote on my
Twitter a couple days ago that if you
guys comment I'll give you guys a nice
shout out so I'm gonna do it today just
to show you guys love back so thank you
guys so so much shout out to Sarah
Haditha she's a trim your beard just a
little well maybe I will
or maybe I not shout out to kpop ARIMA
Thank You kpop Rima for liking before
watching thank you so much
undercover dutchy thank you so much for
all your love and support
nuf sakala thank you so much for liking
before watching he chatted to Miriam oh
thank you so much for your love and
support
shoutout to Halle as Matt Neal thank you
so much for your love and support you
guys are so so amazing eNOS Diane thank
you for your love and support seriously
one day Rima would want to be a vlogger
I think that's I think that's true I
don't know Brian star he got 40 bucks
and he's only like 7 oh he's 6 years old
and he got 40 bucks but yeah because
shout out to Mia Hossein Thank You Mia
us a shout out to Arab Giza
he got pranked
shoutout to shikaka Binks why would you
bring her Michalka cheese chicken pox
second age to contagious especially to
the children who haven't got yet yeah
thank you so much for my Muhammad you
guys are crazy in the comments
I love reading your comments thank you
guys so much the Eman it but I him
seriously you guys are so amazing and
then yeah I'll see you guys soon
alright guys do me gang it is confirmed
the meet and greet for New York City
will still be on Saturday this Saturday
November 28th at 2 p.m. I'm sorry about
that little blue light whenever there's
light or on this thing I don't know I
blew out but just ignore it yeah I don't
think New York City the media is still
this Saturday coming up it will not rain
at habited level that's what I said
right now and whether the rain just
moved the way I have to lay like we've
all read out on my diet as I made my mom
Perry dad that it says it's not gonna
rain just says little cloud and some Sun
so the weather should be beautiful so
for everyone who's watching on my New
York City Duma yanked on my Maryland
looming at all my New Jersey dumaguete
Connecticut Boston wherever around you
coming from New York City Times Square
it will be that day Saturday I do not
know what I'm saying cause I was
thinking about saying something else but
I said something else I'm sorry November
28th Saturday 2:00 p.m. at Times Square
at the registers it has been confirmed
official that's it I'm gonna be there
Rima Marcin slim and it is also
confirmed that Hamza and Haley will also
be there so it's gonna be pretty much
almost all of the Adams family so you
guys should come through it's gonna be
an amazing amazing time I just wanna
have a chill out and have fun with you
guys
so come through and let's see how this
goes NYC it's literally like in 3-4 days
so if you guys are planning on coming
come through I'm gonna be there
I'll see you guys then it's time to wrap
up this flag and yeah I'm gonna be
wrapping up this live right now I hope
you guys enjoyed this flag they did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey to all Mirada dad UMI's
seriously guys thank you guys so so so
much for always giving the vlogs a
thumbs up always watching try to make
these vlogs for the past couple days at
home a little bit longer than usual so
you guys can enjoy it you're asking have
fun and keep smiling so if you guys are
watching do me I give it a thumbs up
let's try to get this flag to 10,000
thumbs let's see if you guys can do it
the power of idumaean let's see if you
guys can reach
10,000 thumbs up by just giving it a
thumbs up by tomorrow and if you guys do
I'll probably do a cute nice little cute
there tomorrow so hopefully you guys
have an amazing day today and tomorrow
other than that we'll see you guys
tomorrow take care of do me a piece I
love you mmm
I love you I love you like a love song
baby i i love you more than a fat kid
loves cake baby I'm here for you always
in fact I promise you that
let me write them away this would choose
to say
