it'd do me getting hot finally landed in
New York City I am back home happily
I just wanna kiss the floor in New York
let's go
I am back in do be getting I'm back to
New York City oh my
about the kiss
I'm back home I'm back
Oh
homie what kasi builded year-2 and he's
gone for a month I know man so have you
had that relationship like that no
you're the first one see New York man
like oh I kind of know you love it
yes so what we're gonna get the chill
person after that we're gonna visit my
mom so I'm mama Sala we love you we love
you and we'll see you
Serio so the guys the first thing we do
is get food in the home a YCA say what's
up what's poppin G we're here with the
Shah brother I feel like we're on a date
yeah what do we deal with someone
doesn't um look for a date like yeah you
never hooked me up with a Pakistani girl
yeah yes
I got like 10 to 30,000 it depends what
kind of video like 10 different lakes if
you guys 1,000 extra nation but what
caste you got my wingman Slim is the
worst he's smooth you sure yeah what was
you told him I we're enjoying a meal and
then I'm gonna meet up with the homie
Nikki and we'll see what something see
you guys the next shot ah this looks so
good oh yeah mango what is that mango
ice cream here mango ice cream come on
Kyle thank you guys you're seriously
loving the Pakistani food yo day seafood
is the one of my feet man I feel like
I'm gonna get a ticket to to to get
chicken - we just got here - my old hood
we out here was we
oh here was back to the oh the keeps a
without the key
what's up man we out here bro I am back
here at the old project so as I told you
guys that we're supposed to like sell
this place while I give it we literally
trying to give it away for free but no I
guess no one wanted it because I don't
know because it's projects I don't know
why people judging and people are too
afraid to live here but you know we're
giving away the key but you live here
how much we're gonna go upstairs see my
mom see my dad so we're gonna see how it
goes I'll see you guys the next time yo
do me gang I'm here for the next few
days what this gives you vibe like like
the old lines you know I have a home and
I never used to show any like I'm going
upstairs to pull my luggage and I'm in
there and then after that we're having a
chill night oh look at this what's the
help yeah it was chillin bro you been
good he speaks him in Arabic do me gang
I am back here to my old crib where it
all started from oh my god Malik Dean
Garrett here Jamel was taking care of my
mom you chatted to the manager man even
though he didn't do a crazy roast on a
do me yeah and everything he's still
taking care of momma solid where is he
homey Jimin is here what's up boy
I first of all watch what to say I'm uh
I am gonna get you back for the roast
that you did but you got it you had an
easy pass today because you've been
taking care of momma Saleh my mother the
past week how has it been with my mom
what you've been doing huh nothing no
how you been taking care my mom you
taking care of good yeah that's my mom
you know I'm saying taking care for good
yes all right where's Dina
guys I found a random baby here look at
him look
he's actually not around the baby he is
my first cousin son so technically he's
kind of my nephew his name is Eunice
which is a name I've always wanted to
name my son Eunice guys I just got my
new camera all the one just died but I'm
here with Eunice as I was saying he's my
first cousins son he is part of the
Adams family say hi hi how old are you
can you speak are you one are you - he's
looking at himself in the vlog right now
he's like hey this is your first time in
a vlog yeah this kid is the cutest with
this kid is the cutest
don't touch it buddy don't touch it what
are you doing that okay now he's okay
good job that's good literally just like
is that what you're doing okay
you know what is he what this dude made
my day
leave are you gonna roast of the one
year old kid no you're not he's innocent
guys this is literally like my second
time meeting the homie Eunice guys I am
with Dina
I am with Jim as Jamaat see what's up
and I'm with you this unit say what's up
hey hey do you want to move in on me
what the hell did he just say what do
you want to officially be part of the
Addams Family I mean you ready Arman do
you want to stay I think so bro you like
him right now
yeah why are you saying it like that yes
or no yes I always gotta be yes you mean
give me kiss gimme kiss gimme kiss kiss
gimme kiss yo oh my god what do you do
yo this can't be running and everywhere
my family look give me a kiss a kiss
huh there's a kid don't meet him out
don't you know what we're gonna square
that's good hey let's see if he goes out
the office even wants to go up oh he's
gone no oh
yeah he's gone he just wanders anywhere
like I love unis already man he is a bad
boy literally making a mess everywhere
look how bad he is yeah he's just doing
what did he do what are you doing ok
guys look at this man my dad got the
Yemeni flag nothing the building was
missed you so much
see so much it has mama solid oh she's
okay she's doing it mamasan is he he
doing no good yes miss you miss you guys
so much
yes she won't be sick she's being sick
she was what
yeah she's being sick did you take care
of her yeah do me yank first of all I
just want to say I am back I'm back too
who asked you myself ok we are back
together - together we're together we
are back bigger and better do me gang is
here that so happens we live in projects
man freaking the helicopters going
around man
what yo it's so close I tell to someone
do who's the cop
second of all I just want to say a huge
thank you to a cos Hakeem and also slim
even though he's not here he's in LA for
showing so much love for my mom and I
also want to thank each and every single
one of you guys for showing so much love
and support to my mom like literally you
guys never seen here you guys never you
guys have no clue she is like I've never
seen her in blocks she's never been in
any of my videos and the fact that every
single one of you guys is still
supporting my mom and giving her all the
love that she needs mean so much and it
just proves that my mom is a real one
she had heart
jury today because there was like
something blocking one of the arteries
so they put some I don't know much was
clot was claw I don't know much about oh
he knows you might knows more than me I
don't know much about doctor stuff like
that so cuz you're not too smart
excuse you says the nine-year-old didn't
drop out of school
I'm waste more than even if I did about
us one way smarter when you talk about
what's ten percent no it's not 21
no I'm gonna pick you up with going to
the helicopter you want me to not be sir
so you do me I just want to tell you
guys that I am back uploading every
single day on this channel also only a
manger but that's what I was about to
say I'm a matron I'll start uploading
also so I'm both channels I'll be
uploading so expect tomorrow a big video
I'm a main channel and a vlog on this
channel if you guys already do big egg
mix you guys get this vlogging giant
thumbs up and go turkey if you sow good
seed a kegel Anna no Lima yeah what if
you like turkey more than why haven't
you got my Rich Dubee story calm why
would you got my money I maybe I don't
pay with Canada money first of all
that's the money that I gave you they're
using my money too
yeah 25 Canadian dollars and I'll give
it to you right now okay
yes business this businessman this is
Missy 20 no this is real but would this
respect the Queen like that's my queen
baby this is my queen yeah sounds good
your transaction Netanya hey here you go
oh I get this yeah no more wine curry
man you gotta weigh that do me a merge
yeah
get it do me store.com don't like it yes
yours Allaire the thing is it is drunk
on you freak actually does not fit me
look at this here you go you know I'm
not gonna really charge it him I also
gotta give him a whole family merch man
I haven't get be nice but I gotta give
you guys with March anyways to do me
Hank thank you guys so much for loving
support I appreciate every single one
you guys shout I told my rotted eyes I
see you guys on Twitter and Instagram
everywhere literally shown so much love
and so much support tomorrow may China
video and of live so make sure you guys
stay to it means your man up in and
building I missed you so much a lot of
announcements to come so makes you guys
say to an idumaean
do not forget to subscribe because we
upload every single day I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace once
again I'm so sorry for missing yesterday
my mom is at the hospital and my flight
got cancelled with so much going on have
you got this you guys
