I don't care every single family of you
guys on snapchat twitter facebook
Instagram hey guys what's up and do me
gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day do
me gig while you guys are watching this
there's three days left for the UK tour
London Birmingham Lester Sheffield
Newcastle Glasgow Manchester Bradford
Edinburgh literally I remember every
single city and I cannot wait to see
every single one you guys in your cities
how you doing Remo okay doing good
typing you're diving yeah you good don't
know what it called a mattress yeah a
mattress that's what it is do you teach
me my Arabic so we got to teach somebody
got to teach him Arabic yeah speak
Arabic I want to hear Remus speak Arabic
in the vlog just just speak Arabic ready
speak speak o Baba both you guys needs
to be got a bit time either come Rima
she knows that you gotta say in Arabic
she just spoke I have an English at this
you remind us one when we were kids I
know to be honest I was really good we
have five mashallah
that's really good actually I give a
problem but I'm saying you do me a UK
tour makes you guys go through the link
is in the description down below you
guys can get your tickets all the
information is there the time to address
a date which is right here I cannot wait
to see you guys literally in your city
in that date right here while you guys
are watching what I'm sure that my book
what did it break
who mostly got locked in the bath and
then you had to open the door knob yeah
I took a hammer to be draw up broke the
whole doorknob
what the heck only muscle man he liked
the bathroom door Rima girl's a smarter
man that has ever happened to you when
your anger enough yeah yeah okay never
mind
whose I'm wooden I was I was uncle it's
not a name look if she gets mixed up cuz
his name was useless
it's okay his name he got mad names in
guys walls here with me
Jim mad yo-yo Abe ape what's good this
boy bro why is he grilling me like this
let's say you once they eat me
yeah was know what you know I think he's
up to something man he's up to something
oh you up to something you already up to
you look see look shady as hell
what's nothing
the heck yeah it looks just like what
I'm scared I'm scared you're not scared
that was not a good time to take a
picture I'm sorry about that
freaking police around but the run me
over man his girl wants in a picture and
it's Karluk dope so I wanted to vlog it
but then the police gotta ruin it man
why you gotta do that Foley do me gang
we just got to this place I don't know
like a cafe or something the slimmin
Sophia they brought us here what's this
place what is it oh so like I got I
guess in the keys like look at this
place I feel like I'm gonna forest like
yo yeah like a romantic setting Madame I
know ZT by I heard they have like
amazing tea here so I'm on yeah I don't
know any dessert two desserts good then
I don't know team ping it's in there
Adams pink pink tea he agreed that
difficult yep see pink tea entities
let's go
I never seen big tea but yo I'm down to
get it you're gonna get it this is not
cups right here
hey thank you so Charlie I went down to
the stores national from the UK like all
of us like from the UK and we're talking
like I was mad found like habits of Tia
and say no Muppets yeah pink one is in
here and this is the purple one thank
you so much
hey he's my daddy and he gave me this
hat cuz I'm in bed a mommy and daddy
he's mommy I'm dad guys this green cake
and there's lava cake here with ice
cream go thank you guys for being a
Cyrus here see this is the lit spot
below my name so I'm trying to take
credit shout-out Sofia for showing us
they're trying to take credit yes
international be which song do you sing
he said wait
no way yeah I like that
what is happy you mean we see my love oh
she knows thank you guys you guys are so
sweet lately no this is sick man yo much
love to you guys you're seriously give a
shout-out to the girls shout out any
shoutouts anyone start at Sophia Carly
who you want to give a shout out to
myself Victoria oh thank you guys yeah
they're so sweet oh you know it was so
cool Puerto Rican fans that's Chris no
you put yo shout outs in my Puerto
Ricans man my Dominicans mas panics my
Mexicans my Spaniards I'm using my on
the camera soon when I go on tour let's
give me a lick like a pig
this is the last like a few days that
I'm chilling with you guys we're having
some Louise always I know this is the
story of Adam Alex the story of Adam I
see for a day or two he's going for like
200 bacon but usually we always all
travel together but one cost since is
like knee injury by the way looking
swagged out the UK tour I'm telling ya
whoever is going to a UK tour
this kid is legit going out he's gonna
make it one of the best stories out
there right but this time he's going
overboard and this is gonna be crazy
we're starting a key called daddy or
something huh
well if there's something going on here
keep me keep is my son huh I keeps body
was calling daddy
he keeps your son there's something
going on I like something I don't know
about huh I'm not a kid maybe like oh my
god the mallet Hamza they're downstairs
right now they just filmed a supposedly
a warning video to you guys but they
just made me listen to it this track and
I did a diss track on me and you guys I
don't know why the heck he's trying to
frickin roast you guys but I just I
don't know I just believe the probably
bored played for night and they just
wants to roast someone they just chose
freaking me and you guys man they did it
all today literally they already had the
diss track but first they wanted to
record a warning message to you guys and
they already recorded it here so I just
take the memory card I'm about to upload
and show you guys right now
because supposedly it's the craziest
warning video as what happens I said so
I'm gonna play that video you guys are
gonna watch it that's gonna be the end
of the vlog and we'll see how it goes
let me know what goes in the comments
below cuz I did listen to it and I'm
lagging like it's pretty gross double
like they actually went in on me like
really bad I don't even know if I want
them to roast me that bad like it's
really bad and I get loved it kind of
roasts it a lot of you guys like always
even like my kind of roast it was a
crazy like it got like deep and personal
so watch their warning message and let
me know what to do for tomorrow should I
upload it or should I not cuz I'm
thinking about it I might not even
upload it but I don't know Bob Lauder
I'm gonna have to fire back you know so
yeah I don't care if I'm at my god here
it is mr. video yo-yo is popular we are
ganja man in the building and I leave in
the building I read the building
I got me in the building if you guys
wonder how we're taking this video right
now howleen you I took out his big fat
old camera and he bought a little more
take a hold on his pocket right now come
on he's heard of this check out Adam and
doing he saved me doing it for fun miss
P I'm hoppin about lepsy I'll put in my
so this video no don't
and that's a reminder you don't have to
thank us what we're doing we're older so
we got my privilege yes Nicholas come up
with your 700 this is we're just having
fun
she said why do not my brother okay
whatever sitting on my sister's baby
it's cuter than I did nothing about that
we don't care about them everything this
track is already out and it's coming for
you guys this you guys who Adam of
Lupita's birth I just know be ready if
you guys ever get roasted in toasted the
man he already finished acting weird
either or anything any every told it
done so this is a royalty at our
chaplain just ride this act tomorrow all
right if again we're just doing this for
fun were bored
we have nothing to do right now besides
play for a night and we'll started to be
sick of it
the man said he loved that and you love
to do me we're just doing this as a joke
I don't care every single family of you
guys on snapchat twitter facebook
Instagram all right guys dispose left
it's enough depressing I'll gonna take
it to you don't take it to the heart
inside we just do it for fun
exactly 24 hours from now the district
is gonna be like it's about that's past
bedtime
they don't want to see like how much
people really care what do you have to
throw this up earn a skin or skin
let me thumbs out there are scary
welcome to your houses
it was not yet out but I was just joking
prefer thumbs it up with you haven't you
guys aren't scared yeah this year this
is no okay remember you came up to all
you guys smell that
well this is just happy he really were
nervous
have fun playing behind alright that's
it thumbs up
peace out
a man I love le
