what's up here not there okay I'll try
that baby
hey what's up is doing a horror you get
amazing a because we're having an
amazing day so what an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy it do me gang I'm doing the
countdown for the UK tour there's
officially four days to go while you
guys are watching this four days to go
but a UK tour it's gonna be a crazy
crazy turn up I cannot cannot wait to
wear ok toy to the UK tour yeah I don't
know man cuz I'm worried if you're gonna
roll some people at it okay you know I'm
trying to keep it do me I was shot I'm
afraid phone you staying here the bed
ball and no didn't getting the words
did you just say a do me gang is the
worst give me 13 reasons why I should a
chokeslam you line up do it number one
I'm your nephew me too I love you and
number three chokeslam do me a make sure
you guys get your tickets four days left
for the UK tour or make sure you guys
pull up to the door cause it's about to
be a movie link is in the description
below all the info is there all the
addresses there all the times are there
and click on the link and you guys will
see it right now we got a surprise from
Rima after six and a half long years and
she's almost seven years old she finally
broke her teeth how much how much is
your break today she broke two teeth
today you have to get it removed at the
dentist because her teeth was not
breaking at all which is kind of not
normal usually kids break their teeth in
like five six for Rima she she got older
her teeth wasn't breaking so at the
dentist they finally broke it I'm ready
cuz I feel like this is gonna be like a
new look like you know toothless Rima
gap girl can I call you got girls no why
come on you got girl all right guys you
guys ready you ready two one go Oh what
the hell villain villain baby Keith
behind my vine vaguely
why did it did not just remove it before
you're gonna need braces like ASAP Rima
me you're six how you mean everything
she broke the two teeth on the bottom
because the teeth were growing in the
back when I believe in
few weeks she's gonna break her teeth on
top Rima how does it feel to break your
teeth finally okay feel good yeah you're
not the only one in your classroom now
without a broken tooth everyone make
lastingly book one tooth tonight book -
hey let's kill it
hey Rooney got a chick huh let me see
your muscles come on let me see your
most you know come on I'm gonna touch
you uh oh my god man do not I just said
show me you must I'm gonna say okay give
me a puncher give puncher let me see the
punches go okay okay come on okay
Boston is pretty strong I ain't gonna
lie a doobie gang I'm literally with my
whole family right now but about to
leave because I have a crazy basketball
game and as I told you guys I never
really vlog about basketball games not
believe today I'm gonna try to vlog it
so I can show you guys how crazy it gets
wife is so loud Mia what are you not
watching you know watching watching
LeBron change with Curry's but thank you
wearing what do you mean you got curry
with LeBron James actually I do
you're lucky you didn't get jumped in
the house you're lucky nobody jumped you
jump out what color so maybe shave your
head while your seat bro
seriously here's Laura Pro years look
how long as here is you look young
instead look so buying your legs oh you
guys are watching over let me see the
captions could see me please miss me
who's that
yeah
I'm right here yeah look at the captions
what's up do me yang
Oh what the hell doom again you just got
some Brooklyn Bridge Park with the boys
right here he's something what happens
of guys they keep saying what up and
some of the what cost look at them uh-oh
we got your money on well you got your
mind oh he's gonna put oh well cuz pls
cricket he's a cricket old cos he's
Pakistani
he plays cricket man like a BG
basketball court no before like what
like once twice so you be with twice two
times no I beat you see somebody I can
keep see I water yeah I'll jump in that
water and they've always had like ripe
like they've always wanted to box each
other you've always want to let meals
but they still love each other that's
the crazy thing I believe we're next
playing basketball I'm gonna try to vlog
it we'll see how it goes but also a
happy Independence Day to Pakistan well
I think the first on I'm on your vlogs
it's the run on one yes sir
oh yeah what's up man how you doing I
don't know good yeah do you want to talk
or not sure sure what's up how you doing
what's your name huh and you you guys
playing basketball yeah who's better
best you are you seven are you you look
happy today
what made you happy today coming here
that's good I like that me too what
about you what made you happy today
video playing video yet what games do
you play the games I play I'm gonna give
you my gamertag after this one I want
one okay yeah I just met their mother
right now she was literally so so sweet
peach at out to that man like I actually
want to talk to you guys as I told you
guys every single day the first thing
people come and tell me is hey can I get
a picture I'm trying to play ball half
convos you know and not just like see
you guys for a second or for you guys to
see me for like a second I mean it does
happen sometimes when it's crowded or
something when it's places like this I
want to talk to you guys I want to know
chote you guys I want to say what up you
know we can still take pictures but sir
I want to talk to you I just feel like
in a zoo animal I feel like I'm in money
kicks his farm what all people want was
pictures but yeah I believe about the go
play right now so do me and I'll see you
guys in the next shot I wanted you guys
to win bro man the pakistanis one man
now we're playing them let's do it well
congrats bro they won and well I wanted
next to it let's do it let's do it
we do this together
Oh
yeah
so we had a crazy game took the W
Pakistani squad was good lot of love to
that we know stands always taking W hey
guys oh look at you guys get it right
here oh yeah what's up Holly we said I'm
oh thank you
thank you their hair like because they
did it hair like me temporaries I don't
do it real don't do it okay okay
Azul picture guys come take a place
ready say cheese we just got done
playing ball again yahoo chat out to
that man they gave a lot of motivation
while playing and we took the double you
know why never never
what about your older you'll have to get
married
now we get Mary Sue you know simms gonna
send mr. lookin we made it a year man
back meds and now you don't see any cool
they all want to punch my stomach
what stop not there okay I'll try not
baby
I'm good I've got are you strong just
awful
in Douma gang I am back home I really
hope you guys enjoy this vlog I hope the
vlogs brighten up your days every single
day especially when I'm at home
especially when I'm with my friends
especially I'm hanging out playing ball
literally doing anything turn it up
thank you guys so much for your love and
support for always showing love always
giving the blogger thumbs up always
leaving a comment below I will always be
giving you guys some lint don't plug and
do me yank do not forget the UK tour is
in four days these are the cities I'm
gonna be at these are the days I'm gonna
be in those cities if you guys want to
know what time and where it's at if you
guys want to show up you guys can go to
the link in the description down below I
promise you guys it's gonna be one heck
of a time bring your friends bring your
friends friends bring your family bring
your family's friends bring your
families friends family bring your
families friends families friends bring
your families friends family friends
cousins uncles and do me a few has
enjoyed make sure you give it a giant
thumbs up and go turkey I'll see you
guys tomorrow do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day take I
do mess you got some more peace love you
love you
