why hide the name Kyla hey guys what's
up and do me Hank I hope you are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day I do Megan I just found out
that a DH is in a few days
seriously I'd no clue because I'm always
used to eight being after da Milan I
always forget that there's another E
which is the bigger one and it's gonna
be I believe like August 20th August
21st
during my UK tour so unfortunately I
will not be with my family on Eid next
week I will be with you guys do me gang
in the UK turn it up with you guys on
AIDS and for the whole week and around
10 cities in the UK I cannot cannot wait
to get it be so much fun if you guys
having on your tickets make sure you
guys get your tickets at Adam eats pussy
calm or you can also get your tickets at
the door and your City London Birmingham
lesser bad for Manchester Glasgow
Edinburgh Sheffield Newcastle you can
also get it at the door but if you guys
want tickets and want to make sure that
you guys have that ticket go get it
online Adam eats pussy calm if not come
through to the door and it's gonna be a
crazy crazy turn-up let's start off this
way by giving that giant thumbs up and
Umi gang if you guys do not know me my
name is Adam moissan you have solid or
you can just call me Adam or Adam solid
how upload videos every single day so
make sure you guys subscribe to stay
updated my videos every day I'm about to
go upstairs right now see the kids
I believe Marcin and Ally they keep
fighting which is kind of weird cuz at
least three months old mauston is three
years old
I'm Austin he just gets jealous of him
he doesn't know that he came to speak
this boys a baby
Ally's like a newborn baby I mean my son
is a baby too but still let's go
upstairs and see what's up let me take
you guys with me hey do me gang I am now
with my Habibi aleihsalaam Austin is not
here he's outside with his dad thank God
because he's so bad and he always
bullies my homie Riley literally bullies
amigo as he grabs him he kisses him I'm
gonna ask him some questions
he mustn't bully you does he give you
kiss attacks like this huh
guys mashaallah he's only three months
old and he knows how to stand up and he
moves a lot I'm telling you guys Loki
he's already bad another question do you
love me smile if you love me
kisses do me gang today I'm actually
going to the city I believe it's a
breeze birthday a breezy happy birthday
we're all getting meet up there give me
a fun fun crazy day when it come on me
hi guys do me yeah I'm heading to Times
Square right now keep you guys updated
so I'll see you guys in the next shot do
me gang I just got the time Square and
it is raining like crazy man Rain Man
drew I'm going to see all them in a few
let's see how it goes I don't know since
I'm going to the UK in a few days I'm
gonna do a little bit of shopping and
while I was doing some shopping I seemed
to homey from the UK and any Joshua
what's up you in America homie I can't
wait til you fight in America one time
soon gonna be really really dope got a
lot of support here in America and I'm
one of them just know that a lot of
Americans they love you so much
not just UK he's also an American I'm
saying you know what I'm saying idea to
clone me come on G what's up man hold me
from where you can so you
when you can yo warning okay
take care oh man appreciate about one
thing I dislike is when I try to talk to
people and all they want to do is take a
picture but I was asking about if we're
new you carry from where you can yo
wearing in UK you know take care of and
he completely ignored my question
there's that take care take the picture
and left I'm like come on g-man you
don't have combos or nothin like that
you just want to take a picture and be
all like trying to connect with you guys
you know I don't think it's all gonna
her superwoman she made my day
Wow look at this supplements Lane guys I
just met up with the hemorrhoids coming
through later for his birthday he lives
wins he doesn't Princeton Carleton
warden Macy's right now and I'm doing so
challenge of trying on a I'm in the
woman's section so I'm just trying on
some woman clothed lovely lady here
she's gonna what should I try this one
how do you know it's my size hi you
squeeze it anything I know you could
yeah I'm gonna wear it I'm not gonna
come on the street what if you want me
to come out in the street yeah I got a
thumbs up this video this video gets
30000 thumbs up I'll buy this dress and
literally walk out on the streets are
you buggin ro you bug your buddy Adam
I said you're bug this what is this I'd
wear it you ever like which one is
better yeah I don't know I don't know
what's a good like woman's hello they
wear it right yeah I get you same here
like like guy stuff like as good as
Gucci yes Louie you're like that looks
good but woman I just feel like I don't
know what's like what's good that's why
I just like the gifts that I get will be
like some weird shit like headphones
like some on sisters I get like
headphones I'll just get them like a job
or a job you button broke oh my
come on man you don't ah oh my god that
of the clown out of the quiz now
yeah just funny you got to find the hole
we head in it oh is this the toilet I
put the just one yeah and we look too
much bro and introducing the new wind
improved Adam Sally and come out come
show your pretty self oh my god yo you
like the Arab Hercules I swear I'm not
the live brother like you actually like
you don't look bad bro like real manly
I've seen me tell people like how do I
look 1 through 10 I need to know if it's
like a good dress or not
yo I love that she said 20 things about
you we are a 9
how does look 1 through 10
why
very bad oh my god oh my god
Adam are you doing
I know you're gonna get us kicked out
man I don't know man she looks special
that looks where's the hole I don't know
man
unless supermen demo what is this no oh
my god you broke it
hi guys do me getting it is kind of late
night the homies that literally everyone
pulled up so late we are going to a
hookah lounge I never really vlog when
I'm at the lounge but I'm gonna have to
block it so homie damn it it's his
birthday
don't do me again you guys are getting
behind the behind the scenes you know
I'm saying just us
what up man what's up I doing bro by the
way guys I met so many of you guys today
so I appreciate every single one of you
guys love I got to talk to so many of
you guys but some people just literally
just taking pics and just leaving and I
was trying to make combo I look like a
weirdo trying to make combos by like you
know what it's all good and if you ever
meet me have a combo you know I'm saying
don't just you could take a picture but
you're not you don't take a picture in
just life and just leaving like my
existence is like gone you know I'm also
human too but the homie Andrew was
pulling up right now I'm waiting for him
so i'ma let see how it goes guys I think
that is Drew right there this is who
just pull up in a Rolls Royce
yo I think he's seriously pulled up with
a Rolls Royce what is this Dubai let me
see the matter is not him is in focus
I don't know if it's him hold up let me
see Bo you really just pulled up with a
Rolls Royce yeah pulling the weight and
you it's my birthday
hundred right there it's good it's good
yeah the driver
what I do what I don't like
even Issa
what are you talking about what the
music is too loud
and comment down below make sure you
subscribe and I'll get here tomorrow
Pete I love you
