hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you are doing great it is day seven of
Ramadan one week is gone it's probably
taken out to you guys and today I got a
lot of stuff to do so I can I go work I
have to go give Mawson a haircut I was
trying to give him my own haircut
because you know I'm Barbara Adam I know
how to give haircuts but then mom was
like no she wants to give him her Ken
I'm like nah I ain't giving it no
haircut I'm gonna take him to the
barbershop for the first time new guys
gonna get to see his reaction because if
mom would he gave me the haircut he
would have had every hairstyle together
he would have the Zayn Malik hairstyle
he would have had the buzz cut also he
would have had a mohawk you would add
everything so I would rather not heard
give America so I'm taking him to the
barbershop for the first time I'm kind
of nervous cuz if he starts crying a lot
it's just gonna be really embarrassing
I do me yeah you guys did it once again
I put up the vlog around 2:35
and now it's it's 335 in exactly one
hour you guys got nineteen hundred
thumbs up yesterday you guys got 1800
thumbs up I don't know why I skipped to
say in 2001 hours so today we must reach
at least over 1902 so thank you guys so
much you guys are still undefeated six
and oh we're about to beat Floyd
Mayweather's record we're gonna have an
undefeated record thank you guys so so
so so so much truly appreciate it
what are you scared of look guys you
wanna know what you scared cuz I'm
wearing sunglasses you CA can wear
sunglasses so give me a kiss oh oh
mister come on let's go what you said
whenever must important whenever mustn't
fall she says all up ready get a haircut
let's go
alright so I'm on my way to the
barbershop I think I'm over this place
this is Sky's to go to when I was like
three four years old there remember you
see the apart over here that mean
remains to go about one or two years ago
now it's turned into a football what's
that
before let me see you before yeah before
here this is before here I'm gonna hook
him up boy
look I'm in again I'm gonna hook you up
boy grab it you wanna go in mo says just
like me whenever the Sun is in his face
I start squinting like this I'm
squinting like this I like my eyes are
so sensitive
yeah they buy say hi huh say hi Monson
you got it let's go yeah let's go let's
go you got it you got it you got it you
got already thirty people like oh my God
he's so cute oh my god you're such a
nice dad I can't stand it I can't stay
like all night he's my nephew because
they're always cutting me off
like this is the conv that I had earlier
like right now legit it's my lady was
like oh my god your son is so cute and
I'm trying to talk like nah that's wrong
she comes in out of nowhere she's like
I'm when there's not much daddy's like
that I always take care and walk their
kids I'm trying to talk you down like
that that's my brothers then she comes
in again is like oh my god how old is he
somebody know what I'm gonna display
Lauren he's my son like they never give
me a chance to speak and say like no
this is not my son this is my brother
son so I end up just paint along like
yeah that's my son you know it I love
him so much you know just I always take
him out like oh my god you're such an
amazing dad not much dad's do that and I
might go okay and if I do end up saying
like oh no he's on my Sunday and they're
getting mad like oh my god so I gave all
these compliments for no reason
someone's getting sleepy eight month old
kid it's about to get a haircut oh eight
or nine months laude Alden must enjoy he
looked at he's like oh they got me
I should've never when I
chicken
good job
this job because our amazing job what
happened
Wow
was he looking good no
and Allah we are finally done and I just
wanna say that muslin is wild he was
grabbing the lady's hair clipper he was
snatching it off
he was grandma ladies hand moving it was
wild but hamdullah he got it through and
let's see the fresh cat come on taste it
you mean sir
look at that fresh fresh best part by
getting a haircut when you were younger
is that lollipop I still always look for
getting a lollipop Remo you want to go
get a haircut yeah why reown supposed to
come out with us well then she got
afraid she thought I was gonna give her
a haircut - was it
don't put the lollipop on the floor and
he's happy now Michelle thank you guys
so much for the love and support I went
through reading on you didn't even get a
haircut huh yes let me give you a
haircut
okay I am now in a cab because I'm with
my girlies Rima and Dina which equals
Dima
hey don't do what yeah I'm doing a lot
of errands I got to golike grocery
shopping but it's also to like kill time
because I'm really really hungry now I
am going to Central Park but a different
part of Central Park that you guys
haven't seen it's a really huge park it
looks like it's Egypt like those
pyramids cool stuff like that so would
you go there and have fun
ready
he told you is like Egypt like this
pyramid here that's really cool guys it
got sick this place is it I'm gonna go
with inside the pyramid that is sick
I'm inside the Train hello Oh looks
again
Rema Rema Rema DITA what's up
be careful though we're now literally
inside the pyramid it's so cool I have a
video of like ten years and it kind of
changed oh that's much cooler look just
ah the trim there oh look at this
pyramid you gotta climb it with the oh
you gotta climbing with the brick go
down that's life I'm about to go on the
biggest slide with Tina yeah but come on
how about this all three of us go
together Rima come on for the atom
roller cause it's a yeah we were coming
say yeah yeah yeah Wow okay I'm scared
okay go okay
we chillin spending some time with the
fam done customers what are you doing
deena go make new friends rimas don't
wanna make friends rimas all what makes
friends like I'm making friends you're
talking venus is like she's on her oh
yes you just like you don't do that
don't know it's nasty you just want to
be my friend
Oh Oh that's crazy what the heck oh no
he's not doing it yeah oh no he's crazy
he said you know what helping the face
the height was wrong oh they better do
it come on oh no you guys risking his
life he's crazy he's crazy
no no no that was crazy that was sick
but I was like hey guys I'm live on you
know I just came out of Norfolk surprise
so what's up how you guys doing hi see
how each other what's up what's up
haven't seen it for a while and he's
finally ready
let me ask give you quite a fancy yes
look you guys be quiet
I'm asking the question yeah are you
fasting yes
I'm ask you again confessing yes so what
did you eat today what do you say okay I
ate a cupcake so you fasting alone yes
how you faster you get a cupcake i F
that time is now about happy Ghazis yeah
excited me high of Casilla Alcide and
Murdoch and so how and pasta and yeah oh
wait never mind my dad got to Ashley's
not one daddy was up with you got to hey
guys I got so it's time to wrap up this
vlog hope you all enjoyed this flight
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey I am gonna be doing a
giveaway right now I'm gonna show you
guys what I'm gonna give away for the
400,000 subscriber giveaway and the next
time I'll be doing giveaways when we
reach a million subscribers on true
story estate and only reach a half a
million on this channel so thank you
guys so so so so much
you guys show a lot of love a lot of
support in everything so I wanna give
back
- you guys you guys always send me stuff
in the pillbox so this is my time to do
a giveaway okay so these are stuff that
I'll be giving away I'll be giving away
these sneakers my lucky sneakers I am
giving it away that I was in with the
boxing fight that I had that had like
six seven million views around there I'm
gonna also sign it right there once I
get like a nice marker I'm also giving
away my watch this is my watch that I
got not someone that like said this to
me I don't want to like give away
something that someone said this to me
this Arabic Arabic watch also my YouTube
pass that I have here like I'm supposed
to like give it back to the hyouta space
but I will just give it away cuz it's
something really really cool also a
silver chain of mine that actually just
got on the war like 1c to snapbacks tiny
Nick was legendary ratchets that back
the snapback that I have that was mine
for like a year now this Palestine vs.
the world shirt that I wore it in a
picture I don't know if you guys know
but yeah we're in like a picture I wore
it many times before my cool for you to
Adam I send you a solid walk before one
of my snap backs this tank top that I
wore and I haven't even washed up if you
know if you guys want me to wash it let
me know can we wash it or not and this
mess bad this test beer for you guys
something to remember me for but yes
this is pretty much what I am giving
away I'm also gonna be writing a letter
to and a video a special video a
personal video just for you so if you
guys want to participate you can
participate everybody is welcome to
participate and this these are the rules
that I got to do to participate in this
you have to subscribe to this channel
subscribe to the me channel you have to
show me proof that you are subscribed
you have to follow me on Instagram
Twitter and like me on Facebook you have
to be all those five things and you have
to show me proof with that and if you
have to retweet one of my tweets that
I'll be putting up today so go on my
Twitter the link is down below you'll
see that sweet you have to retweet it in
order to win and it pretty much you just
got to do all those leave a comment
anywhere Instagram Facebook Twitter
tweet me something and just let me know
what's your reason that why would you
win or anything and I wanna I feel so
sad just choosing one but I'm not gonna
have to choose one I'm also gonna be
choosing five more winners and I'll be
doing the same thing I did another vlog
and I write their name and my
in my marker board and that's pretty
much it for the giveaway so if you guys
want to participate thank you so much if
you don't then it's alright but if you
do and you want a chance to win these go
ahead and participate thank you so much
for the love and support it truly means
the world you guys are seriously amazing
seriously like make me so happy so I
really hope that make you guys happy and
I want to get back to you guys and I
will do more of these I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care do me gang piece I love you
and good luck to everybody
please
you
