hey guys what's up and do me dang I hope
you're having an amazing night because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
this is my last two hours here in New
York City I'm heading back to LA and
I'll be seeing the homies slim to keep
there Terry said I do not know what's
gonna happen the next two hours here in
New York I'm just chilling laying down
waiting for my flight to happen so let's
see let's see what goes on see you on
the next shot do me gank this is how I'm
ending my last hour in New York City
what up sup man was crack it was
cracking so I'm ending it here in
Brooklyn with my Philly cheesesteak
seriously I just want to the bodega all
right now stop me to sandwich you know
I'm saying got my laptop out because my
phone died I was just doing an Instagram
live this is why I don't really do
Instagram live because it kills my
battery and my battery is always low so
I just thought of it now like I can
always do Instagram lives but it's just
that my battery's always low and my
camera's what the heck better better and
I got new glasses I've seen you guys
tweeting saying Adam better not lose
those pink glasses but guess what I lost
those pink glasses I couldn't find them
now I got these these are cool - we
don't say I'll make sure to have them
for the tour for the UK tour which I
can't wait to see you guys I can't can't
wait this is the next hour right here
charging my phone laptop eating my
feeling she's saying I got some big news
to tell you guys I already set it on my
Instagram live but I do want to say on
my blog stay tuned for that I'll see you
I'm literally put on someone's doorstep
I'm sitting down like I'm in front of
someone's doors
I'm reading your tweets looking around
Brooklyn guys I just spent no homies
right here like are you guys a couple no
oh I think a couple answers now you guys
would make a cute couple man seriously
Christopher enjoy sir huh oh oh you have
a girlfriend already
oh so what the heck you do here just
friends I see that's cool you can have
friends that are had a girl you know
okay that's cute I like that that's just
bum yo seriously they just came through
seeing me waiting like a homeless guy
here come on and they were just like how
did I look just how did I look sitting
down
this is sunset area in Brooklyn does it
look like I'm in the blood gang or not
Trey way yeah nah but seriously thank
you guys for your love appreciated thank
you guys
Andrew just came through what's up man
was here I got here oh my god that looks
sick that is so sick Oh what and you
still wear a hat man like is that how
you guys feel whenever I wear a hat when
I get a haircut
my glasses in there and you guys all
thought I'm gonna lose my glasses I
still got it here I still got it
let's go you know why I'm gonna give
away these on tour should I get around
tour since I always lose it like I'll
just get a lot of glasses and I'll just
give it out but I do mean we're headed
to the airport go back to LA it's been a
hectic hectic trip how was it we're
going back and productive ere we go back
to LA and to see I met slim and the key
what are they doing do we get guess what
I am back in LA the first thing I do is
get my hair dyed to read because slim
why is it red dye here first of all I
don't know was you
you dyed his beard because his beard is
still red and like are you trying to us
it's like it's it's called one day die
but I don't know it what the hell bro
your whole cheek here isn't ready just
like she's slim messed up so bad by
trying my best to fix it it's not fixed
it looks like someone would like
lipstick just like my whole face my
mouth is so mad you were asleep what do
you do or not I asked him to do it oh my
god you cannot blame himself bro
seriously well yo crazy
it was crazy it's likely for a day and
come back how's it feel I feel weird
what you come back looking like a
resident evil villain
I came back I got it here you look like
a villian from a horror movie your son
really like a villain smart like a big
heart movie like this is it oh yeah
right here
no you're like a final character you
know like
final boss you know sanneh no but
seriously it is midnight right now in LA
we just got here it's been awhile good
flight there's yeah I can't believe we
actually just went to New York yeah how
do we left out like you tell me nothing
bro I have to dip man I don't know how
do I get woke up and I just see like
half the house is empty because Jews
like big is like to me people bro you
know what I mean and you you're like I
don't you like half a person wandering
loud as hell bro you know saying ya know
they're broke what we've back my house
is so quiet without you no no no damn
loud that's why wherever I go I'm really
letting to talk a lot yeah here's a
breeze just talking all day
everybody he's going everybody ugly bro
literally yeah that's like famous line
yo you all leave Oh
huh yeah guess who what do we do of
course you know he knows who you is
classy oh yeah I know how you lookin fly
now come on and we got the homie allies
here hey what up man
yo how was it really wasn't about you
okay everyone thinks I have red hair
because oh my god that's really foul
that's the picture you posted on a story
everyone really thinks I have red hair
they don't know that is dying like
there's more though yeah
another one here look look at this all
of my timeline bro no no it doesn't
matter like no matter I did have red
hair for like a few hours yeah literally
roma hold tight what the heck everywhere
bro yeah yeah whenever I change my hair
color they go crazy really
so what's the next real hair color
should I make it do blond baby Oh blonde
is silver by the way guys I just took a
shower to remove the red hair but I'm
thinking about changing my hair color
because of the tour and I already know
every time for the UK tour I always
changing my hair color should I change
the silver blonde or should I keep it
natural for the Sun either way it looks
good baby I don't know what to do but
seriously I cannot wait for the UK tour
I'm actually giving away two tickets
right now to backstage tickets as you
guys know there's around eight to nine
days left to the tour so from now on
every single day for the next eight days
because I believe I'm going to like
eight to ten cities I'll be giving away
two backstage tickets and two standard
tickets each for each city so I'm about
to decide and choose someone right now
you want to help you up the hardest part
is deciding like literally going through
and just like and just deciding whoever
who should I do me a mistake I'm so fat
because I'm legit eating Big Macs no
it's like two three days really
hi guys one of the winners right now
right it is on Twitter
her name is Sahira and her at is
inspired Bieber
congratulations you're gonna be coming
backstage we gonna turn out we don't get
lit it's gonna be really dope I'm a blog
which you if you're down to being a vlog
I remember you you've always supported
me always show so much love so thank you
so much we're gonna DM you right now
seriously I've seen all your dims or
your messages and it touched my heart so
now you get to backstage tickets and you
also get to standard tickets that you
can give away to any one of your friends
come through and watch the show so
altogether you get four tickets Oh
Congrats I'm with the Emmy right now and
it do me I got a surprise so you guys
the next shot
I literally just DMD right now saying hi
she's at Auntie Adam hey I said congrats
you want to backstage tickets and to
landing
tickets like how you narrate boy voices
oh my god I look so tired but a doobie
gang it's time to tell you guys the big
big news this is really big noise in the
Addams Family actually you're all wrong
hey
because I want to film any room I saw
like much gonna hear the news I guess
you guys will hear the news to the news
is my little brother mace who is 10 to
11 months younger than me is now getting
married and I'm on yeah and now I'm
really happy for him I'm the only one of
the family now who is not married which
is kind of weird because I'm older than
my little brother but I'm so so happy
for him I cannot wait seriously I told
you got season four was gonna be me
season three was Ali Saleh season four
is my little brother and I believe
probably season five is me not I'm
saying yo I'm it how would you feel if
your little brother got married before
you I miss you I'm lucky cuz I'm the
youngest one but but Oh what would you
do if you got married before you older
brother with it would it be weird or not
he'll probably like throw up
we'd probably stick to summer it would
just be mad really oh no I'm happy I'm
having my brother Mason I love you so
much Mase I love you so much I'm gonna
see real soon and do me game if you
don't make me the best man oh you better
not let me but a doobie game makes you
guys show you love to the homie Mase aka
Yusef I love you so much cannot wait to
your kids congratulations and doomy gang
thumbs up for the home you miss cuz I
know he'll be watching this news even
like Adam what the heck but it's all
good do me I'll see you guys tomorrow
with another daily vlog it is our last
day in LA tomorrow take care and peace I
love it 6:10 coming soon
