I don't know but there's something about
the song that makes me you know
hey guys what's up your to me gang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm at enemy's neck you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
look at this and wha see I'm back in New
York City for less than 24 hours with
the homie drew what's up man being fat
eating Eminem
a couple of eminem feels so weird coming
from LA then vinick's in New York and
then gonna go back to LA and then back
to New York on 24 hours but it's all
good in the hood
today's give me a dope dog day I am NOT
July at all because of this view is just
so beautiful my guys so this is a Museum
of every single scenario in the movie
Deadpool one of my favorite favorite
movies one of my favorite superheroes
Deadpool you like that pool or not this
is Colossus and you're gonna go and take
pictures you oh oh my god Wow
has licked all the teddy bears talking
teddy
Wow guys this is Vivian she's showing us
around museums Boston
they'll be dope pictures like every
single place is like an amazing picture
to take
so you're looking for a wife
Kiki
I am B oh ma pick it out oh my god sir
see like every spot you can take a dull
picture I believe in yourself which one
is your favorite one no yeah I'm kind of
like I want to like this one this looks
like the Fifi music video like six times
about to pop up this like Nicki Minaj
my dream is jammin mashes Spaziano
let's just say you can choose on
whatever unicorn you want to sit on
deflated so you get a picture with her
you guys
you get to be little spoon give her a
kiss on the cheek shoot your what you
have to look like her
take a look how this works guys she's
got to put on this shirt
like look at the fit though look at the
fit the fit
you got baby likes do you see this
how does it feel how does it feel to be
like this I do me game what do you guys
think thank you bye guys so they're
doing pop-ups of these museums like we
got a balloon we got some gummy bears
you know instead of a soul that man it
was literally like every scene of
Deadpool in there what was your favorite
one
I like the unicorn the unicorn our one
and and the teddy bear one that wasn't
my favorite one so guys man I miss New
York so much man like I'm only seeing it
for a few hours I'm gonna miss it I'm
Lizzy but I'll come back in a few days I
just have to go back to California me
and drew we literally came here just for
like a few hours just to go back we are
now at the Apple Store charging my phone
right here and Drew is charging his
phone we're gonna be in New York tonight
and then tomorrow we're off to LA all
right this Apple store freaking poor is
there
New York I miss New York do me gang I'm
back from doing what I got to do today
please ignore the mess in my hotel room
room service didn't company do me yank
today's blog is gonna be kind of
different I will be reacting to a music
video let me be more specific
I'll be reacting to Lana roses new music
video if you guys do not know who Lana
Rose is she is Molag his sister as you
guys know mo vlogs is the homie Lana
Rose to only met her once she's really
really sweet and I remember when I went
to their house Lana Rose was telling me
how she loves making music how she loves
writing her own lyrics I'm letting her
feelings out I guess with with music and
even though I'm cool with Mo I'm cool
with Lana I'm still gonna be watching
her new music video and I'll be giving
my honest opinion so let's sum up I
don't know I'm so nervous to react to
this video alright let's watch it one
two three
call me back right now okay all right
all righty the first 15 seconds of this
music video and the song is it ready
better than any song that she's ever
released which is a good thing because
you're going up you're not going down
and seeing the production to this seeing
the quality to this I can know you how
to dope team around it to make sure it's
good because I'ma be honest the last
music video you've changed the
production of the quality the camerawork
didn't seem that great but this one
already off the top and 15 seconds is
already amazing that's one of the main
things about music specially when you're
filming your music video I've done so
many music videos in my life and if you
make it like a home video it's not gonna
work out I always got to get a good team
a good production team but cameras and
make sure it's good you know I'm saying
let's continue watching you know she's
going through something
I don't know but there's something about
the song that makes me you know want a
vibe with it makes me want to chill with
it it got that calmness in it like make
it feel so real and her lyrics are so
deep seriously I got to know what she's
going through
hold up let me read the comments and see
you know I'm just a comic kind of guy I
read the comments to see what goes on
goddess angels said Adam Salah what did
you do what did I do
girl what did you do why are you
commenting on I like I did something
girl I'm break Noah's whore I never
broke no one's heart you know what God
is in - you broke my heart right in that
man are you believing all right this one
says this sounds better if you play it
at one point to 5x you know what I'm
gonna try that out right now for the
whole song while I react to it but I
love the pace that it's at right now
like a chill calm pace come by let's see
how it looks with 1.25 just slow faster
well this sounds actually built but it's
little faster okay
okay she's wrapping okay I got so far
the song is really great I love her
voice I'm gonna did amazing on the
singing even did good at the rapping but
I feel like if she would have got
another artist to do the rapping in the
song it would have been crazy dope
because of what it gave me that mix you
know what I'm saying maybe you could
have got the guy who's been making you
get all these feelings to do a little
rap freestyle in the song you know I'm
saying
damn man yo my heart is broken for her
like why was no one sitting we're here
on that dick Leona you all sit down
Gloucester I got you I'll sit down but
like damn yo this just made me feel bad
like it just melted my heart I feel like
she's going through a lot with this
music video and especially with the
lyric I hope you're okay and you're not
sad you know like I want you to be happy
do remember around a month or two ago
when we met up in Dubai
me you mow my shit literally all of us
we ended up going on livestream playing
for night for the first time and I
remember me and you had a talk and you
were telling me how you loved you know
writing lyrics because it comes out of
yourself you know your own emotion but
this is legit like what are you saying
is legit because you you confirmed it
with me like I'm just making up lyrics
and try to make it sound dope you're
just spitting facts and it's already
sounding dope so Ilana a great job I
like this music video I like the song
keep it up keep doing you keep hustle
and keep grinding and if you don't want
to tell anyone the public what the heck
why not I want to know because
apparently goddess angel is trying to
blame me Jane I did something girl yes
to do me yang this is the end of this
video I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did make sure you guys give it a
giant thumbs up and go Turkey thank you
guys so much for your love and support I
will see you guys tomorrow with another
daily vlog adieu me gang take care and
peace I love you now I'm heading off to
LA
