hey guys what's up good morning I hope
you all are doing well I am and Uganda
right now I am about to go meet up with
the orphan kids and everything and I met
them yesterday but we only only met them
for like 5-10 minutes because was at
nighttime and it was an amazing time I
only got to know each other's names
stuff like that but I'm going right now
I want to get to know more about them I
want us to hang out chill I want to give
them the best day they've ever had so
they can want me back or something like
that so hopefully it turns out well and
let's see how this goes but as I said I
got a girl for you ooh
her name is Rima and how do you look
your six yeah you're fine six he'll do
seven I'm in a seven year old you get it
over with you do that row get a beard
like this how do you do some kind of
joke ha you like me what's my name
what's my name
no my name what's my money no money you
got it Oh me you got it hurt
this orphanage called ghrelin there's a
mosque here is amazing about to go play
Omaha a few just playing for down right
now but we're gonna play a drum and a
few we just finished playing on swings
it's so hot I cannot wait for you guys
see this project that I'm doing and yeah
so exciting hey good luck what you doing
son what you doing
he's so cute oh my god Faraz come give
me a hug but I like friends Roger how's
the belly dance teacher liability since
you know what's filling this no
told us
yeah
where you going at them huh there again
rather go play in the mosque we just
want to we do like I have to get them
lesson like a class lesson I wanted to
get to know them and get to know them
over yesterday I just met them and knew
their names the pages but today I want
to know more about them so I know a lot
about them now who is the best student
for you they're all they're all right
they all have something really good
about my projection
he beat me anything I didn't notice I
just saw the trick answer but I want
great Haeju my
you wanna come with me to New York yeah
giving away these glasses someone from
the Lumia give me this so I may give it
to one of them here so they can have you
know something memory foam the doom
again so let me give it to Ahmed because
you want to be doctor he said he wants
to be duck so I got make look like a
doctor
ready dr. Ahmed Ali welcome
you got your doctor's degree now say you
check your post
Adam are you loving this I'm loving the
voices amazing voices we are about to
film a story's foot yeah like what we
want to know is what the kids some of
these kids they don't even know why they
hate it's like all the ones do but like
they're the little ones they just do
that no you would ask them let them say
their stories of like that it's gonna be
touching and I've already heard some of
them and it's just crazy unbelievable
and I'm just happy to be here and just
to laugh with them hang out with them I
just want to leave from here and they
are two with seven remembering Who I am
next time I come back I want you to be
like Adam hey you know what this week
signs like someone comes over so always
you experience right here I mean Africa
your first time in Uganda
it's an amazing amazing experience and
I'm so happy that I did it I'm just so
um yeah I'm just so excited to be here
it's it's a blessing for me to be able
to go with them
and I really hope I can maybe my future
take one of them to New York with me and
see their reaction see their how would
they feel if I take me to New York with
me and hanging out with them let them
eat my mom let them eat my dad mom loves
them and hopefully each other one day
thanks for loving the kiss anytime that
you guys all loving everything happening
games that I guess was time to wrap up
this vlog hope you all enjoy this life
it did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey if you're enjoying these
vlogs in Africa it is a blessing once
again I should say thank you a lot for
everything for making me go this far to
achieving my dreams my one of my dreams
was to visit orphanage and it made me
feel so good like my stress was just
gone
everything was just positive so far
amazing and I really want I'm doing this
again tomorrow I'm gonna hang out them
again tomorrow but then I'm leaving
after that but I'm definitely gonna come
back and do this again so it's so
exciting and I really hope you guys
enjoy some of the stories I shared one
of them on Instagram I believe and I'm
gonna be sharing more of their stories
it's so touching I just want you guys to
know their stories because it's so
different and you guys need to know a
lot of people need to know what they go
through what they do on a daily basis so
has just been crazy and everything so I
really hope you guys do enjoy it and
look forward to the projects that I am
doing here I'm doing one something and
another it's like I'm basically
interviewing some of them and they're
telling me that or their stories and
stuff like that those are the two
projects that I'm doing so I hope you
guys are looking forward to it and if
you guys do wanna donate 100% of the
money is going straight to the kids you
guys doing a donate to them or anything
make sure you go and the link down below
donate whatever you want anything will
make a difference something like I don't
know if you donate some type of
something it gets to feed like one whole
kit for the whole month so and it's
really cheap here so if we donate
anything it makes a difference to them
so yeah so I'm gonna say I really hope
you guys support them and show them a
lot of love because when I met them
trust me it's just they're amazing
people and I'm not just saying that
because I'm with them and I'm like oh my
God look I'm hearing an orphanage
they're amazing kids that made me smile
was just an amazing time something I
will never ever forget so thank you all
so much I will see you guys tomorrow and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care we're doing we're doing belly
dancing and Uganda tomorrow so I'll see
you guys from I already said it okay I
said it okay I said I'll see you guys
tomorrow keep smiling
I love you
