yeah bummer so maybe we'd have enough
people for Mindy sir maybe yeah quit
what's up I'm here with Marcin and and
whoo yeah
Rima what okay sit down sit down sup
you're hyper
how are you I haven't asked you a lot of
questions this for so long like you've
been on a summer vacation Rima huh
what did you do in school today show me
that what is that a ladybug with what
let me see it
it's a ladybug with your face on it
you're a ladybug
you like ladybugs yeah what about you
messing why have you been why have you
been a crybaby lately missing has been a
really crybaby take that I hate when you
have that roach well Marcin has started
to look so much like Rima like it's
crazy changing you know what are you
doing you're fixing a ladybug rip it
mister garbage okay why is ripped
I mean throw go I'm a dog are the dream
okay what you worked hard but still I'm
garbage okay I have to mustn't do men
throw a garbage yes or no yes he said
yes he said yes he said yes yeah see
look he's a he's on that see say yes no
yes okay oh yeah that's good
Lucky's in my room okay you can't pick
him up you can't pick him up River let
me see you try try to pick him up huh I
remember the description list I can you
put it on put it now put in that but no
but no no selects it - he's like so
let's go ask Stan okay let's go on and
see you walk okay take a walk let's go
let's go cries cuz you're my left watch
this happen
watch this when I leave right yeah you
see my dad okay go ahead and go out well
for like five seconds it he's gonna go
out watch this
Muhsin loves my dad so much
like is he a quail to watch the watch
question see he loves him so much they
hang out like literally 24/7 my son
Muzzin huh such a crybaby huh say yeah
I'm kicking out Amara I'm doing some
some other brother stuff kick gamo get
out
see you knew I could go but it does
hey guys what's up right now we are just
finished eating and we just wrote down
the surprises that we have few glass TAS
sake so we're gonna be letting you guys
know all the surprise is one by one
little by little and I'm so excited for
it because 2015 - all love will be a
crazy crazy yeah should we say first of
all first of all we're sorry that we
didn't get split up like videos recently
no no no every Saturday now let me
finish okay so you can either probably
yet it was very cold and dirtiest we
can't even hold a drink in the cold who
said that like 20 times
we were like sharing you know yeah well
we have people tweeting like go away
yeah we uploaded one last Saturday were
uploading one today Saturday and the
next acts every Saturday at 3 p.m. so
get ready trolls give me a lot of crazy
videos hopefully she'll that ok we have
diamond girl coming out first every
single it's coming out tomorrow I see
the museum i preorder yeah so make sure
you guys preorder it and I'm not even
gonna say enough because kind of got
leaked I don't know some website leaked
the backs in it and
you guys John so you guys still hurt it
then I guess hope you guys still do
pre-order and stuff like that
I'm a third May 3rd the song will come
out officially on iTunes and May 10 the
music video will be out I know something
new but I promise you guys it's fire so
yeah I'm so so excited for weird I'm
your girl and I'm just so excited for
like to perform a few guys if you guys
see it I really hope you guys do like
yeah I think I think it's something cool
girls completed by me move my hand you
move your head soon I move my hand she's
like this diamond girl fine yeah but we
have a lot more surprises and yeah we'll
keep you guys updated everything thank
you so much teammate yeah your haircut
is the same thing like this is the
barber barber so what do you want today
Sheik me home just make me like a
toothpaste or something I got you Crest
toothpaste hi Barbara
so would you like for your hair today I
don't just give me anything you ate this
morning
Barbara say no more noodle we get it
right now no one right now you know one
look so right now we're doing the
whisper challenge is better than you she
get here a because she's up right now
and let's begin
you make the best use my favorite Jam
thank you okay pack is make the best
child
Palestine is your favorite country pakis
makes the best gyro thank you do better
than Bengalis you would never say that
or about that but see you see that no
didn't think I don't even know what
you're saying right now I'm sorry he
sees you side you say it again
yeah yeah no pakis make the best Charles
Maggie's love gyros ooh close okay
package make the best Jarrell package
make better gyros it's completely untrue
no here's a cool not my words though
make the best gyros make the
gyro very weather hard please stop doing
that
I got hippos in my ears and water on my
hand
One Direction is my favourite band I
want my floor to smell like more like 40
I want his vengeance smell like he's
away at boarding school
thank you sir I'd yourself huh no it's
gonna add oh oh my damn I love a koala
what I look like a koala you look like
it's not exactly no but I know she looks
like a koala
apparently she looks like a koala bear
no what we said or your your your
eyebrows with my calculators my brother
on fleek no no I go you're a beard look
like your beard looks like you're some
IRA your beard looks like Osama bin
lines what your beard looks like Osama
Bin Ladin's my beard of things all right
your beard looks like Osama bin Laden's
brother Fahad looks like your dad looks
like your dad she says brother my dad
dad you look like a movie cheetah
doesn't count you look like a Pakistani
cheetah math teacher no no you look like
a Pakistani cheetah you know you look
like a Pakistani cheese
loser yeah you look like a Pakistani
cheetah I look like boy
Maggie's Danny cheetah wait what
I'm Pakistani cheetah chicken chichi
does he look like a Pakistan cheetah
you look like a Pakistani cheetah I look
like a ha he's Danny Pakistani cheetah
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog
hope you all enjoy this vlog if you did
make sure you give a like a thumbs up
and go turkey eyes are doing no intro
because yesterday's vlog didn't want to
upload so we have Flag on Saturday today
instead of yesterday so sorry about that
YouTube who's given us a lot of issues
with the processing but hamdullah it is
working right now in the new video is
finally up or will be up around 3 p.m.
if you're watching this right now at 2 1
2 p.m. Eastern Time make sure you guys
go on you now are you know calm such
true story a say I will be on your now
countdown until the new video of me
getting pranked and Sharla
it all goes well than that I'll see you
guys tomorrow with another Asin vlogs
and hope you guys do watch the new video
the link will be down below go give it a
huge thumbs up for the people who
pranked me because I feel I still feel
so bad till this day so go show a lot of
love to I'm not gonna go read the
comments because I know it's gonna be a
lot of hate comments and stuff like that
but uh now see you guys soon take care
of team arrow or do me gang I love you
guys so so much peace I like you a lot
I'll fight for you baby
