hey guys what's up for do me yeah I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
I do me yeah this is my last few hours
here in Miami I'm heading to LA for the
weekend for sneaker con and as I told
you guys aren't going hard this sneaker
con we're taking W believe my team is me
slim I'm ed hua ji Chi is armed
as of now that's that's what I know but
I don't know who else but it's literally
us like you know I'm saying the Middle
Eastern squad matter of fact it's not
even about the Middle East and squad is
about all of us knowing each other and
we've been friends for like years and
year and it's all because of you two
before is it for YouTube we wouldn't
have known each other so huge shout out
to YouTube but it do McGee I've just
packed my stuff something that I really
hate to do we're gonna head to the
airport in a few and I have around a
five to six hour flight to LA I'm gonna
spend it alone oh my god I don't want to
be alone guys I came to say bye to the
kids they're in the pool and it's like
raining like what eggs we can't okay
okay Michael Phelps Jo Jo Jo these dudes
man they love showing me their skills
and stuff handstand
what the heck yeah I've been learning
like who's been teaching you that guys
I'm leaving Miami yeah right now like
I'm going to LA and I would love to give
you guys hugs but you guys are like what
oh yeah I don't really know if I want to
give you guys hug give me a hug please
please me yo I'm going to the airport I
might see people come on don't you guys
are what stop okay yeah yeah yeah then
I'll give you real Huggies all right it
doesn't matter feel like I miss you so
so much
what huh so it's a cold tub guys also
I'm having a big basketball game I
believe on Sunday for sneakin I don't
know if it's Saturday or Sunday or
Saturday and Sunday it's gonna be me and
a lot other people yeah thank you
what I got you I'm gonna win not problem
I got you go boys and girls what do you
guys okay fish see you guys oh my god
I'm ready what okay okay oh my gosh I've
been doing it to hug you man you're
doing it just to get me wet like bro do
me getting I just got to LA feel so so
tired like with six hours long from
Miami and the time zone here is three
hours before so right now for me it
feels like it's like 1:00 a.m. I miss my
family already but I do me getting I'm
only staying here for one night and then
tomorrow I believe we're all staying
together the whole sneaker con squad and
I cannot cannot wait also do me yet this
is kind of weird but I want to show you
guys something as you guys know the new
song of digit College with Justin Bieber
chance the rapper Cueva was called
no-brainer my sister sent me a text when
she was playing the song no-brainer by
DJ Khaled and then after that she played
a song Instagram famous my song was Zach
night and she was like it sounds so
similar I don't really know if I can put
the no-brainer song in my video because
of copyright but I want you guys to
listen to Instagram famous first right
here I love you like an image say become
a better back of MySpace
Gabe and Matt a backer today
like it's like a famous topic around
back my favor can you tell us a no-no
comes in like it the crane I seen you on
the phone to no-brainer it is not gonna
be played in my video because I don't
know I'm selling well you get copyright
you know I trying to get my freaking
YouTube channel deleted like what Haley
did pump which I will still be getting
her real soon yes let me know in the
comments below
does it sound similar or is it just me
sounds a little different but in a way
sounds really similar especially the
chorus of the song no brainer the chorus
of Instagram famous yeah I love you yeah
famous and I want it no brainer
something like that I don't know it's
like kind of similar but let me know in
the comments below what you guys think
and do me hang up and waiting for this
day for so so long I can upload this
video that was deleted around five years
ago and this video is my mom's favorite
video it's my dad's favorite video it's
my aunts favorite video my aunt who's a
hater and me all my uncle's favorite
video it's dedicated to the old younger
actually mean old but I'm just saying
young so they could feel young get over
saying but a lot of older people love
this video because it's a lot about my
culture Yemen my country if you guys do
not know anything about Yemen or
anything about the culture in the next
five to six minutes you guys will know
everything I also want to do a big big
campaign for Yemen real real soon like a
really huge one the Yemen I promise you
guys I will do that for you guys cuz I
always want to give back I've always get
back to Pakistan India
Syria Palestine Africa Uganda and many
many more in Yemen I promise you guys
I'm gonna make it real really huge so
just give me some time but for now enjoy
this video this was years ago so the
quality isn't gonna be as good but he
always deleted I found it somewhere it
has a couple writings on it's like an
olden day back young Adam video so it's
like really wrong organic natural so I
really hope you guys enjoy it also leave
a comment below about your culture and
write one sentence telling me about your
culture and also I'm still giving out
five backstage tickets for each city in
the UK tour I'm still reading your
messages just so that I'm still looking
after you guys and I'm still trying to
decide so I love you guys and enjoy the
video that was deleted like five years
ago love so if you guys do not know I'm
from Yemen I'm Yemeni most of you guys
probably don't know that much about the
Yemeni culture you probably just know a
little bit because of your local deli
grocery store but there's a lot to the
Yemeni culture it's very
very very unique and very cultural let's
start off with Yemeni food number one
food for how many people is a seed it's
kind of like mashed potatoes but it's
not like mashed potatoes it looks like a
volcano but it's not about keno it
tastes really good you guys have to try
it how many people especially many
parents hate it probably every single
day they eat it with murder he'll burn
so how my dad feels like gravy so
hopeless of spice and he'll ba is we'd
only have I see you also have salsa
sabaha size ohm Hanif about 99% of
Yemenis do not eat on tables we're too
cool for that we eat on the floor like
this I find it much more relaxing
because once you're done you could just
be like this Oh stretch just lay down
you can't do that a table yeah many
weddings 99.999999% of Yemeni weddings
are separate with men and woman hold up
don't think that's lame because it is it
actually think it's better because let's
be honest wearing a wedding with guys
and girls together it gets kind of
awkward and you can't be yourself and
you get so shy cuz if I respecting the
ladies and respecting yourself and come
on ladies you know you'd rather be in a
wedding with all women instead of mixed
with guys if I was in a mixed wedding
I'll be like this
but if I'm in a wedding with all guys
with all my homies you turn but the
bride and groom's still do see each
other it's just separate with you how
many people out of respect and the way I
just danced we don't really dance like
that we have a dance called better and
in this dance better we use this knife
it's called again via this is how it
looks so a few people want to show off
with your $300 Gucci belt Louie Vuitton
well us Yemenis have a Gambia and
believe it or not it costs a lot of
money they have any dance better it goes
a little something like this
usually the dumpee would be around here
but I don't have one because it's
probably illegal in America to have one
and you take out the knife and you hold
imagine they're gonna be is in my hand
we are the nicest people ever no like
seriously sometimes are really really
too nice that people take advantage of
us and we have a really great sense of
humor even though fee how many people's
all about being a man having respect for
everybody
we still crack a lot of jokes I mean
like a lot a lot of funny jokes and
you'll always have a good time with them
any person yeah many girls they're the
most caring the most sweetest woman ever
they're all so crazy in a good way
that's an indirect to my mom they show
so much love and loyalty
Yamini music we got a lot of cool yemeni
music we had the whole mean either daddy
and then yemeni weddings for the guy
side we always played the song
bismillah al Iowa the Iowa
nicotine I
a lot in my life
ah
I've been
this is what you would hearing and your
weddings on the ladies side this Mashaal
mom my hands wet hair do I hurt a man ah
hello aha
it's a nickname if named at you how many
people is a way of life here in America
fat is a drug but in Yemen about ninety
nine point nine nine nine nine nine nine
nine nine almost 100 percent of the
people do cats it's a plant that we chew
and and put on our cheeks and our cheeks
turn like so huge we do I usually after
lunch until method of time I don't
really do it but I like being there and
just chilling with everybody doing it I
like talking and seeing stories and
cracking funny jokes by everybody
sitting there chewing passengers chillin
it's a good way to be close with your
family and friends and own people do
class it is separated with men and women
in different rooms the ladies gonna have
their lady talk if the men can have
their men talk unless you're family you
can stay together and just show and have
fun and have a blast you have any people
usually where this is called a Fupa it's
like a long skirt but it's really
comfortable it's really easy to put on
it's like this look really really
comfortable language in Yemen is Arabic
but it's very different from all the
other Arab countries it sounds a little
like this assalamualaikum Covanta
woodsmoke Masha Allah smoke Adam time in
Yemen when women in a shared way Mashhad
muslim book if you understood what I
said write in the comments below what I
spent for girls when we talk to girls
let's say you trying to say I love you
to a girl you say and I bet you want to
say to guys and I back I see how many
people are really loving sweet caring we
show a lot of love and I'm not just
saying that because I'm Yemeni you
really are I would like to stay close
with that culture there's a lot of
beautiful cities in Yemen Sanaa I then
chose the mountains the roads are so
beautiful out of all the Arab countries
Yemen is one of the strict countries but
it's not strict in a bad way it's strict
in a real respectful way don't ever ask
um any person what's their mom's name
what's their sister's name I can't and I
will never ever say my mom's name in
public I can't even show her on camera
it's all about respect with the Yemeni
culture that's pretty much it
I'll probably miss a couple soft
feminine you're watching this leave
anything in the comments below that you
think I missed if you're not Yemeni even
the comments below what country you're
from and let me know how your culture is
it's good to know each other's cultures
I'm done with this video if you did
enjoy it make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey Matsuyama and peace I
love you
a man I love
