oh my god say what look what's the Wi-Fi
to this place
here what's popular do me gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy do me gang we
are back in Miami I couldn't really
handle it in Key West Florida too many
chickens around nodding a lot I was
probably one of the chicken because
there was literally like iguanas
alligator Panthers like yo I felt like I
was and money kick script without any
safety zona nothing you know what I'm
saying so me and a whole fam we dipped
here to Miami and we're staying at this
dope dope place it is beautiful
literally I've been traveling so much
hate playing shut the hell up I hate
when this happens
I'm going to LA for a few days because
I'm going for sneaker con there is
another big basketball game and I cannot
wait for that because la is always a
turn-up it's always a vibe the kids are
right there look like everyone say ever
what happened I can't hear you like even
hear enough a little hear but guys this
is the balcony it's beautiful look at
this wow it's gorgeous
Miami oh man I'm gonna miss Miami so so
much Rima I love you always give me my
heart say up I love you you're always
gonna be my heart Oh what the heck is
going on yo guys we just got in here and
look already there's a big mess and
there's only two kids only two of you
and there's already a big mess what is
this I remember those days man I'm your
luck I used to be like that and throw
everything out and just put it in the
side but y'all seriously man like maybe
you just got in here like 10 minutes ago
and there's already a big mess you
serious again they got slime again hands
I said that was the old me that was the
old Adam I'm not a mess no more message
to my future wife I promise you I'm not
like I don't make like a big my mom
always tells me that YouTube how you are
always messy messy messy I'm like yo
chill not messy I cannot be Ronaldo huh
that's corny all right then what can I
be anymore
come on G that was a good joke future
wife I promise I'm not a big mess
promise you I'm a changed man you know
I'm saying everything of mine is neat
and I'm not like a kid I promise look
look at that look at that you guys are
big mess then look at my stuff right
here just just good perfect and in the
preview so I teamed up with a new
meaning to displaying here you know for
the earth this is the do begins at how
many meters Franco Dan Bianca Xena giant
adjud so said it to them no arguing idea
so I had me put in a bin anything he's
not yeah he loves yeah yeah let's get
spring starting about to pretend that
his whole youtube channel disappeared
he's got to be barred number two again
well some of you think is better like a
trippy radical honor like X like a hex
kind of song like a month up Jim trippy
writer or xxx I don't know his music is
like Main Street okay his music will go
like it'll be copyright him drink talk
about trippy right I don't sometimes
it's good to have female brain coming in
no females I feel like her smart men are
just dumb
hello
Prabhu to help give a comment to saying
that but that will happen and some
my doubts work is against buzzing
what does even
Oh like that hey Walt look what's the
Wi-Fi to this place I'm using my service
say whoa look
say what no way no way with my home
yeah hello yeah
like it's my phone I don't have the
Wi-Fi no yeah I don't know to say I've
have it check its net say if you got my
phone or not you sure
say old yeah how do you - Brenda's our
pipeline
let me see info musical
buddy service God is your punishment
come on yogi tripped me up but YouTube
and remembers anymore are you - Hannah
please
honey what's the Wi-Fi yo what's the
Wi-Fi
let me have fun the media has pleased me
my wife I
what would the do come show me again
show me again maybe they trying to pull
a prank of you know the fans are full of
Ranga L promise they always try to pay
me like this well all of you do see one
let it don't bro me see yeah but that's
one account
daddy I'm telling everyone is coming to
you you'll give me the Wi-Fi please give
me a football I'm not joking give me a
Wi-Fi I need to know I don't want to
play I don't know me I'm tripping out
there probability of all you know
something good it's gonna be good
no I don't say Allah while we do Lima
Saba then for something bad and it's a
rap
was not phone where's my phone please
give up or she's losing my account
oh yeah she's my car I'm gonna go get it
she's coming off right here you two
under I know but she's coming up but
also to have nothing and no wife have no
service maybe service maybe second
living in freakin Yemen right now go
give me a phone you should give you my
phone I don't have I'll give my number
to call the ladies please
I love
five
go home
finished is that my phone so why did we
got it no I know about you
oh are you okay
and you almost gave me a heart attack
once what I got more you give me anxiety
seriously you made me take medicine
you know all right and how about to
everybody else you pray
yeah there is no nois
you guys know about the whole thing yeah
guessing about it was insane and do we
get how me so I wish do you tweet you
tweeted everyone to know I just I'm in
this group chat and we decide everyone
is treating this to me
yeah funny yo yeah but you can't get me
you we got you we got you no no I
finally got service don't act happy two
videos a channel where did all your
video your vids go what the hell what
the actual f your vlogs are gone
yo yak channel yet I did that first of
all outside you were hiding I guess
we'll see a my team stop with that what
the heck yeah well what the heck Helen
Bianca Dana and Gina dumped yeah well I
got a mini heart attack from this yep
this is the last thing that I want man I
love like my use of channels like my
baby man and like knowing that will like
breaking my heart like you know I worked
so hard on all these videos and imagine
having those like videos gone I was
literally about to cry I was not crying
how was that cry I was just like like
you know sad they're not crying
Jaime I promise you even if I'm gonna
get you back in like a year or two I'll
promise you have your fun right now have
your smiles have your laughs that's
amazing haha
enjoy enjoy enjoy I like that I like to
enjoy everything you're doing this of it
because the pants you did today and
yesterday maybe sit they're good they
were good compared to what I'm about to
do is gonna be trashing on saying I lose
all right you did right what I'm about
to do is go me wild and a do me gang I
don't know why
heck you guys even I don't know how that
why how the hell did you get in line did
you start realizing that she's hiding it
like yo Luke they like me better with
just did they don't they like me come on
come on they came up with the idea
though how do you like me better know
that what to prank you also so you
blaming on them no not was my idea
almost do me a you know say she's
blaming no do belly so now you guys
gotta cut you you know week October like
I do reply reply almost every single day
on Twitter I reply all who applies more
guys please leave that in the comments
please hey how do you 1313 you're like
freakin 10 years old well I got a head
every day I got a record every day I've
been doing a lot we talk about things i
doing okay cuz i have no choice you said
no you don't wanna do it yeah I can't
believe it I made a fool out of myself
but seriously do me yeah I'm letting you
guys know right now that can't be doing
me like this man we on the same team
come on you're serious all I see is
hundreds and hundreds of tweets of
people telling me my frickin like
channel got like deleted of my videos
got gone like that's like that's like my
life gone like all my memories and
everything has just gone on my family
and I look like a completely oh come on
man I'm just having a bad day but now I
have to upload this it's all good in the
hood because I promised you guys karma
is a beach in Miami in Miami Beach huh
what is it
like I don't even know what you said why
are you talking with the food to your
mouth when I haven't done my prank were
you talking all that crap
Johanna hey what are you wait telling
these kids huh
we telling these kids first of all
swallow your food before you talk you
and say F and second of all go ahead you
can be on high esteem you can what just
know Allah if you end up being a scaredy
cat being the chicken like in Key West
Bay but don't do it don't do it
Rima give my hat
give me my hat yep 10 seconds 9 8 7 6
are you serious Remo you seriously
joking that's it Mina Rima haha we're
done
why'd you throw my hat what am I
freaking spider-man I guess just go down
and get a highlight you know what you
guys are going back to New York tomorrow
I'm gonna wait you guys oh oh the
frickin rules I woke up because I went
back to sleep I didn't listen
and that's why I woke you up you should
thank me I woke you up so we can come
here to Miami and you guys playing it
leave don't my freaking hat go on hind
aside you know what this is war anyway
okay I like that that's cool just know
I'm my own boss too and do me Ganga's
with me even though they kind of got me
today they're on my side when I could
just get it you Wow you said you're the
one who said throw it throw it throw it
throw it
seven seven yeah okay a guilty face
guilty face huh no what you guys hey
easy team handling right there I'm proud
of us I'm flattered was I told that we
did it oh my god hahaha Adam it was from
Frankie Adam thanks for being with us
who love you do me yank I had an amazing
day with my family I did not bring my
flock hammer out it was charging I don't
know if you got seeing on my Twitter me
and Hayley were going I didn't and I
posted this thing on Instagram where I
had sad days in Miami and everyone's
like what the heck why is your heart
broken which girl broke your heart and
I'm like yo I don't I don't have any
girl to break my heart leave with that I
was just having a bad day because my hat
I could have find it downstairs and I
loved that house one of my favorite hat
Hayley was about the freakin pop me with
a watermelon and if you guys seen on
Twitter that tweet was not me me and
Hayley made a deal I have to tweet that
and give her a shout-out so she won't
pop the watermelon on me I mean she
starts seeing like with that actually
probably gonna do that minute I was like
yo I'm gonna Rishta and I wasn't trying
to be a snitch and you know like tell
her mama nothing like that like
yesterday but it's all good at the heart
of doobie gang I'm heading to LA
tomorrow for a few days and then I'm
back here to Miami and then after that
I'm back to New York City then after New
York City is that you can't tour I
cannot cannot wait I'm gonna be active
really active during the UK tour in
every single city Leicester Birmingham
London Sheffield new cat
so Edinburgh Glasgow Bradford Manchester
I cannot wait to see you guys is about
to be super super dull a lot of the
backstage and VIP tickets are sold out
but I want to give more of you guys a
chance come through a backstage and get
that VIP experience I'm giving away five
tickets for each city in the UK all you
got to do is let me know in any one of
my social medias and let me know which
city and you have to give me like give
me a reason I don't want to just you
know give my backstage tickets to anyone
my god another play
that's Emirates you go to the box take
me take me
say Arriba as usual being I'm gonna miss
you guys you guys doing what tweet me
comment on YouTube Instagram hit me up
and I'll be giving away five tickets for
each city getting me so so dope even if
you guys get staying there tickets I
promise you guys it's gonna be an
amazing amazing show we turn it up and
having fun that's the most thing about
it we're gonna have a great great time
Adam eats calm and this vlog here
do me a cuz I got our early early flight
tomorrow gotta edit there's so much
things to do and I got a freaking
practice sneak on I got a play bull
because you know I'm mad at myself I
took the elements family charity event
it's all good in the hood cuz the do me
game we always win at the end of the day
I believe sneak on is gonna be literally
like the Middle Eastern squad so I'm
competitive or not being extra
competitive in this one the good thing
is we all know each other in the ace
family event literally like I didn't
know much of the other people we never
play basketball with each other so we
don't really know how like you know each
other play for this one sneaker con it's
gonna be an amazing amazing game there's
gonna be a lot of competitors you know
broad it's so many other team but I
heard it's gonna get really competitive
so I cannot kid out wait it do me if you
guys enjoyed this video make sure you
guys give it a giant giant thumbs up
yeah I'm loving this background made
like this I'm loving this like imagine
like living here and just yo this is
beautiful you're beautiful other than
the sound of airplanes and the sound of
the train and the sound of motorcycles
do me gang do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace where's my hat we miss you hat
love you guys
taking a peace
hey man I love early
