you always talk to me you know you
always told me anything either it's
always bothering someone's bothering you
hey guys what's up you're dooming gang I
hope y'all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day dumi gang we
are in Key West Florida it is literally
like 90 miles above Cuba I've never been
here but the road to get here from Miami
was literally 1 Highway in the middle of
the ocean 3 hours straight here and we
finally made and this is how it looks
but right now we're about to go to a
beach called the fort zachary beach is
like the main beach in Key West I'm just
ready to explore going on Adams
adventure this is our hotel so let's
head there do me and let's turn it up
let's see our next shot guys look random
freaking like roosters and chickens
that's one of the things I heard about
the city key why they have random
freaking roosters and stuff and it looks
so dope like very scared of it or no
let's go see it look at it swim not that
fly oh look this is crazy hi want to get
you on my vlog rooster no no don't don't
leave me happy we don't don't know hi
yes Liz you hiding from me man I'm sorry
I'm sorry I just never really met anyone
like you
guys look while we're driving there's
like roosters and chickens over here the
lake for trying to cross the street
homies
I know y'all trying to gang up on me
beat me up but like y'all need to chill
we trying to cross the street drive
drive drive
rooster you're not looking be careful
and the cause but be careful damn they
all want the so many of them bro oh my
god I'm in the territory yo my dude is
buggin chill hi guys we just got to the
beach just Beach is literally as South
as it can be in America and I heard it's
like an amazing amazing Beach and it's
kind of really big look this is it the
only scary thing is there's no
lifeguards at all and there's signs
everywhere Saints like be careful swim
at your own risk
right here no lifeguard on duty swim at
your own risk and the beach is right
there I just got to the tip of the beach
and seriously it is like the water is
just crystal clear but don't think about
the negatives in life think about how
these rocks are created man look at this
this holes in a rock it looks like Swiss
cheese now you can just eat it
eagles poop on this
Wow guys like that big boat oh my god
it's like the Titanic it do me getting I
know it's summertime stuff you guys ever
go to the beach make sure pictures yo
look at this do me do me angers in Key
West Florida hi guys the beach is
amazing buying a last so so deep inside
there's like Beijing New York okay
yeah we're swimming together oh my god
always the rocks from the floors right -
yeah it's like little fish inside man I
don't have with that not scared oh
that's okay
I'm scared me on the bright side it do
mean yang is still kind of hi guys it
was not a good idea to go to this Beach
lost good for experience but the good
thing is we'll take a little picture
right here look there's like literally
just rocks little like holes in there
okay stand up on that one yo guys like
Arriba Wow yo she's literally the queen
in a world braver guys look since we're
90 miles from Cuba there's a place where
it's like literally a cultural Cuban but
I want to go inside and eat but I don't
know what the kids feel like about it do
you guys want any Cuban food
it's food from Cuba you know with Cuba
Cuba is a country like America you're in
America you know Yemen is another
country I just got back ready for Adam
to comment like five minutes and I've
been acting mad strange stimulate I told
him that my head hurts told him that I
feel kind of weird under the blue was
like he was just looking at me weirdly
himself like he thinks just something
like you know bothering me or something
I don't last I'm sure to pick me I got
you back and it backfired so let's see
this time Adam but to pretend I'm
possessed
I hope it alone I'm good okay okay you
sure Jake what it take someone headed
Haman I know what you want
hi in a song hey hey hey hey what's the
water you okay I don't know what it did
taste good it was room temperature it's
not cold
I'm just a little water cause I like it
God the lights put my phone in his stuff
yo
you good hmm you okay good head us up
try it let me try it try it
the floor is wet you scared me Wilma I
said I'm fine
you just came home others whose orders
have scare me it's not funny if you're
joking is not funny water please get
your pillow so I can dump so I can oh
hey hide it
Hey hello right Ronnie don't cry
what are you confusing me yogi what's
wrong is it something wrong we'll talk
to me about something you always talk to
me you know you always talk about
anything either
it's always bothering something's
bothering you know what's happening what
some things would be bad what does
everything okay no how did I tell me you
talk to me
hey let speak to me please hello this is
something personal
huh
highly violent behavior how'd you do it
across summer you recall the n-words
Haley Haley please stop you okay your
money okay it's Adam it's Adam
hey please animal stuff like this please
why do you mess around
I'll be back soon please who's who Holly
inhaler
leave me that oh my god
or God it's all yourself they're all
sleepy won't you knock mr. butter fine
okay if you sleep outside what hurt yeah
hello please I'm not mr. judoma
I told you the soldier I'm not gonna
mess with you nothing given mess with me
so many so I told you I'm breaking out
like it go in a blanket yes you wanted
to sleep outside sit beside sleep beside
hold on I don't need a blanket yeah
you sure close the door hi I feel bad
though just go back in please just sleep
see me I promise you I will get you back
to Heartland you shut up should I be
mean and get in the blanket
you caught me give me a second you don't
wanna come back in if you want to
I just have to do one more thing please
I just doing my thing please
doing my thing yes it's my camera come
on G sleepy she woke up she's outside
right now that's why I had to try to
come back in you end the vlog now I'm
not gonna end the vlog and outside it's
cool hide us other vlogs now it is Yuri
no I got a damn good you really know
he's kind of but her so I still take
care of his feelings so deep feelings
but keep putting her heads left me out I
think you like me out hey but I'm in
this bald piece low away guys and love
this prank give it a like you know
subscribe and peace love you out of his
butt hurt
