dumi gang I'm warning you guys right now
once I say the intro my whole family is
gonna come here and be super loud so I'm
just warning you guys before hey
dumi getting a few guys are having a bad
day I really hope this live brightens up
your day the homie Mustang he just got a
haircut today and he's looking like the
mini Drake look at him
keep that bone keep that bull let me see
that pose leave that mini Drake mini
Drake maybe Drake and we got the home
your hands in the building right I have
to save it up
we have Rafa Rafa the neighbors in a
crib what's up it was like what's up and
do me yeah and we got Rima what's up hey
you're the queen a queen Rima as I told
you guys the man Boston he is Minnie
Drake look at his bald bald head but not
the head he knows the Drake song get in
my feeling song you want to sing it
already
one two three go hey hey hey hey hey
Rafi you know do you know that song Oh
Kidz Bop give me a kiss pop song kids
get out the room you have got to get on
telling them a little secret
why no you can't then it's not a secret
I'm telling them a secret let me save
our secret in peace this is what I met
in the beginning of the blog like when I
start the blog they're gonna come in
here just mess with it look at them look
he just stayed like he just he wants the
camera in his face he know he knows that
all but the camera in his face if he
does this and he knows about tickling
he's gonna laugh hey I have a question
for you who do you love more marcin
ARIMA muslim mostly stopped working got
away mostly good who's the best you said
your Hamza turned my room into a trap
house man like literally turn my room
what do you guys do in Jena you're
involved in this in this - what are you
doing look at this all this mess on the
floor snacks
apples Ryan bananas a fork
what the heck
also I want to talk to you guys about
Jenna she was actually on a famous
Bollywood actors page you guys may know
her name what's her name Jenna and I
want you to tell them the story because
everyone was tweeting me like why the
heck is my neighbor Jenna on her story
on her Instagram story how'd you get on
her story we're working together one
time and they're on tour together so dad
gave her picture me and then she posted
a thing on our story that's crazy
that's wild you know Jacqueline
Fernandez that's so so dope Jenna let's
props
what's going on another PlayStation say
what love that's what you get your all
up yo them in here come here hey my GI
the hair line now finally let's go
upstairs calmly goosey Ali with today's
video it do me again I'm gonna show you
guys my brother's eight kicks his whole
sneaker collection I'm going upstairs
first to see Ali away from the kids over
here
like literally my floor my basement is
just chaos and I'm gonna go this chaos
you can follow me on twitter you can
follow me on Instagram you can follow me
on snapchat you can follow me on YouTube
and don't follow me to real life for it
oh no guys look I go upstairs and the
sleepyhead Ali is sleeping as usual he's
so cute oh my god bless videos about the
home eight kicks all to him I've been
waiting to do this video for months
maybe even years and today is the days
of tore my sneaker head saw my doom
again so the whole Adams family to all
my rotted eyes be ready T the homie
eight kicks just know that he is not a
youtuber so he genuinely is a sneaker
head ever since he was younger like
literally six seven years old all he
wanted was sneakers so he literally has
a sneaker collection without you even
being youtuber we're just kind of dope
so I feel blessed to have him in my
video actually is my brother so I feel
blessed to have him you know to be
showing this sneaker collection in this
video let's do it guys we're here with
the one and only hey Kix my older
brother from the same mother what's up
there he knows I can't believe like yo
remember we were younger man like and
you're like the biggest sneaker head and
used to cop like every single
yeah and she's got all kind of Snickers
I still work bust my butt work is just
about snicker saying like a hundred two
hundred I'll just to my piss niggas damn
you crazy do you ever think of it now
like was that kind of dumb or like nah
so it's a great investment you just sell
it you could wear it enjoy your demeanor
I don't want to sell them I just you
just like having it I just like having a
collection I invited them I noticed
especially when you were younger you
would always keep it clean and with me
what what do i do my sneakers I'm
wearing mine just like that and then you
can see his like super light yeah okay
these I wasn't maybe like 10 times they
still brainer yeah so yeah he goes by
the name of Abe kicks are we allowed
like I'm still in the process buying
those containers so I put them inside
but mostly I keep things on the box for
now another question who's your favorite
like on YouTube your favorite sneaker
head or favorite someone that like you
like like I don't know some nice guys
yeah kind so more and to Jacob can we go
on let's go welcome I'm also sick of my
shoes this is a kicks clouds hi you take
over your take it overnight ready
alright let's do it
wow you got so much look at this huh
love it I just wanna see like sneakers
here here here here this is like like
pro I want to go through like all of it
like what the free baby which one's it
is he's already Johnny 12 my favorite I
love the color it's hard to match but I
just love it is not wow this is a blue
velvet have even wore these I wear these
a few times like how was a few times
three or four times what what the Freak
legit like this is brand new row xi are
very very comfortable and I love this
color let's just say man these would
match me right now we wear the same size
we both have similar sneakers and we're
like the same size he just knows that
like if I wear these they're gonna look
like it's been through like World War 2
in through like his one is like look how
look I would need it is like wow you're
right crazy for them since I'm like in
fifth or sixth grade
which one's thirteenth I don't know I
don't really know the numbers I just go
by like wow
like I think we're like fifth or sixth
grade probably while ago years ago a
Fenian fan I was going crazy for them
how long have you had these sneakers
these DC came out again I had this for
like and how many times there were these
two times what yeah
so all these in the top or Jordans six
is seven five three well I've seen those
those that don't tell me don't tell me
the forest let me see the four deal they
look like posted grateful grateful
secret yeah I know my sneakers grateful
threes digit column in you watching me
up signs 9 or 8 and a half DJ calico if
you get want to get to men I'm right
here no sale yeah I got these Nike and
LeBron is no matter these are brand new
I haven't read them yet
look who's they look who's sneaking in
here what the heck what do ya before you
sneaking you have to sing the keke song
ok a lot of going you going ok another
question how many sneakers do you have
all together like just all together just
counter right now wanna comment just
count while he's counting I'm gonna have
a guess my guess is like I'm uh I'm
gonna say 50 what's your guess Muhsin
what's your guess the siphon a number 5
teen or 15 which one which one okay he
said 15 okay I got 44 44 what about you
what about you I used to have more but
like maybe like such a seven I gave them
I give them all out was getting small on
me maybe was damaged so so pretty much
so pretty much I was correct that was
like 50 like 50 sneakers and I'm saying
so how much would you say have you spent
out of all these sneakers it depends my
friend like Jordan Brent I buy them it
depends $300 and up yeah because I can't
I'm never lucky I can't get them for
retail we have to buy it for resale
therefore usually costs 200 buy buy them
like maybe three
three-fifty some of them like 700 like
this one this one you bought for me for
my birthday
Oh is he a Buddhist or anything
that's what Adam butter for me for my
birthday hey oh yeah I'm really easy
these are 11 sooo damn so many Elevens
is something plus tax at Como came out
of almost $700 how many times have you
wore them but he's calculating right now
how much he spent and he got a like
break you down he got to do all the
Jordans first and then the Yeezys then
he's gonna add it up cuz I'm really
curious to know like its it must be like
thousands and thousands and if you think
of it like sneakers that's pretty wild
man and he's still trying to get more
kicks just Jordans see around like
10,000 so we got here more ease ease
ease here what are those
don't tell me these these are Yeezys
what this is fufu comfortable what the
heck is that basses mean it read it bro
what the heck is this see I got I got
this looks like like a swine one I got
black one to get this gray one
this looks like you're I'm rich my
parents will sue you Shu like what the
heck so these are considered easy what
the heck these the blushes have you seen
the bar like oh yeah I seen these yeah I
like these Oh black fire Wow
fine yo guys fun fact when we were
younger like 10-15 years ago I still
low-key go to like aids room taupe but
business booming so good so good I used
to go to his room and like take one of
his sneakers and wear it and go outside
so I could like show it off for
something he's to catch me and me nice
again some fights man for the shoes man
and it was over the conference all up I
saw actually I swear she texted no don't
mess up I'm not doing on purpose I'm
just I'm just a freak neat freak I know
I know I know how do I feel feels you
yeah sorry in LA you Muslim just took
one right now um hey hey not me not me
brothers I got seelix you got to see so
much sneakers we haven't seen Bob why
would you buy it I have one here I want
to keep them fresh I know damn well the
easies are gonna be like so for it so
for expresses these one these are I out
I really want to buy a second pair what
why don't why don't you why would my
second pair like okay well that's it
okay one two rather light weather almost
every day and one of them just to keep
it fresh when I go out go to the movies
but it's not comfortable just
comfortable the way looks like the sound
this is was like grandpa shoes yo I got
the same as hell of it why do you have
two of the zebras I have one two that's
three I never wore them so Brandon
what's the single where what the hell's
this I wearing trash do whatever I want
when I get sick at IG just take out I
don't I don't get like I haven't already
boots an Ableton yeah like these are
good I'm still I'm still playing to buy
more yeah I noticed you filtered out so
many of like your sneakers just to make
it like the best of the best you know
but now I'm focus just just fine the
heat the fire joint yeah the nice stuff
I don't to buy just you see like for
example you see the Elevens yeah maybe
like 7 or 6 colors yeah I don't want
that yeah yeah sure
just want to buy the fire ones the ones
us the ones that's like really really
popular stuff like you're right I'm
gonna give estimate probably like the
easies now like probably 20 grand and
then 10 that's what I think and feel
good 30 so maybe Easy's just 15 and then
10 here $25,000 and it's like the
sneakers that you got he doesn't even
like literally try it like he's just
being him if he tried I'm telling you I
know how my brother is if he tries it'll
be like insane but yo chill man like
this is too much sneakers man we're
going to drown in sneakers in here like
what else you got clothes - I notice
you're into a lot of like fashion same
way as me that's another thing on
someone this looks like a bottle looks
like I buy I got this on sale summertime
that's how much is on sir it was regular
price on 400 what bag and I got some
track suit so via DDoS Nike well you got
a sick collection indeed us Tommy
Hilfiger bathing me but yes that summer
my brother's a sneaker collection in his
collection that he has yo seriously
props
eight kicks man makes you guys check out
eight kicks do be gay don't forget it's
always gonna like a giant thumbs up do
not forget to subscribe as I told you
guys earlier in the vlog I had a secret
to tell as I told you guys yesterday
we're doing something spontaneous I am
actually going on a road trip with my
family I was only like three to four
members of my family and all of my
sisters is going to be an Adam and
sister road trip and it's gonna be so so
amazing because I'm going to be more
active on Instagram on snapchat Twitter
I've been doing serum labs I'm gonna get
to talk to you guys we're gonna get to
vlog more for you guys because I'm gonna
be in the car so I could get to connect
with you guys and I'm also gonna be with
my sisters and they never really went on
a trip like that so I'm so happy to be
taking them and going to be having a lot
of fun and explore and all of the East
Coast's we're gonna be having a road
trip from New York City to Washington DC
than Washington DC always Virginia and
then North Carolina and then Orlando and
then Miami
I cannot cannot wait make sure you guys
follow me on my Instagram Adam Saleh and
my twitter OMG
Adam Saleh to stay updated with
everything date to the doing game it's
about to get wild it's about to get
crazy and I cannot wait I'm ending this
vlog here if you guys enjoyed the vlog
of doing yeah it makes you guys give it
a giant thumbs up I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace I love you right
