music video go check it out the link is
down below make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey Rima where you
been at huh I said well you've been at I
didn't speak about my phone what did
they tell you at the dentist did they
take your teeth off huh
give you a checkup
alright so it's gonna be a serious
question for you guys alright well this
is the decision that the dentist made
they said to remove her four front teeth
in the front now or to or not to remove
and just to let it go out naturally like
let it like like I don't know it's gonna
get is gonna get off naturally by itself
but it kind of looks weird it's like
that decision was to take off all for
them now but my mother's decision was to
keep it there cuz she doesn't want her
to go through you know any pain or
anything like that but I think it looks
really really weird like that so you
guys tell us in the comments below
should she removed the four teeth in the
front
she'll be cuter that way or should you
just wait it out until she's older like
around six or seven so you guys let us
know in the comments below and I'll show
my mom and I tell what what what
decision teammates say came up with Rima
what decision do you want get up do you
want to remove all your teeth no why is
what I'm not gonna dime you mind thank
you you're not so if you guys don't have
these cool kind of leopard cheetah what
are you doing
while using my deodorant we won you're
my daughter why isn't my daughter like
that this is for men okay you need bunny
teeth no I'm with moss in right now say
hi I have to see I haven't no what's
called I went out with him for a little
bit like this but was kind of raining
and he loves it so much oh my god I feel
so cool I gotta have to carry him or
anybody I should carry like all the
babies like this just walk around just
shown just be like ay ay ay ay mother's
dad huh
he's having fun mommy is having fun Oh
you burped the less Angela huh I mean
Remo just finished recording a
commercial for um for the UK and yeah I
went pretty well
yeah recording a commercial for
promoting our UK tour hopefully goes
great we have about two three weeks left
is gonna be one of the craziest tours I
already feel it had yeah I don't know
what you want to say any word is from
Rima
kitchen she said kitchen Rima says the
most random things ever what you most
excited excited about this tour what
what are you most excited about spiders
yeah you like spiders yeah I don't like
spiders potatoes alright this is
basically what she's gonna do on see you
guys gonna ask some questions we're
gonna ask you some questions and she's
just basically just gonna be cute so if
you guys want to come through meet me
Rima shake slim Karim the whole crew
there's gonna be an amazing time make
sure you guys get your tickets it is
half price right now for the for the
next 200 people will get them and for
our clothing and after two hundred
people then it's done
we just did it for the competition we're
doing another competition next week and
you guys do have a chance to come to New
York City and spend the whole day with
us so looking forward to that
good mcus give you guys kiss hi guys so
it's time to wrap up this vlog
Rema got me sweating that yeah let's do
this come I pick you up like this come
here let's bring it over bring it like
my dream is getting so big I came into
the hints in challengin okay look
straight you guys haven't checked out
our new music video make sure you guys
go check it out give it a thumbs up and
go Turkey it is gonna be out on iTunes
next week it is kind of late but because
it's processing on iTunes but the money
on iTunes will be going to a charity
fund so if you guys want to get on
iTunes next week get it if you want to
steal it on YouTube then steal that
magnet last ride got to take it on
YouTube but you wanna do get our iTunes
will be a charity it will be going to a
charity fund to an orphanage fund keep
refreshing it so yeah so we can watch it
as much times as you want let me know
let me know how many times you guys
watched it and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care I'm sorry peace hello you what
up guys so today I'm not gonna be going
I said I'm gonna be chilling out home
and I'm so super tired I still didn't
start packing you how to start packing
for Vegas I'm gonna probably do it
tomorrow tomorrow hugging do the laundry
and imma do the rest of this stuff
tomorrow I'm just a game you ready for
custome it's Pro caching I don't know I
don't know but yeah I'm gonna do
everything tomorrow I'm super excited
for videos and yeah looking forward
today
my name is Ida go buy a finder that's it
go find out why not show as long as my
room to hide I go find out go go go
bureau to find out she's mine
go you got no muscles muscles
you gotta let me see that let me see it
okay no no I'm seeing done right here
you got no guns right here see
oh you got six packs down yeah yeah six
bags I see you that see how about you
work out come if you work out come today
right there I think it's 20 pounds
oh no that's funny I go pick it up oh
come on this strong though you do a
phrase you didn't do it next door hey go
get him tiger
okay you can't beat up with one hand oh
oh I see I don't think they'll make it
in the vault no oh here we go
come again you do I know I know one
younger one here I'm a ported video be
part of math I know you know a real part
I need about to know he hasn't yet these
guys right
I see you walking on go go use about it
go of what nine ten negative 16
okay thumbs up in Gorani hope you guys
enjoyed I'm right now playing grand
theft auto 5 with Korean right now I'm
live with him right now but he went to a
pizza so mom break but yeah but where's
enjoyed that once again that's a wrap
peace
