The Addams Family the atom Sala family
so don't get mixed up will of Allah I
will tow you to the mountain
all right guys everybody stand up here
yeah everybody stand up here what are
you playing army high beam like this
we're gonna place Adam says all right
nope enough Adam didn't say this work
Adam this okay stopped working Ivan
gonna say the torque we're having
started the game guys look come over
here come over here myself put your
hands in the air which is like this Adam
says put your hands on the head
Adam says proteins in here Adam says put
your hands on your shoulder touch your
nose
Reimer lost I didn't say Adam says
Freeman Olema no you lost you lost every
month don't hit don't hit yourself
you lost okay let it take it like a big
girl Remo look you're gonna die like
that if you keep doing it look come on
yeah okay if you lose you lose okay yeah
yes
play a game okay it's gonna go something
like you guys ready for it yeah sure
yeah sure what is this thing out there
unless you all right say handle oh so
this if you press the button somebody
over you if you press the button
somebody over here just goes to sleep
and never wakes up do you want me to
press this by no why I don't know it
community me it could maybe be you a
comedian I can make me Rima give it a
press this yeah yeah you guys said it
you guys want me to present
okay I love you guys pass the test
recording a video you see it say what's
up to the camera
get up job say what's up homies hey guys
what's up hey guys doing City doing my
doing come on witness hey guys what's up
right now I'm in shakes hook I'm gonna
be having a sleepover in his house when
we went to pick him up from the tree
station we came like we were picking up
from there for we all keep me like
family you got a whole family pick up my
phone what the heck is going on
hi guys doing today I love his family
zombies beautiful to have an amazing
personality and they're always like they
always welcomed me so I love that about
this I'm so scared in that scary that
I'm scared his dad his dad once I ever
steam up all I did you never seen one
that was what he was walking one time
any ice on like a sonic but that is a
cool give me a pound even has really
good friends like what up mother mother
yeah when I see is that I was gonna be
like oh my god hi I got a changeup I got
a sink over headphones fix hat fix my
shirt fix my pants
you guys better know what shakes job was
before YouTube no please oh please I was
eight
he's to work in a gas station so a fun
fact about true story I say shake just
to be shaky should do this this was
shake before you you know just like gas
oh that's not nice didn't do it
yesterday good answer
this is fun fact he's to work in a gas
station nice to be a delivery boy before
YouTube I was the fastest delivery boy
in the whole Manhattan the whole
neighborhood yeah okay sass I swear to
God I was the fastest delivery boys to
have like eight bags on me literally and
deliver it to eight people hello hi
thank you for calling arrows Pizza sir
how can I help you
heats I don't want visitor okay cool
alright thank you very much madam 355
Ocean Parkway okay I should walk
I never took about ice to walk the road
I never ran like days of walking on
watch this I chipped
how you doing my friend know that love
didn't like me got scared
Oh Jim like do something they're not the
type of guy to do that I used to work in
those sandals so we're finally home and
it's like one o'clock you took like one
hour just looking for stuff so we
finally home I'm gonna knock out because
I sleep early but this guy he stays up
to like 5:00 6:00 in the morning I'm
gonna what are you doing I don't know he
you know what he didn't know he stays up
all night like in his pj's his pj's heat
are you a cheetah cheetah doesn't make
that noise what do they make they don't
go where no she does do not make that
noise look it up she is me turn around
cuz oh I get it on the road so what
annoys you do man go go where noise
Jesus yeah go be cheater enough you look
like one anyways go that's a dog no she
goes like this anymore passive in my
work you know each other I don't know
you know like a you know like a daisy
unquestionably have the data alkaloids
Mik
I know you're still awake why are you
still awake
wait a minute boo blog in the morning
and you stood away I come alive in the
night time oh you come alive nighttime
it's time to sleep tonight okay we still
like in the morning you went to sleep
and I know we're sleeping in the same
bed say oh so we're gonna sleep in the
same bed today but shape wants to sleep
together like our heads together I'm
thinking I should sleep on this side and
he should sleep on that side so it makes
me in his head here and it goes on my
head here and it goes down I'm gonna cut
your foot I don't like you you're not
gonna cuddle my foot yeah like this
maybe like this yeah don't cut my foot
you're not cut off man come on yeah
imagines the cheetah cuddle were all a
dis nice hi guys so it's time to wrap up
just log gives video a thumbs up and go
biryani
thank you guys always give out vlog that
thumbs up truly means a lot we're gonna
have his rent today my rent tomorrow and
a slim and a challenge video and we have
a new video on to story at six
we still need to get a little more
reaction so we're gonna let you guys
know when it's gonna be hell but then
you got so much all the love and support
team ASAP you guys tomorrow to another
ACA daily vlogs and that's a wrap
piece it's cool we just we just we just
ended it the same we just ended my new
is more rounded their minds like this
yeah this is manly mines is like giving
me kisses feels like it's alright no I
didn't like this idea peace goodnight
