no mistake he's gonna do things in your
life I left I left yeah
hey guys what's up doobie gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I am starting off
the vlog in the bathroom because usually
I always end the vlog in the bathroom by
thought instead let's start the vlog
with the bathroom I'm literally fixing
up my hair looking in the mirror right
now this is behind the scenes of the
vlog that no one sees like this this is
all vloggers go through
I put the freaking iron right here
today's kind of gonna be a really
serious video because as you guys know a
lot of people are talking about usage
fouseytube
obviously they're bringing me into it
saying I had on use of as an outright
you service going crazy
Yusuf has gone insane so today new me
getting into the world this is the hard
truth about 42 so me music we got
together to do our tour in Australia and
obviously us two together we were
killing it he was doing his motivational
speaking and then I went out there
killing it you know partying turning it
up performing my album chapter two so
that obviously says it was the first
thing that mean Yusuf worked with
together we started speaking to each
other like man like this we can make
this even bigger man all of our creative
thoughts and our genius ideas came out
and then obviously Yusuf came up with an
idea it was an idea for him but he
wanted me to help out as a brother and
as a brother I did help him I believed
in him and I do always help him because
he suffers from depression he suffers
from bipolar I'm always there for him
but a lot of people till this day as of
now they're like oh my god his crew is a
yes man everyone tells him yes I do not
tell him yes there's a lot of stuff
where I advised him he advises me we
tell each other you know a lot of stuff
what's not right to do what's wrong and
then after that it's on their own to
decide what they want to do because
their themselves and they can make their
own decisions
Gumi gank we just got to the beach we're
with the whole squad they started flying
it and everything it's been a crazy
crazy wild day we play some volleyball
as you guys know while I'm not vlogging
I'm always working out always stage but
you know saying put my future wife you
know I'm saying see the full coming soon
I'm gonna be very low we're here with
the squad they're all talking at once so
imma get ready for some Australia now
talking you guys in LA we did it baby
I'm gonna die in this block I pretty
much explained it like how like how it
started in Australia and how like it
developed what it is now and how like
all the other youtubers are trying to
say all your going crazy scares that
than your something in life when you
have a vision for something the reason
they tell you we some j.cole said if
they don't know your dream yeah then
they can shoot them down because the way
we are built as people if we announce
our dreams
human nature is set out to hate on them
so Jay Cole say protect your dreams he's
not saying don't tell the world your
dreams that's not how the universe works
he's saying you protect you if you
announce your dreams and your vision
you're announcing a reality they can't
conceive in their consciousness yet so
when I'm talking about a world that has
world peace they don't see it yeah I do
I see my home country free I see
Palestine in Israel sharing common land
I see Trump being able to look me in the
eye and saying you know what I love you
humans first if they saw because I have
clips of us in Australia when I'm going
crazy or in LA when I'm wearing with
nothing but a towel telling you guys
that's what's gonna happen
yeah if they saw ya that's when they're
gonna call me crazy that's why I don't
show them that
until the Staples Center night you guys
want to see crazy look at this movie on
the screen the hidden documentary that
they didn't see about me setting up the
whole event and the real crazy makes no
mistake no mistake he's gonna do things
in your life I left I left this letter
yeah
the reason I left and I lost my faith
was because growing up in a really nice
family my dad he's not religious my mom
she was job my older brother he's very
religious I got set up in a dynamic
where it was forced to me and I didn't
get to understand it and I wasn't able
to go to my mom and say your mom the
same way that you're promising me that
our religion is correct what about this
mother to her religion or to her kid his
mother to her kid who's to say who's
right it was wrong she said when you
feel it in your heart is when you know
she said go study other religion go read
go understand
and it's what enters your heart I left
religion entirely I have tattoos I'm not
a perfect person by any means but so yes
is gonna be powerful right here so I'm
learning that everything that has been
happening to me good and bad the bomb
threat yeah I'm gonna loud the next
morning when it first happened to me
yeah you promised me I thought in my
prayers but I realized that's what I
wanted he gave me what I needed because
now I'm able to back away believe you
two we get my amends get my face get
myself drunk and my love strong for my
friend one family and not only that
yesterday was the first time I was able
to walk into a message again and pray
with all my tattoos understanding that
it's not about I used to be scared to go
because of the judgment that people the
most remember her body got scared of
Islam because of how the Muslims treated
me because of what I was doing
instead of seeing me do something
understanding he's on his path let him
find his way that's not for our decision
but I'm gonna pray with him in silence
and if I want to give him in private I
couldn't do that they did it this is a
message to every single person who runs
one of those Islamic Twitter profiles or
Muslim YouTube channels or Muslim pages
who just instead of supporting your
brothers and sisters who you see doing
something wrong you push us down one
thing that got me so trigger there was
this one girl Haram I love her I'm not
gonna hate on her she runs one of those
like jab and stuff or whatever yeah she
said when I as a joke when I first call
myself a little photo before I even
thought of little photo yeah tweeted and
she said this is new Donna Cox brother I
am convinced that Arab parents don't
know how to raise men yeah I went to my
mom and I said who does she think she is
to not only talk about me but to say
that you you raised the perfect son and
because of that and because I didn't go
all on her because I just trusted it my
mmm my strength is stronger than ever
from the laughs I know my mom got scared
she said you said you weren't religious
where did this I said mama it's scary to
me too but I promise you will feel so
right it's not our job to pinpoint on
somebody it's not our jobs to make a
public YouTube video condemning why the
actions of Adams all can see to are
wrong because this is how I understand
my religion I feel you man it's been
gone like no way that subliminal goes
yeah it's gonna go like you should know
like it's been going like that for years
people try to like look it's not right
and you down and I seen all over Twitter
but you don't even pay attention to any
of it focus on a lot and I think I know
that a lot with you like in this world
as I said like everything happens for a
reason no one's perfect and no one
should be pointing out like who guys
listen no one should be downing people
downing others when you pray a party I
leave the LeBron James after-party yeah
I didn't Mila Bron James but I forced
myself on to Scooter Braun scooter I
apologize the next day I heard that the
word was you cornered scooter but you
know what I said after I texted his team
and apologized I know his team
personally I thought to myself and I was
like but am I wrong
I was in a room with another human and I
decided to approach him why is his space
more valued than mine if I'm a human
yeah I should be able to walk up to
Trump if I mean no harm and I'm
spreading love we're all human
don't say I invaded his space when all
I'm trying to do is enter you know the
message of love looking forward now I
understand though you have to in those
situations be patient but here's what on
his bye
there are the people who try to shove
their religion down people's throats I
tell other people that they were wrong
they're not realizing they are the ones
were actually harming the image I'm
failure because I am gonna be in groups
with very high-profile people you see if
anybody sees the calls I've been making
the text I've been making the
celebrities who are actually working
with me the one person who knows every
single secret about this and has kept
every single word even secrets that I
said don't tell our group is him he's
seen it happen so instead of shoving the
religion all this you know how I always
remind my Twitter in my Instagram God
loves I'll throw in a finger it laughs
gonna be a kid out there who looks at it
and goes wow now I know that you said
with the tattoos and the things can
still believe in God and that's gonna
get their faith stronger I'm gonna laugh
I love you guys so much I love you we
got the whole squad right here we got
the homie guys again when I die I'm
gonna be an organ donor but I never
played the sport I'm playing for we on
the beach playing bball getting lit tell
me why this man's hair makes him look
like a dirty q-tip Oh when'd you write
this
chillin bro y'all ready to playing
volleyball all right listen up a
football might be time again I'll see
you guys in sure and we got ain't you
over your hi Angie how you doing you
guys what up drew what am i hat imma you
can yeah hi guys we're all here together
literally in a circle wall saying come
on saying our dreams can't be honest
Josh I don't know what my dream is
like I don't know I just want to like
buy myself a house like what you said
about my wife you know just be just be
happy and healthy and just give them a
roof to take care of family build a
dynasty that's your dream there's one
thing about this guy you guys know I
used to hate this Mike I swear you
laughs he's so you were an honest and
intention on that one we go to the
Australia tour and we land in Australia
the same day as our show and we're
booked in economy when no one knows me
and Adam funded our own tour in harm
money but there were some powers that be
that didn't teach Adam something that I
taught him but he doesn't even think he
needs first class or a car service like
he landed he ordered an uber and I told
him it's okay to have things like the
finer things like first class have a car
pick you up and still be humble you
don't have to show yourself a certain
way if you already know you were that
person bro you're gonna that's our
beauty of you your potential is so great
my dad called me just to say I watched
Adams blog write and I read your
comments he was like I want you out of
his wad why can't you just be happy like
that
Damon I love Ellie
