where's muffin right now come on don't
stop with that hey guys what's up and do
me yank I hope you're all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day and do me gang I have two more
days left and I'm back in New York City
you guys are watching this right now and
it's probably July 15th already the day
everyone has been waiting for because
Yousef he has been planning something
for July 15 a crazy dope event a World
Cup after party celebration right now
it's still July 14 I am actually
backstage in the venue right now just
scoping around everything the homie Slim
is here the homie Ahmed is here the
homie Joe is here country Yusuf semi all
of us just making sure everything goes
well because literally our whole squad
everyone puts in their effort their work
to make sure everything is done I'm so
so mad my battery's about to die I'm
looking at it right now so I'm popping
in to charge it this is why I hate g7x
cameras because the battery dies so fast
I guys we're still backstage with the
homies right here slim some say what up
Drew's here without squad here
whoa no country oh we got send me right
there send me say hi what's up where's
muffin was my best friend
you sit right there muffin
we besties my feet you doors you and she
loves me I'm I thinks that she doesn't
love me see
thank you see me her her yeah she's the
heart she likes you her heart beating oh
my god yeah see me sometimes I think
dogs are boys and cats are girls yes I
blame cartoon shows back in the nineteen
nineties because she likes you let her
tongue is out there we don't like oh she
said not like older this man you know
all right guys we're not heading back to
him everybody to get a haircut I'm gonna
get a haircut The Mummy drools gonna get
a haircut
mm oh my hair cut his top ten whatever I
know if slim is right here he's gonna be
babysitting a muffin for like I guess
the whole day I said I was babysitting
me not man now he's babysitting which is
slim you ain't gonna Ewing in the last
an hour man I'm telling you I'm he's not
ready for that only I can handle it and
boron atom my baby
do me dang I just got done with my
haircut hey Dana Adam is about to be
back at the house right now
what are you doing
Drew's getting ready yo your haircut
looks fresh now you look like dope man
are you guys gonna make out you know
what's going on what are you guys
talking about business talk what do you
have in my room like dams and I got
business meetings in my room I might
take a shower just take a haircut so
like I'm just saying like yo like yeah
like I'm gonna be taking sure I don't
trust both you guys out here while I'm
taking a shower
I don't trust both of you guys out here
seriously yeah the door doesn't lock
though what he doesn't like I know
that's what I'm saying so so regardless
there's no doors that lock can you guys
go downstairs Chung Hsing shower and you
mess with us with relaxing it oh yeah
and I feel bad they delete it easily
okay guys go ahead and freakin tag you
to tell them to put that yo yeah I feel
bad why they delete it why would you see
nudity who what nudity do you see
there's no zero educational experiment
but I'm gonna take a shower right now
I'm liking the vibes in the house it's
kind of funny right just everyone around
that literally yeah but you guys are you
guys gonna make out
often that Missy
muffin hi we're taking care of you today
clapping she but she doesn't want to
come she's ignoring everyone probable
muffin you have to come inside with us
come come
she's she wants to stay with him what
she wants to stay yo she's hiding what
muffin
you gotta come look you can't hide in
there you got a cup with us yeah
muffin yeah seriously we hate me that
much that much little oh she needs me so
much why are you doing you want me to
lay down okay now you got to come inside
because I'm taking care of you oh my god
I got it was wrong with you
don't run away from me what's wrong yo
summers you're eating pizza look this is
what like you know how to take care of a
dog use of trust of you man I left two
minutes and she just disappeared oh she
got lost man yeah dude uh she she was
outside just with another kid who was
watching her I don't know she was
another Kennedy
yeah well I'm know it's scary man I
think it's harder to take care of a dog
then it is take care of like like a baby
what do you think and I think my son's
harder so nah man this is harder because
like I don't know muffin you're gonna
speak to like I don't know I don't know
what do you think
well think snow
yeah we're still look I heard like she
just wants to like I don't know like
yeah yeah bro here's was we babysitting
and then after I was kind of like Colby
else in the mean or yes Slim is the main
ones for the blame goes out and we were
just Colby I'm saying what do you mean I
didn't know nothing what where's muffin
right now come on don't stop with that
oh my again your muffin tip ticket
second I ready again
no let's say what you're doing mostly
come on yo yeah she loves it outside she
hates me which one I don't know if she
I'm not gonna say she hates you I don't
know man it is you you don't know how to
take care of a dog I start babysitting
good I'm not going to start babysitting
good but let's eat up with you know guys
we just got to the girls right now we're
going to his bakery no but he couldn't
shop
cookie glass and then the cookie
shopping yeah let's just say that's what
we shop you table oh we are loving
cookie shop what the heck you're not
ready for these hi guys we're not
getting the cookie what hi guys we are
not getting those cookie shots because I
don't know you have to eat real food you
know I'm saying so more to come here
cool you know what Lina yo I might screw
you man
seriously man I thought I thought slim
was like such a like a whole but I'm a
base to you guys in the same same level
a ho hey ho seriously you guys atai I
think or like he's following your
footsteps alright guys I'm having
solution right now I'm freedom
we're at the sushi spot and they're
making it there look literally look
they're making it I never seen anyone
make sushi this is how they make sushi
oh wow
can you do that or no getting right here
France chairs you know say I'm going all
my French for me so man my man's got
here let me see you know look he got the
Freddy transformer
he got the France one two let's go boy
let's go sim we ponder the World Cup
tomorrow's the World Cup final some good
friends like you know I know all the
players in the game yo he knows yo do
you know Namie fat player name five
players in the game baby come on man you
got
to begin we are back in the house about
the end the black here tomorrow is the
big day July 15th
it's be honest it's gonna be a fun fun
day the main thing is it slims birthdays
happy birthday right now July 15 mash
won't tell you that first of all July 15
is your day
Gary day at us that's what super-slim
was born you know what I'm saying that
you I don't want to say that on my damn
you're 24 yeah well slim 20 mom age 24 I
don't as I said don't don't like that
we're not none of us are getting old we
still was so young man was still 24 24
as hell yeah think of it this way young
is hella trust me when it took 22 in
here we relate to them really oh yeah
two years ago with the buggy man you
shout out to everyone out there shows a
lot of love especially it's like slide
on me slim you guys show a lot a lot
love you guys and I'm all about to sleep
we're so so tired because like
three-hour difference in LA it's like 1
a.m. right now but it's actually like 4
a.m. in New York so we're gonna sleep
we'll see you guys tomorrow we celebrate
birthday tomorrow
yeah enough happy birthday I Love You
Man thank you for everything that you do
and uh I can't wait on home because I'm
homesick stairs I miss New York so much
yeah will you come back
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care peace love you guys thank you
