so what it would it be good like if you
hooked me up
you know like with your daughter am I
good enough for her life
give me your card with your name
guys I'm here with the homie Andrew and
you I haven't introduced him but the
homie Andrew he is from NYC New York you
guys already know what I'm saying he is
pretty much you know the King in New
York because he knows all the homies
even though the homies six nine you
didn't skip with him right yeah that's
my brother right did a skit with the
homie six nine matter of fact you got to
send me that video i'ma show a little
preview oh yeah now we're out here in LA
we'll helping out the homie Yusef for
everything is going on July 15 and it
feels good to have you know you know
having another person from the East
Coast when I was only one and I'll say
shadow i watch the shadow table for
these cold
hello you know good
hey hey watering food real quick after
that we're gonna go outside rabbits man
they're lucky they got Zane in here
that's the only reason why I'm here
hi guys I got my food right here y'all
got a pork chop Road never in my life
like I'm not how to use chopsticks you
don't say it so today I'm gonna learn by
the way his nationality he's from the
Philippines you know shoutout to anyone
when the Philippines neck down
what up shoutout to mini Pekka one of my
favorite parts tourism they got the
music so lucky
no copyright last so I'll do this I feel
like I might like find someone
your boys nothing coming up cool bit of
it
there you go oh here come together Phil
I'm just eating wood together to be gang
that food was so so amazing I feel so
refreshed
it was so healthy to the point where I
don't feel like you know my stomach
hurts a lie feels icky icky got to stick
me up excuse me I'm looking for a wife
I'm here in LA
can you find me one or not my name is
Adam I don't have a card or nothin vibes
I'll be 25 so can you arrange if you
have any kids for me
so what it would it be good like if you
hook me up you know like with the
daughter am I good enough for her life
give me your card your name one in go
baby let's go we find in love I hear man
you know find the love I hear let's go
oh she's gonna hook me up three she got
three oh the thing is that I've been
single for so long like you know like
I've been just about that time you know
everyone Justin Bieber got engaged you
know everyone is out there gang gate so
you know I'm not here
surgical people who's friendly always
have friends you're right right
yeah three four seven oh you have no man
I've never known anybody the one could
be the hood it could be do me gang look
we aren't in Melrose and this is like
this is right this is look at this page
really everyone is taking pictures of it
LeBron James I think this is just me and
I wouldn't be surprised if someone like
I don't know vandalize today or like
messes with it or something man because
a lot of people have been hating on
LeBron says he's in the Lakers well
actually a lot of Kobe fans because you
know it's kind of weird having LeBron
and the Lakers when you know the Lakers
already had Kobe and stuff but I think
it's cool you know I think it's cool
heaven I think it's a joke I think he's
dope you know new era like a new aerial
BtoB do me getting I'm still shopping
here I do not know why they have
keemstar do me I just put on a shirt
that I just I know jumper with Adam 22
is gonna be really really dope this is
probably the biggest thing he's doing
right now that's gonna make that Vette
in July 15 beats also dope so I can't
wait Allah it is really hot here look at
the homie Andrew shirtless man idea it's
really really hot like it's getting like
oh my god but I'm still looking for a
wife is do me gang we just got done with
the no jumper interview it was literally
insane I did not get to vlog there
because the homie Yousef pussy was doing
his thing he literally told the world
about July 15 and now it's already sold
out before he even announced it's gonna
be at the Greek theater if anyone does
not know make sure you guys come through
the Greek theater July 15th literally
gonna be like a Royal Rumble Coachella
we have so many people confirm so many
rappers could work Andrew and Amanda's
hooking it up hooking it up and get to
give them a hint look at this car man
what the hell this is an actual car what
whoa hi how are you doing maybe a small
wave huh could be hey hey guys look even
making me ice cream right now no way
okay no I think I've seen it once but
like I forgot like I don't know this
watch please do guys this is so
satisfying Asian Adventure you gotta
take me on an Arab event today
yeah I'm gonna take you on air of
adventure next hun upset whoa bye guys
like this is hard to work man after this
put the Oreos in my voyage okay okay I
like that huh yeah I give up finger this
is
Hey look at this I'm ready to dig in
let's go guys Starbucks write down about
the apps my name and I told him
abdul-rahman up to rahim
my name you know
ya know i doing on the ground look at
them on the ground on the ground this is
my name well after Rahab director seems
like yeah almost said it you almost
still that dog I'm there to steal it I
dare to steal steal it
so don't like
guys today has been a long long day like
this look at the grind man honey Andrew
is literally on the phone just grind and
grind and grind into July 15 Yousef he
has a meeting right now see me is
working hard the homie Ahmed just came
through and I met him for the first time
and muffins here too literally everyone
is on the grind right now and I'm she's
on the grind hi my friend how you doing
so we got the homie just scared me
ruining a leg
how was the flight was again please good
why does she hate me yeah please get
blue
she's like oh she's like this what we
say damn it she hates the same I'm
dropping my cam nice
to mop with keeps kinda know me I
thought we were friends man yeah it was
his first time flying the home you've
like this for mom I'm excited to see
your reaction yeah this is pretty much
our place do you do beginning today I
had such a long day seriously I changed
my clothes so many times because it's so
hot and I took so many showers so I'm
ending this vlog here if you guys enjoy
like make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey and smash that like button
do me gang to Morrow's Liu should be
coming don't owe me I'm right here
literally everyone is gathered together
you guys are gonna slowly see everyone
together and then July 14 it was gonna
be a fun amazing time I cannot wait I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you
