hey guys what stop it do me gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so what I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang I
want to start up this vlog by
apologizing and saying I am sorry for
the past vlogs these few days as you
guys know during the tour I always put
my focus on like the fans do me again
and I always put my focus on the people
that I see in real life and not knowing
that there's more people who are looking
at me through the camera but the thing
is with me whenever there's people you
know in front of me especially during
tour there's a lot of people around me
and you guys know me you guys know how
nice I am I'm always got to show my
respect to them and I don't really focus
on getting a vlog done or getting an
entertaining vlog done so I just want to
apologize for not giving you guys any
entertaining vlogs for the past few days
and whenever I'm on tour which I know
when I go to the UK my vlogs once again
aren't really gonna be the same because
I'm gonna be focused on the people in
the UK my tension is literally gonna be
all over them I don't have a cameraman
who records for me literally all I use
is my hand and I feel like I can talk to
you guys about this so do me game I am
sorry but right now I finally feel like
I'm back because it's finally been a day
after I came back from tour which is
Australia so my Energy's back
everything's back I have a break off
tour right now until the UK so make sure
eyes get two tickets Adam eats Lucy calm
I am bringing everyone together as you
guys know there's so much Muslim
youtubers around so much of them had
beef and stuff especially out here in
the West Coast so I just want to bring
everyone together like the homies Caius
Ahmed hua ji me even slim is coming
through Slim is flying out from New York
City to see his best friend I made like
you know we're all gonna come together
so it's gonna be really dope positive
vibes to do me out let's get this black
started let's start it off I'll give it
a try thumbs up even if you're in a sad
mood because I'm in a really sad mood
England lost I was why I was genuinely
going for England you guys know how much
I love the UK but it's all good in
America I did even make it to the World
Cup so you guys should feel grateful you
know I'm saying anyway
do me ask you as an extra guys I'm into
over right now look who's here
couple girls like demon Massa say hi to
the vlog yes what happened she wants to
show me something like yeah you need to
talk to me what happened what happened
what is it yeah it happens a man look
out 10 he got he got so tan oh come on
g-man what are you doing all right now
I'm just telling me he wants to show me
something first was Dina she show me Deb
now it's Hamza I don't know what he's
doing how do you trust him it to be
honest like what are you doing
he said kick against and drank his Pepsi
no you're not doing the kicking ass to
your face how's the stop please your
eyes killing it though he's killing it
killing it no he got your house he's
been working out guys I just met up with
the homies right here Andrew and you say
without
we said was good even Yousuf Yousuf man
look at him and this do it is it at a
spot uploading what your the dedication
of learning I got this is what he does
behind us see how we did this in like
all this look at this table you just
made yourself at home but see that's the
dedication of YouTube will also here
with the homie country country without
there and I doing man I know good
hundred percent July 15 that's why we
had July 14 my god shoe as always you
already know cuz you ready no man this
dedication but still I'm so glad we all
got our sleep now I went to get some
food and I would say working today look
at this we're at this pilot huh
yeah the coupon yeah number like I don't
know I got a mac and cheese pot which is
really weird I never heard of a mac and
cheese pie and I got a chocolate pie
like I don't know me you guys took me or
me I said pie holes are the guys I'm not
even joking but this is the best mac and
cheese I've ever had in my life let's
freakin mac and cheese pies look how
amazing it
do me angrier back to the house you have
a few special guests in the building
we got the homies right here for rube yo
top man and the homie Caius oh my man
what I'm saying I don't free style oh
okay let's do it ah no these always
yours and so is yours
oh and I pull up to the club Oh valet
service open the door we takin over we
might have to invite Drake
Kanye may be over oh and it barely even
started
damn yo stain no wait I just bought
me you and kyle's together we never like
kids to get like him and did you feel
that energy in that conversation we had
yeah we had a pain you know as all love
that's crazy man he's not gonna make it
July 15 but he has I said he's so he's
so gonna be there when he tweeted me
that date I'm like yeah I can't like I
got a little vacation that's all good
it's all good you sticking a meter and I
should do well get my little hologram
like to pocket culture gave me don't we
have about to go meet up with the homie
Amir Khan once again diamonds coming
through when you see how it goes you
said he's dressed in class and man he's
like a My Size
when you're now at the venue oh my god
tell them what that is because they're
gonna do Mario Badescu they don't again
it is time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy his life did make sure you
give a thumbs up and go Turkey we had an
amazing amazing night literally all of
us many more to come do not forget to
subscribe if you haven't and again we
have a really long talk because there's
two of us I'm not saying no names you
still have a little bit of beef with
each other and it's kind of crazy
because we're not seriously at the end
of the day you guys should know you guys
are brothers you guys love each other we
all love you guys and this fall love
doing anything to like here with
positivity in love I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and
