please leave it and what kind of feel
bad it was like some of you guys were
like getting sensitive but I was
sleeping myself and then get up
it to me gang I'm still wearing the same
clothes right now I'm at this place
where I'm gonna get like vitamins
they're gonna put me an IV literally
give me like vitamins because I feel so
weak and so drained
especially from Australia from the
flight and so much going on I haven't
eaten anything so they gave me fruit
snacks to eat before this happens I'm
really kind of nervous I don't know what
to expect but we're gonna see how it
goes they also gave me this little juice
to drink before because I mean it to eat
before hopefully after this I can be
boosted up and I can be shielded up like
like it's a chug chug you know say
hi guys Yousef already done his right
now he's relaxing I'm about to go right
here just land if you like I'm like sick
or exhausted
which arm will be better this one
have you ever had never it's it has a
needle yeah I talk you access to the
lane then we'll take the needle out we
will track the needle and it's just a
plastic catheter there remains okay okay
you may feel a little small stick okay
other than that you shouldn't really
feel anything else playing at the
hospital so it just makes me feel like
like what like oh we're gonna go in the
most slow because you're getting quite a
bit of vitamins
might hit anything like that
one of you guys don't watch if you don't
like needles okay
just down okay make a face for me and
she got in to help someone she's about
to do it
a collector but I'll take it out in just
a moment okay
try not to scream he'll steal for ya I'm
good deep breaths farming just secure
the line
you did great for a first time stays in
there we go it should probably take
about 30 40 minutes at the most Fergus
to ride on out take everything else okay
let me secure you secure the bag alert
look here the bag this bag it's perfect
should be good okay I'm gonna be right
here hi guys
Nick I got it I can feel the vitamins
going in literally I feel it going
inside like it's already helping the
outside
I'm not gonna let her sleep by now I
could do me getting this is like 20
minutes later I'm still going in and I'm
literally uploading my blog right now
look finally uploaded you buddy
make sure you guys always get the vlog a
thumbs up and go turkey boom guys I'm
finally done with this I feel like a
brand new person right here sleeping
with send me send me say hi how you
doing it's my first time meeting send me
so like what a Yousef I know it Yousef
wake up like him he's just say like yo
July 15 maybe he'll wake of July he's
dreaming about something July 15 he's
dreaming about July hello hi smiling
Yousuf Yousuf guys I just want to give a
huge thank you to Cindy she let us go
over her house because we landed and our
check-in time was like at 3 p.m. and
we'd have been homeless so like about
you thank you thank you so much and I
seen your video when you reacted or your
mom reacted tear your Instagram pics
that was so funny it's a much cooler in
person too and you're really sweet and
I'm not just saying that cuz I get
you're really sweet so yeah and we
should box to know yeah I'm glad to do
that what the defense are you just swing
but you had a swing punches that you
have to like legit try to like punch me
seriously
know what
no you got to do that for the defense
like you got a legitimate yeah come on
yeah whatever anything literally do me
gang I just got done doing my IV I feel
like a brand-new person literally I feel
like there's so much energy so much
calcium so much vitamin D vitamin A
vitamin B te d D in my body I feel so
refreshed and I just got a haircut right
now Yusuf's getting a haircut also and
then we're finally gonna check in
because we've been at C B's house right
now he was so so sweet she let us stay
in her house but in a few we're gonna
check in and finally get our rest
because I haven't got my sleep I'm still
wearing the same clothes for like three
days - oh my let's see how it goes I'll
see you guys in the next shop
it do beginning we just got to our place
here in LA it is amazing look at this
I'll give you guys a little tour by the
way guys yes Lucy got me hooked on this
I don't know man it looks like I have
the chicken pox and this dude was
putting on you know dope acne cream
sounds like hook a brother up and he
gave me some acne came in I just put it
over so I'm why I'm trying to keep for
you guys you know I say let me give you
a little tour was from here this is my
room here
Yousef is there I do what the hell where
is he only me and him here like right
now like I'm scared because the stairs
here maybe he's downstairs can you sleep
it yeah what kind of bad cause like some
of you guys were like getting sensitive
that I was sleeping myself and then get
them
get the familiar with the hole here you
go ah hey
you scared the crap out of me brother
what that bro it's too late for this
come on we just landed like we're
literally like no way when I was just
creepiest are you good should she ever
try to scare oh you know we had such a
long day man I go like July 15 reppin it
out here man no I started a that's right
this day without somebody in my life
well I can see myself there like
officially yeah no I haven't I know I
was going to call that a girlfriend yeah
I just want to say like I'm happy for
you being happy man what's it like in
the trip of our lives
I'm happy for you man I just can't wait
min like everything just our heads right
now I like coming from Australia I just
like it's just like you're literally but
like this is so last minute so I'm on I
can't wait tonight you guys are gonna be
so proud of Adam because Adam has such a
big involvement in this project he's
doomed man go to sleep I'm so silly this
is why I believe him
I believe him like going up to go
quickly you know sleep walking the
subway Texas you don't sleep this dude
did not sleep for the past three days he
has not been asleep guys tweeted him
telling him for his own good to sleep
man this do it like I slept so many
times he hasn't slept it's like it's
like he doesn't want to sleep cuz he
think he knows I'm gonna mess with him
with something like that not that
you know you touched your face and you
had that backing to keep on your yeah
I'm telling you such a sweetheart he's
waiting for the homing country you guys
must have seen them in his vlogs yeah
I'm probably gonna sleep now so you guys
are probably seeing the vlogs tomorrow
Yousef and I were just tomorrow I'm
gonna go do low training you've got a
couple meetings so I'm waiting to see
how it goes
other than that I'm gonna end the vlog
in the next shot you doesn't see it
ended for them say whatever you want to
say I'm like a mess you take a shower I
like a mess nah I haven't took a shower
and your videos I just whatever just you
just had an amazing day don't forget
July 15th is gonna be turnt up alright I
love you
