hey guys this is Adam and I'm here to
tell you some bad news and some good
news the bad news is that this is not a
vlog but the good news is that this is a
funny skit if you guys don't know rema
has a teacher that comes to our house to
teach her because she's still two years
old and it's kind of like a nursery type
of teaching and stuff like that so if
you guys see my Twitter you guys
wouldn't know what happened between Rima
and me and the teacher and my whole
family stuff it was just chaos and it
was so funny I couldn't get the vlog yet
so I decided to make it a skit usually
my house a lot of crazy funny stuff
always happens so if you guys enjoy it
give it a thumbs up and I'll do more
skits of stuff that happened in my house
is Remus first time acting in a skit so
I hope you guys enjoy it
hi this is mrs. n how are you doing
what's your name what's your name what
is it Reema it's real I know it's true
you myself today I'm gonna be your
teacher here the socks are gonna go to
the side okay no no no you cannot get it
now I have to teach you alright say a B
C D well lining mrs.annie you are the
best teacher and you are the bestest
each other do you wanna date see one two
three four five six very good you're
doing a good job
you can't snatch the books from the Rima
leave my Ella be nice with an on time
remot yak me Mom Remo what is wrong with
you you need to stop being ratchet you
mean you have to be nice I don't put you
on timeout come on you're gonna go on
timeout come on
No you're gonna have to go on time Oh
turn around
you're gonna go on timeout
Rema you need to come now you have time
out you need to come now you have time
out yes you do Rema Rema
what's going on
whoo-hoo try to do you tell about uh
what side of give me time shaking here
inside my head
can you take it up to tell take it ain't
gonna give you time out push you're
trying to give time up
go buddy go give hard time up
where me but when me please don't hit me
go dance up your naked DNA code s Mama's
you tryin to give a time out oh yeah
ah
I'm getting it though your lifetime out
right now god that's up this is not your
house this is my house
okay I want clothes I put on clothes oh
yeah yeah yeah
I'm sorry I'm sorry ladies crazy I don't
know like this they always mess with me
give me how they give me everything
crazy well are you crazy - Maya get up
now and get you later okay daddy what a
bitch nobody know meet you and that is
how I ended up tweeting while I was on
time out to you guys and explaining the
whole story
we haven't did a skit and so long and I
don't know why but I like these homemade
type of skits I don't know why it is
really fun to make and it just feels
more natural let me know in the comments
below what was your favorite part thank
you guys for all the love and support
team ESA do me gang it truly means a lot
make sure you guys subscribe to this
channel ASA vlogs and make sure you guys
subscribe to our main channel we are
gonna have a new video really soon if
you guys did enjoy this video make sure
you guys share it on Twitter Facebook
and Instagram I will be going on a
followers to be on Twitter and Instagram
so I'll see you guys tomorrow with
another as8 daily vlogs take care and
peace good time how old are you
