that's like an employee on a cloud
without fuel right now say
hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
tonight it's our official last day here
in Sydney Australia and then we're
heading to LA I'm gonna miss Sidney so
so much so everyone who came out to the
Melbourne Sydney shows thank you guys so
much I love you guys so much and until
next time I'll definitely see you guys
in the next tour because you guys always
turn up right now I'm about to have a
quick photo shoot literally I just woke
up I didn't shower because I'm going to
like what is it an isolation tank what
is it an isolation tank I don't know
some fish take something where like it
makes you feel like you've slept for
like eight hours but you just lay there
for an hour I don't know something cool
so I cannot wait and doing little mini
photo shoot on this random bike that we
seen look we just seen this bike and we
thought it looks artistic the homie
Jacob right here you ready - no he's
he's art man so he knows he knows the
spot so he thought maybe you could take
a picture on his bike juvie gang we just
got here this is what we're doing
wellness flow there what the what the
heck was it's go inside and some guys I
do not know what to expect like yo like
what happens what goes on look at the
feather then they get enough here for
you to sleep with you be out and oh wait
so it's for yellow Jacob don't mess with
me what is this real transport either
what is that flow tank often referred to
as a sensory deprivation tank is a
lightless soundproof tank filled with
saltwater at scale temperature has a
range of benefits including relieving
stress and anxiety pain
mmm interesting sketchy Ariely Jacob
wait taking us you ready okay
Braham claustrophobic like how am I
gonna go in there leave alright guys so
that lady already told us literally all
day in the farm I tell you guys right
now because this is kind of really weird
uneven up on the blog here look at this
look at this bro I'm gonna be inside
this like this this is creepy so I have
it's fresh water just in case because
like the salt water goes and burns your
eyes you can just splash it on your eyes
and it'll go away
it's earplugs to put in your ear you
love the salt to go in your ears there's
this little thing where you wipe the
front cuz there might be steamy and
stuff and you don't want to drop on your
head or your eyes and go in here right
here
earplugs to be a homicide I can't really
hear anything but it's a scary part
you're closer
what y'all flowing what that I'm
floating yo yo I'm legit 14 yo yo it's a
scam you know I have to say like this
right now okay yo this is like the Dead
Sea living the flats where it got
absolutely no budget for you this is
crazy
- relax that's it
yo it's like in the sky diets fine it's
like I'm floating on a cloud without
fuel right now it's like yo I'm on the
skies I got sky god guys I'm like oh my
god this is the middle like that like an
hour in let you guys know if you
laughter okay
do getting 75 minutes later I am finally
done so this is how it felt it literally
felt like I was floating in the air like
I'm like literally floating I cannot
feel my body I cannot feel nothing James
is right I literally felt like I was
probably on a coma but not like a bad
call but like I felt relaxing so chill
like everything was just gone
seriously it was it insane insane
experience I recommend it to anyone out
there who does it because it's dying
like a massage or nothing like that
you're literally just lay down like the
Dead Sea like let's pretend you're in
Jordan and you're laying down let's see
it just relax it was amazing such an
amazing experience I feel like a
brand-new man I feel a little bit I
don't know heavier a lightheaded I don't
know why some reason maybe it's my first
time doing it but it's just an amazing
feeling I feel so refreshed like like I
felt like I've been sleeping like so
long I don't know like I'm just
energized you know it was healing Adobe
gang I'm back to the crib this is my
last few hours in Australia I'm finally
heading back to LA to America to a
normal time zone I've been so tired so
jet-lagged and like so just confuse
daily and the reason is the time zones
I'm starting to know that the time zone
here is literally the opposite of
everything mean Yousef when we're
chilling during the day everyone is
asleep like whenever one our social
media
everyone is just asleep during the night
time when we're asleep everyone is awake
so it's like literally just like
draining us and it's confusing us but
hamdullah we're finally heading back to
LA to an American time zone where I'm
kind of used to because my whole life
I've been living in America so my body
is used to living in like that time zone
so once we get there is gonna be some
lit lit vlogs that do me yang so I
cannot wait to take you guys on this
journey with me it's gonna be so so dope
even though the flight is gonna take so
long it's gonna take an extra day like
literally my block tomorrow is probably
gonna be just me in the airplane because
like the flight is so long it takes up
the whole day that's how far Australia
is Australia I'm gonna miss you guys I
love you guys so much
this house yeah I'm leaving the oh my
god man I want it over this house just
like yo I'm not even I'm gonna keep this
for the next guest and I'ma keep this
closed and like the dolls let me keep
them covered and stuff and I'm dipping
to do me
other than that I'm gonna wrap up this
vlog here this vlog is kind of short I'm
so so sorry once again just know once I
get back to America the vlogs are gonna
be longer and doomy yeah if you guys
enjoyed this vlog even though it's so
sharp make sure you guys give this like
a giant thumbs up I want to see every
single one of you guys every single one
of my rotted dies
thumbs enough this blog a lot more to
come and do me ganc stay tuned
Youssef has something big big coming
July 15 I will let him explain it to you
guys in tomorrow's vlog so I'm on let's
see how it goes
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
bitch I love you I love you
