hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day dumi gang it is
currently like 5 p.m. right now it gets
dark really really fast here in Sydney
Australia I'm still here at the haunted
house me fousey and James we extended
our stay here in Sydney for another two
to three days Yousef is working on
something really really big and it's
going amazing your doom again I'll keep
you guys updated with everything that's
going on but today do me gang I'm doing
something kind of different a lot of my
friends who are Arab some of them are
actually Krishnan which is nothing wrong
with that because anyone can be any
religion and there is Arabs who are
Christian there is Arabs who are Jewish
and there's Arabs were Muslim just cuz
you're Arab doesn't mean you're Muslim
but today as you guys know is Sunday and
as you guys know I'm a Muslim
we have Juma prayer but Christians they
have Sunday prayer so today's gonna be
my first time going to church and the
only reason is why I'm going is just
experience and see what goes on I have a
few friends who told me to go just to
like see and experience it because I've
been to a church when I was younger but
I never really went to a church to like
hear their talks and what they have
because I heard they have like cut the
buzz like what Muslims do on Fridays
they have buzz wah wah let's see how it
goes apparently this place is like a
really big big Church and apparently
Justin Bieber is gonna be there which I
had no clue about and Justin Bieber's
pastor he's gonna be there that's like
his church so I'm excited to go let's
see how it goes like Muslims first time
going to going to church let's see you
let's start off this way by giving a
giant thumbs up do me and subscribing
because I upload every single day I'm so
sorry for having short vlogs the past
few days been really really hectic you
guys do not understand especially on
tour but the fact that I can upload for
you guys every single day means the most
to me so I don't mind that you know I'm
saying yeah yo guys I'm here with the
homie Jacob so Jacob I'm ma the other
one that told me about what is it
Hillsong a Hillsong so what's called
Hillsong a Hillsong and what is it like
yeah you could tell them what it is like
so it's basically a church a global
church across a bunch of different
countries you're not in Australia yeah
there's one in New York where you guys
are from better oh wow yeah and
basically it's just a bunch of
Christians getting together and you know
just doing community together doing life
together and no we're hearing some good
music and just hanging out let's go so
what Abbas was expect when I go there
it's like a party like a party like a
pie
wouldn't like a part like I got a potty
know what you know and do they do their
talks yeah
after everyone starts dancing in the
beginning and no one talked after and
let's community stuff after all right
the queues and stuff yeah I'm excited to
see what goes on so I'm let's see how
we're going see you as an upshot
James Jacob just got in here the vibe is
pretty dope man it's like smoke he looks
kind of like a concert stage literally
like it's a good it's an amazing vibe
though you can know everyone here has a
good heart
everyone's coming in oh my god
everyone's coming in
this is how it is where's that seats
down there so what are we gonna see
right now like what are we gonna see
right now vibes let's do it
well everyone is coming in oh wow hi
guys I just got to my seat there's like
papers and I'm uh I'm ready this is
literally like a weekend concert
stages there he says welcome home what
does it start what time does it start 10
minutes
you
it's the first person I meet here that
knows me man say what
New York yeah
there's some three No
but we have a fire a hittable we ever be
but we just have this great this great
ask you for a whole chicken but you
laugh I mean that's why I'm like my
emotional stability is questionable
often come on make it let's go buddy
is gonna miss another miss taken out
take that New York goddamn this sister
all her this is for New York to Adam
give it to New York on a roll
hi guys we're done now I'm explain
everything so you got after but now this
is like a chill spot where everyone
gathers together hangs out at least a
music look there's literally a
basketball court here cuz that's been a
crazy experience
oh the Australian do me I just got back
from the church before I tell you guys
all about it there's something going on
right now I'm inside the haunted house
right now and it is so so scary because
I hear like this weird ringing noise I
don't know where is it coming from and
it's scary because Naz and I'm left only
like me Yusef and James here so I was
like less people I'm looking around
is it the phone hit this room oh my god
guys see yeah this place is to a creepy
man I can't stay here guys I think I
know what it is I found it look you guys
ready oh my god yeah
hamed alone good man look at this it is
useless freaking speaker man distinct I
walked me up from my sleep man oh my god
man I should I should go in his room
right now just mess when I'm in his
sleep because he's one that left us out
here he's gonna mess with my sleep she
stirs it's you so he's scared
what broke this would always a scary
what happened
nuts you speaker right oh I had to ring
it all over the living room that's your
freaking speaker whoa oh my god I
thought you injured my room yo get your
eyes I'm sorry bro so I get you guys to
me I feel so much better knowing that
it's nothing scary I'll have the leopard
do me as I told you guys I got back from
the church it is it is kind of different
than what I expected I don't know I
believe it was a different kind of
church but like this is something like a
lot of Christians dubose it was kind of
different I expected it to be I don't
know quiet I didn't know it was like
loud music today was a dope experience
at the church it was pretty much like
the first half was like them singing
songs and it was like no curse words
everyone had like a pure heart clean
hearts and like the songs were just like
you know those worship worship songs
were like you know the motivational kind
of song and then after that they give
like a motivational talks it was great
seeing the difference and a lot of
people there they knew I was Muslim they
seen me there and they were like Adam
what are you doing here I think it's
cool that you came out as a young man
you already know what I'm saying it made
me feel great because you know it shows
that you know like us Muslims were open
to like knowing you know knowing
everyone's you know what they believe in
and everyone you know loving one another
you don't say no matter what you are you
all got a loved one another so we do
meet yeah I'm gonna end my vlog here
thank you guys so much for your support
if you guys enjoyed this vlog make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
I'm staying here for another day or two
in Australia then I believe I'm gonna go
to LA because that's the reason why our
Malaysia Singapore and Indonesia dates
are changed because we're going to LA
where do
something really really big and doomy
yang so ma can I can outwait I'll keep
you guys updated with everything if you
guys haven't subscribed make sure you
guys subscribe and put the notifications
on I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
and peace I don't know I look back huh
this house is just creepy now I want to
get out of the host minute man I don't
want to leave Sydney much I want to get
out of
