I seem to be stuck on ground level floor
- I'm claustrophobic I really need help
out of here into the back stage of the
show please hey guys what's up ado me
yank I hope y'all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day to me
gang right now we are in Sydney heading
to the venue right now about to get the
show started
I'm so so hyped but the thing is nas
mittal the main people who are
organizing this event they are stuck in
an elevator right now at the venue James
he's trying to call them actually but
let me see the video let me try to call
the theater right now
I used to fire are you ready you ready
for today again let's do it bro you got
this boy Malik nas is talking a lift
we've got now about mid tool they stuck
in the lift then we can't get in
can you please call us back but you have
to act like this a sense of urgency
otherwise why is she gonna let me see
the video do me gang I met the homie
right here a few years ago Ahmad he
doesn't have a ticket to the show is
sold out I'm gonna tell them to got with
the white banana go to the front I'm
gonna tell them the personal why bananas
left you it I promise 100% all right
we're about to go backstage this is the
elevator that NAS and Mitchell we're
stuck in to the people who came outside
I'm trying to bring some of you guys in
you guys will be standing up but it's
all good at the hood because we're all
gonna turn up and I cannot wait Sydney
and that's doing the start of the vibe
by giving a giant thumbs up and
subscribing because I applaud every
single day that's let's kill it Sydney
alright guys we put the rescue service
on their way right now but we moved the
holiday is moving so I'm gonna not
really move why can he be stuck in the
elevator yeah yeah hi my name is Adam
Saleh I'm here for a show that I'm
performing in today but I'm in the
elevator and it's not I seem to be stuck
on ground level floor too I'm
claustrophobic I really need help out of
here into the back stage of the show
please what stage now I can right
what's the dress you're not here with me
right now all right yeah I how we still
can elevator right before our show what
a freak help please
you know scared or no frustrated bro I'm
scared like what's up are you scared -
yeah I just feel like we're gonna be
stuck here forever neuron technicians
coming right now shirt bring it up
you're good you're gonna scare anybody
other than like even if worse Kim's role
hello no all right thanks
dumi gang we're finally backstage I'm
feeling much better I'm the left one of
my biggest fears is getting stuck in
like an elevator or anywhere with like a
small like space I don't know I just get
really close to phobic and I feel like
I'll be there for so long I don't know I
start getting thoughts I'm gonna be
there like forever but handle armed
Allah and Allah we made it literally
took us like 20 30 minutes and may not
show late but it's all good in the hood
we're still gonna kill it can't believe
it we literally just got stuck in an
elevator for like a half-hour right
before our show man yeah I'm suing man
there buddy yeah
Aaron I'm suing some of the people here
like the event organizers and stuff of
Australia in this place a really really
unprofessional dislike and I'm not even
complaining I'm just happy that I'm out
the elevator and I'm alive and I'm just
messing around saying I'm suing cuz I'm
good but I really hope like nothing
happens to anyone else who goes to the
elevator like anyone who's coming to our
show and takes the elevator be safe and
be careful Adam I'm is gonna Saudis
YouTube channel alright but he needs
your help so when you watch the Slade
I'll give him a call
what are you gonna call it what are you
gonna do on your turn play games yeah
you think you'll be adamant all night
hi guys I just got done cutting my nails
I'm here with the homies right here Omar
and Rihanna there are special special
people to me hey guys doing I'm just
chillin idiot gypsy so Cuban you gonna
say to me hey what up man how's it going
College the father of Brianna and Omar
I'm trying to show us the moves I don't
want to do it for everyone you know like
ready I'm gonna kill it
you two you should come on with us to
both of you sounds good no one instead
surprisingly the other dare just do
whatever you got to jump and have fun
I'm on yeah I hope you guys have fun
doing anything the show is about to get
started you surface about to go on first
not that I was gonna be me so I'm uh
let's see how it goes I'll see you guys
in the next shot guys
okay we're backstage cuz one beautiful
Aqsa what's up guys
all right what's up you guys ready for
today what do you guys most excited
about what about you you said you said
you said you said Adam songs anyway so
nada is getting fun it's getting really
fun um ah can I wait
I'm I want to show the twins to like yo
like like I'm always jealous I'm
actually guys do you guys think we look
like or no yeah
yes or no I just wanna know what do you
think yes or no yes no why no don't say
why don't even no no no because some
people say we don't but we do use of
salt water thought Adam Sala our facial
similarities like so no longer we might
not look like but we do have so much
similarity yeah we do back to this we
come back to the same doriga nose with
the finger can do the finger do the
finger again do the floor again
the homies in back I told you I got you
getting off I'm about to go on he just
murdered it he killed it oh my god I'm
nervous now I'm literally getting ready
man like this
about go watch the showing my intros
playing
go big ha you give me introduce you this
time I know that maybe you deserve like
a box normal we have let's let's pair it
up no tears today I'm up like what you
said in July 50 life we're coming to Los
Angeles free show gonna be the biggest
thing Los Angeles has ever seen
it's gonna shatter and ground radio
usually I can only stream media radio
culture everything July 15
a doobie gate this is after - all right
now just want to say thank you guys so
much for your love and support
each ad said you guys show so much love
today right now I'm inside the bathroom
I'm at the bathroom in the studio
because I don't want you guys to be you
know listening no I'm saying I'm cooking
up stuff you know what they're cooking
up some stuff but some stuff has changed
zooming gang Malaysia Indonesia and
Singapore they are rescheduled to
another day to me and I'll keep you guys
updated with which date in a few days no
I'm legit vlogging in a bathroom figure
oh my god I seriously do Mia I'm
extending two days here in Australia
because I'm like I might as well you
know I'm in Australia I'm in the other
side of the world so I'm gonna spend
another two days here mandy was lying
here if you guys enjoyed the vlog make
sure to give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey do not forget for you guys having
on your tickets make sure you guys get
your tickets we're going to the UK at
the end of August we're doing like up
like ten cities so make sure you guys
get your tickets you guys do not want to
miss his show it's been amazing women
turn it up each and every single on you
guys do me yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and bitch
