so connect can I ask you why is
everybody telling us this place is
haunted like a friend told us as well he
said that the place is wounded and it
was abandoned for 25 years
hey guys what's up and do me Hank I hope
you're having an amazing Navy huh did
you hear that someone's trying to ruin
my intro may I ask that hey guys what's
up and do me gang I hope you I hope you
all are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I found
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
right now we're at the studio James Oh
rad without put up Jacob put up Willie
how you doing
children was good at Collin hydro man
chillin got the whole squad out here yo
use of Justin oh um uh you know what
don't sleep here and I'm saying almost
sleep he got me so many times I'm by the
expose what I figured out why you did
that to me why I let you get all your
beauty sleep right yeah I let you sleep
like a princess and that's why you're so
good-looking you don't want me sexy you
scared me yes today with the long one
you had a hole we just was just weird
like you had a hole compliment
I woke up and I saw the video and I was
just you should put clips of it in here
just don't sleep on that oh Fabio today
we're cooking up some some stuff when we
cook and breakfast and lunch oh I didn't
feast guys I'm with the homie digging
right here who hates being in vlogs he's
always a low-key guy but I haven't seen
him for a while ma'am ever chapter two
he's
the producer so I'm uh I'm glad to be
back here in Sydney and get some coffees
and I'm asking them what areas is called
not struck you yeah they what kind of
areas with the Hound is called not
Sheffield
do you live in not Strathfield yes
what about not Sydney if you live there
and no Sydney it's far far from here no
is there a place here called not Sydney
no way what about not moving how far is
that from here
you don't drink yeah all you never
traveled out of Sydney you should go to
not Melbourne not Melbourne is like
definitely do me game as you guys know
this blog is raw it's always overall
whenever I'm on toy I left out some vlog
footage of yesterday where me and James
we were messing around with the workers
outside of a restaurant some customers
we're just being Adam in jeans we were
being channeled so I might enjoy what
you go what's not up for us that's for
you okay yeah 37 years
I'm a pastor
I'm a pizza where are we are in gusto
that food looks good where is it
hi Kent Oakland Shinto can I get a bite
a bite
why I don't know why she put that potato
in their mouth and yang
a bite like a little bite like a little
one do you know can you give me a bite
like as - what - spicy for me yeah he's
ready to bite you everyone's gonna come
in by bus stop was 37 years okay though
you see a middle out of the spot that
I've gone through four times now are
they right these fucking
I told you guys man Yousef he's been
exposing me sleeping - like group chats
like you know everywhere to the public
on Twitter and look at him now he's
literally knocked out in the middle of
the hotel like literally right at what
the feet
okay wait get his black camera his book
bang let's do it
he's comfy he's comfiest we're so
trained because the time zones in
Australia is so like it's so like
different than America so it drains us a
lot so just know that me and use it but
especially like nas and mitts older from
the UK so it's not really as bad but to
me and Yusef the time zones are really
really different so M s is with us a lot
so during the day is legit like the time
sleeping so it's like right now like
right now I was like 4 or 5 a.m. in like
America in New York so we have to be
sleeping I'm so tired and sleepy but
like I'm holding it in but you said you
he can't control her he's not telling ya
I made half of your life revolves around
sling you mean I didn't realize the
dedication that went into it
they are always constant like some
people think that Unicorn fits through
the day and that's it
not like you literally it's hours and
hours yeah you gotta do what you gotta
do
do me yang this is the scary part as I
told you guys about the ghost in the
house we ended up calling the owner of
the house and this is the phone call it
is so so creepy here it is can you tell
us about the dolls that are in there and
I call it balls look what why is there
like so many dolls no no no the ones in
the cabinet those are the only ones I
was scared yeah like the hot there's a
hundreds of dolls in there you don't
think it's kind of like scary like like
the doll like you know kind of like you
know does it have any spirits or what
okay and 11 if you buy them from where
did you get the dose from yeah you got
the dolls from the Daily Telegraph
exposed so connect can I ask you why why
is everybody telling us this place is
haunted like a friend told us as well he
said that the place is wounded and it
was abandoned for 25 years I regret 25
years actually no not the Texas the
Texas the taxi-driver City and then one
of our Australian friends said as well
why do you need like their names like of
the people that said it's haunted no we
just making sure is it or like I mean I
don't know like you know like but like
what why do you want why do you want to
know their names the person's name no no
they didn't they didn't say something
bad is gonna happen
they said um the place was condemned for
25 years was it was condemned for 25
years yeah yeah probably like remove the
dolls
yeah do me Aang I'm ending the vlog here
thank you guys so much for your love and
support as you guys know I was in the
studio all night so you guys are going
to know we've been cooking something up
I cannot cannot wait I'm gonna keep my
mouth shut for now so stay tuned if you
guys enjoyed the vlog make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care
you
