we turn on the light tunnel II hey guys
what's up you're dooming yang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having to all should be having an
amazing I stopped seeing my intro for
like like two months but then you
inspired me to say back like the madman
you start their day off with such
positivity yeah I'm inspired by your
intro to like yeah I've always wants to
say there's somebody I know people
probably don't like her and show some
people people hate my but there's
somebody who starts their morning off
and their favorite thing to listen to is
that intro yeah but I got it from my
little niece from her classroom she have
to write a quote maybe we started off
today I'm having a real talk with the
homie uh Yusef and James man we had a
crazy real talk and you guys are gonna
see you on his channel I don't know when
you're gonna post it when are you
posting this tomorrow I don't know man
we'll see you go you'll see it's it's
gonna be titled why I used to hate Adam
solid and you got like we never spoke
about never spoke about our differences
in person
oh man so we got this y'all know that
y'all know that y'all didn't used to
like like me for like ever
no it's assignment that it's just like
you know we both had like hatred in each
other we never spoke you know like we
never spoke to each other and we kept it
quiet usually like beef on YouTube
specially these days everyone just you
exploited yeah everyone says it out
there but we never because it was real
yeah usually when you exploit it it's
not real but mine and Adam yeah and his
you see it literally like he's beautiful
tell them about here
you're right or not oh yeah so we've
seen you guys on Twitter while Yusef
he's really sweet by the way so like if
anyone like you gave it with tickets
already first of all I tell you
something by the way yeah you might be
mad at me
well I didn't tell you all I didn't tell
you this yet what's it this is actually
by Allah did you actually what is it
tell me so I'm in a group track with
writer daya do media Jennifer Joe Murray
I didn't tell you yes what what do you I
know you saw that video I posted on
Instagram but I sent them a picture of
you sleeping oh they're in this boob
chat literally talking about I wonder
what's Adam doing right now like what's
going on let me scroll up to the
reaction oh my god we do have a room
here yeah you don't understand how sweet
your fans are like it's something I'm
dead I always tell them you know I was
preached like I was roasting Adam so
hard today on his editing mistakes
yesterday in law oh my god and the only
and I was laughing because it's so funny
the mistakes but there was an ado me who
was tweeting I don't know why she tagged
me she said guys don't worry if Adam
made a mistake he posts the video for us
every single day mistakes happen we love
you Adam and I love the fact that you
know him people could have just been
like oh wow like you know he they
could've just he was high yeah I pulled
this limb as you guys seen on the on the
vlog I made a big big mistake where like
I put the intro like four times I don't
know man I was just sleepy and I was
just yeah and you guys gave me the
benefit of doubt you guys were being
nice and you know Yusef he's the one
that let me know and said like oh it's
so sweet of you guys to say that cuz
some people that would be like oh wow he
messed up he's not focused you know he's
lazy literally in the group chat to the
one one that I'm in when it happened
they posted your tweet cuz you tweeted
and said sorry guys I'm a look then
Jamari said I feel bad now and then
Ashley said about what tamari said he
probably saw my tweet and then Ashley
said oh it's okay don't feel bad
man oh my god Youssef oh I said oh my
god he fell asleep in park wait so you
sleep bro way to sleep oh oh my god the
whole video of myself just knocked out
well I always put my hand on my chest hi
guys we're about to send a picture to do
a video yell haddem yo there's this
group chat that absolutely loves you yo
I see you guys man seriously I love you
Yusef always tells me about you and he
exposed me yesterday with that picture
so I'm getting you back buddy Ashley and
Joe Myra this sub hi what up what up so
I'm gonna keep gifting y'all pictures
guys you guys know Yusef you know he do
he's always like he's like a little
talks on his Twitter and Instagram you
know I always got to find the love
dumi gay I'm not to tell you guys the
scariest thing ever right now on the
front of this house that has gin I'm not
even talking if you guys do not know
what's gin gin is like a devil a
Shaitaan I don't know I don't really
know how to say in English or explain in
English but in Arabic we say Jen this
place that we're at is really really
creepy a lot of people around the area
they even told us that this place was
abandoned for like 25 years and
obviously any place that's abandoned
that's where the jinn lives so if you're
going to live where the jinn live
obviously they're gonna mess with you
and not want you to be around so right
now I'm about to show you guys inside
the house it is so so creepy last night
after 4:00 a.m. we all left to a hotel
because I'm not even joking we saw
something in there all of us man me
Youssef and Naz we saw something in
there seriously made a mess with us
we've all left to the hotel we'll be
trying to book another house we need
like a big house or a big apartment and
there's nothing available literally
everywhere is booked you had to book in
advance so now we're stuck in this house
before I give you guys a tour I just
want you guys to know to never be afraid
never be scared of jinn the only thing
you should be afraid of is God Allah
just know that jinn are also created
they have a crater so don't ever be
scared we're going in right now so it
starts off like this go inside the first
thing you see it's just this like Malay
why right this is the creepiest part now
why is there so many dolls what the
Freak
bro why is she looking that way but they
see Gary they all have the exact same
face this isn't creepy ish Bora how's it
taking on at home cause a chef like that
my guy so this is my room right here
this is where I'm staying
I'll put down all the frames look those
literally like 10 frames of stuff like
this though you can see it just like
what the hell there's like tens of these
and look Amaro this is in my room look
it's like a little secret like room look
how creepy this is man James what the
you doing Jay yeah why is there like a
chair there like why is it a lot
that's so weird feel like someone else
is sitting on the chair
what the hell that's peeping I don't
want I got none these huh get the
hell out of here
what the Freak why is it what of me
what's in there what the hell
Brodus is creepy man yeah do you yank
this is a few hours later so I finally
got me some behold look at this I'm not
even joking man like a lot of people
around like me Yusef James Naz I mean
obviously it's really really scary but
at the same time like we look at each
other we're like we don't know if anyone
is messing around or anything because
it's really really scary and like we're
living in a house with like a bunch of
pranksters which is like the worst thing
ever to live like I regret like I don't
want to do like I don't do pics or more
man like when it comes to like stuff
like this obviously like I get scared
but at the same time is just like I
don't really like it's just oh like slim
has done it me slim hate it so much
because anyone would get scared I rather
get punched by John well in my face
actually he doesn't throw any punches
haha shots fired yeah seriously I got me
some behold look at this this is I'm
telling this is some expensive amazing
behold over here hello I'm trying to get
it I'm trying to get it where's the
light I want you guys to see how it is
telling you man this is shipped all the
way from Dubai man to Australia look at
this beautiful beautiful and then I'm
gonna answer all that everything turns
out great do me gang I'm gonna end the
vlog here if you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you guys give it a thumbs up
and go turkey I'm really really sorry
about the short vlogs I'm trying to give
you guys longer vlogs but seriously I've
been so so tired I don't know if you
guys are noticing freaking Yusef keeps
recording me sleep and it's like I love
I love a friendship man I feel like this
is getting us a bit more closer and he's
gonna upload his video tell you guys how
we used to hate each other and stuff and
like it's a legit story like it's an
actual actual story and I really want
you guys to listen to that story because
there's a lot of people who are Muslim
or Arabs and they hate each other and it
shouldn't be that way you know I'm
saying like this generation I want
everyone to love each other no matter
where you're from and especially with
the Arabs a lot of Arabs they just hate
on each other a lot of Muslim they just
hate on each other they should start
loving each other more and I feel like
the story with me and Yusuf it's a skin
a touch a lot of people's hearts so I'm
on yes make sure you guys check it out
do me and I'll see you guys tomorrow if
you guys haven't subscribed make sure
you guys subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow
because I'll upload videos every single
day see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you
a man I love early
