hey guys what's up at Duma gang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day a do me gang I'm
starting off my day here in the cold
cold city of Melbourne Australia what's
up man like it's winter no one's out
here but there will be a lot of people
and the melbourne australia show it do
me again you guys nearly sold out
literally like ten more tickets and I
know a lot of you guys are gonna come at
the door so I cannot cannot wait he's
gonna be a soap soap show that Adam eats
 tour Yousef he's gonna give a
crazy inspirational speech I've already
heard some of it in Cersei it's gonna be
an amazing amazing show he's gonna touch
you guys every single one you guys he's
gonna get to talk what you got and make
you guys you know feel upper and better
about yourself and then after that we
gonna turn up with chapter 2
I cannot cannot wait we're about to go
there right now I got gum in my mouth so
let's start off this la by giving it a
giant thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day it is windy I don't know if you guys
can hear the way but it do me gang I'll
see you guys in the next shot guys here
in de pl√°tanos yo seriously thank you
guys
oh my god yo I feel like I feel like
it's like a holiday right now thank you
I made these two girls keep laughing
like they're just laughing at me like yo
what
why do you laughing at me I love you
guys too thank you oh well like I don't
know I feel like there's something wrong
base or something you sure I don't like
a piece of hair or something why you
guys laughs look she's laughing at you
guys Khloe is taking over my a lot of
you oh yeah she got your merch you know
what go to his go to his blog
yo we really love bein a man Oh -
Shannon - you guys I told you give my
friend told you I told you the quiet one
with the beard I already know man guys I
found the new relationship gold couple
here in Australia it is ISM and Chris
right there all guys give it up is that
Chris back how long have you guys been
together nine years so when you guys
give me babies I guess some twins man is
something we're taking over his blog
I'm gonna send special little message we
love you so Adam in the Dena getting
married tomorrow so just so ya guys
we are backstage right now this is a ma
totally it comes had an emotional day
man yeah yo today today has been a
rollercoaster
even for me and I just want to give you
like a personal it's a personal issue
but maybe a personal shadow don't make
me cry thank you not seriously for
making me like what you I'm not gonna
say what you said because I'd rather not
anyone here but like you helped me a lot
use you declined the negative energy
that was supposed to come to me and you
let me go out and I positive came out
all about you since serious i'ma cry
noise when I get on stairs I want to
thank
and Nas cuz I asked them to come on this
tour which is a big thing because
they're letting me like you do beginning
I know how strong you guys are I know
how beautiful you guys are they let me
come on they trusted me to deliver and I
just think probably you should know your
boroughs are strong and you being on you
know you're talented you know
masha'Allah talented person so I'm not
gonna kill this what I got the
microphone we also got the homie James
here but not this you got this for me no
that jacket looks so firing into so
catchy
do me Aang I'm now in Sydney I wanted to
record my reaction of the big mistake
that I did in my vlog yesterday so if
you guys do know I know I messed up on
my vlog yesterday with the editing I
kind of like put the intro like three
four times I don't know I was just
literally bugging out I was so jet lag I
was literally asleep while editing I
don't know if you guys seen it but Yusef
he uploaded onto his Twitter me being
knocked the heck out while editing and
like I guess I was sleep editing I was
literally editing in my sleep how does
someone look this good while sleeping
this dude passed out while editing he
looks like an angel meanwhile my eyes is
here with pimple cream on my face I'm
gonna be waking up and seeing so many of
you guys this week saying oh my god Adam
you messed up with the intro or
something like that seriously I want to
tell you guys sorry it's my fault
because I was really really tired and I
didn't really want to send it to the
editor because I don't know sometimes I
just want to give her like a break or
like a day off and stuff like that I
rather do it myself but let's watch it
let's let's laugh about it I'll see you
I okay start salt like this okay alright
so normal looks okay I just repeated it
what the heck oh my god this is crazy as
heck oh my god I just repeated the whole
thing okay I think he gets worse I think
he gets worse
when we got
oh my god oh my god I'm so ashamed of
myself and that's not even the start of
my blog like oh my god what the heck how
did I even happen oh my god okay oh
what's the Freak oh my I now start oh my
god that was like a whole minute and 10
seconds that I messed up on seriously
I'm so so sorry once again I've just
been so jet-lagged so tired especially
with the time zones here in Australia
it's literally like a really bad time
zone especially for me so I'm all the
way from America so the time zones like
the total total opposite so it kind of
messes up with my mind so I'm trying to
get used to it so do me I'm really sorry
about that hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog it was an amazing amazing time in
Melbourne shout out to everyone out
there who came through was so much fun
you guys having on your tickets make
sure you guys get your tickets that Adam
eats calm do me gang up see you
guys tomorrow I'm so so sorry for this
short vlog but a really crazy big issue
happened we're like there was literally
a gin in our hotel room in our house
that we've rented in Sydney like it's a
creepy really creepy story I'll keep you
guys updated about that probably
tomorrow so do me I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace I love you
you
