Hey
everyone is a Laker fan now man
oh my god my god there's so much new
leak as well I told you everyone is a
Laker fan now man
oh my god
it'd do me game what is crackalacking
this is my last hour here in LA I'm
gonna miss it so so much
I'm with the homie yg West and a
building delight not an issue
yo man miss you so long miss you I miss
you oh you just got done filming a
challenge video which was I'm a vlog
yesterday and a clutch skit that we
pulled in for his channel I slapped you
so many times you know so let's just say
that Brown this and I slap you soldier
like on the juice lap and I'm like oh it
was good let's go buddy videos get home
you slap him harder all day are you
weird like what's going on with this
video video I don't say you gotta make
ruin your own MA you guys want to check
it out make sure you guys check it out
the link will be in the description down
below
um one thing I love about yg us is that
you always only be grinding know saying
yo I look for people like you both
Monday Monday
why would hear what happened Oh while we
were filming the video LeBron James
that's crazy officially in the Lakers is
insane the blink that's the same baby
how do we preserve him
maybe it's all news now for them but
that is crazy he's actually a Laker now
he was crazy like our group chat again
awesome 7 everybody now all of a sudden
they're like your friend's name
oh now that's gonna be a line to release
poems you sign the bandwagon for fuzzy
I've always been a Laker know you've
always done Kobe in LA because you'd
always you know it's backing up an are
Getti will consciously yeah I've always
kind of Lakers fan so LeBron yeah all
day I'm ready to leave right now I'm
just packing getting myself ready and
I'm on 16 to 17 hour flight let's see
how it go do me gang I'll see you guys
in a nutshell do me gang I'm spending my
last 30 minutes here in LA at the
Staples Center we're being a little bit
romantic but we're also going to the
Staples Center because you know Milan
James now with the Lakers so like it's
crazy it's a crazy story a story good a
real
I mean we're like five minutes away from
violence let's just go to another life
check out Ron James just look you this
let's make it like a like with LeBron
exactly start shading it started
changing its calling me boy yo LA you
guys are lucky man you guys don't
deserve LeBron seriously why don't we
deserve me shooter but you had a cold
beer already man that's exactly what do
you guys think about LeBron be joining
the Lakers are you doing yeah white
right it's a good day for the Laker fans
oh this is a good day for like if you
like you that you there or not I'm
saying you don't care you don't care I
love our damn man that's crazy you don't
went to the Knicks man what's it in New
York Knicks game Denver nah man you're
definitely lost a nugget that's crazy
man so we have someone who doesn't even
care about LeBron already like mommy's
right here from Illinois Illinois man
you're from LA I thought you're so happy
he's like yo tearing the stuff excuse me
oh yeah I've gotcha girl where's lady
excuse me ma'am but you know what's
going off him
we're the first Lakers fans show up to
show up here for the stable Center
literally is this where the bran is
gonna play on this guy's the first link
offense these only people these are the
only people here in stable center let's
see how excited they are LeBron James
LeBron James
excuse me how do you feel about LeBron
James joining the Lakers good yes Paul
George they say they're Shane f Paul
George no George you know what man I'm
Madhupur drew he didn't show up today
hates family events oh yeah exactly I
know he didn't show up there Paul George
man 5 to see you or not oh yo you ready
to see people go to some fans here with
their jerseys and stuff like y'all they
got the cat the Cavaliers been announced
that LeBron James going to check like 30
minutes ago and that is coming up so
much new Lincoln is a Laker fan now man
oh my god guys more and more people that
started to gather and come here I'm so
sad I'm leaving to Australia but
seriously stories I have more more
people look more families and everyone
is coming literally just gathering there
Corey Brown the Bronze Age LeBron J
let's go let's go yeah this is a crazy
day could like better LeBron James or
Alonzo ball just my name yeah I
appreciate it thank you so much maybe
subscribe this is my man thank you ah
here it is chilly man y'all waiting by
the lake is due to the gonna win the
finals this year or no didn't make up a
new york but I'm a Laker fan you know
Lincoln
I've always been a United New York
Knicks now I'm not a Knicks fan
I mean I represent New York but I don't
like the next the next I feel like their
owner their management team they're just
they're God they do do we yeah the trash
yeah but our ma he thinks for my fake
Lakers fan but I'm here bro I'm not even
gonna have a team and now he has a team
for sure I do I had the warrior zone hey
I like the worries - what's wrong with
that
he's mad at me how does that disrespect
and it's 18,000 on my neck I'm up dead
oh look Roger I never see I like the war
allegories chef Stef curry got a sick
feed yeah yeah I get sick feed
not like a nice haircut tilde he always
got a fresh shape up you know like I
admired that he always got a fresh you
know twist them up this is going in what
happens he's what who's better than
LeBron or Kobe you think so
if at LeBron yo LeBron has been passing
all this stuff though what's all like
the point is someone else look at this
more people just gathering up think so
but Mexico I'm half Mexican you know I
like Mexican you know Mexican my crazy G
I just hope the one man I hope yo what
up man LeBron what up man how's it going
man
nice to meet you yo the Energy's insane
man I feel like I'm leaving LA in a bad
time vibe right now I'm saying people
are like for like when the Laker fans
abroad they are lately here for the
league is like crazy I think I do right
there though why you got the rents there
you got the Warriors look the Warriors
of that says again we look right there
the Warriors guys see what you got a
point I am
true Lakers fan because as it today you
know like I'm one of the first fans to
go there so like to LA I cheered in the
streets of LA by staples they don't do
me again I just teleported here to
Australia with the homie use effusive
what up man you ready for this are you
ready yeah I did hey guys what's up ado
me gank I hope you're all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day you're saying I thought I
thought it's easy I don't know why it's
so cheesy but that's why I love it
should I stop I'm sure they'd like it
rather support you for years listen yeah
bossy some comments people were like oh
really
none as some people I don't know they
were just like all smooth awesome shitty
shitty should I keep every like I don't
know I don't know I'm focused on today
we are going to our first ever show in
Australia this is the first show we're
doing for the Adam eats tour make
sure you guys get your tickets the link
will be in the description down below
we're going to Sydney in a few days and
after that is gonna be the UK so I
cannot cannot wait we were freshening up
the homie metal is here to mental what
up man I doing bro doing good how was
the chillin
it was really long huh yeah mine was
yeah his one is longer you so they get
from New Jersey I believe and I came
from LA so it was like a 16 17 hour
flight for him it was like 24 hour
flight yeah like we left July 1st and we
got hit July 30 there like in a
different planet man but it's all good
we made it out here I'm ready to freshen
up let's see how it go is Melbourne I'll
see you guys in a few tonight or do it
