do we gig what's popular today is the
big day it is gonna be the ace family
versus team rice gum charity basketball
in fact I remember the first time when
my name was brought into this event I
had no clue like no one told me anything
I was randomly put in it and I think
it's gonna be a really great event
special e that it's for charity he'd
shout out to ace family for starting now
that's the main thing you always got to
do charity you know I'm saying but
today's gonna be a really really fun day
I have the squad coming through they're
getting here right now I gotta get ready
because I got to pull up to the game in
like an hour go do me gang let's start
up this life by giving it a giant thumbs
up and do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day so I
can't get sick of this view area yes I
can get cigarette I love it oh my god I
need to go freshen up because I'm
meeting so many new people today that
I've never ever met I do not know what
to expect so do me yeah let's see let's
see how it goes in the next shot you see
me in a whole squad together heading
there so do me a 1-2-3 I just met up
with the whole squad I'm here when the
keep the homies right here what Cass
Caius was goodie in the hoodie I adore
slim slim we all slim I've seen your
graduation videos with with um with your
I think your brother you sister you've
you going wild man today to not
cheerleaders duh saying like you know
like I need a motivation you know that
you know Jackson let's just shake we
also got the homie Elias Ally say what
up man I don't bro yeah I was telling it
like I really do not know what to expect
because like as I told you guys like
when we do events like with sneaker car
they they hit me up and like you know
they they let me know that like I should
say your boys more organized yes but but
it's a charity game so Sophia is the
charity exposing me though but like I
don't like I don't know what to expect
to be honest but we're gonna see we're
just gonna have fun with it and I'm yeah
how many points are you gonna drop I'm
uh I'm going hard I don't know like
remember those numbers they're gonna
remember the highlight so you gotta
cross someone who
and other person have to give him a
shout-out at the beginning on their
video make through video
that was to get a shout out
I don't know
seriously joking
quiet
things
we don't say yeah yeah
all right guys this is after the game
I'm a huge congrats today's family they
want I'm at least I got a participation
award but I think one of the eight staff
members deserve
it was a fun kazoo
dumi gang I'm back to my place here in
LA the usual I'm always in the bathroom
plugin I just got back from the game it
was such a fun experience I was hustling
my butt off trying to get the W
literally we were winning at halftime
but then I don't know the team I had was
literally our first times playing
together so it got kinda out of hand
then after that teammates down with me
caught up and they wanna congrats to
them thank you to everyone who came out
Thank You teacher and every single one
of you guys I seen you guys on Twitter a
lot of you guys were like oh my god and
why is he on a bench I chose myself to
be on the bench my team and rice gum
they did not tell me go to the bench but
then you guys know how I'm not saying
I'm just like oh now you guys played or
money it's all good every time I was in
the game I was hustling my butt off
there was even one point I got like
headlock and the rest ain't calling no
foul with nothing but it's all good in
the hood was so fun and the main thing
is it's for charity so it's really
amazing how they're helping the
unfortunate I had a blast here la
hopefully too many more events to come
like this maybe a box in one coming soon
but a dummy I'm wrapping up this blog
here I'm heading to Australia literally
tomorrow night thank you guys so much
for loving support if you guys enjoy
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me AK take care
