that's the crush me oh my god shame
which my rather good gosh not to check
and she technically is good
guys as you can see there's a couch here
all around here and then if you look up
and keep looking up where are you gonna
land in the couch or you should both do
you know how hot this is hi bro who do
you think you are a little pump or six
six nine jumping into the crowd is I
feel like you're gonna jump down what
look at how hot like bro be careful this
good is wow what a start of the vlog bro
just be like you start to lie here and
say what's up with doing it what's up to
me I hope you having a great day why
don't you go no you wild man we just
woke up literally boats instead a Drake
album right here in this do it yeah
how's that props maybe you would though
all right let me take a shower I'm a
shower I'm doing it
I'm showered up good yeah do me gang I
just got done going to savage jacuzzi
all of us me and a boy slim what costume
the key I did not jump over that thing
because slim he actually made a smart
decision after What did he say I said
you I don't want you to get an engine
for the basketball game bro because
you'll be playing roll you're right
you're right yeah they didn't want me to
jump what and to keep dead because they
don't me to get injured it's kind of
true you can you can get hurt I like
break your leg which is not good if
you're having a big game tomorrow what
they cook the same scared row what you
double dot he double dog dare me stuff
it on after the game okay I might have
to do I know
yes sir I should I going up huh come on
Ricky did it let me keep that I gotta do
it dumi x1 left jacuzzi I'm not gonna
jump over that thingy even though
they're telling me I'm not in trouble
I'm ELISA slip me once imma listen to
slip I get a diamond I can jump over
because I am going to see my crush right
now I'm gonna go surprise my crush
having seen her for like two years you
know with my crush on up
- Dino's Mukesh keke keke as it is in
Sonia sir who
Sonia Sonia why name until lasagna is a
mummy this is lazy is a geeky
ya know I got a surprise
don't you taking my mama G from me
brother
actually she's literally like like not
even like a mom like Oh like I love her
so much right now we're doing behind the
scenes go because she go you go we shot
a car runs in to see the mom guys were
you finished like half the food and
everything but huge shout-outs Awaji
mama G and whole family and a man right
there hi what's up yo yo thank you guys
so much man no no what is it tell me
what's it
khadijah is that your friend are you
cousin
she's friend I want to know what's that
drink it is so good what is it I know is
the secret is so good mama do it hey so
good guys I miss it so much
seriously thank you so much once again
for everything and I want ya Rima motion
your eyes come on
and comes up the princess guys finally
after like a whole week or like look at
this oh my god right here this is a
small world that I thought I'd do
literally a few days ago his video went
viral and I randomly bump into him and
stuff he was so so cool he knows before
my flight which is pretty crazy i watch
this video and i would have never
expected to know of my channel but he
was so
keep killing it keep spreading those
amazing energy about the ESM energy for
my coffee nonsense do we gank we're now
doing a little bit of shopping after
tomorrow I know I take so long shot I'm
so sorry watching no but we sum up have
a pretty boys well you know you're not
okay guys I don't know if you guys have
notices but I saw the guys you can put
anything on and you'll look good no I
don't mean the Kiwi just saying that
roll even card out bro you can play ad
on him look good oh they gonna shit a
button killed oh I take log man it's not
even that good no you hate shopping and
not finding something everything at la
like is like beachy close it is right
he's like oh I saw longer I love East
Coast by better now I know in style
a man I love
