doom again we got something what's them
you think it's funny
dumi gank what is cracking lacking I
hope you all are feeling great today
because I'm not feeling that great and
if I'm not feeling that great you guys
should still be feeling amazing even
during my down times I want you all to
be happy I'm gonna start off this vlog
by talking to you guys about what
happened with my video and that's kind
of the reason why I'm not feeling that
great because I feel like YouTube is
being kind of unfair and you guys let me
know what you guys think so I uploaded a
video called eating chicken nuggets
challenge literally all we did was eat
chicken nuggets we got the idea from
some other youtuber who ate chicken
nuggets literally there's a lot of
youtubers who ate chicken nuggets and in
my head I'm like are we eating chicken
nuggets is a fun challenge is a fun
family challenge I did it and then three
hours later my video got removed and
then I did more research I spoke to my
YouTube partner program but then I
looked all over YouTube and everyone
else's chicken nugget challenge was
still there so I felt like it's really
unfair that YouTube removed my video of
me doing the chicken nugget challenge
and literally everyone else is still
there I just feel like it's a bit unfair
it's like let me give you as an example
let's say everyone around this house
let's say everyone look at this in my
crib let's say everyone around this
house let's say everyone around this
house has a pool in their house and
you're allowed to have a pool and then I
don't know where New York City just
takes my pool away just mine and says
nope you're not allowed to have that
pool that would be unfair because the
house is there they have pools and then
my house doesn't have a pool which I
really don't understand so I'm still
working on it right now I do meeting
with YouTube to bring my video back like
I never ever complain about YouTube or
nothing by I'm fighting for my right I'm
fighting for my justice to bring my
video back I really hope everything
turns out great inshallah and the video
comes back but yes that's the thing
that's stressing me out and I'm just
waiting to see what goes on but anyways
to do me I'm leaving to LA literally in
a day and a half it is so so sunny right
now I feel like I'm in LA right now
after I go to LA I'm going straight to
Australia for the tour do me gang so if
you guys haven't gotten your tickets
make sure you guys get your tickets that
Adam eats calm the link will be in
the description down below the tour it's
coming it's already here and I need to
be ready let me know the comments below
how should I make my hair for the tour
should I change to a different color
should I keep it the same should I shave
it bald should I grow it out should I
don't know let me know in the comments
below you guys know me I always do
something really weird before tours so
let me know what you guys think I should
do in the comments below with dome again
love Holly just chilling right there man
looking he's chillin no worries in life
or nothing mashallah he looks like you
got a bit older you got lucky
bigger a lee hyolee hi oh he's so happy
you're happy today we're happy
hi talk to me bro
smile yes yes look at that's right look
at this right
look at that cute smile look at that Q's
right cutie legged thank you oh you
gonna pick up the phone
you gonna pick up the phone you gonna
pick out the phone
look he's so cute he's finally so he
just dead staring at me and smiling
right now
hi hi
look at me smiling hard he smiled and
hard yes thumbs up at all really
you're finally smiling now I don't even
know if you understands me and stuff
like Ali my dad is knocked out right
there and we got him just chillin over
here you chilling here you good there
I'll see you why take care my G take it
I go upstairs from hanging out Ali and I
see some what what the Freak look at
this man I was like a freaking ghost is
following me who is that
hello guys who do you think that is the
moss in ARIMA but what that your has how
this person know what the heck I'm at yo
my dude like I come back and this dude
how did he do this he moved his whole
blanket by myself you're a strong little
boy huh you guys want to know a fun fact
the homie alley at the age of one week
old he flipped over which is the same
thing as me when I was one week old I
flipped over to a nice smile look at him
look like a camera that's you boy as you
boy I see you boy Reba was sad from
Halloween I got a question for you who
was the ghost upstairs I don't know
don't G me Rima was it you oh nothing
wrong was it was a sale
so who was it so we got ghosts in this
house maybe what's nice is here the
ghosts see the ghosts are you the ghost
Ali
mmm-hmm what never give up
I'm gonna pick him up re sit down sit
down let me ask him first do you want to
get picked up by a ma Reema no he said
no yeah well he didn't he said no he
said no yeah Mawson I like his shirt
Muhsin were you the ghost were you the
ghost who's the ghost beemo
Muhsin were you the ghost why you so why
are you so wet huh
in the pool why you so oh my god
what kind of laughs is that what are you
why are you laughing like that yeah
Muhsin you're not the baby you're a big
boy now most under your baby you're a
big boy
no you're not he's the baby you're a big
boy now no I thought you say you're a
big boy no you're not yep yes it's all
hi guys we got the home you I'll leave
Ramon you're not holding my one hand
behind the neck one hand under the touch
right there and Wow good job room up
there good Wow like him Muhsin you're
not a baby no you're not huh
no you can't walk you know you can't
walk in really good let's what that's
the nail polish you did and now can't
come off I need nail polish remover you
guys do not know the nail polish story
that's because my video has been deleted
it was in the chicken nugget challenge
video I showed you guys why I have it
nail polish it's because I'm Watson and
it can't come off because I need nail
polish remover so remote do you have a
nail polish remover no yeah I'm trying
to remove mine I'm not a girl
you hiccup boy yeah Rima what the hell I
didn't even know you were recording Rima
hey open mouth what is that oh you got
yours mine of yours
I do me genk we got some Finn what's the
you think it's funny
who told my love like that what the heck
what the heck what the Freak LaVon what
the Freak yeah who is that
yo yo I'd even know what that is to be
honest in Loki I think I know who it is
judging by the bun
it's one of my niece's that's not on
camera is he stole no you're gonna be on
the camera to be a ghost on YouTube huh
yeah this is definitely her bun this is
here I want to remove it and I was sure
but go upstairs don't worry she'll go
upstairs buddy somebody coming over
I was right it was with my niece's who's
not on camera this girl knows everything
that I do she's the one that snapchats
me like every little second guys look I
hurt my freaking ankle running away from
the supposedly ghosts and now if freakin
burns man but I do me getting what I
always do at night that I never really
liked is play for tonight I bought this
small screen to play for night literally
so we bought the play the night we found
the way how to make always smile by
singing the ad watch this he's gonna
have a look at them together
we've always a glasses you know wearing
good Remo lokiry mug eyeglasses and she
hates it already right low-key no life
yeah but low-key don't I do you like
here you hate it you like it don't do it
why you got so much cheese in your mouth
you got so much cheese on your mouth oh
he's your favorite little brother what
about him it's not the time guys at the
time because stop just at the time is
that the time it's not the time look at
this
clapping clapping why you crying
clapping yeah but you should say he's a
favorite both of them a favorite little
brother okay
he's hurt now he's chillin he's enjoying
