no but when I kids do that
dumi game we are feeling great today and
I hope you all are feeling great okay
focus dad as you guys know we have like
8 9 to 10 days till my tour starts and
it do me gang it is going great let me
show you guys a little preview let me
show you that's pretty you guys want to
see it too
you guys gonna see it okay you guys are
gonna see it and you guys are gonna see
a cut it right now
you guys helped me so much in life
dumi gang I hope you guys enjoyed that
little preview you guys do not want to
miss this tour if you guys want to get
your tickets and you have you gotten
your tickets you can get it in the link
in the description probably I'll make it
the first one right the first one do me
yeah you can click put your foot down
Maji wait foot down put your foot down
it's not toes up its thumbs up
oh just kid right here look looking he's
a monkey legit I might do it look
literally you might throw you you sure
he loves it ready
yeah so Mulder knew something than
ordinary Hey mustard where's your
glasses no more glasses for you see
glasses
this dude hid his glasses and now he
can't find a man that's what you get for
ignoring me yesterday do we go we
cut it to the next shot let's do it
don't ya I gotta get my workout in I got
to get my basketball in you already know
the families are you're always bothering
me being around me - what just like what
Reema's doing right now
she's copying everything I say my little
bro is right there like a my dad is
right there hey hey hey June 30th a
family team rights gonna be really
really lit I cannot wait and after that
it's gonna be my date to the duma yet
guys while I was working out give a nice
go back home come on come on while I was
working out getting ice cream for the
kids these low two kids try to throw a
rock at Riemann Wilson rather well and
they call me the p-word and they ran
away no kid like ten eleven years old
yeah between I kids do that who is it
who is it who was it you know what
who was it be honest you you said Adam
you're a and you should do
something you say be honest I like
people to tell the truth your kids I'm
not gonna hurt you I just don't you
going around do stuff like that we're
just two little kids look they have an
ice-cream each other and you doing that
don't be doing that man don't do
that look my whole family's out now look
my whole family my whole family vote
yeah is that brother but next time don't
don't be throwing stuff and cursing us
up like you had a little kid seriously
look you gotta apologize what you did
apart is good don't do that again right
don't do no dumb stuff like how do you
go huh they're gonna be good do you live
around there yeah
what do you live you're good I know he's
a punk sorry guys seriously I was in the
middle of my workout the ice cream truck
came I literally got read my ice cream
and everything then after that these
dudes literally try to throw something
lift while at the ice cream truck and
they call me P word and ran away I was
confused man how do you call me P word
throw something and run away I mean I
understand the little kid and stuff I
rather teach them now instead of being
like instead of them doing like a dumb
mistake no there's no common please the
little kids it's good to teach them low
kids make mistakes - everyone makes the
same we forgive you the next time don't
do that you do that next time I'm coming
to you crave and I'm finding older
brother i'ma find his older brother if
he does it again okay
dumi game I just got done working out I
have even took a shower cuz I'm not
really in a good mood even though I let
those kids slide they kind of ruined my
day in a way I was literally hanging out
playing basketball working out with my
little brother a lot of my family
members came through my oldest niece
came her husband came remember like two
years ago I had a vlog of a marriage and
stuff oldest niece if you guys do not
know he is 23 years old she's married
her husband is here literally was like
our first time hanging out aside so I
supposed to have a chill Family Day you
know what I'm saying it's like the
beginning of summer here in New York
City like I moved into this place I
moved into the new Adams family house
during the wintertime so it was really
cold it was really quiet no one really
came around vans did come here and there
but now I feel like now that the summers
started there's gonna be more people
coming which I'm noticing I believe
these two kids that came through they're
probably just these two young kids who
grew up from probably like around the
area whose parents are rich and it
didn't really raise them right because
seeing them being disrespectful and
trying to throw a rock at me remod
Mawson wow I'm getting ice cream for
them right in front of my house right
and my property was really disrespectful
like I just wanna know what was going
through those kids mind do they really
think I'm just gonna be like oh my god
why we threw a rock oh my god you call
me P word you can go I kept it cool
because they're really young kids and I
wanted to give them kind of like a
lesson and to be honest I don't know if
they were haters of mine I don't know if
there were fans trying to get my
attention
I think Loki was just haters I don't
know who just don't like me and my
family which is kind of dumb dude my
family's like young and say how can they
just came right now from playing
seriously those kids got really really
lucky I didn't that hey let's put the
beads on because Hannah came up I was
about to buy was like seriously we're
supposed to do a crazy challenge for you
guys today and we're gonna do it
tomorrow because of this whole issue
that happened as you guys know from an
Arab mother perspective my mom was
bugging out no she's so scared cuz
someone has shot throw a rock at them so
kind of put us away from like vlogging a
bit and trying to do the challenge for
you guys cuz my mom was going crazy and
I have to talk where it's all what
happened to stuff but seriously man to
every kid out there if you guys ever
gonna come to someone's house if you're
a fan of them I'm a big fan of I'm a big
fan of Drake I'm a big fan of who are
you a big fan you're a big fan of cardio
a big fan of um ebq cardi B high so
let's say you know what cardi B lives
would you go through her house
and it goes out around the fan of hook
so hold up so if you know what cardi B
lives you would go in her house and not
gonna door okay it's a good thing Rima
says she'll go - she rumors friend I
mean with us with the Adams family
obviously we're all really nice but to a
hater if you're a hater of someone why
would you go with your time and going to
do something really dumb and it can get
you in trouble why risk your life man
you have a whole life to yourself you
have so much things you can do this
summer to start you know hang out with
your family go play some sports don't go
and throw rocks man don't be a hater and
if you do hate someone don't do anything
spread love man after everything that's
been going on just it's just sad to see
kids doing that I'm really hurt by
seeing an 11 year old - 11 year olds
doing that I believe one of them said it
wasn't him but the other one admitted it
was him mihaela your question what would
you do you're a fan of cardi B would you
go to her house let's see here I answer
I say no why I feel like should feel
uncomfortable because like invading your
personal privacy oh you hear that Ramona
yeah would you still go to a house cardi
B sups walked in your room isn't hiding
meketa q what were you doing so if a fan
comes in Y using the bathroom says the
oh can I get a picture were you gonna
say no dollars didn't remember six she
saw a baby what you're a baby I'm saying
your face don't put my mama every mother
had that tell them I'm happy because it
was pretty wild and then they went away
yeah
they ran away and I was like yeah you're
my little brother murdered mate schema
who's like yeah who did that come over
here and then I felt like they were just
like helpless they literally came back I
don't know why they would come back if I
was in a position I have to dip I'll
poppies are running like this you're
gonna catch him chocho true I would have
caught them because I was really
disrespectful what they did
you know what Reba you just you just
shush you just be you okay yeah you're
sweet girl okay Highland you tell them
what happened from your perspective Hey
oh it's in the house yeah and all the
ice cream truck came and then so we all
walked up to the ice cream shop and then
I saw you yelling outside I don't know
who I'm gonna see and then saw them come
back not scare they to them who did the
thing they did which was like their
Roxanne remaining yeah and I was like
why would you ever try to do that that's
yeah that's so dumb what the hell and
the fact that like did anything I was a
punk like they just think like I'm not
like they just throw that out of me like
I might be come on come on but seriously
on a serious serious note to anyone out
there if you're ever gonna go to
anyone's house be respectful do not be
rude man
this world is short man you don't want
if you don't want anything dumb
happening man I appreciate you guys to
those who cares I really hope you guys
are okay do me again thank you guys once
again for your love and support
I'm so sorry that this had to happen you
guys have to witness it and it really
sucks that I had to be kids I really
hope they learned their lesson when I
spoke to them kids do not do that man
why would you hate on little kids man
how can you they're innocent like
they're not doing nothing anything bad
so be nice man be nice cuz if he don't
be nice then the negativity is gonna
come straight back and trust me and
we'll come back to you and you can see
right now look we're just playing
basketball like used to say basketball
as I told you guys my oldest nieces
husband is playing basketball and my
little brother you okay be careful
right there look you can see no putting
this Yusef this is Yusef this is my
niece's husband is my little brother I
think it's the neighbor the plaints want
to remember it again I always spread
love if you don't want to spread love
and just just stay quiet unless someone
is asking for like you know like the
campaign to come on
for me I do react more than here the
moment I always wear a crazy man so like
wait you did you did you then good man
but one thing would have been smart -
like taking those kids to their parents
boats no with you know yeah I just
thought about that did not should have
took them to their parents think the
same thing 11 years old man I say Mouse
in Lebanon just chill at home I mean
yeah I see do dumb to be like but
still that's why I gave you a chance
balance it at the same time you're right
like during the heat of the moment you
get like you get angry you just gave me
a mic so true they can want to someone
else and someone couldn't like you know
hurt them or something like that so I
guess they're lucky
that's ammaji got you and you might want
to call you and get your perspective
right I'll see you soon though I MIG
take care in a few days to do me gangrel
all going paintballing literally is
gonna be a squad of like 20 meets lynn
will cost in the key to home yusuf islam
I meant Sofia I believe so many people's
gave me really really dope so stay tuned
setup vlog go me gay I'll do it again
looking ugly look him hello I need to
get my daily smile at a day huh huh make
me smile again he's yawning
he don't care you don't hey sleepy hmm
anyways I'm ending the vlog here once
again I'm so so sorry that this vlog had
to be like this and not a positive crazy
ratchet blog but I really hope you guys
at least learn to less than adieu me
gang well not do me getting anyone who's
watching this I really hope you guys
learned a little lesson he's yawning
right here I'm gonna go Paulie to sleep
makes you guys drop a like do me
smash that like burn do not forget to
subscribe if you guys want to stay
updated my videos every single day take
care do me a and peace I love you I
can't really also do me ganger gotta
tell you guys I look like a complete oh
my god my hair is it metal forgot to
tell you guys that the announcement or
the iPhone giveaway remember with
knapped er I've liked that about a week
or two ago in Dubai will be announced on
the 24th which is tomorrow all you have
to do is leave a light and leave a
comment below either on this vlog or any
one of my vlogs from the past two weeks
and I'll be choosing one person who wins
an iPhone X and not there's gonna be
choosing one person on his channel and
you guys got to be subscribed you gotta
be following me on Twitter snapchat
MySpace Facebook literally everything
Bowman I think it's so so if you guys
want to participate and have a chance to
leave a comment below
