i'ma try my best to convince him to talk
to me I don't even know if he
understands me is only three years old
muscle yo
hello talk to me talk to me
you're do me gig what is cracking I
really hope you guys are feeling great
today if you guys aren't make sure you
guys watch the vlog hopefully this vlog
can make you guys smile and make you
guys feel a little bit better I'm
starting off the day by seriously just
standing here and just looking at the
Sun and letting the Sun Shine and being
thankful to God Allah all praise due to
the Most High
I woke up a few hours ago and Marcin has
been ignoring me I think he just watched
the vlog where I was ignoring him and
now he's ignoring me literally he's
walking away from me and I'm not gonna
lies gave me kind of tight man because I
want I want attention to Muslims it's
going to crimp guys I finally got Muhsin
to smile and to be in the vlog but he's
not talking to me at all literally he's
just looking like this like how are you
doing how's your day hello
just do this so normal I hate it I hate
you then I said I hate you you know oh
my god mama he's not talking to me this
kid is so annoying man he's enjoying
every second he's enjoying every second
of this man what the hell another thing
I forgot to tell you guys is that
whenever Watson messes with me whenever
I'm babysitting him this dude hi and he
doesn't say anything like I don't know
where he's at and he forces me to
literally look for him and play hide and
seek man Martha oh my god my frickin bed
is a mess maybe he's here
I don't know it seems he's not there
yeah definitely probably in this closet
or something what the heck Hayden what
are you doing here what the heck you do
to my closet once you come to my house
what the Freak what are you doing that's
scary as creepy as hell what are you
doing get out of my closet get get out
of my car we're doing must what the
Freak you heart David always Muhsin you
bumbo malson muffin hello oh my god man
stop scaring me what look what is he
doing gave me tight yeah I don't think
he's gonna say a word in this vlog
but why is he walking like that his beef
he's being a punk well marcin come back
oh my god
Helen be honest did he tell him anything
No
be honest hailer cause if I found out
you've told him anything did you tell
him anything or no no you sure let me
see your nails are you guys Freddy
Krueger nails what the heck you're what
the but you can freakin stab someone
with these nails hey you know what the
heck that's a good thing he said what me
it's a good thing
so defense what I didn't do nothing all
I'm not in another video below so he's
gonna ignore me now he's uncle where's
nothing all right guys now he's hiding
somewhere upstairs I have no clue where
he's at I'm not even look for many more
oh wait he's here with that he's right
here
look what's up Bubba hi Bubba
doing good you know Mawson's not talking
to me right why I don't know Muhsin he's
not talking
he's ignoring me I don't know I ignored
him like last week or week and a half
ago and he got mad
does that mean you see sad I think he
said nothing's mad at me or something oh
he's gone come come with Uncle Adam come
on I got him now you can't ignore me now
am i doing you can't ignore me now my
dude I don't know is this problem man he
came with no shoes yeah yeah mini star
Yamini star where you from
huh how old are you hello hello hello
talk to me talk to me what he's doing
about look wheezing look oh don't do
that don't do that he's gonna bite it
stop
hello hello
this kid is annoying man well hello my
son Muhsin karma is a beach karma is is
gave me type on the Muhsin
Mawson i mean best friend yo I'm gonna
use what he did on me I'm your best
friend wasn't yo ya'll believing is
doing well I'm gonna I'll leave me a
screw this Han to get attention from I
need to get my daily dose of attention
guys guys one of my niece's is here that
I never ever put in vlogs she just
graduated middle school today
congratulations girl congratulations
congratulations congratulations how do
you feel you know being like you know
I'm going to high school now how do you
feel
oh you can't speak you came to speak you
can't be speaking boy huh you came and
speak in the vlog say what up now she's
snapchatting you know the heck I think
you're not you're not gonna speak we're
gonna snapchat me huh well
congratulations mrs. mute I'm just
roasting my whole family because Marcin
is ignoring me man squeak girl
congratulations congratulations where's
Ally huh
I got no attention today I know I was on
the phone phone telephone tunneling
every day telephone tell them the time
is that telephone the Queen's on my god
okay okay Ella back okay Andi Illya
I want attention Conner wake up my G
that's when it paedon my can pet him
okay so fine fine do me gag I guess no
one wants to give me any attention today
did you manage to be home
maybe somewhere think about it
a blue light you know what screw this
I'm gonna go smoke some shisha do me
gang look hiccup boys finally up and I'm
making him laugh look at this I have you
be hi hi
look at me smiling yeah the hiccups he
does have the hiccups look do me game
remember what I told you guys whoever
gets tickets in the next 24 hours for
the atom meets food seat or five people
will be getting free merch on the day of
the show and these are the five winners
the first one is mabashi death but
congratulations mabashi next month the
second one is Vani Rosita Vani
Reseda congratulations Aslam Chaudhary
congratulations Aslan Chowdhury manana
Abdul Rahman meaty and last but not
least Ali to finally congratulations you
each one free merch on the daily show in
whatever city you're after you guys
having on tickets make sure you guys get
your tickets you guys do not want to
miss it stay tuned I cannot cannot wait
I'm so so excited I cannot wait to even
release more dates in different cities
different countries so stay tuned I'm
gonna try my best to convince him to
talk to me I don't even know if you
understand him he's only 3 years old
muscle yo hello
talk to me talk to me
this do this do this or talk to me can't
be singing twiglets will you talk to me
Mawson look the ticks up let's take a
video more phone right we take a video
for my Instagram story ok I guys look
I'm here with moss and see what's up hey
what's up boss him yo hello guys hello
say what's up now he's eating a banana
muffin big hug big hug Adam big hug a
big hug hey Wow Muhsin I'm your best
friend
I mean best friend where did I go wrong
alone mr. Fred somewhere alone you all
right
hi save a life where did again look I
caught him red-handed
caught him red-handed caught him think
it dude buzzing you're not funny come up
and talk to me Muhsin talk to me talk
law did my god guys go I'm getting
anxiety from this dude my G oh my do it
what's wrong with you okay fine I'll
close it then this dude really watching
his iPad like you know that's it
I'm ignoring you he does not care
I can't be trying to close it he does
not care what is he about come look
Mawson look what my son is doing
I'm snitching on the zoo but look at him
come look what who does this himself you
just ignored me he's still not talking
to me he said those want to talk he only
talks to you try to talk to him talk to
mother he's he's talking to you tour now
is he talking to you too or no muslin my
dad what I just love to give lipstick
what does like scooters doing lipstick
yo you got to come out you gotta come
out
you're a baby you need to talk to me
Nick Isabel I'm done I'm officially done
it'd do me yeah I just got back from
Starbucks and this person it's still
right here you spoke to me you spoke to
me can you give me a hug
Watson give me a hug
oh wow my your best friend what did you
talk to me before huh who told you she
told you not to talk to me Wow hi Andy
um I gotta tell you what so mark can you
please tell me what are you doing first
of all can you please tell me who told
my Santa to ignore me huh Mawson doesn't
lie that's one thing about Mawson's he
may be a bad boy he may curse here and
there but he doesn't mind - stop playing
for a night Tommy hi Lou oh my god
you're not seeing it no no no who told
us to take Norman huh
tell me I don't know you don't know oh
well um uh Madison told me that you told
him to ignore me is that true no Mostyn
is that true he said yes do you not do
you know what I had to go through all
day what and you played it off like it
was of you it's better off knowing
enemies I'm gonna get my control there
why would you listen Taylor huh why
would you listen to us
huh why would you listen turn now you
can ignore Hale okay we're gonna all
gain or highlight yes we are we're
getting no from now on I'm gonna eat
okay okay all right talk to me go to
believe yeah good job
he's it going on you know no don't
ignore her don't against paisa well
rimas mi I don't think he's I don't
think he's talking about it
Mimi just came back from the pool you
had fun hey hey stop stop stop he's
ignoring you too I think
stop me must have friends lik say I love
you you know I'd know attention the
whole day oh my god where's the glasses
I didn't eat it
oh hey stop ma says she loves you just
giving you a kiss hey do me a gay guy am
ending the vlog here I really hope you
guys enjoyed this bike today make sure
you give it up and go you know we're not
talking Ireland's hey you think what I'm
thinking so guys come on as you guys
know I'm doing something again just to
get my revenge and I'm I just want to
get my payback from this do as much as I
know how bad it feels it feels so
annoying me so bad but I'm on and it's
all good in the hood but uh yeah we'll
see how it goes
I really like you guys I really hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog and I'm uh yeah
yeah don't don't
so yeah I love you guys do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
October
sorry I'm sorry what you mad at me
why because I'm ignoring you why mad at
you take Normie and I'm mad at
and I'm mad I hate or hailer what any
way to do me hanging I'm wrapping up
this blog I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you I love
you mustn't hey Bubba
oh my god
