and to the people tweeting all these
mean stuff let me ask you guys one
question
here do me gang what is popular stuff I
want to say thank you guys so much for
clicking on this video the fact that you
guys clicked on this video and you're
looking forward to have a daily dose you
know of a smile from Adam solid vlogs
meet so much at the same time anyone can
just click my video even a hater can
click my video but now seriously do be a
thank you guys so much for always coming
through every single day I already know
I'm always out here every single day to
turn up with you guys I want to start
off to live my letting you guys know
that Jim Matt won first place on his
basketball game texted me right here
remember yesterday when me and him were
playing one-on-one
I was letting him train I was letting
him practice because he had a basketball
game the next day and the homie just mad
one he is not just the roastmaster is
even Steph Curry with a shot boy who
could do it I hope can make their leg
reach higher whoop you see that jamak
congratulations to you you are the man
keep it up man more ones to you and do
me gang I literally have around two
weeks left until the tour starts it
starts off in Australia do me gang
Melbourne Sydney to make sure you guys
get your tickets and then after that
it's gonna be the UK the Adam eats
tour can get your tickets in the link
down below I'll be choosing out five
people who get tickets in the next 24
hours who will win my new merch season 2
of ado beginning March here's a little
preview of the picture right here so
make sure you guys get your tickets in
Nice 24 hours and choosing five people
I'll let you guys know the winners
tomorrow do me yeah this is the first
time I bring out the homie I'll lead to
the trampoline look look at him he's
looking around he's like is that the sky
its life man life is crazy look at me
hello why do you ignore me
is he doing the ignoring challenge yo
Holly look hello hello hello Holly Holly
baby baby baby
hiccup boy I leave I leave cuz do does
not give no I want attention man trying
to suck in my bicep thinking it's a
movie it's not a booby look am Johnny
trying to eat my boobies
yeah as I told you guys I'll be doing a
prank on my dad the steroid prank feels
so good that I could say in the vlog cuz
my dad doesn't watch my vlogs but my mom
she watches it every single day
literally my mom is my number one and
doomy but I think I'll be doing the
prank tomorrow instead because I still
need to buy a fake needle I still need
to set it up and get ready intake for
now I'm gonna have a chill day with the
homie Ollie and you guys we're having to
chill day together you know what I'm
saying I hear all your mother go get it
right now has come it do me angry mom
Austin they are not here so I'm stuck
with the homie I'll leave right here
every day I'm gonna try to make him
smile man I have to make me smile every
day he didn't smell it yo he spoke to me
what's up boy
I'm your uncle I'm uncle Adam her name
is Ali Saleh my name is Adam Saleh again
he's so happy when he's happy today
he's finally starting to smile or do me
yeah hi
we'll be hanging out the way bro I feel
like he's trying to box me look he's
here putting these guards up Jojo you
wanna fight what do me getting in the
next shot I'll be telling you guys a
crazy crazy story and I really hope it
inspires you guys so I'm law yeah cut
the shot do me gang so as you guys know
it's been all over the news a rapper
that goes by the name of xxx sent us yo
and has killed in Miami Florida
there's see you guys do not know how I
feel right now I literally feel like
crap I got the chills because I just I
literally can't believe it so many
people are dying it's just so scary I've
always been a fan of X x-axis music nice
lin nikki will cost we've always been
jamming to his music since years ago to
hear about him dying at the age of 20
getting shot by someone who was trying
to rob him seriously breaks our heart
baby rest in peace boston prayers are to
his family to his fans to his loved ones
i really hope they stay strong and one
thing i'm gonna give you guys real talks
with adam right now one thing that i
really dislike is that the fact that he
has maybe not so good of a past it
doesn't make him a bad person he was
really really young lose 20 years old
and the fact that people are still
tweeting stuff like this i'm sure
look our prayers have been answered xxx
sent us yon got shot now he's dead let's
have tea
you all are sick mind that after all he
did y'all be praying for him to rest in
peace don't worry he has a place in Hell
to burn the fact that some people are
tweeting that and letting it be seen in
public just shows that you're not a good
person
the man was 20 years young he was still
learning you were still going through
life man the fact that people are saying
yes he's dead who cares he hit a woman
before so who cares if he's dead just
cuz he hit a woman before it doesn't
mean you have to wish death upon him and
the fact that someone killed him someone
did God's work on him it's really really
sad you never know maybe he was growing
and being mature and trying to be a
better person from his music I'm not
gonna it helped me through a lot of
times you know he been through a lot he
explained it through his music and one
thing that always inspired me about xxx
is that he always gave back he always
gave back to charity it was in Florida
giving back to charity and he got shot
and killed and to the people tweeting
all these mean stuff let me ask you guys
one question you can't forgive someone
how do you expect God to forgive you
matter of fact let me tell you guys a
story this is story time with Adam and
this is a true story when I started
YouTube in 2012 I remember this day as
if it was yesterday it was like the
first month of me being on YouTube I had
around 500 followers on Twitter and I
had this one hater literally this hater
will hate on me every single day I
remember he was bashing my mom he was
bashing my family you know seriously
between me and tell me you would never
go anywhere in life you make Yemenis
look bad you're a horrible person
this dude hated on me so much to the
point where I still remember his first
and last name I remember how he looks I
remember his profile picture I remember
everything because this dude got to me
it made me feel like and obviously
I really disliked him I mean how can I
like a person who hated on me like that
but I really disliked him man I believe
two years later I seen this hater on the
news I'm not even joking to do me and
wallah seen this dude on the news and it
said breaking news this person's
daughter has passed away falling off a
balcony or something like that but all I
know that it was on the front page of
the news and this kid's daughter the
hater of mine his daughter passed away I
was so so sad I was heartbroken even if
this dude he hated on me so much even if
he cursed my mama
because my data I was still so sad man I
saw had a heart I forgave him for
everything that he's done to me I pray
for him I pray for his daughter I prayed
for everyone in his family because death
is not a joke man people are tweeting
about death like it's a joke and to that
man the one who hated on me from the
beginning of my career I love you with
all my heart and I really hope you're
going well I forgive you for everything
that you've done
I forgive people because I always think
of my head as I've told you guys I can't
forgive someone then how would God
forgive me and my first reaction wasn't
yes his kid died who cares this dude was
hating on me all his life he cursed my
mama he Chris my whole family he
deserved that that shouldn't be anyone's
reaction death isn't a joke it can
happen to anyone that can happen to you
it can happen to me and I really hope
you guys can forgive people and always
be positive man don't think of the
negativity always think positive and the
same thing with xxx he passed away today
and a lot of people are hating on him by
don't care what people think he was
becoming a better person and that's all
that matters he was still a kid he
hasn't even had a chance to become an
adult
it wasn't even 21 yet but a do me I
really hope you guys learned something
with this blog the story that I told you
guys if you did make sure you give us
value giant thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
I'm done talking to you guys and do me
gang I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much for love and
support take care and peace hey do me a
you're still watching and you're amazing
I still got an extra part where Remo was
vlogging on my camera the other day and
she literally just called me right now
she's like Adam are you gonna put this
in the black I'm like yeah I'll put it
of like fine I'll put on the vibe but
here it is Remo just randomly vlogging
around the house without even me knowing
so next time tell me if you're taking my
camera girl I have a meeting happy day
so I'm bringing this to my dad going on
he's here
don't you Annie
he's on and my dad is watching
everything right now is Oh miss patty go
to sleep Hey look at him eating he was
