it'd do me game what is papi and I hope
you're having an amazing day I am
starting off the day by meeting up with
the homies slim Sophia the key vikas
we're actually going to Coney Island
look at this guys look how crazy it is
like chillin man this is New York City
and wasps see that they're walking in
the street how you gonna walk in the
street this is such a New Yorker spot
we're gonna have a chill-out we gonna
relax and after that I'm gonna show you
guys the crazy crazy prank that I pulled
on Rima let's start off the fly by
giving it a giant thumbs up and do me
again let's see if we can get 40,000
thumbs up a doobie gang because I'm
literally vlogging while my uber drivers
here so it's kind of awkward for me but
the thing is in my head I know hundreds
of thousands of you guys are watching so
I have to do a man can't be embarrassed
man you saw something in the video where
you answer the last time I saw him let's
just say I saw what you say because I'm
looking at my tweets now guys like I
just met the home he came through thank
you guys
 like know same guys we got big this
one there's oh my god the London from
the black-and-white these rides are old
so I got the swing again they're not
going to swing cause I'm going to swing
you you're good it's not going to swing
it's not more by Nikki
Coney Island
thank you so much
that was come on and keep want to keep
come on
he's meant to stare silently staring at
me for a hot minute what up man you two
go man thank you okay he's Chuck thank
you
thank you that kid we just follow in
there just staring at me all the time so
I decided plug the plug when I did he
started speaking so guys only in
Brooklyn where you see do not enter with
a hoodie or mask row what do you be
someone decide well is there a link to
it oh you want Brooklyn man I know I
even Brooklyn to this place I dare you
put on a honeymoon everybody's alright
so to stop for you to get in trouble do
anything what's up I'm in my bathroom
right now you have the genius TVs prank
to do today confess already no Adam I am
the prank master so this is what I'm
gonna do as you guys know rema has a new
hairstyle her bangs the stuff that she
shows off in yesterday's vlog but I want
to ask you guys a question especially
until the girl what would happen if you
were sleeping and you wake up and your
hair becomes longer by this much what
would you do you bug out would you like
it I don't know but let's see how a
six-year-old to react I mean six and a
half rainbow she goes to sleep
everyday at 9:00 p.m. so right when she
goes to sleep I'm gonna put this on her
head and then I get a wake her up right
away I'd be like yo your hair looks
amazingly beautiful let's get the prank
start thumbs up into me yet
okay how do you like talking you sleep
and stuff you're talking you sleep you
okay
you mean Marcin you scared Watson you
ran away cuz you were talking asleep you
were like I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you
yeah you okay you sure stand up you look
different I don't feel like something
looks different on you did my day look
good begs you know why is your hair that
long your hair oh right he had this long
what the heck what the heck says I says
I don't don't look why is your oh my god
I think you might be an alien what
happen I don't know what happened I
don't how to help you you know what I
think it is your princess your Rapunzel
I think every time you sleep you're
gonna be longer
we must come come
relax relax what happened it's just hair
Thank You Akane
what do you mean can you cut it I think
if you cut it is gonna turn like double
legs gonna grow up more let me see
yeah I'll definitely be mummy are you
gonna be human
no way no I think you just I think
you're gonna slowly turn to it like a
monkey he's gonna go here and your body
and stuff you know it's no closed eyes
closed eyes closed eyes I'm gonna make
go to it I mean go I cook content okay
count to ten yeah okay stand up ah it's
gonna be gone he has gone it's gone is
it gone
you can't tell no one but like I know
how to do like magic but I know how to
grow your hair and I know how to like I
know how to do some crazy stuff real you
heard me do not come yeah I couldn't
make him come back I want to I want to
make your hair grow anymore I'm gonna
make a good sleep 10 more seconds is
gonna go watch watch on my shoulder yeah
pretty much sleep 10 seconds no just try
it trust me
stand up
I don't think it go away every mom I'm
my Reema what are you doing it's fake
okay let me just try it on you again it
looks so nice on your fake it's big good
noisy oh my good look come here
