you need to be million in that you need
to be all up in his face right literally
like right in his face I ain't
eight Mubarak to everyone else and
celebrates it I really hope you guys
have an amazing day with your family or
with your close ones right now it's
still not eat to me but while you guys
are watching it's AIDS enjoy it have fun
and if you're a guy over the age of 18
don't forget to give eat money and if
you're a guy in here at 25 years old
don't get a heart henna on your hand I
got a heart handed here every my
shoulder your heart in it
we both got hearts right here and the
reason why we're not showing Reema right
now is because Reema has a surprise for
you guys right now she has a new
hairstyle meeting her right now will
literally like taking showers I got my
hair cut she got her little hair cut
we're cleaning up we're getting ready
for a tomorrow and she wanted to
surprise you guys with your new haircut
you look so so cute I read each other
yes
you sure all right come groom is tearing
up this she's so happy she's a looker
she said one two I'm dying
we've got base wow you look beautiful
perfect
why is the me perfect yeah yeah she
likes okay bye tell them bye do me Gais
as you guys know the World Cup is
finally here and there's this really
dope free multiplayer game that everyone
can play with their friends it's called
head ball - and this game is available
in iOS iPhone Android I literally have
it on my phone when I play nozzle once
every single day and it's the perfect
time to play because the World Cup is
out here I'm about to play NAS live
right now he's at the airport in Dubai
heading to London I'm in New York City
we're about to play each other and do me
do it let's do it without to have the
match right now one yeah let's go whoa
whoa let's go come on wrap it wrap in no
no
ah yes yes yes yes adobe games you guys
want to download this game you can
download it from the App Store for free
the link is in the description down
below the first 5,000 people who use my
promo code right here would get five
thousand free gold coin they trust me
you guys need it to get your characters
up there the promo code is right here
now boom again let's get to the ask Adam
Saleh
Q&A I feel like I should do a Q&A every
single month just to update the new
subscribers it to have fun with every
single one of you guys so you guys can
get to know me a bit more and when I
told you guys to ask me questions on
Twitter literally like 95% of the
questions were mostly about my marriage
like men I didn't know my mom is asking
me these questions I thought it was you
guys do me
yup I'm roasting you guys I called you
guys my mother not mysteriously most of
the questions were like literally about
marriage and like I'm not trying to make
the whole thing about marriage so I only
chose out a few questions until I get
better questions next time when you get
old and can't do vlogs anymore what is
going to happen to your YouTube channel
will you stop or give it to your nephew
niece future son or daughter um I don't
really know the future but let me ask
Rema Rema come yeah I'm out what should
I do with my youtube channel when I get
older oh so do it
I guess I'll still do it ha oh yeah next
question PC or Mac as you guys know I
like I love my Mac I'm an Apple kind of
guy you know I'm saying what remember
talking about Mac lately like the laptop
not not macaroni and cheese I mean why
not until this is like my last day of
Ramadan it's the last days well you're
having a macaroni cheese in my face
take the macro sing the song in Spanish
I can actually read Spanish but I don't
really understand it so I can read the
lyrics right afford Esposito yes spicy
you know that's not that that's that's
my Seto can laugh at it
Toula burrito yes ed do you want a
cookie
chocolate chip actually I don't know
oh you're very good who's your latest
crush all right so this is gonna be kind
of tough because like I don't know who's
my latest crush but I don't know how to
like cry no take a chill pill stop
you're timid a ting go learn in school
what that means to come back you have to
go to see why would be is he doing it's
late right now go
what she's good
my latest crush is this girl on
Instagram I don't really want to save
this as a girl on Instagram yeah yeah
okay next question I already said next
question I want to be mentioned in your
vlog please say my name
hello Adam Sarah Anna Solley I love you
thank you so much for everything I love
you so so much
stop biting my hand girl are you
planning on releasing more music in the
future yes me and Rima gonna have a
track together baby I'm gonna drop you
the beat you can rap okay so apparently
kiss I'm lonely Paul they gotta ask some
like party or something
let's see because I've been waiting to
see their press conference just haven't
confirmed what I think is gonna win I'm
already calling the winner from now so
ever wins man I'm here man I don't care
I'm not scared fight anyone yep Logan
just said his head of the size of a
watermelon yo he violated his
yeah I kind of go back inside man he's
getting roasted
you're not even understands well kiss
how would you say men on your sweet
speaking he sounds nervous you can't
even know he's saying he's like no less
than joke kiss I don't think your bottom
in the way low applause handling it he's
handling it manly man you need to be
million in that need to be all up in his
face right literally like right in his
face I ain't no I'm not man what you
gonna do what would think you gonna do
huh I can't talk to you q sorry you're
so annoying man like every time
something happens he always tries to be
in there and go in this father I get out
of here man all you do is tell the
freaking news you ain't got no talent
bro but a do me game after watching this
I'm gonna be honest I think Logan Paul
is gonna beat his butt really bad even
rima thinks it's so easy and so obvious
I called it from the first day kiss I
he's gonna be a me because all the crap
he's talking he's not gonna back it up
at the day of the fight because you
didn't see closely he's not not about it
in the press conference he's not even
giving eye contact you gotta be it yo
I'm gonna just wait to August 25th next
question are you in love with someone
right now okay answer and don't be gay
we're done with this vlog I really hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
yeah he's no bollocks every single one
you guys we have more like print weeks
coming soon we have so much stuff coming
soon coming soon we'll see how it goes
and do me again do not forget to get
your tickets for Australia UK Adam eats
 calm thank you guys so so much for
your love and support you guys always
show literally by giving the thumbs up
by giving a comment anything you guys do
on Instagram on Twitter I appreciate all
your dedicated support and do the game
we are off this we're gonna go have fun
take care of the tomorrow's Eve enema
love you guys spend it with your
families and uh but thank you for coming
through subscribe yeah
amen
