you should try sitting there
here was poppy to do be gay
say hi do me gang I am getting ready
right now to leave to slim scrape and
one person that really hates it when I
go to slim scrip is this person right
here show your face mustn't tell you I'm
going to Slim's house okay I can't come
with me you're a little baby you have
school tomorrow stuff yard you can't
come with me my sin you're still a
little kid oh no you're not big you're
still a baby you don't get off huh
I have to go to some house yeah it must
stop oh my god my shirt must it stop
please I have to go to subscribe because
yeah did you just say you hate Lynde
yeah why this limit is what something's
dead what's up Reema
I'm going to Slim's house right now how
did you just say yeah then why because
we're going because I'm doing a big
prank on house that has little brothers
so I must stay tuned with that I don't
want to do it they need me there I'm the
prank master girl not you and not you
okay I am why do you guys don't want me
to leave wife oh you want to go with me
okay and Reema what oh but why do you
both want to go with me yeah but you're
not you're not invited Slim's house
you're not you're not allowed he said no
to you he said no to you too
I'm still going are you still gonna go
stop stop you can't all right I'm gonna
go guys now okay I have to go I'm going
kind of hard
someone save me from the kids I gotta go
give me a hug I'm gonna come back doing
yo-yo monkey bars me do me gang let's
start off this vibe by giving it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey
I'm suffering right now because I'm
leaving to Slim's house they think I'm
leaving for like a week but I'm not it's
literally just coming back tonight I'm
gonna I'm gonna come tonight
okay I'm gonna come back tonight get off
me do me handsome skin right now so I'll
see you guys in the next shot get ready
for a big big prank let's do it do me
gig I just got to the homies crib right
here slim oh what's 90 slim what's up
your first of all you gotta say I'm uh
Mawson he's kind of talk crap out you
know for the blocks I'll go to your crib
no way so yeah I was going to your crib
and you was like don't go I hate him did
you just see you hate slim yeah what
times he fooled me when I was playing
him best for 101 every a house yeah man
most my talking crap me about me home he
was just saying that cuz he wanted to
come he wants her to come there and he
got jealous I was coming all about most
yeah next time next song bring because I
try to babysit you want to be one Biggs
in shared angling for night guys we also
got the homie okay I thought it for a
second yo Nicky moon Nicky was good he
brought what you doing in college about
right here bro
this is legit a fortnight camp man I'm
telling you guys for tonight kids hi
guys so the honey's then he brought me
out here so really did a crazy prank on
him so tell me what we're doing what
just what's this Ramadan ending man you
know I go out with fashion so I want you
to try to convince him to break his fast
I don't see you know things like easily
convinced so pretty much you're just
telling me to be the shape up yeah no
he's like he likes it he likes younger
you know exact times loves you bro
and I'm saying so I feel like it'll be
like easily influenced by the test
little test I feel so guilty boatmen mad
you actually want to be busy huh let's
see how it goes tomorrow let's do it
let's do it do me gay but with the one
and only Khaled and that may look a few
men but I've seen them I'm saying I see
mr. potato had done it you guys do not
know as I told you guys I'm gonna be
streaming with the homie Khaled real
soon and that real soon is today well
it's technically tomorrow but if you
guys are watching this it's today today
today what time how much does beginning
dummy at 3:00 it's me right three mother
at 3:00 at 3:00 p.m. so a long time
Eastern Time you guys can go the link is
down below right here hide the baby and
y'all yeah we're gonna get some dogs man
and you chatter yo sista Michalek I
should say what you're doing especially
like being Yemeni and plant and being
sick at games cuz you always take double
used and he's one of the most
entertaining and I'm not to say that cuz
you're slums brother whatever yeah he's
one of the most entertaining players
that I've watched and four nights sorry
slim I'm gonna go live with the homie
right here we're gonna take some W zone
you got again I'm not that nice I'm
gonna give you tips real I'm trash good
build shoot truck it killed tomorrow's
gonna be dope dog game come through
chill out and let's have some fun
dumi gig we just got done predicate the
homies let me slip I can't believe this
 Adams besides on me alright pretty
much I'm gonna give you guys a brief
summary of what happened so pretty much
I'm a slipper ami iris do a big prank on
the homey Hamza and then last minute I
just turned it in and we ended up
teaming up together I get him a slim pug
out with slim it was so unexpected too
slim if you guys wanna check it out it's
on his channel so I'm when you got
uploaded tomorrow oh yeah yeah it was so
good well you know it's funny I was
thinking about it the whole overdrive I
was like yo if we can switch it and make
it on you for being like you know you
trying to be a crazy little bro but it
was pretty dope that we did man it's
pretty we also got the homie tier I miss
you man I miss you if you let's see how
fast you can finish this in one minute
it's not try it for a minute no cuz I'm
passing oh you should try to sit man
oh okay all right guys we're now in an
uber I haven't seen the homies German
and Deena for so long so we're gonna pop
up and say what's up to them and
Surprise them and say hi before we have
our f bar so let's do it do me yet guys
guys the cool
Dina what's up how are you guys okay you
guys doing good I've missed you guys so
yes what's the first thing you do huh
Dina how you doing I missed you so much
huh I missed you she's so cute he's so
cute what's up guys like they say hi in
the middle of the street while the cars
are coming
while the cars what the heck is while
the car is coming
yeah this is caught behind you guys you
know right do me gang I back home to my
crib and I noticed something really
really crazy but I want to see if you
guys notices do me any but posted it
it's the story of the homie Ali Saleh
the newest member of the Adams family I
want you guys to watch it let me know in
the comments below what do you guys
notice I want to see if you guys notice
it because I never noticed it until now
we do me ganks I'm gonna play the video
to you guys twice ok twice so watch it
closely and leave a comment below of
what did you guys see because I don't
know if I'm not the only one that
haven't that notices something but here
here's here is a video let me see that
smile let me see that smile let me see
let me see that smile let me see that
smile let me see that smile
do me gank that was the video let me
know in the comments below what did what
did you see did you see you smile
did you see I'm on something else I
don't know let me know the comments
below
it got me tripping tripping out the
homie Ollie oh yeah anyways the do me
gang I am doing a question and answer
video real soon
probably in a few days for eating stuff
so do me gang leave your questions down
below I'm gonna be doing a Q&A a matter
of fact tweet me your questions my
twitter is right here I'm gonna get all
the questions from Twitter matter of
fact so make sure you guys tweet me any
question you guys like make it real
interesting make it real juicy I want a
lot of questions I'm gonna be answering
most of your questions to do my yang so
Tom Araya dies - oh ma do me gang
members leave your question if you guys
want to be my next video real soon other
than that I'm gonna be wrapping up the
vlog here if you guys enjoyed like make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey do me do not forget to subscribe
and put your notification lon I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care and love
