how do you feel about you wearing
glasses now like I'm looking like a
complete mess but I do not want to get a
haircut until the day before eat so I'm
gonna wait because there's just a few
last days for Ramadan I am so so sad I'm
gonna miss it I'm about so much also
yesterday it was lailatul cut which is
one of the most important days of
Ramadan it to anyone out there if I've
ever heard them if I've ever did wrong
to you guys I'm so so sorry and I really
hope you guys forgive me I love you guys
so so much I'm gonna start off the day
by playing basketball because I have a
big game coming through team rice come
and teammates family before I get to
play in basketball I just want to tell
you guys this house you guys remember
yesterday I told you guys that Rima went
to the doctor the reason why she went to
the doctor because something was wrong
with her eye and the doctors have told
us Rima now has to wear glasses and Rima
has no clue she doesn't know that she
has to wear glasses so I'm really
curious to see what her reaction is when
I tell her I don't know if she's gonna
be happy I don't know if she's gonna be
sad but let's get the vlog started do me
in let's get this life start by giving
this like a giant thumbs up your thumbs
up this black you will not get bad luck
for the next two years do you want to be
good till 2020 well give this vlog and
giant thumbs up and do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
let's go work out doom again one thing I
love doing is putting the rim lower and
just dunk it and just going to brown
give it a spin almost we do a 360 dunk
Oh
everybody's gonna give me the alley-oop
pass don't try this at home kids ready
let's go do me game we just got done
playing basketball and I really want to
apologize to this person because I
completely completely forgot about him
and I feel so so bad this person right
here I genuinely forgot I had another
nephew and he's still hiccup boy man
look at me still hiccup boy nothing
changed man the only thing that changed
is that his first month anniversary was
June 6 he is now officially one month
old congratulations Ali he also got a
little bit bigger
and he also smiles right now so let's
try to make her smile look if you got
bigger I want to make you super guy
thank you see guys this was my first
time I went away from him and every time
I go away from the kids they all get so
much bigger man like him he got so much
bigger and to be honest I don't really
know who he looks like yeah I don't know
if it's Rima or I don't know if it's
Mawson but so far he's looking exactly
like Mawson at the same time you never
know you might coming out looking like
Remo half of them looks like Rima and
half of it looks like moss and if you
look closely look I'm gonna smile with
me you can because now I try to make me
smile yo look at me sleep yo he does not
give a damn Ali's the only one where I'm
trying to make a smile he's trying to
sleep and having hiccups like I'm done
with you boy I'm done with you I guess I
gotta wait another month again he's
legit and I cannot look look let me know
in the comments below who does he look
like Rima or
let me know in the comments below
receipt look closely let's see hey Ready
Set cheese every month
or is it Mawson connexin who is it I
don't know whatever comes look guys you
also got the homi Bhabha salad here was
where you going it makes a lot that dude
that's my get dude no everyone can be
yours man okay you know my face I know I
legit he's already a bad boy guys we
were in Morrison and Reema's room and I
have a big surprise for you guys and I
give you guys from Dubai are you guys
ready yeah ready
what that's the mustn't face I tell you
I just show it due to the vlog due to
the vlog let me see i cou like we are
taking on my camera ok ok ok are you
guys ready for you gets
that's working that's not funny look I
really hope they like them
I do me getting seriously I don't know
if they're gonna like it because it's
from Dubai and I got them something is
kind of you know for Ramadan you know
I'm saying for the rest of the few days
so let's see if they like it because
usually they only like like you know
like toys and stuff but let's go what
come you ready already
Mawson I got you the Adam Lawson you
house on a healthy and this huh no it's
not for girls mr. Boies looks like this
where this the Adam listen yeah that of
the kanuda you like it yeah oh yeah
actually likes again I was worried if
you would it
you'd be like or them to give me any tea
Oh they said I'm illegal so we have both
of these we're gonna try both that I
must have come let's see which one suits
a more come in it well come here okay
guys look sure yo he looks black don't
you look so cute like this yo he looks
like a ball look at this Amman Watson a
Moses huh you gotta be you gotta be good
gotta be a good Muslim I know he got
Watson's read Erie mom I got you the
Arab nanny clothing job and I buy a
pretty much Avenue bed you guys are ya
lookin huh mollified right now yet you
know how to do yourself
yeah you said that last time when you
did it I'll leave the camera teach them
how to do it so first we need to hold it
like this and then put it on your face
but then put it oh yeah yeah then you
put it back yeah
then you put a backyard plot not all of
it so it okay they got this pot yeah and
then what and then you put it like this
hmm if it's to a small or big I'm just
saying you don't know how to do it
that's all
you many just do it for you yeah forget
do ya
yo they look like real kings and queens
right there
bless you sir look at my dad taking a
flick the whole do me yeah my family so
so happy because the kids got the do by
outfit as they say or the Adam Watson
you have sila helper or the sofa our
than any outfit right now do me young
I'm at the break I don't know if it's
good news or bad news - Reema she has to
wear glasses now like it's confirmed I
believe in a few days she's gonna be
choosing out and getting her glasses
let's see how she reacts that's it hi
guys I'm with the one and only Reema
right now she actually just got back
from the doctors and this is kind of big
news it's kind of really big news
because now she has to start wearing
glasses pretty much every single day
during the day and during the night I
thought she didn't know but she ended up
going to the doctor again today choosing
out her glasses I shall be getting in a
few days so Reema Emma are you saying
what did you want to say do you think I
can't weather when I'm sleeping well
obviously you can't wear when you sleep
and I'm getting glass maybe a pen babe
yeah
actual weeks so also ten days to two
weeks yeah all right
okay forty me you maybe forty me though
Ted not doggie oh this is kind of a big
thing because like I don't know how she
would Rima tell them how do you how do
you feel about you wearing glasses now
like I don't know I want to know I feel
to it happy
what if you happen because oh no some
people are calling him name oh if you
guys do not know doom again say apps my
other nephew he's been wearing glasses
for the past three to four years and if
you guys do not know one of his biggest
insecurities is wearing the glasses
because as we must said what do people
do to say off because you he wears
glasses
they call him me they call him a lot of
names for now
they get it caught no one names just cuz
someone wears glasses
I am a person that's really really sweet
of Rima to actually make say I feel
better if you guys do not know staff is
like her favorite cousin like is he a
favorite cousin who's here cousin Safra
Jamel oh yeah oh oh choose one both
watching 10 seconds 10 seconds 9 8 10 9
8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
and look Rima that's the best answer
you've ever given gimme five
good job I tested her I tested again
because if you would and I said choosing
one I would have got Titan because
that's not how the Addams family choose
we choose everyone cuz we're all family
but CF is a really close cousin to her
she loves Seong
you don't have your cousin what do you
mean love I'm just saying love like you
love within family love ah mean phone so
he's your friend or your cousin or your
well as I was saying one of her favorite
cousins is say absol and Jim at and she
like okay and everyone and she had him
his family and the fact that she's happy
about it you know makes me happy because
now she's gonna like makes AF feel
better because say I've always hated it
he's the only one so now it's also gonna
be real anything else you gotta say
whole day I find the clock blurry yeah
and the glasses and maybe gained on
kidneys I do it I'm gonna go to the
doctor where I have to babysit Baba I'm
gonna damn River oh my god definitely
not differently but like I feel like
it's a new chapter of her life now her
wearing glasses like how do you feel
about all your glasses and not know this
let me hug the on glasses room I'm gonna
miss you so much oh my god I'm gonna
miss you I'm gonna miss you so much yeah
I'm gonna miss you like what that like I
can't believe you have asked me what do
you think your friends are gonna say
when you wear the glasses
I love up+ Rima is Rima do you know that
you're so positive yeah that's you like
you always happy do you like being happy
or sad like being happy why do you love
being happy because everything you
you make happy um and you feel happy
more happy and more energy alright can
you end the vlog for me I hope you
enjoyed this vlog because um I would
happy today and I'm getting glasses and
thank you Adam for the UM eat stuff for
the eat stuff anytime thank you
