so once again more I'm sorry about your
mom your arms third degree bride in
Douma gang
what is poppin I am starting off my day
by going to survive all the best long
the world the biggest mall in the world
I'm gonna do some shopping for my dad
all my family so I'm let's get the black
start if you guys already makes you guys
get is like thumbs up make sure you guys
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
hall guys who weren't the homie not that
we just got in and look how beautiful
advance ounces
I don't this is not this mom what so I
do it she left is that how you doing got
tired I'm jet-lagged man it's all good
we're here in the beautiful
my guys we just got some money kick spot
and he got a new menu man look at this
this menu got a lot of like man he went
in look what it says money kicks Oreo
cookies money kicks biscuit - money
kicks chocolate chip cookies money kicks
smarty cookies money kicks regular mix
shit the original milkshake and money
kicks ice cream doughnuts which one you
again you so which one you get one again
this get the biscuit -
I'm getting the money kick some
chocolate so let's see how it is being
released in London so I'm on make sure
you guys going through June 23rd money
kicks is going to be there showing him
the love and support from the do me gang
so I'm on when he kicks enjoy your time
and congrats on releasing it in UK right
now we in Dubai guys like we're gonna
take a picture through the glass it
what's up man what's up my G guys we
just met up with the homie mall what
happened
look what you did to me bro you said was
that me I said we're smoking shisha this
is all got there don't smoke and then I
don't know what the hell happened use it
had third-degree burns no no bro he's
gonna hug me in there like his hand went
of the coal and just like made a bit I
feel so bad man you're sorry man well
what do you wanna do like I'll do
anything I'm sorry whatever you want me
to do I'll do it and their something
whatever like I'm sorry man I feel bad
well I feel bad oh yeah
that's a pretty good day that's all you
do I'm good for me to watch I'm good for
you man yeah this is a pretty good day
me and the milkshake is out right here
Wow Wow Yussef what do you think hey
guys we use it Freddy yeah almost there
to really go while I'm I hear that your
idiom and you're about to be married man
so like you know oh hey and white man
look at this look
oh my god man was useful there boy yeah
you took my food no against it man
guys we just got to the football aka the
soccer field right here
they added a soccer field in the ice
skate array which divided they can just
keep going even crazy a little bit so
about the play what up man how you doing
they're gonna get nice to meet you man
each other hey who's he favorite soccer
player
Ronaldo a Ronaldo man my man that's
Mosul I was up night how you guys doing
your name is Adam I love your name man
my man my name is Adam - yeah it's gonna
be up tomorrow
guys I'm sweaty but guess what mean use
of with teams us Americans with the
homie if he napped his dad and the home
he said we had a forum phone with more
vlogs nods and after and the homie sach
and we took the dull for you and do
begin we took the W now they wanna
rematch but let's do it I'm down to do
your rematch let's do it let's do it
guys we had a crazy crazy soccer game me
new stuff we're headed back to New York
City when a mission does not I miss you
so much too but oh my god I miss you so
much thank you for everything once again
few charity family to sister your mom
and dad a great sash I'm Sam keep aside
right here what the heck what's up nerd
thank you guys so much you guys yeah
wall oh man thank you so much it's still
gonna be uploading still gonna be
vlogging so make sure you guys tune in
official and after they can be doing the
giveaway
y'all nothing to play happy man thank
you so much man seriously I miss you
guys so it is a sad moment man we got
like so closer here in Dubai
til next time I'm Michelle save the
homey Sam and say - you think great
thank you guys so much for everything
I'll see you guys Rajiv oh thank you -
for everything man you know family
Tremont I love you too bro take care and
I'll see you guys man tari Ock I've lost
me dogs do me gang we had it now Oh God
I'm sorry I'm saying once again more I'm
sorry about your mom
your arm third-degree burn I wish I
could kiss him we'll see I've know just
coming enough definitely for the tour
makes you guys get your tickets I'm yo
you guys enjoyed the bye I love you guys
and I'm a guy's met the homie need
Yousef and he plays basketball we play
basketball
yeah and I heard the team is like the
number-one team in UAE look at that
Olivia right here what's up
shadow video I wanna give a shout-out to
are you what are you guys called oh you
meant let's go you bet man we flying to
Italy to have some swag 119 what up man
what's up man yo these do you like you
guys play footballs oh yeah so they
played football and basketball and
they're like the number one team in UAE
and they're flying to Italy to have a
soccer football yeah keep tripping your
good luck on your games beat that make
sure you guys are I'm man ticket guys
take care yeah I better do it for me
that thank you guys yeah I see you got
you so let's go Yusef how was your Dubai
trip I know I'm so sad it was short
right no come back here yeah yo use
upset he wants to marry an Amada tea
girl so he can so you can live here and
say where he'll give her the American
passport she'll give him the Emirati
passport so anyways do me gang will see
you guys in New York City I'm a teleport
does jump using what to do be gay
we're back here at the Adams family
house I feel so so great to be back
it is super early right now psych 9 a.m.
flight was so so long we slept through
it but now we're awake act and while I
see Raymond Watson all come back you
guys gonna see them in the vlog tomorrow
we got a lot of gifts from a mom my dad
literally begot the river comes on like
you know the throw of and stuff I got my
mom a little steak if anyone messes you
know she could like hit me or something
like that you know yeah let's go let's
go side I'm mr. crew
even though I was away for like five
days I miss it so so much my room I miss
my room so much you do me getting the
first thing we do once we get back mean
you see it's playing Portland Place the
four nights do me gang I know I always
keep talking you guys about going live
going like streaming stuff like that but
I think is fucking for tonight so i
don't know if i wanna stream me playing
for now i'm just trapped but i will be
playing for a night with the homie kyle
it a little back my yemeni brother from
another mother which is Slim's brother
i'm probably gonna be live with him
either tomorrow or maybe today or
thursday i don't know but he is
literally the best player that i know
whose arabic who's yemeni he's the best
player not just the Arab community he's
one of the most entertaining and one of
the best like this dude just like 15
kills 10 kills w's he has like 400 wins
so I cannot kind of wait for him to
carry me that double you know I'm saying
how do you got a camera WLAN anyway to
do me yeah and the reason why we came
back a bit early is because these is
here also it's gonna be Hylas birthday
in a few days we had to get back here do
me gang other than that thank you guys
so much you do me and thank you to
everyone in Dubai thank you napped ER
thank you to his father his whole family
to his whole squad not there man I'll
see you soon do not forget the giveaway
do me game make sure you guys keep
commenting on every single video we're
giving away to iPhone X's so if you guys
want to be in it make sure you guys
subscribe like and leave a comment will
be choosing in exactly two weeks June
24th so I cannot cannot wait use of ISM
top 18 right now with one kill come on G
come on G by the way guys we're not
fasting because we just landed from our
flight so second possible I have a few
days to make up who all's got a few days
to make up well we got a few days to
make up with me let me know in the
comments below and we'll make up those
few days together but other than that
I'm gonna wrap up this vlog here do not
forget to give this blog and giant
thumbs up do me and I will see you guys
tomorrow with the whole Adams family
Rehan boss said they come back from
school I'm literally gonna shower sleeps
like two hours and then get back to
vlogging of stuff so do me a I'll see
you guys tomorrow do not forget the tour
is coming real real soon the atom meets
food seat or if you guys want to get
your tickets the link will be down below
this is the poster for it it is gonna be
wild it is getting me two shows in one
you guys do not want to miss this tour
it's gonna be so so dope and I cannot
wait do not forget to subscribe and put
your notifications on I will see you
guys tomorrow
take care hey beat Oh
peace love
you
