let's go baby let's go let's go we all
we all treat we are we are let's go
a dummy gang what is up we're about to
go jet skiing right now with the whole
squad not ZZ Yusef and the man left
without his video ad first of all let's
say congratulations on 10k subscribers
you just reach it congratulations man
wow that's dope good how do you know
Haiti and you're doing a giveaway yeah
you guys do big enough nation so he's
gonna give me how long is this for the
do me yank is for you guys then then
what do we love you okay sounds good
we'll give you a morning fine then let's
go just guys we're gonna give you guys
more info at the end of this vlog about
the iPhone X so stay tuned for that
about to go jet skiing with the homies
literally the whole squad look at this
right here
look at this it's like an Arabic kind of
bend in like a machete like I don't know
if it looks dope I like it let me know
what you guys think in the comments
below
alright guys we just got to the jet ski
we have a big bit cruel like eight to
ten people this is gonna be kind of
scary because last time I believe nods
and money kicks they almost got into a
big big crash Bob we're gonna see how it
goes we're gonna have fun see amazing
views then after that we're gonna go eat
and I'm uh let's do it yeah Papaji
what's poppin what up good we got mo
right there looking a blogging looking
like it oh my god we got a bowl front of
us guys look I'm standing up watches
we already been ready to go hater ready
to go a minute ago guys we got more
right there let's go baby let's go let's
go we are we don't drink we are we are
let's go guys it's no wave there's too
many ways no it's too crazy but I'm
scared all y'all you girl you put guys
my sunglasses just flew away sunglasses
guy
so many waves its to wave you man but
it's worth it for this view is worth oh
my god I'm so scared it's like my camera
messes up or something over breaks this
thing is so quick it's way too quick
it's way too quick mo is blowing right
there cool yo the waves a wild a so wavy
look at this is way too wavy man it's
scary because if anyone goes inside I
think you're done like literally done
I'm trying to take a flick right here
and it's so so hard let's see my hair is
longer
hey brother you ready he's trying to get
everyone out the way cuz it's not safe
for everyone to be near each other like
this please do look at this as I've
stated this is a walker guys my camera
is kind of wet but one thing I can never
get sick of is this view right here it's
so beautiful man about the yield right
now I'm coming through God hi guys
me and here's some about to have a race
hold all the way stay next to me saga
blogging okay I memorized it so let's go
to any budget
oh yeah a video yeah guys mom in the
video
hi guys we just got done jet ski and
enema you kind of vanished because what
happened it was a handle basically what
happened was my chest you crushed oh my
god oh my god he was insane and all
these got wet so had to go to a pharmacy
so he good I drove to pharmacy in to fix
me up good that's good that's good
also remember I told you guys about to
give away we're doing two giveaways one
at his channel and one on my channel
iPhone X giveaway and to win the iPhone
X you have to be subscribed for much I'm
gonna have to be subscribed you have to
like if you have to leave a comment
below and for his channel you have to
subscribe to him subscribed at home and
after the link is down below thumbs up
and leave a comment below on your latest
video or any video any any video and in
that exactly two weeks we'll be choosing
two winners so imma make sure you guys
get commenting and let's do this let's
do it let's do it let's do it what's due
and congrats at said K and let's do it
and you know what I love about you and
your fam see your dad is a hard measure
like really really hard working man he
knows how to do thumbnails do my song
that my dad doesn't you know what is
YouTube he doesn't watch my vlogs so
it's good like should be blessed to have
it that but I thank you so much Congrats
once again what's the next milestone
twenty fifty forty forty K so make sure
you subscribe to show I'm in guys we're
here with the homie side right here
there what's up what's up every time
you're going to just get bigger and
bigger but want to give you huge shout
out to issue good doubt good shit into
the birthday girl lipo her saying happy
happy birthday
much love from here from all of us in
Dubai happy birthday today my birthday
happy birthday and happy birthday salt
us all to him so yeah he's one that
mentioned this one happy birthday labor
I'm a diver
hey guys man look the effort much like
this reminds me myself man when I bring
my laptop there's hey hey hey how long
does it take you to the thumbnails five
minutes five
yeah yeah I like that I like that I like
that title dedication and a lot of
dedication you guys see me always bring
my laptop everywhere like it's it's not
as easy as it looks man it takes a lot
of hard work a lot of dedication heavy
and scenes receive them only not 15 like
the passion and him and him vlogging
like he's having fun with it and
enjoying this whole a little and his
whole family so I love you for the fun
anyway 100% kind of a sign you gotta
have fun with it no vlog like 6 a.m. in
the morning like blogging editing
editing editing and use Final Cut Pro
right finally yes like yeah like just to
get it on just to get the video open
climb I stay awake cool my same here man
is like upload oh yeah video it was like
6:00 a.m. in the morning I didn't miss
you know what something was like hi son
I need a clip I was like okay what time
was last six 6:45 year hosting this guy
never sleeps
man I was just America time was like 11
p.m. in at the New York City Times so do
me gank we are now in the mall right now
we're about to get to I phone X's we're
gonna show you guys buying 2 - X so make
sure you guys leave your comments right
now every single comma right now and on
his channel leave a comment in any
single video who wanted to I turns one
on his trunk and I'm gonna tell you guys
this right now this is all the homie
right here like he let me know he's like
he was like do you want to do a giveaway
for idumaean
I like anything for idumaean if you're
giving icon next to a do me yang we
don't do a knife connects to a do me
game anything for you guys you don't say
so
I see how it goes guys
his dude he's doing it if you want you
can oh my gosh yo you have a good heart
man
it's really good to give away you guys
it's really nice right here and I
haven't done a giveaway so nice oh
you're doing me a favor
I've done like laptops and everything
before but I've never denied for like so
let's do it
hello varies comment mr. Knapp let's do
it guys we did it we did it we did it we
did it as a Doris oh hey mama
yeah leave your comments down below I
mean a lot in two weeks you guys got two
weeks seriously we went important for
you two weeks i literally paid like
almost 9000 no no nothing paid almost
9000 dead him and he got back his
changed it was like two coins that's all
right no once again this is this is all
I have these really sweet really nice
heart surprise also I'm gonna do a video
to give away one to charge stuff so say
Amen
I like that let me know want to be them
just
like that a lot of people when they
start sweeping everything they just
focused on like of the stuffing like
that you gotta focus on you know giving
helping oh we don't blame you
you can't believe me looking stuff and
not how do she said 100% proof you got
to do what you got to do
guys look man Dubai so safe you can put
these two iPhones look it's people
around there you can put these two
iPhones right here let's see what takes
it man
who do you think is gonna take no one I
can guarantee yeah we'll take a walk or
come back I I will take one so walking
walking mister walking still walking hi
I'm the lucky man guys see what happens
here the see he's lucky he's leaping
he's lucky he's lucky dude everything
okay Robin what happened
huh how's your birthday no no we're
trying to do like a test to see who like
we're showing how safe Dubai is so what
have you would have done what you would
have done are you sure you wouldn't ever
got for your birthday party yeah you
could do it but my turn
guys begin everyone on this man was him
Adam nice guy man he peeps the use I
would return nice heart I like that I
like that was so sweet of him seriously
who might they he was kind of confused
when I went up to and he said he was in
return and I know he's gonna return it
cuz he's from Yemen
we came to subscribers just your
orange-kun subscribers man and that's
good too loyal subscribers and obviously
guys we're gonna meet up tomorrow homie
Laurel surprised not forget iPhone X
tomorrow's gonna be something that I'm
doing for the first time ever so stay
tuned that there's you tomorrow anyway
see you guys such
yeah bro man see ya tomorrow yeah Sam
you guys have met up with Sam Myers it's
my chin deceiver you met
six more I'm speaking more take you
thank you men ask you to do me gang I am
back to my hotel and I'm not feeling so
good after seeing a video of a man
literally committing suicide and the
most amazing the most beautiful place in
the world Mecca so if you guys do not
know I don't know if you guys have heard
of it or not there's a man who legit
jump off from the third floor straight
down there was a video of it but I'm not
gonna post it here due to like sensitive
activity and YouTube and like you know
it's it's I don't even want you guys to
watch it but you guys can't see it it's
somewhere around the internet and I've
never ever seen something like that and
it seriously shocked me and broke my
heart man cuz the fact that someone
someone commits suicide in the most
holiest place in the world says a lot
man it says a lot about mental health it
shows that mental health is not a joke a
lot of people in this world suffer with
mental health and it's serious in Douma
gang it is really really serious anyone
that you know that suffers from mental
health make sure you guys stay with that
make sure you guys talk with them
there's even online numbers to call if
you guys want help or anything but
seriously the fact that someone done
that in Mecca speaks a lot of words and
I've seen a lot of people saying oh my
God he's not going to Jenna he he
committed a big sin and stuff like that
but what people don't know and I want
everyone to understand like no one knows
what went on through that guy's mind
maybe he was going through something
really really crazy because as I told
you guys mental health is a serious
issue
and it can happen to anyone so if you
guys know if it happens to your friend
or family make sure you guys stay with
that be with them show them love show
them you support and be there for them I
might have my prayers in to him and his
family even though he did do something
that is Haram and commit suicide may
Allah still forgive his sins none of us
know what was going through his mind but
it's really really sad to hear about
that and it seriously broke my heart to
know man I don't even know what to say
I'm seriously speechless the fact that
oh okay I never knew in a million years
someone would do something like that
there so it was just it's heartbreaking
so do me gang as a Muslim brother as a
Muslim sisters still keep them in your
prayers because even though a dis a big
sin you guys still do not know what they
were going through
I love you guys I'm ending the vlog here
I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow do me
Aang take care and peace love you guys
