whoa
yeah yeah yeah yeah do me gank what's up
we were at the desert right now we're
about to go do a little quad biking it
is so hot right now it feels like 300
degrees but it's all good in the hood
it's Ramallah we chillin we relaxed it
probably in my office
doing my taxes let's see how it goes
about to meet up with the homie money
kicks in after not as easy everyone
about to have a crazy crazy time
everyone please drive safe because
everyone I hate drives wild so you said
especially you I'm the safest driver
actually out of it no drive safe trust
me because in the desert on this when
you go quad bike it yeah but still still
still your your uncle's name is Adam you
know I'm saying that's pretty ratchet
dangerous you know that bomb I'll see
how it goes do me I do not forget to
give swag thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe let's see how cool hi guys we
finally got here we're with the homie
Tosh is not ready which one you're going
on
but I never went on a buggy only went on
a quad but never one on one of these
look at these men these are yo which one
are you allowed to drive it I should
yeah
I'm a hopping with you is there seat
belts on or not I don't know if you like
Loki da it's a wild driver I've
never seen him drive let's see how we go
guys also got the all mean app to right
here mayor which one you going on I'm
not going to draw definitely not
enjoy your trip made with super bro yeah
you better buckle oh yeah oh my god yeah
I'm gonna look is buckling up so you
better have a good we go we go choose
which one you going on I'm going on this
one your quad bike you switch what
do you going on let's go
what is that
oh no what is it Oh Falcon give me
presents get it yeah brotherbrother for
the buddies do it brother please brother
a lot of it's hurting me man ah ha ha ha
man please don't
ah please take it off me guys guys guys
oh my God look at this
I'm scared it's a balcony you said
please Tom take them off me
I brother Yusuf tell them that's it
brother take no no no no the tickets
again alone when they uh I can feel the
nails oh that was insane
oh my god yeah how's it feel you look
like the nose look at the nails of it
look don't worry
crazy man oh wow oh hey Oh Seth got the
whole helmet on and everything you ready
I'm ready but today already 2 min I'm
ready guys look how sweaty I am and it's
so hot been told I need to wear a helmet
which one cannot get brother any just
check anyone its do me gang I'm actually
driving my own one I'm ready to go kind
of worried too scared cuz I don't have
my license but let's do it
but it crazy look at them
but let me take
look up steepness what's in his look
look
what the oh my god guys look at this
whoa whoa whoa this and oh no my camera
oh my god
look at this what the heck guys look at
you see he's uh guys there's something
happened to a duel bunk you'll meet here
what happened bro this thing got stuck
to trying to bring it out I don't think
it was a good day to go do buggy a quad
Megan's way too hot
way too sandy I'm suffering out here I'm
about to dip in a few minutes man this
thing is perfect
how you feeling rum feeling good so
sandy right I don't I know and I feel
about massage man look I don't even know
what happened well let's go see cause
steeped it is stuck man you got stuck
that's pretty like like quicksand right
it's whole like it's a little buggy like
when I look like
yo this is crazy
oh they got it they got it they got in
here buddy yeah buddy let's go now
that's like a long time right you got it
back you gotta do me gang I'm cutting
this duel buggy short my camera is kind
of broken I'm too scared to even
continue going I'm out I'm done with
this look at this my freaking lens
let's stop oh man I need to try to fix
it so I'll see you guys the next shot
sorry do me I love you guys do me game
we finally fixed the camera huge
shout-outs at a home use of YouTube man
thank you so much man he always fixes my
camera and stuff and he's my oldest
nephew I'm Ashley he's really really
smart with tech stuff I messed it up
while we were in quad biking all the
sand and all the heat literally my
camera was completely messed up Yusef
did a little surgery fixed it up so you
Chad outsider man you said about to go
to the jacuzzi and have some fun it was
way too hot quad biking also the Falcon
you know the that we had you
said I heard that was like a hundred
thousand dollar Falcon like a really
rich crazy Falcon I never knew Birds
cost that much video so let's hop into
Jacuzzi me news if you want to get some
tans so I'm yeah let's do it
I always get I already got a little tan
but I get tanned really really quick so
let's uh let's do it see you guys in
next shot o Yousef says children under
the age of six you're not allowed you're
not Allah let's go into Jacuzzi let's
press it yes yes yes yes I live for this
let's go Jacuzzi talk should we do a
Jacuzzi talk let's do a Jacuzzi talk do
me gangster me use it for about the Hat
Jacuzzi talk and the topic is would you
rather do you guys want us to do more
Jacuzzi talk let us know in the comments
below write a topic down below and we'll
do a Jacuzzi talk once again but for now
it is would you rather who's gonna
personally go near you meet ya alright
and this is not Google would you rather
this is from like the top of our head
buyer is would you rather marry four
girls four wives have four wives or your
father have four wives so
it is a tough question so who would you
rather have four wives you but as the
easy answer are you for your mother
it means easy what is they I'd rather
have my dad have four wives
why not me that's too much too much to
handle what do we think it'll be a
headache you know your mom is my sister
right all right how about you though
what would you rather do but what I'd
rather do to be honest I love my mom so
much I mean I love my dad to be like
mama
I got you girl I'm gonna have the fall
I'm gonna have the four-eyes I got you
Bobby treat them equally you know I'm
saying Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
is my day off
Friday Saturday and Sundays might be
I've got one fallen one ladies enough
yeah but we're doing with rather so uh
so she do her family I'm asked you a
question about family would you rather
have 30 kids already kids already kids
or what or would you rather have zero
okay
well that is a hard one oh my god but I
like me a big family so 30 kids it is
we already got like a 30 kids I know I
already got this is every would you
rather this was like reality literally
right remember when it was like meanie
when we were younger
yeah whole family was just like it was
like it was starting to get big but like
now now is yo now is so yeah yeah it's
like a legit and army means like a gang
this are you so would you rather live
until you're 50 or live until you're 140
years old but after 80 years old you
can't move at all
so either 50 or to 140 years old but
after 80 years old you can't move at all
kind of tricky came up with that it is a
tricky what would you do but they come
out you don't have to live in some
whatever I get after a tea bro that's
like another 80 years just just didn't
like like just now I can't I can't do it
that how about you what would you do yo
to be honest I'll live till I'm 140 man
I would love to see like my great-great
grandkids even if I'm not moving I'd be
like without bungee rope I'll be doing
vlogs you know what I'm saying I'd 100 I
let my great-great-great
great-great-great great-great grand kid
from our fourth wife's kids you know I'm
saying vlog from you know I don't know I
got a good question this for you yeah
would you rather not be another crazy
would you rather have been a boxer stay
than you have to be a boxer
yo low-key I still want to become like a
professional boxer I still want to
become a professional boxer even with
speaking like with like a lot of other
professional boxers are like you can
still get your license in a different
country because like you know Fighting's
you know like oh I'm also a fighter you
don't see it but at the same time I'm
thankful to be a you know to be a
vlogger and what I do now you know
because I don't I don't hurt myself my
mom hates it so I probably I'd rather be
doing what I do right now
I'm blessed you know to be doing what I
do right now yeah your mom used to hate
it too anything yeah mom used to hate it
so much I put yeah yes every single they
know saying I'll end it up and also you
can
