this is what I'm talking about look how
hot it is right now
it got my camera steaming man better it
do me game what is up I just woke up
good morning we have one hour to go so
if that time here in Dubai you can see
the by getting more alive right now
and you can see my camera getting more
5d like oh my god I can't do with this
method look at this but yo this are you
good camera are you okay okay mmm
as I was saying we have one hour left to
lift that we're about to go eat at salt
bay for if but I had an amazing amazing
sleep I do not know if I'm even gonna
sleep this whole night but I'm ready to
eat up I'm ready to much up and I'm
ready to have my first day of Ramadan
here and Dubai Dubai right here we got
the homie Naz easy right it was like a
swagged out my G I do bro ready for
today so big it do me gang like they
finally built the Dubai eye or whatever
they called it I remember a few months
ago they were just building you in like
wow Michelle oh they're quick
guys we're about to go to solve a a
sulfate with son who's read it to me
gang we just got to salt baby we're here
with the Popo spot first of all we here
with the homie not there if you guys do
not remember he moved here right goodbye
so I'm ready to have her have butter
that are open to the contents Montes are
also here within the game you had with
Lviv fan so don't want you chillin to
kiss now we go we got we got
I'm joking how was it those good I
played good okay good
I see some low seven one seven one we
lost several months August the fact that
you were there the charity is good
it's all good bro tramadol you have to
do these things no you know stay here
I go today we need the these days about
to break out fast
wanna date Oh another day with his
village a guy from Turkey turkey yep and
he gave me this nice lot see right here
enjoy the man
can you tell him go Turkish they go to
dump Turkey is that this blog and you
ready no hi not their sister who was
always quiet fine
I see you the blog's - but she's so
quiet like they got raw food you like
raw meat or no why
Robin so beans good raw your nose in
Oh guys and this is the after of it for
me laughter you ready we're gonna do it
roeme boy are you eating it too come on
come on healthy vote I like Romy it's
good look at that guys we also got the
bodyguard right there man what up man
and the homey stand right there
feel bad he can't answer I'm gonna beat
you I got you I got you
Oh oh my god guys they got the food out
they got the fire
not having mustache hopefully doesn't
get burger imagine burns mustache guys
we got meat spaghetti right here
like ception Oh make it out guys I told
you guys I was hungry and everything I'm
done eating is still bringing that warm
two months pregnant
look at that look hi guys so mobilize
just told me something really really
crazy
I was asking Adam when he's getting
married if you get married I'll get
ready that's the same thing y'all gonna
do that what if you get by someone
you're the dull eyes don't marry
beautify said it your own words yeah I'm
getting married tomorrow guys look who
surprised me with Harper who's the best
friend I wish the best friends your mom
man let's see the flossin let's see the
flossing ready hey hey yo he's a star
man and this is the first time I meet
his dad add the homie ed I say what up
man how's it going nice to meet ya
nice to meet your son if he's a boss man
fresh things are now no he gets him from
making the boss there is Harper with it
lick and swag that look at that look at
that dinner pose was he catwalk let me
see you count one he's so cute
he getting bigger every time I see you
man guys look at him now see you man
guys I literally just bumped into him
literally today man I'll see you to the
next time yeah all right guys that was
pretty crazy meeting Harper but now
they're keeping me outside right now for
some reason I don't know I don't know
what most that he wants to speak to me
is it another beating or what I'm a lot
of come in sure
I knew those catchy on my what's going
on they're mobilizing like your picture
on the cake
oh my god you guys yo what bro they got
a camera my G they got a kid I'm one
year younger like I'm 24 oh my god well
I don't know I'm going on
oh man Loki this is so fair setting you
on I'm blushing you okay I can handle
Romanian guys when you know I'm sweating
the blush investors and guys since
there's so much cake
homie not giving it away it's like
almost everyone here look the giving
away cake right there yeah what are you
guys doing it's not just my bird it's
everyone's work guys I just noticed
red white and black which is the Yemen
color
I mean yeah I mean yeah I mean yeah I
mean yeah when life gives you lemons
make some dumb nerve to me getting we
are now outside first of all I want to
give a huge huge thank you to nap dur
and his family go all I wanna say is I'm
all thank you for making me feel special
and like seriously I only met you once
but like after like today and every day
I feel like now yeah I feel like you're
genuine person and I like the fact that
you vlog and I'm like I want to make
more vlog friends so seriously thank you
so much guys make sure you guys
subscribe to the homie not there and
show them anymore memories of God many
more memories he come be crazy
thank you thank you the many more many
more weeks yeah it's gonna be just crazy
I cannot I cannot cannot wait and as you
guys know I hate it why and gifts but
this dude oh my god like I was so
embarrassed like in there with like
everyone saying happy birthday but it's
all good I took one for the team but my
MA he got me a gift I'm gonna open it up
first time you know the birthday stuff
too seriously man Oh voila was like you
know real friendship a hottie like how
to literally get up in the morning yeah
I'm not schooled me like yeah Adams
coming today
yeah and I was like sorry miss birthday
you know how I jumped out of bed right
it was like 12 I jumped out of bed and
I'll quickly uneven from I told ya I'm
like you don't have to rely on when to
move Emirates yeah and I walked into
Kendall and oh poor him something I
really like and then soldiers would be
my bodyguard he he goes oh if you get
something I'm gonna get something they
got to go oh my gosh previously I always
tell like my friends and everyone like
yo like you guys be my friends I'm
really thankful for that and I have to
give it I can't believe this man how to
open this by somebody
Wow Oh Micah what oh my goodness
shake that yeah look at this this is
fire bro you know I'm gonna love this so
much the reason why I bought this
because Nath told me he lost his bag got
stolen actually yeah wow a lot of games
something similar seriously boy thank
you so much man and the crazy thing is
the good thing about this I hate
carrying duffle bags I like carrying a
my back now strap around just all move
yeah daddies don't know this is serious
enough to thank you so much man I preach
it let's open up Sajida oh my god yeah
yo how much did I spend on this is just
a perk oh my god
boom what you do gosh enough no no
seriously thank you guys man by Wally
yeah I didn't have to at all like I
didn't have that all oh thank you man
seriously wallet Thank You Man I
appreciate it thank you so much to you
your father your whole family you cannot
wait for this week we're gonna turn up
and have fun and just somebody to make
you have a good make sure you subscribe
to the last two times he blogs me I see
him like my little brother so keep it up
my G keep it up do me gang I'm back to
the hotel right now but they had to
sleep if you guys enjoyed this vlog make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey cannot wait to give you guys more
of lives here in Dubai do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
do me yang I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care I love
