and telling me that it's good and I
should do it
and after that you're after that does
one know what I did she wants to go use
the bathroom I went up to the waitress I
told the waitress here this is my card
pay for the bill tell her I left and I
love ya what's up ado me gank while you
guys are watching it is my 25th birthday
I'm 25
no you're not you're 23 to 24 July 15 so
you're right there wouldn't be so I'm
not stuck alone Bob I just want to say
thank you to every single one of you
guys wish me happy birthday thank you to
my best friend thank you to my family
thank you to everyone who's around me
for making me who I am today
I appreciated singing when you guys we
just got done with meeting with our
lawyer because slim you know I'm saying
like he just he's just a badass man he's
just a badass but I'm so good about
seeing it I'll see him soon and she owns
like yoga and Adams he came to him on
his birthday to see the lawyer with me
Chris Nam I came to see you man I came
to see you I can show you what houses
come at them later they keep has come to
later we're gonna have a fun day and
then I'm off to Dubai tomorrow yeah
we're gonna have a fun day so I'm are
let's get ready
I do me gangsol ham did we just got done
with the meeting and everything with the
lawyer everything is going great
let me Slim Mashal everything goes well
with you I know what you did was I'm uh
was something you know obviously in the
heat and it happens with your family so
I don't I don't even blame you but I
know what happened let everything will
turn out well right now we're waiting
for what cost and the key and also I
want to talk to you guys about something
so last month as you guys know slim
always gives me these blind dates these
I don't know you tries to hook me up
with you trying to trying to make me
married or like you know like I don't
know what's your purpose what are you
trying to do I'm guilty of that by the
way but yeah man you know I'm saying
just gonna hook a brother up man you
don't end greatest wingman of 2008 no
you can't be the greatest wingman I
don't come on because I never told them
about the blind date you did and I dog
training really bad that's one black
really you can't judge me up for one
performance bro really bad I didn't look
like I knew it I didn't know I'm gonna
story though you should I'm gonna say
I'm sorry before so you got a story
first and that's um let's have a fun one
to a game with random strangers
yeah we're tired we're fast and we're
yeah literally to make time fly to play
a basketball workout kind of makes it
worse but like in a way you've got to do
what you gotta do I'm saying like this
twon to some grated for it even with
Steve Madden boots and everything yeah
yo excuse me
template want to send game seven or
something if you want a doobie gang so
me a slim we just got done playing
basketball on your live we did lose but
it's all good in the hood we were hungry
we were fast and we're so thirsty and we
had our jeans on but there's no
complaints we had a fun workout and now
it's time to tell you guys about the
blind date that slim freaking got me
into and it was a total chaos like this
girl was crazy out of some blame you
want to start it are you all me to start
I don't blame you assume one time can't
judge me from this performance Adam I
was gonna tell you guys on stream like
I've been planning to do YouTube streams
or twitch streams means slim I've been
talking about like what we should do if
it's twitch if it's YouTube if it's on
our main channels to do streams for you
guys to give you guys you know crazy
stream we both have so much that you
gotta say but like we don't really say
it and vlog it's better to stay in
streams yeah I feel like a long story
get streams like you personally people
yeah like in person like this it's more
like organic yeah it's right dude you
know all right so let's get back to
saloon so slim found this first of all
where'd you find this girl with how's it
uh
oh yeah
any girl she's met talkative bro yeah
she seemed cool man she seem uncool to
go guys how it is I know you I don't
know if you're up for this but I got
this super cute friend right here right
man when I showed her the picture she's
like ooh la la
she said she's like ooh la la yo this is
gonna work because we're not even joking
man this dude put me through hell and
then I got a text you gave him up behind
it
this dude just gave her my number like I
got a text and he texted me he said you
Adam
I got you blondie it's about to go down
he was just giving me you know some he's
giving me all this like positive you got
this boy throw my head I'm like you know
what I'll do it I was planning on even
vlogging it but it turned out she was
legit crazy man like I don't know what
like I don't know but this is what
happened set up a little date like to go
out we went to a lounge to a hookah
lounge mean area we're hanging out
smoking hookah chillin literally 10
minutes later this woman started like
fidgeting like sort of like I don't know
just acting man like weird I was a yo is
this a setup or what and then I don't
know where you I'm not even kidding
voila man she asked the freaking
waitress and the hookah lounge who I
know like I know the dude so so awkward
she asked him if he's selling cocaine
yeah when she said that I thought was a
prank I'm like nah I texted him how are
you pranking me or what
I was tripping said I would go to Jesus
praise the room oh my god asked her like
you know in a nice way lay are you
joking are you serious
she was legit serious she was looking
for drugs she was looking for good I
can't be I can't be I can have a girl I
know like I mean she can do whatever she
wants her life but I can't be having you
know the crack feet oh yeah I didn't
know bro she did see that I didn't see
that quality in her bro you know I'm
saying it's not like she was sleeping
okay when I was talking to her but then
after that she started talking to me she
was serious about how she takes cocaine
and stuff like that and she ended up
trying to peer pressuring me and telling
me that it's good and I should do it and
after that
yo after that does one know what I did
she wants to go use the bathroom I went
up to the waitress I told the waitress
here this is my card pay for the bill
tell her I loved and I loved and I don't
know what happened ever since she left
oh I'm not gonna say I was bugging up I
was scared for my life
that a bad thing or like it was a bad
than I left or what I mean shit it's not
bad
how did he shoot that crazy no bro I was
so I've never been so embarrassed in my
life
there was even like people around who
knew me and stuff though like what the
wise is like this girl is saying so loud
to the point where I had no choice but
to leave so yes that was my I'm a crazy
date that I had that this dude man never
again never again never to give me a
chance but now I give no chance man you
have your chance come on slim rock you
believe it
yo I can't believe what you there's like
so much more details into about like I
don't want it this like could be like a
whole 30 minute vlog and we gotta go
meet up with Vikas tanuki but I pretty
much give you guys a little mini summary
and that's pretty much what happened
never going on a blind again yeah
anybody good enough the guy just like I
don't know I was gonna go yeah he was
good in the hood do me gang I am back
home here at my crib I had a long
exhausting day it is 2 a.m. right now
been outside since 11:00 in the morning
I didn't get to vlog my dinner that I
had that I have my
vikas sneaky will cost his brother slim
and I because I was too embarrassed
because I hate when like you know like
in the restaurant everyone knows my
birthday and then bring out people there
hey happy birthday I don't know just I
just hate because I just hate feeling
like special and stuff like I've even
told my family and friends do not give
me any presents do not give me any gifts
you guys are my family you guys are my
friends
I'm already thankful for their company
for them being them and I don't need
them to give you know twice money give
me a gift because like I feel like they
don't need to show their love
I just feel awkward but a few of my
friends and a few of my family members
they didn't give me gifts and I will
show you guys the gifts right now do me
yeah the first one is this I got this
one this chain right here one of my
sisters gave me this chain look at this
hey if you guys do not know I have three
sisters and all of gave you gifts one of
them gave me this silver chain right
here another one of my citizens gave me
this Dior like I don't know like it has
a Cologne in and aftershave the like
last stuff that make you smell good at
you know I'm saying my other sister gave
me this right here let's let's open it
up I don't even know what it is me like
open it up oh my god oh my god yeah look
at this notice to say this is yo look at
this look at this band it says and do me
right there why this is dope it is this
thing
hey fits me perfect hey thank you so
much so much sisters I love you guys so
so much also we got some stuff that what
cost gave me will cost him to beat you
up and seriously but he gave me this
cologne right here at Mont Blanc Cologne
he gave me another color Gucci what this
dude is crazy man he gave clothes this
is a little bit yeah look how so you
mean us I don't think this is I don't
think this is gonna fit me man of it
what the Freak oh wait I think this is I
think it's for Ali what it's my birthday
when he gave yo he gave a lot of stuff
to Ali yo look at this this is dope
babies you get so high Oh Calvin Klein
notices yoga cuz
thank you so much man seriously you
didn't have to but thank you so so much
I'm pretty sure every single one you
guys are pre-show my friends and family
wished me happy birthday I appreciate
every single one you guys wish me happy
birthday thank you guys so so much but
do me any let's get ready to spend the
rest of Ramadan in a Muslim country
which is Dubai my first time ever
spending normal on the most
country after like 20 years about to
pack myself right now and teleport to
Dubai so all my social media and
everything all my vlogs you guys didn't
see in Dubai chillin for the rest of
them online so I do me getting makes you
guys give this vibe a thumbs up and go
Turkey do not forget to subscribe and
put your notifications on I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me a take care and
bitch I love I love 25 gold atom
