what what are you doing Rima we will
come back
dumi gig what is poppin it is day 15 or
day 60 I never know today but it is the
middle oh no move on and I am feeling
great today today is gonna be an amazing
amazing day the homie slim slim slim is
coming to our house the homie slim slim
is coming through later because we're
watching game one of the calves and
warriors and also today it is a big day
for Rhema dalla
she is finally taking off her training
wheels well I'm taking it off for her
and I'm not she'd get any practicing
this is her first time ever
riding a bike with just two wheels she's
60 Remo you're six he supposed to do
this when you're like 5 4 when I was
like 5 I already took off my training
wheels but today
rimas gonna overcome her fear overcome
her training wheel thing we're gonna
take it off and she's gonna be riding a
bicycle with no training wheels so we're
doing me again before we get the black
start and make sure you guys give this
vlog a giant thumbs up thank you guys so
much to every single one you guys will
always give it like to the vlog and who
always subscribe and put your
notifications on every single day it's
always a little ease upstairs and the
crazy thing is well leave matter of fact
I'm gonna go bring him and tell you guys
what the crazy thing is do me gang I'm
with the homie Ali Saleh and the homie
masala Bobby what's up what's up is on
his iPad right now and as I was telling
you guys the crazy thing is about Ali I
keep forgetting he even exists like I
keep forgetting that he was born I'm so
sorry you say that but I'm sorry man I'm
so focused on Rima and Mawson like when
Rima was born I'm focused on her cuz she
was like the only one when my son was
born he was like the first boy so I was
like you know focus on both of them now
that Ali is born I'm so focused with
Rima and Watson that I keep forgetting
that Ali
Sylar is here I'm sorry I'm sorry oh my
god I love you as much as I love every
single one of them okay no I'm sorry I
hurt his feelings I'm sorry I'm sorry
guys if you look closely he looks a lot
more like Reema like trust me when my
son was a baby he has a lot of hair like
Reema he just looks like the top of his
face looks much more like Reema I'm
sorry you okay
okay he hates me right now sorry I've
been hurt feeling I do know you exist I
do know he's giving me that death stare
like what do me gang the first thing we
gotta do is remove the training wheels
right here so we might need a little
wrench take it out remind you know
what's a wrench oh my gosh we need it
mustn't you know was a wrench Mawson is
mad cuz he wants to take off his
training wheels but Massa they're only
three yes you are you're three how do
you then know you're not one
oh my god so the bad thing is we do not
have a wrench I only have my dad's this
I'm like a hammer this is like for the
plants and stuff and I'm trying to work
it out like you sure will even work more
break it off for nothing a month ago our
styling
oh my god guys I got my supreme gloves
on this is how we got to do I'm doing it
the Arab way I already removed the
training wheel here I mean I could have
wanted to go get a wrench but like I
just I just didn't feel like I mean like
so I'm doing it the Arab way I'm taking
it away and Rima I have a surprise for
you I'm gonna buy you a new bike
tomorrow without crazy without training
wheels but today we'll practice this one
with the one vid about career by now
we're about to try out the bicycle
without the training wheels well
actually it's like half of enough cuz I
did it Yamini style but I'm gonna get
our new bike but we're gonna try it out
you know their practice so pretty much
this bike got no no training wheels I
already put everything up and I'm tryna
do but it is a two wheeler my dream is
gonna try it out I really hope she
doesn't break her but let's do it she's
right there in the car my dad you don't
pull up right now guys we got the one
and only Remo solid this is your first
time ever I'm driving a bicycle with no
training wheels how do you feel feel
good are you nervous or no yes why are
you nervous because don't worry if you
fall I'll catch you okay ready
I'll do it
sure Aloha
uber station okay go gotcha
I need the hold on some good put up okay
keep going
I'm gonna go again take you take another
tale dude messes up everything man let's
take the whole spotlight man you want to
take the whole spotlight mustn't huh yes
you do your spotlight it's hard with or
without obviously gonna be hard but you
got this Rima you can easily balance it
Doron okay don't worry you got this okay
gonna try it alone all right don't worry
you got to be like feeling yes I'm
holding one two three
come on Ramon you got this girl Reema
Reema Reema
try to put your leg on both of them and
just drive just go look look straight
don't look down look straight and go
fast go hard yeah
yes let's go
let's go up oh my god come on Reba
she's actually pretty lucky she has the
little training wheel there because I
feel like this is a good start for her
if she didn't have those little broken
training wheels we probably would have
fell off like really hard but imma try
it again just keep trying Rima after
like a few days you should be good just
push oh it's the first time I see must
and so sweetness Robin let's go baby
come on girl you got this keep going you
got this what what are you doing
Rima Reba come back Muzzin you got her
mad I think she's mad cuz it a bike like
she can't do it like Fremont come back
oh my god Rima slimmies coming come
and now she's going now she wants to
help so why don't you want to ride the
bike why don't you want to do it just
keep trying never give up never ever
give up come on Reema I know it's kind
of tricky but like you got this
okay I'm hold onto you ready John yeah
go here yes yes yes Ilana yes keep on
keep on keep on the Suprema keep mustn't
get out the way get out the way this
dudes vacant reverse look at him let's
go yeah they're so happy with him
uh-huh we might always want to tell
everyone what she's doing it she's
trying to drive without training wheels
oh wow but she's been busting her butt
he doesn't speak English
what's his name you know the first time
slim and I we meet yeah you know he
seems chill with you with me always
cries man yeah soon you're not hold the
baby
no way Holly Eileen Omega don't play
with each other
Oh cute brother and sister man but so I
want Ali to be better than us and my
sons too bad man seriously too bad stop
fussing you're a bad boy don't do that
okay stop please you know what I played
do you know a song like where is pinky
finger where is pinky finger what
he always says it's the middle finger
where is made of damage but he sings
that song I'll be a bad boy bro where is
there you know a middle finger no well
to be honest it just it's just a finger
and that song even Barney did it yeah
Barney didn't do me anywhere in Toys R
Us right now yes let me split me I never
been to the Toys R Us
since member times where I miss that
told you so much memories man yeah all
the real ones are gonna remember like
wooden toys I still have that picture in
my wall no I miss I miss that toy store
so much so I'm Slim got to speak out
pretty much we're all gonna be like this
turn his video so I'm ah yeah we're
gonna see this channel it's my first
time doing it so um ah we're gonna see
how what you gotta do is you gotta speak
yeah yeah it's trying to speak so all
this is this probably all the ways flip
can speak we give him this sometimes
just go like oh do me gig we just
finished Slim's challenge video it was
so funny bro and he gave you you gave
Rima the best present yo he gave rimas I
can't believe it oh no it was an amazing
amazing present guys guess what she was
huh what do you say do me again if you
guys want to see it make sure you guys
go to the link down below you'll see
what is it called now mouthguard
challenge it was pretty
