Garrett do me gang what up it is day 7
of Ramadan I literally just woke up like
20 minutes ago and look at this man I
was eating so hood and that first to
hold I was so so sleepy
I couldn't even drink my water look my
water is on my bed and now I'm so so
thirsty looking at it like I should have
finished you in I should have drank you
I'm so thirsty you guys do not
understand I'm so dehydrated so I'm not
gonna think about water this water gone
don't look at me don't look at me I can
throw my god do me yank I hope you guys
are feeling amazing today if you guys
are makes you guys give this black a
thumbs up always give the black a thumbs
up whenever it starts give it a thumbs
up because I give you guys blogs every
single day I want to make you guys smile
when I make you guys forget about any
stress you guys have also I just want to
say I'm so so sorry if I'm in active on
Twitter lately the thing is these past
few days in our Milan have been kind of
hard for me man like before it was just
Rima I was taking care of Rima then
after that I was just you know like Rima
Mawson now it's Rima Mawson Ali Jamaat
is coming Deena it's like literally a
freaking like a classroom in my house
man but I'm always active on atom Salah
Instagram so my Instagram stories always
upload on Instagram on Twitter I'm
always active on Twitter too so make
sure you guys follow me rimas right Rima
guys are you guys looking at what I see
it like look it's like water it's
haunting me man put this water a little
bit
no peeking
oh my I can't man I can't uncle just
closed my eyes until I guess if that's
I'm so freaking thirsty man right after
I say I'm so freaking thirsty this is
what you do huh oh my god Rima I feel
like ah why would you just drink liquor
here with the shades on look who we have
here bad boy Muhsin and we got Rima
right there but what I hate is that they
eaters are right here are you a hater
you are oh well Remos looking for some
hater put back the shades on you like me
hate is that hey this is why what this
is why I don't frickin allow on my
Watson what the Freak man look at this
dude all freakin yo who did that she
didn't do that that was you
who did that
I'm just coming yeah you sure rimas so
hype right now she's saying 500 minutes
but it's not 5 minutes 5 we're not gonna
show up to like five hours because my
mom she gives like oh I'm still a minute
or five minutes they coming to come five
minutes five minutes thank you also
Muhsin I want to apologize once again no
I'm here
that's the bestest friend I feel Asit I
know but when I say sorry must look
nothing like I want to say sorry for
ignoring you
I'm sorry for ignoring Union today's
videos if you guys haven't seen I
ignored moisten and remind yesterday's
video so if you guys did it make sure
you guys check it out he's a little
preview do you like being ignored
yeah you like being in the nard you
didn't know what I'm saying what
happened look at this I'm literally
setting up the camera and lights and
everything and they're doing fights
every time what mustn't stop don't worry
I'm gonna be in the middle doing it do
be getting I'm here with me gang we're
about to make time pass by quick cuz
it's a time move on you know I'm saying
but robot do something crazy so I don't
know if you guys have heard of a girl
named Lotte first of all let me ask Rema
Rema have you heard about a girl named
Lotte nothing
you knows Lotte know all right which is
really really good because I want to see
rhemas reaction to Lotte and if you guys
do not know Lotte is this little
nine-year-old girl who flexes all over
the Internet and pretends to have like
all this money and like she talks a lot
of her - she talks a lot of crap and I
want to see Rima and Mawson's a reaction
- you guys ready to see it yes it do me
gang if you guys listen closely my mom
is vacuuming upstairs but what about the
watch at Lotte video Mauston and Rima
they're very eager to watch this video
because they see a little girl with
money on here flex a soma
as well
little table you six she's none you know
she saw them in you right look Jesus
lexan take a joke okay okay okay girl
house broke help another Imam she said
when she was sick she lived in Atlanta
she was broke as hell master work is
harder your mom's right ever car sold
over part nothing accomplished here
trees Jemma guys after seeing a few
videos of Lotte like I can know that
this is not her like this is not her
personality no not your old can act the
way she's acting or half the stuff like
it's probably illegal man like the way
he was acting right now she's just you
know she's Loretta her Harlem this is
coming out but don't worry there'll be a
little message from little ray later you
know I'm saying alright handshake engine
dad can you do that
yeah yeah can you do that okay oh you're
wearing Gucci from head to toe
y'all can't afford this shit fishy cause
your whole know was gonna be really mad
as that she keeps repeating the same
thing this issue cost more than your
rent literally she only has three
phrases and she just repeats it every
single time every single time she's
seeing the same girl Luce get some new
phrases bitch y'all be wearing cheap ass
she like hand-me-down like before you
talk to you know me why don't you go
make some money okay that's living with
everything she says I'm the youngest
lexer in the century is she really doing
this blacks in the century reaper
services average man
mashallah prima is strong shit
al-bukhari maja Vienna is strong - yeah
but you're also bad but read my like
she's the oldest sibling and like I look
up to him and she's all the similar
sheets she holds it down she's above the
box you know she is yes her a little
tape don't like each other they have
beef
I like beef the meat you eat like a beef
burger yes they have beef in there now
I'm token they have beat yeah they don't
like each other
why they just don't like each other you
know they both if I was I'd rather go
with the Danielle I'm sure little ray is
coming thumbs up the rain is gonna give
a little message to those shape let's do
it
her brother knife item you're not about
it yeah that was just like a little mini
skit that I did for her look now he
wants to do it but seriously all jokes
aside seeing what Lotte didn't like her
brother telling you what to say is it
isn't really cool man but you can do as
a joke I like for fun like making them
curse and getting them in trouble
getting them almost hurt but they catch
me outside girls really really bad Lotte
girl you call even called me freaking
broke you called everyone broke you
called no right bro
look at you count on money nah but
seriously this is all for entertainment
purposes Rima cracks me up
yo services a thumbs up
okay this is for me from up here money
okay thank you
no ray I appreciate it no that's so
sweet
Oh a doobie gang I just met up with the
homies Isan party without man just let
me slip without man fixing himself up
we're about to go watch a movie what's
called Deadpool that came out already
like that one I did it wasn't that boo
too because they're really big Marvel
for your big mobile fit all of them I'm
a big moral fan too but like with them
like they'd be the books exam who the
hell be books do you read books to
ebooks now do you read books
no no just said yes I'm a wreck i'ma try
my best not to sleep and I'm a rated I
want to be tough is asleep that piece of
shit he deserves to die for what he did
to you he hurt you badly
it's guys you just finished a movie I'ma
be honest what luck that pool is now
like my favorite superhero because I
feel like I feel like that's me
yo Deadpool was one in Italy but all
like he doesn't usually always sleep
like single I mean now nice move in
everything it was like it's not funny
not 25
