I'm with his Navy right now the lovely
the one and only Harriet
guys we're starting off the vlog with
the homies Allie moss and SAF how you
guys doing
why it looks that who's that you want to
play basketball mustn't stop saying that
you want to play - what's up Ellie Ellie
we can make all right mustn't mustn't be
quiet stop okay cool cool dumi yang
what's up I hope you guys are feeling
great today I'm feeling so so amazing
we're starting off the vlog by playing a
little bit of basketball me and say yeah
we're gonna be shooting some hoops as
you guys know there is a basketball game
coming up June 30th I can't wait to see
you guys there let's ball out for a bit
it is day four day five of Ramadan I'm
so so tired I don't want to get myself
tired out guys you know what I'm
thinking about doing a challenge the
ignoring Morrison for 24 hour challenge
because if I do that I feel like you'll
go see the four night challenge what are
you doing huh I feel like if I ignore
this kid for like let's even two minutes
he would literally go insane man would
you go insane bouncy house Mawson why
are you such a bad boy oh my god she
just burped buddy do me gang I
appreciate every single one you guys who
always give the vlog a thumbs up so make
sure I give this blog a giant thumbs up
I really don't know why I'm wearing this
I woke up like this thumbs up to me I
love you guys I'm ignoring you for 40
hours thumbs up so many do it 48 70
hours thumbs up for me to do an ignoring
challenge tomorrow I'm gonna ignore you
real soon I don't know if you know
ignoring means but what does it mean
Mawson so when I give you no attention
don't go crazy okay yeah uh-huh start
hitting me now do me gang this is the
first time I'm outside with the homie
island lagoon hi go outside guys take a
little picture mean are you come on
thank you
I've been like at least so sick of life
man he's like man I'm sick of this world
already clicking you okay okay hi Jenna
Kasab are you doing Alicia Haley he's
enjoying the other Oh seriously the
basketball is bigger than him he's
opening I see the Sun Watson don't start
getting naked Moston why you always
naked huh yeah you love being naked
you gonna make this shot I don't think
you gonna make it was sure to go
I put it low for you too Wow look at the
guys like who just came from school
what's up Bri my how you doing sorry my
you just came from school what are you
gonna do now good job pretty much see
kids learn from Rima she always comes
home from school does all of her
homework than she please she can't play
unless she does her homework which is
kind of pretty dope what about you do
you play or do homework no you don't
know nothing
hi guys I'm ready to practice in
basketball with the kids all around me
so let's do it
look what this kid does like any man
we're playing basketball we're not
swimming in the pool
ya heard what are you doing I'm gonna
ignore you for real for a week yes I am
I'm gonna ignore him for a week
be careful he wants attention that bad
he figured better suitable under the
courts oh my God look at night thinks
he's swimming you're not swimming he's
not water inside plenty though I do not
know what's up with this kid but now I
have to put water inside to make him a
pope
oh my god do me gang I just got done
taking a shower and waking up from a nap
because Ramadan man it's killing me so
far but it's going amazing I'm hamdullah
and I'm here with Ali he's there and I'm
a man
seriously Bubba oh ma who do you love
more your kids or your grandkids very
good grandkids grandkids so you like Ali
more than me why what's what's like
special about like grandkids
well yeah baby the baby maybe because
it's like the baby of your own son so
like you see him as your son instead of
the earth I don't know it's confusing
but like so she's a grandkid too so like
it's pretty insane I'm not a grandkid
I might know I'm not a grandkid nah yo
after seeing all the kids in my family
I don't want 13 kids no more I want zero
grown up so harbors down to get zero
kids dab on it let him chill he wants us
leave and chill them samples I grab my
chin to talk to him oh no danger came hi
guys every vlog I'm gonna try to make
Ali smile Ali Saleh what's up how are
you
60-seconds every vlog I'm gonna try to
make her smile silicium hi Lee hi hi you
see me look good big smile come on I
know you're only 13 days old but get a
big smile big smile hi hi you're
delaying your delay your delay this kid
has no reaction up high you see me he is
not impressed you're not impressed next
time sorry I'm sorry
am i bothering you my bad we cool yeah
we cool we cool yeah we cool I'm sorry
until next time to make Ally smile we go
guys we got the homie you sit over here
so we got the whole Adam solid family
all right we've been working out we've
been chillin Boston man
look at what happens you ready ready to
see your babysitter huh why are you
being bad why are you always bad a bad
boy yes you are is he a bad boy
yeah are you ready let's go come on is
it ready you thought the meet the
babysitter she's ready to be in the vlog
today come over here
superb nanny's coming you know rema me
myself up there you guys are fasting oh
okay I got my eyes on you girl do be
getting home eating any just make it
quick I see if you don't say but to
break our fast music come on you got to
get the Sun goose to get the Sun before
the Yemeni mother way shout out to all
the Yemeni ladies to the Arab ladies
Merced ladies who cooked me this is a
workout man huh go on back to 1800 coz
put your pants back on put your pants
back on Mohsen put your pants back on
let's go alright guys I'm with three mom
Austin is somewhere running around naked
and with his nanny right now the lovely
the one and only Harriet Harriet Cubs
there I was I so the first question I'm
asked you is oh ma how have you been
like dealing with moss in the past few
days
Mattson it's too hard for me but I'm so
sorry for Boston rimas our eye cream was
over muscle rimas really really sweet
Mawson oh my god he's really really like
I don't know if you seen some of my
videos I try to do like the superb nanny
can you make him be good or like yes
yeah alright you got it give me some
tips you know I'm saying I will not be
cirsium ah thank you so much for
everything you do and you're welcome
from our family what's your nationality
by the way yeah kinda shout out to
gunner everyone from Ghana what's up
how's it going and I'm all yeah let's go
back to your cell right let's do it
let's do it cream are you gonna be good
alright rimas always good to you yeah
yes ream are you good sir who's the bad
one why why is he bad let's go see let's
go see what he's a meanie don't we gonna
get him we're gonna attack him come on
let's go let's muscle your butt naked
right now come give me a let me take you
someone come
Mawson stop only 10 more minutes till if
that time yes this is like the best
feeling ever it do me gang if you guys
haven't subscribed make sure you guys
subscribe and put you notifications on
if you guys want to stay updated with my
videos every single day because it's
always where you can let here do me a
always gonna make us smile always want
to brighten any days let's go see what's
up with them if that is coming that
seems ready come on do it yeah we got
some sambusas ready here you already
knows i'm busie but you're fast I don't
know gonna break it it was this so five
minutes left five minutes ago Rima
that's five minutes to go five minutes
five minutes the muslin you just put on
clothes we got C dates ready to eat
about let's do it
do me gang I had a crazy amazing day I
hope you guys enjoy today if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey I really hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog with hair yet the nanny she is
going through so much with Marcin you
guys will see her a lot more in the
vlogs thank you guys so much for loving
support I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
gang take care and pitch I love
you
