Muhsin put on some cold and leave let's
go let's go come on let's go we gotta go
Muhsin
do begin what's up this is day three or
day four of Ramadan how do you even know
I'm so so close it starting up the vlog
trying to make a leave Burke once again
I always make a mistake almost clothing
you mustn't but the homie Ollie I'm
sorry man I just keep forgetting you
were born and like you're in this life I
keep I can't believe it I can't believe
it you're gonna burp now yes kind of be
patient with kids man but a do me yank
me you surf piece of show yourself my
choice of choice up yeah we go in we go
into the mall about the hit up have a
fun time before we have v on because you
already know we're also so hungry I'm
about to eat I'll leave right now minute
seriously I want to just put it down
here and eat you I'm about to eat you up
nobody eat you don't sleep on me you
know babies when they're like only like
a week or two old there I can't wait til
you're like three to four months older
and you're gonna move and you're gonna
have fun we're gonna turn up we're gonna
have an amazing time yes yes said yes
yes you guys I feel like he starts
slowly starting to realize like I don't
I'm started to know me because I see him
every single day
and he started to get used to me already
like he's sleeping like movies do me
yeah it's a perfect thing to have these
sunglasses out we got the family over
here I love you hear you mom looks
nice hi say yeah say fu always on your
phone 24/7 be huh your iPad is dying go
charge it go charge it man this is why
Toys R Us is going out of business
chef tell them wise toys was going out
of business because every kid is getting
savvy Wow that's true every kid is
getting tablets and Toys R Us is running
out of business no one wants alright
just realize that yeah no one was toys
and nothing like that my G man my dad
loves giving knuckle touches me he
thinks he's a germaphobe he doesn't like
touching anyone why you don't like doing
like that some people don't like that
and
right hand
hello guys look man Mawson is here he's
waiting for it Mawson who are you
waiting for
do you really want me to come he loves
his sister that much like watches we
must stay home stay home wait yeah every
major station Remo says she's gonna stay
home
that's so cute when you really wants to
read but it come rebound let's go Marcin
finally loves you and wants you to come
same ones here finally guys we're headed
to the park right now I can't go to the
mall no more you want to go but the park
and play okay we're gonna go to the park
and play yay yay
guys look at this car man I've never
seen a Range Rover convertible yo guys
this is insane
we're going to the beach and look the
highways up man what the heck
yo do me gang we ended up going to the
beach because it's beautiful beautiful
weather and I want to take some cool
pics
we're in an island you love the beach
come on let's go let's go oh Mohsen yeah
go get it roughing it
guys we're stepping in the beach yes yes
yes let's go do me gang we just got to
the beach so you're not allowed to go
inside the water but we're savages
you're not supposed to go in still more
like a week or two from now but it's too
hot you're gonna go wait hello guys guys
guys gotta be savages we're gonna go in
for you guys it's too hot man it's too
hot come on real let's go guys look man
no one is here
no one yo oh my god literally this is
our world either what you do a heart
circle
well subhanAllah this is amazing yo this
is too beautiful not to go in
big tasty lick the waves the waves are
just huge man what are you doing
Boston is the only salmon that would do
this oh my god Boston be that crazy
this dude is wild and dope look at him
Muhsin you going you going bobbing yeah
he's all these savages going in he wants
to take off his sweater like this issue
what does take it off listen you either
take it off this dude is actually like
yeah this is beautiful man Muslim what
you want to do he's the only one he
don't care but look at him he's a boss
he don't care leave him he wants take
his pants off he wants it this dude
wants to take his pants off now
yo your cousin's going in yeah he's
going in he's such an Arab Oh
oh my god what is he I wouldn't take
this off man oh my god
oh don't think I'll be no diaper no God
must do we do bus oh oh my god oh my god
oh my god I'm running away
Mosley's Wilding out man Muhsin put on
some clothes and leave let's go let's go
come on let's go we gotta go
Muhsin this dude is running butt-naked
all over the beat oh my god oh my god to
do this in statement look at him man
look what is he doing what is this dude
doesn't care look at here I told you the
waves of strongman the waves of stroke
wasn't you can't go naked inside the
beach you can't go naked Wilson throw me
your best friend
Lawson you're a mean man ooh gotta be
tied up man I'll chasing him around the
whole freaking beat I feel like I gotta
work I look oh he doesn't run oh my god
Yusuf freaking first Moses get trouble
now what are you doing come on you're my
oldest nephew man get down you're like
six feet eight get that come on yo yo oh
my god
let's do it as well say F tell your
little brother something
standing sitting on any handrail within
the form that means jumping over it
climbing I told him yeah I did you Dumbo
I told you you get a childhood I told
you you don't believe it
told you say yup said oh my god say I'm
stopped she's right there yo do me gang
seriously the kids have been wild so
mean Yousef we're now escaping to go eat
if taught at Slim's house yes slim man
we love you thank you so much for making
us we're literally moving ourselves
moving to something else this whole
block after this is give me slim cells
man sorry out of some yeah too well for
me man I've been chasing who's like a
daycare and it was literally like a
tsunami inside my house
seriously was like a tsunami slim I
really hope there isn't like a tsunami
near care - because I know you know our
t-rex I know I'm Elohim you know they
always go ham Kylie they knew you guys
they go pretty wild but with the calm
ones where the calmest me that mean you
said actually use of got Chloe security
today bro yo you're that man you almost
got in trouble man I know I caught the
whole thing I'm like you all trying to
avoid a person oh yeah guys what's up
with the homie I was alone ham I do man
do a good my welcomed in your house not
allowed because I scape from little kids
okay from ream on stuff yeah yeah so now
I'm in your house yeah good morning yo
what the best thing about being here I
gotta say what up man do wish i doing
man so comas chill Maji thank you guys
invited me like I'm their brothers man
literally we having a date the home we
thought it great that I do man I miss
you mean what the home right there was
man Muslim what's up i doing came back
shook around for everything choker on
the big boss thank you so much come
along vadik
yo we just got done eating made person
in the mall wrong yo yo y'all with a
slim slim man yo thank you like I made a
big escape we knew some escape the crazy
yeah what you guys no no don't roll any
tongue rock is like what kind of sleep
anymore any corner window seed now you
know yeah many foods they have any more
food all this and I'm like done come on
you gotta eat
oh gotta smell of man okay some our seed
right there slim but if it's on see
happened
I feel bad they're like he's like
lifting a yes yeah I can come
back I'm gonna do me yang I am back home
with the homie it kicks through you say
what up man
we're eating our asteroid right now
already man is oh yeah right now huge
shout-out to Eman better than your
mother's as you guys know like a year
ago I did an episode with her like a
cooking episode I made homeless herself
if she made us cookies man look at this
yo these are like handmade these you wow
this is dope man sir see I'm uh I'm
wasting my time my eating time so do me
hang thank you guys so much for love and
support if you guys enjoyed the vlog
make sure you but it thumbs up and go
Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
