oh my god Austin man I thought you were
the best one I say my name but like my
last name has been Oh Dada
baby you're what suffer do me yank I'm
here with the homie Ollie we're starting
off the life together say hi ollie hi
what's up gang thumbs up this vlog yeah
I heard him he said thumbs up this vlog
right now I'm gonna try my best to make
him smile I don't know I just feel like
I know how to make baby smell it sounds
weird but like I feel like I know how to
make baby smells I don't know let's try
it out okay so our style is out sir hi
you always gotta go like this hi Ally
look he's looking he's looking he's
really curious he's like what is he
doing that noise babies love that noise
they're like little squirrels come on
let me see you smile let me see you
smile huh let me see you smile he's
looking at me he's like get out my face
well he's about to smile away
hi Ally yo looking oh Allah oh my god he
like he's focusing hi Habibi he's trying
to talk look him yes it's me sadden is
your uncle your favorite uncle duh yeah
do me gang I hope you guys are having an
amazing that I'm going on so far today
is day 2 of Ramadan and so far it's
going really really amazing
right now I want to show you guys a
quick supreme stuff that I got look at
this man this is amazing man look at
this let me show you guys each item but
first I want to give a huge shout out to
Wragge Draghi thank you so so much he
gave these for my birthday it's like an
early birthday gift
my birthday's June 4th ma let's see
what's up first of all I got this hat
right here y'all ready no supreme hat is
it better in the front or like in the
back you guys tell me back or front let
me know in the comments well back up
front let me know I got this supreme
sweater I here supreme mix with Lacoste
it's right here supreme a I got a
supreme gym like to put your drinks like
a gym drink load drinks right here I got
a supreme umbrella
look at this that's the frame umbrella
some hype bees crazy ish i have supreme
gloves like you want to go out with a
bike or just you're working out with
something like that you can put this on
we had another supreme sweater we have a
supreme little you know those let me try
this on right now i never try this you
know what the men are like they put it
across them like little murder
try it out man I see a lot of people
especially in the UK rocking it I don't
know how to put it on how do I put it on
like this
is that like this or is it like that yo
I don't know it's someone teaching you
how to put this thing on man I never had
one of these wigs though and also got
these skateboards these supreme
skateboards I mean hang it on my wall in
my room another one right here look at
this hey sick look guys I do not even
know where the kids are so you ready -
no I'm gonna have to see this already
yeah how you guys doing your baby what's
up what's up hey hey Jake what what up
here
what's mutton masu what are you doing
huh
come let's go on the trampoline come
let's go let's go the triply oh my god
hi guys I'm steppin the trampoline oh
alright let's see one two three yeah
where's the flip come on I must do flip
one two three what the heck new me gang
as you guys know if you guys seen the
ACE family's video my name was mentioned
in I will speak about that in the end of
the block right now we got a basketball
court so imma show some moves to do me
out let's do it man it do me gay I'm
doing this bare feet
skinny jeans on hat on I'm ready let's
go baby let's go baby
I'm on it come on you can put the rim of
the lower we could do a little dunk on
dumi gang as you guys know a few months
ago I got robbed me yg slim the key
would cost our whole Airbnb got robbed
my laptop got stolen my Louis Vuitton
bag my all flight everything but let's
just say Airbnb hooked it up and I got a
brand new laptop right now so far so
let's see what it is a kind of it is
your buddy it's the newest MacBook Pro
so it's beautiful man let's see it let's
open it up I opened it right here tada
Wow wow this is beautiful laptop MacBook
Apple yes yes more editing more freaking
Photoshop with thumbnails more like
amazing stuff as you guys know I upload
every single day I look crazy vlogs
every single day and this is gonna help
me so much so baby you're my new wife
before was my electric bike now this is
my new wife I love you I love you more
no I love you more
I mean you stop I'm fasting stop I'm
fasting the only thing that I don't like
about this laptop is that they don't
have a memory card slot like what the
heck what kind of freaking laptop has no
memory card and this is a new $3,000
freaking laptop and I has no what the
heck come on Apple step your game up hey
do me gang so if you guys do not know a
few months ago Austin from the ACE
family he did this video calling out you
know people to play him in basketball
for fifty thousand dollars for a charity
of whoever the winner is they choose a
charity of their choice which is really
really dope and as you guys know my name
was floating around and I don't know and
at the end it ended up being him versus
rice guv they're gonna have their one on
one you know basketball game they're
also gonna have a three-point contest
with faze rug in there and they're also
having like an official 5 and 5
basketball game and I had no clue they
were having like a 5 and 5 basketball
games so then out of nowhere the ace
family did upload a video and then rice
like he said in the video I really
haven't really seen the video you guys
tweeted me videos of him talking and he
said he was naming the people on Rice's
team and one of the people is me and I'm
gonna be straight-up honest with you
guys
be straight up honest I had no clue like
I had no no idea I was in the team it
literally came out of nowhere
my manager B team called me saying Adam
what the hell how are you in there
you've been talking with them or what my
family came to me is like Adam you
haven't told me anything you haven't
told us anything how are you involved in
this basketball game you should have
told us a new meeting all of you guys
were tweeting me saying Adam oh my god
you've been hiding this from us you
didn't tell us anything about the
basketball game man I'm lost what you
guys I had no clue are you here just a
little recap the winning team gets to
pick the charity of their choice so
that's pretty exciting and hopefully we
do because we want to obviously pick the
charity all I gotta say is my team
better be ready JC caylen Tanner Fox
Christopher London Landon Paul George
wolfy guys if you guys do not know they
have Paul George on their team he is an
NBA player he's an NBA all-star and he's
on their team that is that's pretty dope
man that's really really dope and they
have Christopher London he's another
tall really tall a nice Austin is really
good they have a squad they have a
really good really good team let's see
the next team that had no clue about but
let's see y'all better start practicing
because we got some money to win for
charity and as a matter of fact I just
got word on rice gums team so this is
who rice comb has on his team
juju Smith I think he's a football
player for Pittsburgh steel good bass
banks Alex wasabi Tom Broadus good Adam
Sela and I know he has one
NBA player I just don't know who it is
yet so it's gonna be a pretty good oh my
god Austin man I thought you were the
best one I say my name but like my last
name has been oh I feel bad for my last
name is it just it's so easy man s ALDH
solid solid I don't know why people
always get it wrong and even in their
sight in the poster it says my name
wrong and like I don't know how to feel
like oh my god man like it's so easy
solid like it's just just yeah just
don't nevermind but that sounds really
really amazing I believe rice gum is
gonna have Devin Booker who was also an
NBA player it's an amazing team you know
a squad versus another squad but the
only bad thing is I'm going on tour at
that time I had no
nothing about this until literally when
the video is out no one spoke to me or
told me anything that just put me down
to the team which is you know pleasure
to be on the team but as of now I'm
talking with my team where you're trying
to arrange something so I won't know
anything until like probably a few days
okay do me yank this is five to six
hours later I decided to give you guys
my final answer right now because I feel
like since I'm doing the video are that
you guys know and the tickets come out
tomorrow so do me gang the question is
am i playing on rice gums team versus
Austin's team the A's family and the
answer is drumroll yes I'm playing do me
today I spoke with my management team
they sorted everything out and I will
make it to LA to play and Rice's team vs
Austin to ace family so rice gum I got
you I'm gonna play my hardest I don't
know why I just did boxing this isn't
boxed in his basketball I'm so so
excited I believe the tickets are gonna
be out literally tonight midnight so I
cannot wait to see everyone there he's
gonna be a dope amazing event for a good
cause so make sure you guys come through
I finally confirmed that I will be there
because I was so confused the whole time
and now it's confirmed to do me yang and
I've been speaking to rising I'm on
Twitter so I cannot cannot wait I feel
like rice gums team you know we got the
squad we got the squad in the team so I
cannot cannot wait huge shout out to my
management team with Kennedy the only
thing we changed for my tour is the
Sydney show the Sydney show will now be
July 6 instead of June 29th cuz I felt
like even the people in Australia would
want me to do this so to everyone who
got tickets for the Sydney show you can
still come July 6 there will be more
updates on that throughout the week
there will be more updates signed on my
site but July 6 is Sydney July 3rd is
Melbourne and Jo and 30th will be the
game I'm so so excited I'm gonna start
practicing I keep going like this
practice oh my god I'm so practicing I
cannot wait to see you guys June 30th
love you guys and I'm on let's do it we
go hard man we going hard love you guys
and I hope you guys have fun with it
love you by the way do me again forgot
to tell you guys but every single item
on the do me store.com is sold out of my
merch everything is sold out of doobie
gang I already seen a lot of you guys
wearing it it looks so so beautiful on
you guys thank you to every single
person who cop one we are gonna restock
some more we only did a hundred of each
piece of clothing and a lot of you guys
seriously a lot of you guys we're
getting them so thank you guys so all my
rotted eyes it to everyone who has a
piece of merch you guys or my homies
Dave you guys
watch I love you guys also if you're
looking to come see me on tour me and
fouseytube make sure you guys get your
tickets right here Adam eats Lucy calm
where you're going to Australia we're
going to Malaysia we're going to
Singapore Indonesia and the UK so make
sure you guys come through is gonna be
an amazing amazing time you guys do not
want to miss it it's literally probably
gonna be the most fun you guys will ever
have so I'm and the most touching you
guys will ever feel so make sure you
guys come to us see you guys it to me
gang if that time is not to like an hour
I would have rimas in the bathroom right
now she told me she was fasting all day
I think she's scared to eat in front of
me because I've been telling you Rima
please don't eat in front of me I don't
want to see food isn't that I just feel
it's eating a banana in the bathroom I'm
not even joking what are you doing Rima
hello what are you doing get up stand up
what are you doing what do you mean
nothing I'm gonna wash your hands behind
the toilet
nobody was behind your back can I see it
please why no what is it you've been
eating a banana why are you eating why
eating you can eat me money know that
you're not passing you really buy this
house it person she's all right so why
are you eating here hold it hold it guys
you know why she's doing this because
Jamal told her that he was fasting my
hammies has been fasting you know no
family tell you she's only six you don't
have to fast all I said all I said was
don't eat in front of me but one plate
you don't have to go on hot you can go
somewhere else I mean she kind of lied
to me and so many she's fasting but Rima
you're six it's okay yeah what that
banana your hands right how about you
eat it fast yeah do me gang and handle
that method is not till five minutes
from now I'm gonna end the vlog here I'm
gonna go eat I'm gonna go chill I'm
gonna go spend time with the family I
really hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
so you guys enjoying this time
thumbs up do me actor sever the hook
these vlogs make you guys smile every
single day I want to give something out
you know I want to give all I want to
give you guys literally like I want to
make you guys feel like my energy that's
why I want to give you guys good content
every single day so thank you guys so
much for love and support I'm gonna go
upstairs drink and gallon of water eat
everything on there and I'll be vlogging
a lot more you're not be showing you
guys I just don't want a show because
you guys already know what it is like
sambusa a seed and I don't want to keep
showing the same thing so I'm gonna go
eat spend time with the family I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care do not forget to subscribe and
put your notifications on take your pick
I love you guys what are you doing
