we
hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day I decided
to say my intro for one last time this
is the moment you've all been waiting
for
dumi yang you guys do not know there is
a new baby in town of the atom sala
family and every time there's a new baby
it's always a new season so I know
Google likes me and I told you guys
season 3 is gonna start the first day
but I'm on today's not the first day of
it I'm about but it is May 15 I blame
Google Google told me May 15 still I'm a
man of my words I'm gonna do it May 15
it's all good we started season 3 a day
early which is even better but yes we
have a new baby who's gonna be in the
vlogs now have the luck he's healthy
he's doing good he's happy and you guys
are gonna see him from today and so on
and do me game but today's the first
time you guys are ever gonna see him
literally you guys are gonna see him
when he's just a few hours old and the
crazy thing is he moves a lot he has a
lot of hair he smiles mashallah he's
very very active and he literally looks
like a mix of Mawson and Rima together
seriously if you put moss and Rima
together that's the new baby way I just
wanted to do this intro to welcome you
guys to season 3 season 3 vlogs are
gonna be amazing and I'm Ilana blinds
are gonna be even more amazing I know
I'm a day early but I'm a llama badhak
to everyone out there enjoy this blessed
month wherever you are with your family
and also enjoy this video of me my
family going to the hospital and seeing
the new baby you guys will see the
baby's face and you guys will also know
baby's name in the end of the vlog so do
not forget to give this like a thumbs up
and do me ganc for the new baby
it's his first ever vlog and do not
forget to subscribe because I'm
literally like 3,000 subscribers from 4
million Oh Millie for Millie from Billy
for many for mr. C I'm so so excited for
this new chapter enjoy it love you guys
we're out here with Mawson say hi Remus
young guys I remember like literally
like three or four years ago who is me
and Rema Rema d remember the day we're
going to get him Austin because Mawson
was welcomed to this world man ready
tell them you're ready to see my new
baby brother baby would tell them what's
his name baby
his name is not baby his name is marcin
are you excited go you put this in the
car seat you mean let's just sit here
you can't go to the park
because you had to go see a little
brother you haven't seen him yes we MA
what say that it's too girly for you are
you positive
hi
remember once you go see mustn't I was
vlogging for you guys and now three to
four years later we're going to see yo G
be sweet like Rima mustn't didn't want
to see your brother
thank God Wilson is not the baby of the
house now the new baby is the baby of
the house now muslin your man
guys the crazy thing about this we're
going to the same hospital that my dad
was when he was sick now we're going to
see a new member of that guys we're here
with the man who literally makes all the
babies amen
how do you feel I was happy nervous yeah
and he came out of nowhere I know this
is like a week earlier right how did it
feel like more than a week early did you
expect it or no no man he came
unexpected and his hair is getting so
low yo look at this look at this old
rats my G my new baby coming soon
hopefully sooner shall I get babies to
Hamza Oh also do me yank the baby is not
named yet so Abe you're about to name it
right I already got the name ready no
way yes please tell me he's broken open
no good nobody's Brooklyn tell me I'm
not gonna tell you right now I'm gonna
tell you later
no tell me maybe Brooklyn maybe
Manhattan what are you gonna tell me hey
that's enough I don't even know what the
baby's name is only he knows what the
baby's name is okay the doctor said May
15 yeah but mom said don't believe the
doctor any minute now
no any minute now our mother's got a
sick sense man they be knowing
everything man thirsty I'm so so happy
because my dad was sick in this hospital
and now like hamdullah he's gonna get to
see the baby too we're gonna see how it
goes and I'll see you guys in next
shuttle
guys we just got to the hospital the man
the one and only the roastmaster is he
urgent man what's up how you doing bro
we're all about to see the baby we're
all gathering together the Adams family
he's coming stronger and Charlotte
literally waiting right now here all of
us awaiting who has ready
right now I'm vlogging for you guys to
tell you guys a little update yes the
baby is here me and my whole family are
waiting as you guys can see they're
really impatient baby came out earlier
than usual though so excited to see it
seriously the Adams family were so
strong we're ready to go see I cannot
wait to go see I cannot wait to welcome
him to this life but yeah this vlog will
be out the first day of Ramadan because
man like the man is Thomas babies trying
to fast I guess he just wants to come
out before them last week and fast but
alright now just being a patient I'm
just giving you guys the update do me
gang you guys you guys ready must be
happy excited Rima how excited are you
like 1000 how excited are you are you
excited
hey are you excited as we want to see
the baby right now muster your big
brother
guys oh my god mashallah is the yo Wow
it's model because yo he's adorable
may 6 2014 8 a.m. a.m. in the morning
yeah and how much it weighs seven pounds
in seven pounds and 11 ounces and how
tall is he 21 inches 21 inches math
shall allow me the Big Brother now he's
the little brother who's a baby who's
the baby you were him
yeah mostly United you're not a baby
I cried like 42 minutes no way I was
tearing - yo you got a you got a mohawk
already hey you got a haircut already hi
cutie hi welcome to world welcome to the
life to this crazy crazy world right
he's talking on he's talking he's like I
hear you man
yo he's smiling he's really is dream his
dream I swear he's trying to ease about
the laughs oh so he's about to laugh
right and they see him like he's trying
to open tonight do me gang I really hope
you guys enjoyed this video and know a
lot of you guys are probably thinking
what's his name Adam what's his name is
it saying as the atom as a Brooklyn or
his alley so the moment of truth his
name is
Brooklyn
I'm joking I'm joking you know joking
deceive his opera his name is not
Brooklyn do me game my parents were
going st. if his name is Brooklyn but
seriously I will let Morrison say his
name for you guys because he kind of
exposed it to me when I was in the
hospital the Maleficent shout-out to you
for saying his name even though you
didn't mean I to say right his name is
mustn't say it an asura book must he's a
easier baby what guys give warm welcome
to Ali Saleh
my first-ever
Ally solid sounds dope man Ali Saleh
even though I wanted it to be Adam sauce
when I grow old you can take over my
youtube channel but I'm just me my son
Adam Adam times two is upstairs it's
gonna be an amazing amazing month make
sure you guys have your notifications on
my channel you just press like the bell
somewhere around here if you guys want
to stay updated with every single one of
my videos I cannot wait to have fun with
you guys I always have fun with you guys
every single day literally you guys are
like my family every single day I just
want to make you guys some knowledge but
I haven't good connection which you guys
saw I'm on I'll see you guys tomorrow
doing a hopefully shallow will have 4
million subscribers season 3 so don't
know if would have been love what that
was about to start so I'm gonna go eat -
I'm freaking starving I love you guys do
we get thank you guys so much we love
and support take care and peace and let
me know what it comes below what should
I do for 4 million subscribers
