to my sixth grade teacher miss Ayers I'm
so so sorry for crazy gluing your
slippers onto the floor
dumi gig what's up doobie merch is now I
got mom you do you and I'm gonna do me
shirt on the reason why I like this
shirt is because whenever I'm outside
everyone just stares at it like yo you
do you hate that smartphone seriously
that's exactly what someone said they
look mad I guess you guys say in a good
way since I'm here in London I meet a
lot of you guys literally a lot of you
guys here in the UK but yes it just went
out so make sure you guys go cop is in
the description down below are you
copping some ado Murch do me gangster
see thank you guys so so much
you guys already sold out my favorite
already the black pick one and the pants
the black and pink one and the black and
gold hoodie the only ones we have
available left is the black and gold
pants so you do you and i'ma do me
t-shirt and do me gang pink white tee
thank you guys so much thank you do me
gang as you guys can see here my luggage
is next to me I'm heading back home to
New York City you okay thank you guys so
so much it's always a pleasure being
here
the next time I'm probably gonna be here
is it gonna be for the UK tour so make
sure you guys get your tickets Adam eats
 calm
we cannot cannot wait to perform for you
guys it's gonna be an amazing and one
hell of a night but before I go back to
New York and get started with season 3
do me I decided to do a little funny
like a little talk video and I'm saying
because I've seen I believe Jimmy Kimmel
or Jimmy Fallon I've know which one of
the Jimmy's one of them did a really
funny video where like they were
apologizing to their old teachers and
they were saying what they did and stuff
and I feel like I went through a lot in
school like so so much man ko King bad
boy Adam so I feel like I owe an apology
to every single one of my teachers in
every grade so yes this is gonna be
called I don't know something
apologizing to every single in my
teachers and I'll let you guys know why
I'm apologizing because some of these
stories are pretty insane it's gonna
start off slow because you know I was
younger so first of all I want to say
sorry to miss Thomas
she was my preschool teacher it's like
right before kindergarten is like Oh
after nursery school you know like four
years old it's gonna be really hard to
admit this but do me gang I used to pee
in class I don't know I just thought it
was really cool i stacked stupid and
literally pulled my pants down and pee
in class but I never ever got caught
until the last day of school in pre-k
when I peed on the plants so miss Thomas
I'm sorry for that I was only four years
old so please forgive me please some
lavas coming and I really don't want you
know any bad energy bad vibes sardini
class I promise that won't ever happen
ever again a child was i man
stupid like I'm some kind of crazy
person all right so this apology is for
when I was in kindergarten is gonna be
kind of an awkward one but I'm uh I'm
sorry miss are Bittman for having just a
teeny teeny tiny crush on you and then
one time I called you hot and you
snapped on me and you told me I have a
name now say it now that I think of it
like girl I was five years old and I was
giving you a compliment
uh yeah no thank you no nothing I mean I
said you're hot I didn't say you're ugly
what's bad with that but still I
apologize and sorry for calling you high
if you're still around call me this
apologies to my first-grade teacher her
name was Miss lacasa I miss lacasa I'm
sorry for being a crybaby and a sore
loser she's always playing this game
called Simon Says with us and whenever I
used to lose and she's like Adam sit
down you lost like you know everyone in
the classroom they'll just sit down like
they lost their cool but then I'm such a
sore loser and I saw crying and stuff
like my pet rat died and stuff I was
crying my eyes out only because I lost
and Simon Says which is well how about I
cry why would I cry was selfish like
that I'm sorry I know why I annoyed you
now because some of my family members
still do this and it's really annoying
so I'm sorry too my first grade teacher
I was six cut me some slack come on I
apologize girl yo this world was a crazy
way to do me in second grade miss Reyes
and in that class we had a pet snake
like a little mini pet snake and then
during lunch I was in the room was just
me and miss Ria's she let me hold the
snake and then she went out to class
literally for like three seconds and
like a punk I am since she was in there
I was I was afraid I was he go I'm here
left alone with a snake don't mess with
snakes you know you don't see thumbs up
you don't mess with snakes thumbs up
thumbs up you mess with snakes way I had
a snake and I got scared and I let it
down and then ended up getting lost in
the classroom I'm sorry but still it was
found at the end of the day in the class
in between the heaters and stuff I
really don't know why I got detention
for that but I'm sorry miss Raz I love
you so much so my third grade teacher
I'm sorry miss Ramirez for letting my
brother chief you guys do not know my
older brother yes he got held back he
was a bad boy and then in the third
grade mean him were pretty much in the
same class and I used to always let him
cheat from me because you know he's my
brother I need him to pass girl come on
I'm doing it for the fam I'm a real one
I'm sorry miss Ramirez for doing that
for my fourth and fifth grade teacher I
just want to say thank you so much to
miss hande our you were amazing
I have no apologies for you I feel like
you're just an amazing teacher and I
loved you miss and out without to my
sixth grade teacher miss Aires I'm so so
sorry for crazy gluing your slippers
onto the floor but the only reason why I
did that is because your feet used to
smell a little bit and you
always walk barefoot outside on my
girlfriend I need slippers group
actually I was even doing that I crazy
glued her freakin slipper so it was just
staying in one plate like what was I
thinking
I'm sorry miss Ayres I'm sorry forgive
me and I'm gonna on his coming I'm
telling you sorry - my seventh grade
teacher miss Starsky for I'm telling you
I was gonna Rican because I was ashamed
of you know saying I was Muslim I'm I'm
sorry I love you she's really really
sweet she let me visit the middle school
miss tarski I love you so much I don't
know if you guys seen the video I
surprised the people and I think no and
if you guys haven't make sure you guys
check it out I'm sorry - my eighth-grade
teacher Miss mess trained for violating
you one day because you tried to let me
write the dictionary literally do me
hang she tried to let me write the whole
dictionary she started making me write
it and after a my let's go tripping I
ended up snapping down having like
attention I'm like no I'm not doing it
yo sorry it's just like I can't write
the dictionary what do you expect me to
do come on I'm not freaking oh I got to
on to my ninth grade English teacher
miss Stanfield I'm so so sorry for
drawing you on my desk I said draw her
very very well I know how to draw up
pretty good as ice and do it as a hobby
but I did vandalism it wasn't mandala
the moves are on the desk and I drew her
but I drew her like smoking and like
getting kind of like yeah I did yeah
just yeah I don't know how creative I
don't know I thought it was an amazing
drawing but Amash ended up giving me
suspension for that but it's all good
I'm sorry sorry - my 10th grade biology
teacher mr. moshus for peeing in your
class the only reason why I had to pee
in your class well this time I didn't
pee like all over not like a little kid
this time I peed aside a bottle the only
reason why I did that is because he
didn't let me use the bathroom so it's
kind of it's kind of your fault man you
shouldn't let me use the bathroom I told
you I really need to use it and I'm not
peeing on myself so I just peed in the
bottle and I got a detention for that
yeah now that I'm 1 3 I'm getting some
of the stuff I didn't deserve to have
detention or suspension cookies they
should be thankful I didn't pee in the
class
sorry - my 10th grade gym teacher mr.
Mackenzie for calling him Obama he's
always get really mad when I called him
Obama he just looked like Obama Obama
Obama Obama Obama 12th grade I ended up
getting kicked out of public school and
I went to private Islamic school till my
12th grade I believe he was a math
teacher brother jamunia was a mister or
was brother sorry for snitching on you
when you hit me I don't know what's up
with that in our schools B I feel like I
can just go like that to people but I
guess it's normal for you guys I forgive
you man next time you can open neck me
like this my neck is all yours man just
forgive me for snitching on you and
getting you in trouble I'm sorry I'm not
a snitch but I wasn't you said I don't
saying
moved out of freakin public school and
I'd come to private school and you swing
in my G and I didn't want to swing back
you know that's the reason why I kicked
out B I'm sorry my neck is all yours I
told you love you man you a zombie egg
that's the end of this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it season 3 is coming
tomorrow do me a 15-2 do me Hank so stay
tuned
I believe it I'm alone as either
tomorrow or the day after tomorrow
please let me know the comments below
what date is it I'm on I am out right
now I love you guys take care and peace
