in Douma gang this is the moment you
guys have all been waiting for
yeah guys what's up a month ago get leo
right now I'm outside it's come oh my
god I'm gonna bring the year in America
I dunno chill oh yeah what up man yeah
you got the goals yeah what up man I'm
just waking everyone up see yeah yeah
what's up how you doing bro doing good
chill everybody pay for night my g-man
but take some wd-40 yeah this is how you
do it yeah I do
hi I'm an idiot how am i do say you're
hi guys we just picked up the homey Leo
right now we're gonna go play some
fortnight you ready no man hey flossing
he state boss and he's a boss and he's a
force and today you guys are gonna know
the undercover pain account you know
what's my undercover fan account on
Twitter his name on ps4 is the real
killer man um can we get this to how do
I eat this whole thing would you give to
me free hyung give you free
oh but what if I eat it this is hot one
of the hottest peppers man and I can't
wow man and do me again I'm doing a few
guys I'm almost I formally subscribers
so make sure you guys subscribe maybe
similar don't do it why it's too hot try
this boy this one I'm gonna do I'm gonna
do I'm doing a few guys - you guys ready
sir we're John Silver's
hopefully we get some water we get water
they can open this water for me please
Thank You Man I appreciate you too man
what's up huh I got water in my mouth
you gave me something
thank you hug Thank You Man I appreciate
it sir I appreciate it so much
oh man you're the man thank you
oh I'm the pooping today hi guys before
I reveal the undercover fan account
right now I give him bill a chance to
prove himself
ready in four nights so every kill that
he gets in for tonight you're gonna get
one one thousand two one thousand v
bucks if you guys don't know a v book
says it's pretty much like 10 - yes like
money tens 20 pounds but you buy stuff
in fortnight so each kill you guess he's
gonna get 1,000 v bucks you ready - yeah
sure
look at me getting the cherries get
ready now you're doing it 1,050 bucks
this is your chance to get how many
kills you think you're gonna get eight
all right that's pretty good so so how
many chances am i giving you three I
cool all right so he's gonna have three
games and we'll see all together how
many kills you can get then you add it
all up three games
let's go tilted here we come Leo get a
kill make us proud I got cash man this
is all cash you know I'm saying y'all
look how many people around you man is
like 3040 people be careful
Oh
I never knew that was even a chest there
someone is feeling crazy out there and
it's him playing so you guys see it look
whoa shield up baby shield up stop
distracting him
let's go maybe walk let's go yeah let's
go see you Wilden yeah I can't believe
he's building Legos oh don't you got two
more games you got two more games
second game where you going to your
about that till it's a life you sure oh
okay
see you
let's cover some was going oh you got
him with the trap you got it with the
trap yeah
one more shot oh my shot let's go baby
let's go let's go leo the Beast
Leo's a piece Leo's gonna make me go
broke man with the head he already got
three kills in two games
nah Stephen what's going on oh hi guys
third game you have three kills let's
see okay let's see ready so they already
got three kills in two games I told him
if he gets one more kill I'm gonna give
you six thousand be bonuses hey let's go
baby last game ready till to the game Oh
chug chug to second let's do it go go
get him go here go get him tiger
Go Go touch him congratulations Scalia
he's running weaker
there's two people there oh you guys
know what else Oh Leo Kingsley a a add
Funds oh man in Douma gang this is the
moment you guys have all been waiting
for
as you guys can see I have a little
tattoo right here and the only reason
why I got that is because load UMI's
coming out to London in a few to make
sure you guys stay tuned but it is time
do we get to let you guys know my
undercover fan account or do I have an
undercover fan account or maybe I don't
have an undercover fan account but right
now we'll let you guys know every little
detail about this whole little fan
account that I have now will let you
guys know the plot twists and doom again
so a few weeks ago I tweeted out telling
you guys that I have a little undercover
fan account you guys don't know what if
an account is especially of an Adu me
gank fan account it's when someone has a
fan account of like my name or do me
gang or like you know something that's
related to me and I appreciate every
single fan I cannot see you guys all out
there thank you guys so much for your
love and support but I decided to do
this video because I just wanted to see
what you guys are up I wanted to know
how you guys are when I'm when I'm an
undercover Faneca how do you guys speak
no I'm saying I'm stalking you guys it
is my turn to be an ad ooh me gank fan
account here is the plot twist you guys
ready I might let you guys know so back
in 1889 when Queen Elizabeth was born
notice nah but seriously back in 1786
when Christopher Columbus witness that
the world is not flat not dkm don't kill
me don't kill me I know me I always you
know I'm a joker I'm silly
sorry it's literally like 4 a.m. here in
London a freaking camera battery died
and I let it charge for 30 minutes and I
waited just to have it back on so I can
do this video for you guys but a doobie
yeah here is the truth the moment of
truth I told you guys to expect the
unexpected so the truth is I did make an
undercover Santa count but it was a
really big fail because all of you guys
knew who I was I don't even want to say
the undercover fan account that I did
but it was a really big fail I was doing
a video with it and I just just didn't
really work out so guess what
head up one of you guys who already had
a fan account and I asked you guys as
fucking get your password in your email
like it hit you guys up on the low and I
did and it was a success dumi ganks to
my undercover fan account well it was an
actual fan account but I had access to
it huge shout out to Adam shisha Adam
shisha thank you so much I'm gonna show
you guys how I D I'm there and how I got
the fan account then I'm gonna show you
guys the message is I've had with a lot
of you guys and you guys won't believe
it I had so much love but I also had not
like hate but like so like it broke my
heart man so I head up the fan account
called Adam shisha I really don't know
why I probably because is awesome or
she's out or no and I've always seen
that fan account around and I hit her up
and I was like as you know I spoke about
an undercover fan account that I have
but there's a plot twist to it
I don't have actually I did but I just I
just stopped using it but can I use your
account birthday to message people for
my vlog and I said she replied with sure
don't worry I'll keep it a secret
voila I'm glad you actually DM me this
is a bomb-ass birthday present then I
replied with no way happy birthday what
a coincidence I had no clue as a
birthday so Kiana aka Adam she's a happy
birthday I really hope you enjoy your
birthday I love you so much thank you so
much for love and support services I
appreciate all the love you always show
and then I ended up asking her for an
email she gave me a ma she gave me a
password I'm not gonna show that
obviously and here is the messages I
messaged a lot of fan accounts a lot of
people that I thought like that would
know like me and I just wanted to see
what up to you know me I wanted to mess
around with a lot of you guys so let's
see how we go this have some fun okay so
this first account that a message she
had a profile picture of me so I'm
guessing like she's a huge fan of me I
don't know if that message worth seeing
have you heard about Adam and she
replied no oh my god what happened and I
said he has six toes and he's dating a
girl who also has six toes seriously oh
my god and in my head I'm like oh she's
probably gonna reply like why the hell
does he have six toes what the hell why
is dating a girl with six toes but she
replied
saved this she completely ignored the
whole six toes and she said are you
serious he's dating a girl who yo I was
dying I was literally done I reply back
with yes with six toes her name is
Fatima is it you I'm just trying to find
out because the funny thing is her name
is Fatma - I she reply back with body I
got so worried I'm like oh my god she
might notice me she might notice me but
I was just over thank you so much and I
replied
cause I'm sorry I was just doing an
investigation are you mad at me and then
she said no less man so why would I be
mad are you serious though he's dating
someone and I said yes I found her at
your plough with no way and then after
that I did that was eating me replying
that was key that was Adam she sure
playing she said I have something
important to tell you and then she said
yes and then Adam she said oh it's
nothing I'm just bored ha ha ha make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for more
pranks and then she's that one I knew I
was gonna say don't f around with me but
I'm bored too and I'm so hungry bottomer
you had no clue but I'm not dating any
girl I'm single and I don't have six
toes and I don't have a girl a sixth so
I saw one of Adam shishas old messages
on April 21st this girl was like hey are
you Adam I feel like you are because a
lot of you guys were just assuming that
other people were me so I felt like it
was a great opportunity for me just be
like hey how'd you know was me so I
replied back saying how would you know
this was Adam she said I don't know and
I said well you're right she said so you
are question mark and I replied back
saying yeah it's me and I haven't got a
reply since then she though she thinks
I'm a fake it's actually me is it's not
a fake is actually me actually
manufactures replying right now yo look
guys it's almost for you I'm sure reply
back saying you're joking you know what
I'm gonna do I'm a sender a selfie of me
this is the selfie that I'm a sender
let's see I really hope she doesn't like
you expose me you like at least let the
video be on others he'll be like Steve
you know oh my god this is crazy she
replied literally while I'm doing the
video let's see if she read am I see
she's gonna say anything she or she
knows it's me she knows me she said oMG
I love you I really hope she died Mattel
the dog smells me over to us don't
expose me yet wait till tomorrow
Petersen person all right guys so this
is a DM that Adam she should got saying
hey can I ask you something and Adam she
she didn't reply but then I decided to
reply you know I'm say I said yeah
what's up and she replied back saying I
want to know how'd you get Adams follow
our pot back saying I tweeted him saying
his feet smell and then he followed me
she's like wow lucky
I want his follow two and then I said I
can get him to follow you and I charged
thirty-year-old 100% not fake and then
she replies saying lmao oh I can't even
give you a single penny
cuz I'm broke I want to get his follow
someday without any charges and I reply
back saying inshallah sister and I felt
so so bad nomura I'm gonna follow you
right now
a charge no nothing I was just messing
with y'all I was just having some Vance
sunbong talk all right so I hit up
another fan account that's called Haram
Saleh Hana I've always really curious
why why is it why you named the Haram
Sultan T hell out SOT why oh I hit her
up I'm like why is your name had Amsale
and I'm guessing they probably know each
other she's like hello to you too that
question was so random and unexpected
well I told you expect unexpected girl
come on why are you interested in
knowing the reason behind it then I was
like why can't I beat her laughs I have
always been curious and then she said
someone else has it
ha ha ha I actually wanted to make it
halal Salah sarcastically because I
always tweeted him Haram stuff so I just
went for Haddam Salah and I actually
used an Instagram account called hello
Saleh has my main look and I replied
what the Mo's dries to reply ever I was
like a cool I just want me to see her
reply with like a dried sweet like that
like Kate Cole and she did it huh
normally why didn't you reply somebody
cool I met this really sweet girl I
believe in in the Netherlands in
California on his hood what's up yo my
freaking camera battery keeps freaking
dying sorry about that but I messaged
this girl I believe she lives in
Netherlands and I told her hey I think I
know who's that is it you she has no
clue Lewis your reply back saying yes
and I'm like wow I don't I hate you then
she reply back saying love you
tongue face tongue face tongue face and
then I said love you more
can I be serious with you I think Adam
has a girlfriend and then she said wait
you don't actually think I'm Adam right
and I said I found her no I don't but he
does have a GF and one thing I really
respected about her she said I doubt it
and if he does have one we shouldn't
like be up his case about it then I said
you sure and she said yeah oh that's so
sweet thank you so much okay so I seen
Adam shisha DMing this girl and it
seemed like she was seen like she was
like a die-hard fan I don't know it
seemed like she was a fan she seemed
cool she seems cool so I decide it's a
message or I was a hi can I ask you
something and then she said hey of
course and I said I think Adams music is
trashed what do you think and then she
said just Kenji Chris oh my god um to be
honest I haven't been keeping up with
Adam like I wish him nothing but the
best and Happiness but he's not
important in my life anymore I like
stopped standing I guess
so then I reply back who's your new
standard and then she said BTS I love
them so much and they deserve all the
support in the world you should check
them out they're coming out with new
music and the 18th to this month they're
gonna be performing on the BBB out of 20
here's a really good introduction
throughout let me know if you're
interested in them and if you have any
money that I'm like I love BTS too so I
told her oh my god I love jungkook and
then I decided to let her know like this
is Adam I wanted to see what she's gonna
say since she understand me and then
she's like how are you Adam why would he
be messaging me elam and I said it is
Adam not be seriously no hard feelings
like it's all love I don't mind if you
don't stand me or not for me I make vlog
to make people smile to make their days
and the only person that I really want
to stand me is my why and I want to
stand my wife and then when me and my
wife stand each other I want you know
the do me gang into everyone out there
to stand us cuz we gonna be gold so am i
and no hard feelings I'm I love you so
much too and I love BTS I love jungkook
thank you so much for your love and
support thank you so much for the
support you have always been given
appreciated yes I was a ma I was Adam
shisha that was my undercover fan
account I was already existing if you
guys want me to reveal the other fan
account that I had that has no followers
or nothing if anyone wants it let me
know in the comments below I'll probably
be giving it away so I'm on let me know
other than that doobie gang I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did make
sure you give it a giant thumbs up
Searcy guys if you guys made it to this
video give it a giant thumbs up I wanna
see how many of you guys actually make
it to that in this video I appreciate
everything when you guys thank you guys
for your love and support I'll see you
guys tomorrow do not forget to subscribe
I'm literally like 15,000 subscribers
away from 4 million subscribers on to
celebrate before my birthday and before
it probably before I move on I want to
turn up you don't say
