guys this all take a moment and make a
prayer for myself okay yeah the doobie
gang what up I just woke up from a nap
and i teleported here to London
seen a lot of you guys tweeted me
telling me Adam how the heck do you
teleport and go to different countries
out of nowhere but I told you guys I'm a
superhero now in my super powers its
teleporting just like now teleported to
the living room
what's up UK we are here man I don't
know why breezin UK always looks like
it's so old-school
well actually this side it looks like
it's 2018 and this side looks like it's
1918 especially with this clock right
here do me gang this is one of the rooms
right here you go this way
this is a bathroom and this is another
room anyway really chilled a nozzles
coming through I believe either today or
tomorrow you guys will get to know my
undercover fan account I've seen a lot
of you guys asking me Adam tell us what
the Fanta con is what is it you're
giving us high blood pressure why you
keep messing with us
I'm not man I'm not messing with you
guys you guys are the one that caused
that for yourself because you're
thinking too much don't think too much
overthinking is not good but I will let
you guys know every little detail that
went on that you guys never knew nothing
about and I cannot wait to tell you guys
cuz expect the unexpected to do me and
let's start off by giving this vlog a
huge giant thumbs up for do me and to
anyone who hasn't subscribed make sure
you guys subscribe I'm almost to 4
million subscribers I'm around 18,000
subscribers away do be gay for 4 million
let's go ooh by the celebrated turn up
phenomenon in season 3 I cannot wait
guys look this one of my first time ever
fixing up all my stuff I already know I
got the Versace robe on right here track
suit here some supreme right there and
random hockey jersey that I don't even
wear ovo the vest and OVA once again nas
always fixes up his stuff once he gets
to a hotel or apartment but for me in my
head I'm just like yo like I'm gonna be
out of here like three four days why am
I gonna fix all my stuff up like I'm
gonna stay here fabric do me yank so I
gotta update for you guys on the
undercover fan account it should be up
tomorrow I'm just in the process of
something right now just expect the
unexpected it do me yeah but finally the
video
gonna be out tomorrow thank you guys for
your patience right now about to react
to my old vines I landed really late in
London and the time zones here it's like
five hours later so I've been literally
home all day but I decided to react to
my old vines a doobie gang I did have a
vine account and I still upload some
weird vines I'm just my family stuff I
mean I'm not a Viner I'm not what Jake
Paul organ Paul used to be I've always
been a youtuber but I always upload
vines and Instagram videos all my real
rotted eyes you guys already know but
yes let's watch it it says Adam saw the
vine compilation' this video almost has
a million views and it's crazy how old
these videos are man time flies do me
game time flies I'm getting old man I'm
24 but the good thing is I'm not the
only one getting old everyone else is
being old the same way I don't know
sometimes I just feel like I'm the only
one getting old and everyone else is
staying young but now that I think of
everyone else is getting old at the same
time but still don't think about like
that do me game everyone out there is
still young we were all still young
unless you're like 40 years old then
you're pretty old man is joking but
let's react cities mine Wow my son looks
so young here Hannah no go holla Aloha I
was having a whole carnival with moss
and that was literally our language man
he would always reply back to me
whenever I just make up some words like
we were saying those tears yesterday it
was in the old house I woke up early in
the morning hearing some loud music I go
out and I see Rima twerking the top of
Mawson's little baby carriage I had and
I go when I do a vine and she literally
busts her button I'm like yo I'm out
deuces I'll just kick the my mommy
actually I didn't really kick him on my
room he always kicks himself out my room
but yes that's my little brother me it
was his birthday actually a few days ago
a happy birthday May it's pretty weird
cuz we're both now 24 years old imagine
having a brother who was like 10 and a
half months younger than you and you're
both the same age and you're not twins I
mean it's kind of weird about the same
time it's kind of cool I'm 24 and he's
24 right now who's the mistake you make
I'm just joking it's just batts his box
is Bontemps and I am
what's my name she's gonna think I'm
Brie
you mad at me yeah one look at her face
Rima was so tight cuz I ate the last
popsicle in the fridge remember you left
me were you check your cheese what is it
what why do I do stuff like this man do
me gay why don't you guys ever stop me
from being a professional idiot man why
Amy they do that in Yemen remember this
I remember this too room is gym hey
honey if you wait I'm gonna call you
back
daddy the minions we have videos and the
mini virus Isis do for you guys I just
always put myself through pain for that
man seriously but it was so much fun I
remember this one Rima did her own
makeup and she came and I was like give
me a beautiful man I was given all these
three comments that she was gassed fam
she was gastrin beautiful the reason why
I put up that vine it will never change
baby I'm gonna be honest with you guys I
did it because I'm one of my exes who
lives in Texas cuz I'm George Strait
guys all take a moment and make a prayer
to myself okay yeah I'll lie you he di
did look so young just when we were
stuck in traffic yeah I remember that
time we were late to our show in
Manchester literally there was so much
traffic because UK traffic is crazy so I
decided to go out on highway and start
running after that I believe that lovely
lovely woman she lives in Newcastle I
remember where she lives I really really
want to see her again so if you're
watching this get me up I want to see
you girl I want to see you and hug you
again I really hope you've been alright
I love you guys should always have a
best friend who laughs like this
especially when they laugh at your jokes
you know
is that poopy Hamza hey I love you back
yo gematria looks so young man I always
make them do these skits on vine
they still love love doing it I guys
leave this next one this is Hamza
jamadar whenever I go on tour whenever
they're home alone this is what they do
oh my god Remo is bad like all of them
come back what are you doing look so bad
like just like Muhsin and the new baby I
really hope the new baby is a good boy
you're a bad boy you're gonna go on
timeout with moss and I oh my god say I
farted or something like that oh yeah
this Russian never saw you hungry why we
miss eating you're a big girl your mom
and all you're a bigger oh I miss baby
Reema Lagoo
I miss
look look the room was bad cheddar you
put on the leash
now but seriously baby Remo was so so
sweet compared to must baby muffin on
the other hand he is way too bad man
seriously guys I'm giving away my sin
for free leave a comment below and why
you want Mawson and I'll be giving you
boy yes yes yes yes yes random is behind
Rima
you're not going outside why because
Prima's famous line was like woo
birthday I'll say about you stop yeah
now choose ignore me after this your men
will like what why did I I just do the
down with fish why I'm leaving to Oregon
tomorrow
hey yep we're 20 yard go home I need to
know I love you more no I love you I
love you more but I love about remise
even if I talk till this day if I love
her she always replies back but I love
you - I love you more Freemont let me so
much muffin I'm with your bundle boy
alright so she my boobs huh I don't
think I had boobs you know
who loves me more tonight
happy birthday c'mon you're 5 years old
but you want for your birthday
oh please you
for me and that was all time - Karen
slim this is what I just met slim
seriously this is my all-time favorite
vine scaring the crap out of slim Cersei
man these vines bring out so much
memories man I cannot wait I'm a lot
starts until the new baby
you guys won't know his name real soon
and to make more and more memory so in a
shot la terrasse he's gonna be an
amazing amazing time I hope you guys
enjoyed this video do me if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys for your love and
support do not forget tomorrow the
undercover fan account stay tuned tweet
me my Twitter is right here and I'll be
looking out for your tweets I love you
guys don't forget to subscribe and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care and
