would do me yang this is Adam Sala and I
really need your help right now
as I told you guys season 3 of Adam Safi
vlogs it's coming soon and to anyone out
there who does not know what season 3 is
it pretty much means that there is gonna
be a new member in my family my nephew
no it's not gonna be muffin
no it's not Jim ad no it's not Rima as
you guys know I have a really big family
and there's gonna be a new boy coming
soon is gonna make the family even
bigger big families or don't ever since
I was younger I had so many nieces so
many nephews half of them are on camera
the other half are not on camera and
that's because the half that want to be
on camera that's their choice they want
to be on camera and the other half
that's their choice they don't want to
live the vlogging like only half my
family chose the vlogging life the other
half is literally living behind the
camera kind of like Patrick but not
under the rock behind the camera but
yeah season 1 of Adam South likes it's
my first season when I started YouTube
but that was with Rima as you guys know
Rima is a beautiful beautiful name I
loved it so much because I felt like was
a different name and then Mawson came
and Mawson I love that so so much
because that's my dad's name man and now
the new baby is coming which is season 3
and this is where I need your help to
name the baby and there is four options
for the names of do me again you guys
ready first one is
oh yes the first choice of name is Adam
which is gonna be kind of weird because
his name will be Adam Saleh and my name
is Adam sada
so I'm thinking twice about that one I
pretty much telling you guys the choices
right now and you guys are gonna comment
below help me choose a name I mean
obviously like my whole family that
we're doing the same thing because I
came up with these four choices since
I'm the youtuber here the second choice
is Ali in Arabic it's Ali I really love
that name - reminds me of Muhammad Ali
you know I leaves just a powerful name
you know Ali hey Ali Saleh and the good
thing is about Ali there isn't no Ali
Saleh and Ali is also the name of
Mawson's grandpa from his mother's side
next choice is Zane Zane Sully
I'm not joking as you guys know one of
my favorite singers is Zayn Malik and I
think would be dope having the baby you
know to be named Zane and it's also a
really beautiful name Zayn is an amazing
name but at the same time it just sounds
kind of weird like Zayn sob I don't know
hello playing are you going to Dubai and
the next and last choice is Brooklyn
this was kind of my idea I'm not gonna
lie Brooklyn is it name that I've always
wanted it to be in the South family you
know I was born in Brooklyn pretty much
my whole family was born in Brooklyn my
dad when he came from Yemen he was in
Brooklyn like you know Brooklyn pretty
much saved his life so having a Brooklyn
silo would be dope man I don't know my
families are when I told him on Brooklyn
she started bugging the heck out she
started screaming at me thinking I'm
crazy you you I would smack you if you
say Brooklyn again a low-key got scared
and I was okay get one name in Yemen
Yemen Yemen but not seriously Brooklyn
is one of the choices those eyes are
gonna be Adam Saleh Ali Saleh Saints Ali
or Brooklyn Saab coming real soon ado me
Aang I don't even know one thing about
the names man I just really hope it
comes out healthy and good and I want to
welcome him to the light to the world
man to this crazy crazy world that he's
about to go in I just feel like he's
gonna be really really special to me
every single one of my nieces and
nephews they're always so special to me
especially when they're like little
babies I have pictures with every single
one of my nieces and nephews when they
were like born or really really young oh
I can't wait for I'm a homey Brooklyn
you know say oh I can't wait for my home
you Zane I can't wait mommy I'll eat
m√©rida or my twin Adam saw eat I'm the
original Adam solid but yeah so do me I
wanted to start off the vlog by telling
you guys comment below what you guys
think the baby's name should be let's do
it I'm about to go to my family what
about to have this epic tug of war match
I have no clue why we're doing a tug of
war match it was rhemas idea but let's
go let's go go to them come on is too
look my mom got this chair today man sir
see she snatched up my credit card she
was like I'm gonna go buy me a beach
chair so I can go Danny I see your mama
saw I see you mom stop trying to get low
tennis you let me sit on at first let me
try to get a tan first I think I'm
already tan my mom she's like so so pale
so she doesn't really get like tense you
get those you know those like burns and
stuff my dad me and my dad we get good
tanning very good tiding all-natural
it's gonna say what up to the fans guys
I'm with my dad right here he wants to
give a low message better Elka Rafi he's
from Kuwait but Alaska he's one of my
cool cool friends in Quaid I love him
his kids yes last time I wasn't quite
the homey better Qaddafi he's so so
sweet he literally gifted me an iPhone X
not just one probably like 10 iPhone X's
I'm not even joking
seriously you so so humbled to meet my
family like he treated them so well and
then my dad got the iPhone X my dad
rhinox wants to say something to him he
just reminded that he wants to say it in
the vlogs but what do you want to tell
him like the messages he said thank you
so much to him and he gave us iPhone
next he's so dope I went to his crib was
chilling no I'm saying a gifted iPhone
X's last time I was in quoits
side I know my dad is like so many
months late but he just wanted to give
the Arab dad message way I love you but
I love you love you but do be gay I'm
here with the ropes the kids are playing
with the neighbor they brought the
comforter right now cuz ain't no is
about to be crazy tug of war match
because they came up with the idea man
so let's see how it goes me versus
literally all that I man it's a freaking
daycare in my house every day there's
see me my dad or like stuck with just
kids man I think I'm the kid myself deal
with this all day oh my god look I think
you guys need some help so we're gonna
bring the neighbor Jenna shut up man we
got the homie
Rafi right here I'll face it what's up
with that how do you men you're for yeah
when's your birthday June heaven my
birthday's June 4th give me five man
both geminis my birthday is June 4th do
you know that
what's up do we gang all right guys
ready I'm gonna do this one here guys
they got one point probably gets three
points they win all right let's go yo
look at this look at this leave my hand
man
guys you chat out to Jenna she brought
out a new rope over here cuz the other
one was hurting all of our hands so
let's do it score is 1:1 round three
let's go go come on
they got they got two men army
they all have even amount of strength
they want they want I'll forfeit man
they're guys man
I'm not never doing tug of war again
with this freaking family man why is
this family so crazy
no huh all right I have a question for
you okay what do you want the baby's
name to be the no.1 you want it to be
adam ali zayn or brooklyn Adam Adam
my mom is watch your mama what do you
want adam ali zayn or Brooklyn huh mom
said I'll be out Ali's good I like Ali
Ali's dog but Brooklyn what do I need me
to baby Brooklyn Brooklyn is good but
that's it brothers huh
no Brooklyn is a boy name in Brooklyn is
a boy name hi guys we have remus AF and
Watson here I'm gonna have someone there
thoughts what do they want the baby's
name to be Prima what do you want it to
be if you want it to be Adam ali zayn or
brooklyn you can hear my dad say yes in
a bag what's so sweet
that's so cute thing those we do if it's
Adam that is gonna be Adam salad what
are you you're a massage right
so I guess her second choice is Ali
Sabbah and your third choice that's it
you don't want Xena Brooklyn
zing-zing you like then what about
Brooklyn what that girl you crazy
must've come in what do you want to name
your little brother what do you wanna
name him minion why you trying to give
you a little brother bad you try to
maybe a minion yeah get a DA I say have
you come here man come what do you want
to name the baby which one Adam ali zayn
Oh Brooklyn Brooklyn no minion
Muhsin your little brother's gonna watch
this and he's gonna get mad at you
because you want his name to me you're
gonna punch me why you so violent stop
stop stop
stop being so let's do that you're they
fight man this is what they do
why do you fight so much I said why do
you fight so much tell them why do one
hit me to slow me was I like this as a
kid was I used to box but that ice a box
Allah or not with yo chill yo come here
you're a future troublemaker yes you are
yo my G stop you gonna tell your grandma
I feel bad man in the future I'm Austin
is gonna be the biggest troublemaker man
what message do you want to give the
baby that's gonna come real soon any
cute message you want to tell them any
kid I mean I know you're six you're
probably you don't know what kind of
message you want to give but yeah what
you want to tell me
but yeah well you what message do you
want to give the baby you hope what you
hope he learns math at school really
that's why you want to tell him that's
an amazing message man cuz I really hope
he does know his math why is everyone
protecting people from this little look
Amy's a little ya shorty man why is
everyone saying they're gonna protect
them from use your the shorty huh you
can see me bro what's muscle yeah what's
that
Oh loser man I always fall for this cute
tricks man thumbs up you guys enjoys
black I love you guys
new intro new outro coming real soon I
love you I love you I love you do me a
merge coming soon may 13th tour coming
soon I see you guys hey hey merch yes
merch give me a site coming soon for you
to get it so I stay tuned guys don't
worry you coming soon love you guys
Mawson you ain't gettin no merch okay no
much no Mitch
