you ain't win here you ain't winning
girls you
dumi gig was but with the homegirl Rima
we got some amazing news for you guys
we're about to let you guys know the
exact date that the new Adams family
member is coming which is Remes little
brother which is my youngest nephew soon
to be Rima when is the baby coming tell
them what they know tell them what day
Rima always says soon like you buddy do
me gang seriously on a serious note the
baby is coming in the first five to
seven days of Ramadan I know what what
day it's coming it's hoping you guys
heard it from Rhema 12 days inshallah
but you never know sometimes when you're
pregnant it's a few days longer or a few
days even shorter so I'm gonna see how
it goes we're gonna keep you guys
updated with that we have moss in here
calling me we got the homies say F and
Boston see ya I didn't know you're here
what's up you could text now you can't
who you be texting by the way I'm not
wearing my Easy's I got my freaking
ultra boost on actually I think they're
ultra booster Pharrell Williams or
something like that
I'm not really sneaker but do not forget
I do me yank I am giving away my easy so
make sure you guys keep comments and
keep tweeting me and I'll keep you guys
updated with that yo I randomly found
this soccer ball here in the sidewalk so
I'm gonna try my best to be like Mohamed
Salah or Ronaldo I know they made it to
the finals let me know the comments
below who do you guys think is gonna win
is it gonna be Mohamed Salah my Arabian
brother or is it gonna be Ronaldo my
swag it mister mister buddy I don't know
you guys said Mohamed Salah have Ronaldo
seem Liverpool or Madrid I don't really
play soccer but I'm gonna try my best to
make 10 kicks in a row without it
hitting the floor I ready
one two three oh man one two three four
five six seven oh come on go
why is the wind blowing 37 miles per
hour to the right what's it a freakin
neighbor's house
I guess thumbs up for that do you guys I
hated it do me gang I just got done
having a one-on-one basketball game with
Rima and I beat her 11 0 I put in my
Instagram story and the reason why what
hard is because I won't take no elves
man the plus Rima was talking to talk
but she could have walked the walk girl
matter of fact imma go to right now look
I she's gonna talk to so much crap and
this is why I went hard and I was
dunking on her then after I'm gonna show
you guys the new baby's bed the new
Anna's family member baby's bet so let's
go to Reema Reema come here mom give me
a hug so how does it feel taking Mawson
listen who invited you huh
how does it feel taking your first L
today you took an l a-- basketball huh
what he said I never followed you Reema
Reema we can replay it no one touched
your arm that was all ball that was a
clean block come on ref that was a clean
block a clean block why you still
talking all the crap Reema huh you're
trash oh you want to rematch you sure
guys thumbs up if you guys want a
rematch basketball but this time in the
vlog this time I'm like today I didn't
want to vlog it cuz I thought
easy like a quick more like fuck loser
we didn't win you anyway girl you wait
win here you won't win girls you Rema
did you just let me
mmm did you just slap me hmm why would
you slap me next time remount don't slap
your uncle okay what oh geez okay
everyone okay you guys this is why what
hard this is why I made her lose
I got no one in my squad
no I'm done with them man and this is
why I go hard because they talk to talk
but it can't walk the walk when we step
in the court
if we step in a ring why don't we step
in they stay quiet man but without it
all they do is talk sarima take this out
anyone who's on Team Rima take this l2
team Adam boy but I do me getting on a
serious note this is the bed of the new
Adams family member he's gonna be a boy
Sharla is gonna be right here
you're gonna see him you guys gonna see
him smile here you guys gonna see so
much memories gonna be so so dope season
three starts the first day of Ramadan
and then from there in a few days the
baby will come and then from there I
believe I'll be working on the intro and
the new intro will be the start of
season 3 so do me Aang stay tuned if you
guys are ready make sure you give it a
thumbs up those that already do be there
for season 3 you know what do me getting
the most awkward thing just happen right
now so if you guys do and I know every
single day a nurse comes to my house and
helps my dad teaches him how to walk a
bit more and make some exercise because
he's still recovering happened Allah
he's doing much better but a nurse still
has to come every single day and as I
told you guys my dad is like a freaking
comedian my dad is so funny man now I
know I get it from
he doesn't care my dad's a savage he
literally told the nurse do you have any
daughters and then she said yes I have
one and then he told that can you take
out a picture I want to see her she
pulled the picture out and he saw it and
he told her my son is single let them
get married then after that the nurse is
like where's his son I want to see him
then my dad calls me and I go upstairs
to him and I had no clue if I had a card
for my camera and flagged the whole
thing but then the nurse was like oh my
god that's your son my dad was I guess
he's 24 and then the nurse was like
uh-uh my daughter is 17 and I was
confused I'm like yo holla what the heck
are they talking about what's going on
like I thought they needed help or
something and I don't know why serious
she's like oh my daughter this is her
her name is Jessica we wanted you guys
to talk he was saying you're single and
you want to marry someone and I like
that then I'm like yo man like I got
three girlfriends man I didn't know what
the same man that my mom got so tight
like you agony why did you say three
girl for that
why and I'm like yo deuces me I brought
me up for this man I thought I needed
help with something that says he tried
to choose me but the Freak man I'm gonna
go to my dad right now man you guys are
gonna see I'm a tell him I'm a
confronting guys I'm here with Baba
Sylar right now he is eating a popsicle
ice cream ha ha I want you to tell them
about how you wanted me to marry your
all the way focus how you wanted me to
marry the nurses daughter you know the
nurse why do you bury a daughter huh
with who what the hell why would you
tell you want me to marry her daughter
honey stop it ok can I choose like like
my future wife that I have can I choose
her yeah
you choose him now you watch was right
why are you choosing for me the nurses
daughter because she's amazed he legit
brought me up from downstairs and told
the nurse that I'm down to marry her
daughter and she was legit serious she
was like here this is she was shown
pictures right yeah yeah do you see it
she was legit Shawn pick out of your now
like past I got three girlfriends why
would you do five three girlfriends no
good why three one I what about three
wives okay
Dubey gang I just ordered pizza for me
say a free man Watson and this is what
say I've does so since now he has a
phone he has the number you can text me
mean the map combos and I will be
chilling you know my little nephew not
say it now look here I like what he's
doing right now say what are you doing
this is the pizza that I delivered to us
so what do you do with these videos I'm
confused like you're texting it two
hands what that's crazy can I check your
phone huh
what I might die let me check what if
like do you have any secrets or what yo
yo I feel like you guys like the perfect
couple like I said you know she does
Romano she loves me she loves me though
so say if you're telling me I hit a girl
that means you know that means I love
them that doesn't mean you love them get
a girl okay you know what you know how
you show them you love them you go to
them and you go look you like this roll
them you say look like say I love you
you give them a hug that's it
yes that's how you say that's how you
show them you love them right
it
a man I love early
