seriously dooming game i cannot support
someone who supports injustice in any
way or form so before I burn every
single one of these easy
here your your your do me gang I am back
to the Adams family house and my voice
is still gone
my dad has called me right now papa Sala
we're going out with him to Walmart
what are those coming those are not easy
these are easy though it's crazy our
Rhema knows about easy Rhema do you know
the founder of Yeezys who's the founder
of Easy's huh chimera how do you know
what the hell I'm going upstairs to my
dad right now is going crazy come on
let's go we gotta go inside Watson is it
mustn't you wanna come with us or no yes
come let's go let's go look at it do me
again let's start off by giving this
vine a giant thumbs up thumbs up zip
seriously I appreciate every single one
you guys always give the blackhat thumbs
up I'm trying to give you guys a crazy
big season 3 coming through this is Adam
Airlines next stop is my dad Bob a solid
make sure you got your seat belts on and
make sure you subscribe ready
we are here the next step is with Bob
Solomon going to Walmart I don't know
what he wants to get he just wants to
get some groceries and stuff the house
what are you gonna get what do you get
okay one okay so what is it I don't know
he wants he's not telling me so much I
don't know we're gonna see how it goes
is something good yeah how old were you
there that looks dope man a it's not
show nothing no I'm missin you know the
car light is like shining in our faces
about Rieman never got her teeth broken
so now she might have to go to the
dentist and they're gonna break all her
teeth literally everything everyone any
cost is that is that normal for like a
kid who's almost 7 to never break their
teeth I don't know it's done I don't
maybe by like five six I'll have the
tooth broken
Tezuka Remo you're special he was a cop
yeah for come can't can't a skinny how
long were you a cup eight years I quit I
dropped my gun and quit you can't even
see the weather is so beautiful do be
game we're bubble are we getting
what is that like that Watson and Watson
yeah guys serously
today I realize that hanging out with my
dad is the funniest thing ever man he
got gross let me take a picture either
all right cool gosh all right pose say
cheese liven are you me to show the
flowers I got you say cheese cheese my
dad is a poser and he's crazy is it
say cheese a doobie gang I am back home
it feels so good to be back home serious
my family oh my god I miss them so much
oh my god oh my god I miss you guys know
what you got me good handle it seriously
feels so good for my dad to be back
smiling my dad to be back chilling me
and today I noticed that my dad is so
hilarious
seriously I see him like a comedian man
he had to be dying laughing I can't wait
till my voices back because it feels so
weird not having a voice but a dummy
gang I'm about to have a voice for every
single one you guys out here stop so if
you guys do not know what has been going
on Kanye West has been supporting Donald
Trump so much lately I mentioned it in
my vlog a few days ago but then after a
while I've seen him seeing so much stuff
and I just felt like the stuff he was
saying was just so ignorant when he
mentioned slavery when he mentioned so
much more stuff about Trump in the
beginning I was like it's whatever you
know it's all good I like his music but
it's whatever but then after a while you
just kept going on and on and on and I
just I just feel like it's wrong and to
everyone out there you guys have to know
that all of us are the same all of us
are human beings I looked up to Kanye
West as a person who was a minority and
made it out to be a figure with a large
following and I'm really really hurt by
Kanye West knowing that he has such a
large following
one of the biggest followings in the
world and knowing that what he said will
be heard and it'll have a big
big impact as a minority myself I can't
believe he would support a person who
openly discriminates against people
based on their color religion and race
in 2018 man I just feel like Kanye West
is going in the wrong path even his own
company adidas who have him with his
Easy's they're about to take him off the
contract so I don't know if he's gonna
apologize or not so he can keep his easy
with him because no brands want people
who support Trump Kanye what are you
doing man
I have like six to seven more Easy's
that are upstairs that I better bring
down the seriously zooming game I cannot
support someone who supports injustice
in any way or form so before I burn
every single one of these easy gonna
burn every single one of them what okay
fine you know what since I'm not
supporting someone who supports
injustice in Douma gang I'm giving away
every single Easy's that I have this is
not a joke this is not clickbait I will
show you guys well this month me give it
away sending bzees but seriously I'll be
shocked if anyone still wants Easy's
after Kanye West's supporting injustice
maybe you guys want these because I'm
giving it away to you guys I don't know
leave us much comments as you guys want
below tweet me as many as you guys want
and I'll be sending every single one of
my Easy's or else is gonna hurt and that
is our message to Kanye West supporting
Donald Trump we love you guys do me I'm
just speaking as behalf of being you
know like an Arab Muslim person and
knowing that Donald Trump is a bad
person everyone knows he's a bad person
there's so many celebrities will
unfollow Kanye West just cuz Kanye West
is Kanye West doesn't mean ish cool ish
screw this screw this do this do this
every single one oh do me again this
isn't clickbait this isn't a joke I am
giving away almost every single one of
my easiest so leave it in the comments
below tweet me if you guys actually
really want the easiest I'm slowly
giving away almost every single in our
pairs I'm not joking this is something
serious I know a lot of Kanye West
frenzy but are you serious oh my god yes
I'm serious and that's my choice and if
you still support someone who supports
someone who doesn't like pretty much
your own kind and who's a rat
snake who doesn't support injustice and
who said this stuff about slavery come
on man you serious just cuz they're
famous and they got money doesn't mean
ish I'm telling you guys from my heart
do me and I did tell you guys that I am
gonna be giving away almost every single
one of my sneakers but I'm only giving
away my easiest or not because those the
ones that do not even want hopefully
shovel and maybe he does I don't know
like make an apology because adidas are
about to cut about anyways Izumi yang
I'm ending this vlog here if you guys
enjoyed this vlog and if you guys agree
with me make sure you give like a thumbs
up especially to anyone out there who
agrees with me if you guys agree me
thumbs up and do me a thumbs up if you
guys agree with me do not forget do me
yang season 3 and Adam side of lives are
coming real real soon baby's coming
Ramadan is coming Adam South merch is
coming make 13th and the tour cool
seriously guys if you guys haven't got
any tickets make sure you guys get your
tickets today or this weekend because I
promise you guys once the show comes
there will rarely be any more left so do
me gang thank you guys so much for
loving support Marcin is crying I gotta
go freaking help I'm gonna show you guys
right now since the vlog is kind of
short and I came here kind of late I
still really hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog but right now be showing you guys
behind the scenes of my latest single
Instagram famous if you guys haven't
checked out this famous make sure you
guys check it out me and Zach Knight did
a song called Instagram famous and this
is the behind the scenes of a student
famous this is what we go through a
music video so I'm enjoy enjoy love you
guys subscribe
morning Adam welcome to the UK Papaji
was once again good yeah perfect how
does the UK treating you it's good
today's sunny outside so it's looking
beautiful yesterday was pretty rainy it
was still a successful day
but today's what would be you want you
up to in the UK so far then filming
Instagram famous yeah bonito is the
first single of mine after my debut
album chapter 2
exactly mostly jetlag spot third cover
today
was AK night so you ready no it's gonna
be a crazy thing I cannot wait
inside
I wanna cuz you cut me on the mission
and give me what you've been missing
before we suck at your feelings I gotta
know what you're sipping Noah
the way she struck attitude like
see here
I'll call action they're going to come
running off the plane past you you're
going to stop right here
this guy right here and I'm not saying
he is a longtime town like I like the
way you work your hard work and I
appreciate all that you post I think
that's why I need you to have your
videos every day of just about do your
video
I believe we have like like a really big
big house yeah and it doesn't even look
like London it looks car - looks like
America so I'm gonna be the one to judge
it and see how it is there's a whole
team man yesterday there was like easily
30 40 people in there and looked like
the classroom yeah
yesterday we did a mom we had a private
jet yeah me not Zizi shut down a private
jet Rolls Royce just you know little son
son he's an either made day okay doing I
believe that like feathers pillow fights
how's it coming across so far it's
coming across really good ideas the
smoothest music video we've ever had
start of day two today what was the
highlight of yesterday shoe what would
you say was the one best thing about it
I'm colder than yesterday warmer than
yesterday was to show a little warming
yesterday the Sun is out at least
yesterday was pretty rainy so I hear
it's feel like summertime it's looking
like summertime but not really a lot
colder than it looks
it's gonna be going great I can't wait
can't we
like a back workout right we gotta be
like this the whole time so this is why
you didn't have the pizza yesterday this
you understand now so you're floating a
blog while shooting a music video yeah
just shout out to Mike there's Wi-Fi
right here it's followed by five minutes
and then help me almost touch if it find
that I have any Wi-Fi it will be like
three four hours yeah I see them I think
would have died and it was in a whole
mission
so this is what you're doing
