hey guys what's up and do me yeah I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day and do me gang
every time I'm in Toronto Canada
I freaking lose my voice and I sound
like an 80 year old person I hate losing
my voice man dude Naz always cleans my
bed and stuff you cleans up everywhere
now if I do me hanging I'm feeling so so
good but I always lose my voice cuz I
tend to always talk scream sing rap like
all of us all I do is talk all day to
the homeless to the boys seriously
there's so much memories with them
Harris Slim the keep NAS all of us
always have the most amazing memories
what cops could have make it because his
leg is injured so guys please pray for
what costume it will cost
love me so much bro I feel so tired
right now I just woke up when I go get
my iced coffee I'm gonna be feeling so
so good but today we are heading to
Wonderland and do me again if you guys
do not know what Wonderland is
Wonderland is pretty much like an
amusement park like Six Flags in New
York City like Thorpe Park in London
it's a dope dope amusement park with
roller coasters right now I wanna have
the crazy VIP experience with them and
they're letting us even film like
they're allowing us to film in their
rollercoaster which is insane they said
they're gonna like tape our hands to the
camera and let us sit in the back so we
can make sure it's safe and we can vlog
for you guys the crazy roller coaster
experience I'm not gonna lie I haven't
been on a roller coaster for a while so
I'm really really scared but it do me
young I'm so excited I hope you guys are
ready if you guys are make sure you guys
give this blanket thumbs up for my boys
to come back do me I'm probably gonna
lose even more after being in a robocall
also do me if you guys do not know I
have a tour coming up with the homie
fouseytube I'm actually gonna see him in
a few days in his house we're gonna be
streaming turning up so do me yeah get
ready for that so make sure you guys get
your tickets to do me yeah but right now
about to go to Wonderland it is like an
hour away I believe from Toronto or like
40 minutes away about the Heather now
I'll see you guys in the next shot back
to me gang we just got to Wonderland you
say what up so out here man even though
you got a black guy we still out he
never been to one diamond right here's
my first time get ready freeze presents
so far oh I'm hearing is that like it's
a 6'5 said that basically yeah like this
looks here
the ground we're about to go on crazy
roller coasters have crazy foot so I'm
let's go to do me it is so so cold
this is how they go on like roller
coaster man they're freezing them it's
like me and like in a fuel I feel like
February but let me get through top
we're gonna I know man but what they go
on a roller coaster right now I want to
give a huge shout on the man Dave Phil
of these Phillips Dave thank you so much
confidence as we see them two years ago
that was later I'm ready to join up on a
roller coaster my right arm I see how it
goes sounds good yeah which roller
coasters is is it the best one sure
should I go or no I'm scared man low-key
scared bro which roller coaster can I
record it we're gonna do the white six
feet here no and I can record out I
gotta make sure you got the crazy
Wonderland experience its Ronald Harris
is gonna to ready you to slip why is he
looking like most stacked like woo said
oh we got some peeps over here without
banner what up man how's it going
oh hi guys I'm about to do this
basketball thing here in Wonderland he's
shootin let's see it let's go let's go
mommy I've got a little crowd here
everything
hey come on let's get out of what is not
bad I just embarrass myself oh my god my
dad was calling me while shooting dad I
believe you welcome only Canada where
they let you and allow you to fly only
really yeah can you make some good I
think on top huh no she wrote guys I'm
low-key scared Mele what the hug oh my
god yo Loki Slim's we actually just give
you a Mary sir
oh my god oh my god
guys were high up get my camera Falls oh
my god
tacky
I'm tearing up here I'm crying what
happened what are we doing oh my god oh
my god oh my god no my nose and
everything me this was unbelievable
I'm crying oh my god
when you're high up is the scariest
moment so stupid oh my god
I just met the homey here when you say
it
without a feed because I have a beard
shadowed the Drake Holloway Adam
solid-solid you don't that guy he's like
the words do whatever man hated yeah
he's got speed on him he's terrible
horrible person oh hi guys we're eating
lunch right now here in Wonderland
seriously the hospitality every single
one you guys you guys are so sweet so
nice you taught it to the man here -
thank you so much man I appreciate you
guys man thank you guys I appreciate
everyone in Toronto masters he thanked
me Aslam Wow on our little date right
now yeah Adam completely lost his voice
I'm at I'm have to end this vlog all
right so just wanna say thank you guys
for always supporting mummies Adam you
know always showing them so much love in
the park the whole park you know show
them so much love so we appreciate that
so much you know saying and yeah man
just hope you guys enjoyed the rest of
these Toronto vlogs hope you guys
enjoyed them we're gonna have a great
time
rest you plan to have some cool plans
for our last day here tomorrow so it's
going to be a fun exciting day so
oh okay all right so yeah man we just
wrap it up here
Jimmy gang take care and peace but like
that yeah like that's two fingers or one
to one piece
