hey gang I hope you all haven't missed a
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having a busy day you all should be
having an amazing happy they do me
getting I am here with the dopest people
with the Dhobis names Lulu and jujube
man seriously that's like the coolest
names ever who named you guys who Lulu
is so shiny she's so scared to talk to
me why don't you wanna talk to me you're
making me sad huh am i scary nah don't
be shy like you could something be shy
bye what's your nationality Lebanese
shout-out to Lebanon man what's up man
I'm coming soon I'm cool not going so
where should I go where should I go huh
marriage matters where should I go yeah
we are here it's runaway this freezing
cold I'm about to get a car real quick
it is it's reason normal weapon this
reason it's freezing what is that was
normal it's cold to Canadians is normal
bomb to us it's pretty cold but I'm
about to get a call right now by their
uncle Saul mother slow
let's go see ya with the homie mozi mozi
what up man how you doing whoa let me
see
he finally give you a hairline okay you
finally give you a hairline because
before was a McDonald's on here like he
gave me see bro that's dope
that's dope but they keep you there I'm
up next guys probably wondering why the
keep has a black eye but we'll talk
about it later you know
hi guys about to get the cut by the
homie mosey in Toronto you from Toronto
yeah Wayne Toronto Newmarket do Murphy I
don't know where that is but new market
without there is there an old mark or
not no just a new word I can walk
without the Morgan
dumi gang I'm here with the boys moaning
keep slim slim everyday to build it
what's up we are here yo man every time
we're together we're like I don't know I
feel like it's a good honest no we got
to talk to you guys about something that
happened last night
as you guys can see from the key we've
been so bad out of everyone who like
crazy yeah like I like you has a black
eye first what is it this is your first
boy Simon up and I think so yeah it's
good it's not too bad you know
like purple nah but seriously first
watch one apologize to Nikki's family
like a sorry Jesse they must broke they
must think like last time you had
staples yeah
and like last time but it's not like I
love this dude see I love everyone here
my mom sees this I go every time you get
hurt oh my I'm gonna tell you guys a
story about what happened last night so
we were at a birthday party
here in Toronto Canada though was me and
the boys all of us and Nas were all
together having a good time enjoying our
time you know how we're doing like
talking to like this like hey like hey
yo what's up how are you how's it going
like you know just just catching up
literally whenever we go to like a
birthday party for invited somewhere out
it's awkward like we're just talking to
each other you know we go there to talk
to each other something good was like
giving birth oh boy or girl so while we
were there they were like there were a
few fans coming up to all of us and like
speak and saw somebody seen it you seen
how like they were coming like I don't
know comment like talk to you like 10 20
30 minutes and some of them like those
who's that bunch of people fangirling
like thank you fucking okay pretty much
yeah they don't leave for a while yeah
like they stay awhile
yeah I'm gonna try to make this as short
as possible sorry for making it long
because I promise we got to leave early
and I just wanted to explain to you guys
what happened because you guys are gonna
see Nikki like with a black eye like
yeah pretty much
Alex nice on you I shadow it
so pretty much was a girl that came up
to me and she was talking to me she's
like oh watch all your videos her and
like her friends were there would be a
nicer real cool saucy oh thank you so
much I appreciate it you know you know
be like I always reply back like you
know like it's soft so then her
boyfriend out of nowhere came up to me
and he's like don't touch my girlfriend
literally like pushes me away I don't
want to be rude I don't sound like you
tell your girlfriend like she's oh I was
confused when I thought I was confused
and I was there alone and then he kept
telling me stay away from my girlfriend
I was trying to even give me a handshake
because I was trying to be respectful
when I'm trying to calm down I'm trying
to be like you know like hey what's up
like nothing is I'm not here trying to
hit on her enough like that you know not
here actually yeah she wasn't when he
said your story that yeah then he ended
up swinging at me swung in my face over
here and uh ended up being an all-out
brawl that was me
slim Vicki Harris nas versus all 12 none
of us thought I was ready like so they
track the track to jump him outside like
we were just gonna go home I didn't even
know what happened I didn't was just
good it was angry all of them because I
knew but we were gonna make him go home
and they tried to jump participate to
keep even the cops out there they seen
everything that happened and they knew
that we were not even on the wrong and
they didn't do nothing they went up to
the other people picking him up on the
floor cuz they got not but keep
obviously took hits even I took a
nothing knives I blue announcer kids and
fighting you had a you know get it to
give hit you don't I'm saying but
unfortunately in the key they keep that
hit in his eye but it's nothing man it's
nothing
wow they're smiling and this is just I
guess the haters out there who all you
guys man we don't we don't really like
focusing on anything negative and like
anything hateful stuff like that but we
just want respect you know I'm saying me
next time you should like you know ask
your girl first I just want to apologize
to even slim Harris nas you rollin you
guys
because it's my fault my belly like I
got you guys like nice cool um yeah
that's it positive vibes I love you guys
oh and also thank you to the girls there
was a couple girls that defended me
because there were other girls trying to
get involved some girls defended us and
little was hitting the other girls he's
crazy
it was it was it was like a little bit
all night brawl this would know girls
are known was touched by any any of us
was just weird how they were like I
don't know I'll try to jump me like I
didn't know was going on I had no idea
so I just jump in as soon as ever I see
people who Adam yes I see myself getting
job that's when I was like I want to say
I'm gonna say anything a decision
something we got I was dreaming about my
god I've never seen them like it yeah
but now seriously i mode you can enjoy
day have fun and just have a good time
do me gang I don't know what's up with
the Toronto weather but it is freezing
we're heading to Dundas Square right now
I do begin we just got mimosas
in sentiment taking the Waterlow stroll
without coffee it's important I'm saying
some people want to join say hi hi how
you doing Harris is looking for a wife
what Terrace he's looking for a wife
married five times ready but he's very
fucked hi guys
we're done looking for a wives and stuff
okay when you're gonna get married um it
he told y'all he just told the girl that
she's a sixth wife oh my god it's not
good I didn't mean it obviously just
cause he tried to put me on the spot in
Toronto it looks kind of like New York
City like the city the city so so pretty
but in New York like everyone knows each
other you know like everyone can know
the same you know the same words same
slang like look at this I say this word
every New York is going to save back
yeah was it I know he said he feels like
he knows me for a long time and I like
that back I'm like I feel like I know
you too like he's my brother like I
don't know it's like a good connection
so I've known you for years I really I'm
like he's my like homie for a while like
since we diapers you know saying
three four years of my guys right now
we're just crazy I just kind of for I
don't know this but we're about the rock
so what is that nice not the rose in
Toronto look at the light I want to get
a Toronto you know I got a represent we
can you know I'm staying on represent
Canada what's about Jersey to get guys
I'm getting just wrap this Jersey right
here look at these kicks they even have
some crazy like sneakers look at this
wow these are the Gatorades some zeros
like those let go okay someone's getting
locked up here in Canada man
it's crazy Oh
kids don't do that don't do that
