okay guys so this message is to Adam
Saleh and I'm sorry I know you've been
looking for a wife
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so a four
had an amazing that you all should be
having an amazing happy squad let me
slip what up man
you dropped my fault broke my phone bro
who with the homies Nikki was a minute
I know my hair is just a a hey what's
incredible most didn't cut my phone it
was useless dude guys this is day one of
Toronto and not the ones like well
pretty much day one this is the start of
us chilling and going out on a crazy
crazy adventure I don't know what we do
I think we're gonna saute right cuz I
don't like the reality TV show we're
living the same house and stuff oh yeah
like the Arab t-shirt that's one UK
Geordie Shore sound just like Jersey
Shore so we quantum so you gonna pick up
my phone is that your phone or my phone
oh he's like but speaker on what do you
want hi guys we're here we're starting
off the day by going to freakin Nando's
man look it looks like when the UK
Harrison oz the only place I want to go
to his Nando's why you gonna go to
Nando's if you came from the UK they
have their those there like every
freaking corner where I can why guys
Luca slim slim what are you doing bro
what are you doing trying a cinematic
shot yeah well with your ass out like
that yes it is bro so what the hell we
do it in Andals me
but when freakin toronto man is we have
some poutine some freakin awesome
poutine I never marry Paris the British
person is dragging up the nanos no and
Naz man it was a little good yeah was it
was it better than the UK
for sure yeah better than the UK while I
was there it was so much better
no no he's from the UK he said he said
you're lying is it true or not huh
you never saw him there no lion you sure
you always ordered me how did you know
what yeah you have your freaking with a
black card yellow card red card what is
it
a black card here that British piece
taking it seriously yeah the usual guys
look at this beautiful Nando's and then
you see this crazy person
what are you doing against them what are
you doing what the hell but like why do
you B's why are you taking it like this
so extras you know man
you would take my pictures like that man
huh get a cinematic shot you up on North
Island I'm a breast man what about you
you sure yeah what about you pine oz how
does it taste the Nando's like really
different bad different or good
different which one is better the UK
excuse me my friends from the UK and he
said that the food here tastes different
than though so like this is that a fake
tan those are real
excuse me excuse me note-taking man
excuse me no tickets hearts I would
think I would suggest it's good all over
the car
sorry about that man thank you oh my god
he almost kills it
sorry we're gonna go we don't even drive
who almost got a ticket Naz is not here
so now we're forced to drive Hey why
eating Nadeau's we will cut off our food
minutes man look if he drives illegal
guys we're not to turn on the car just
to find out that it's worse than the one
in UK man but it's all good no you gave
them to his team that's why he came to
me to not inherit they just think it's
different I even asked to worker though
she said is different so I'm she said it
different so I think the UK one is a bit
better but right now we'll go to the
arcade about to turn up drugs yeah bro
but just like a baby's driving right now
hi guys we were going to the arcade
every time we're here in Toronto we
gotta stop by Mississauga and go to this
crazy arcade because it's always a crazy
competitive time you tell me come here
we get competitive over here Brandon
alright I'm always on top though in the
bottom that's what I'm about to go to
this laser thingy where you got to go in
and you can't touch the laser so it's
gonna be really crazy and it's saying
it's right here ready to do it
I can't touch these lasers you guys
ready like this small fuck
I have made I'm good I'm good there
watching me outside there's a TV si oh
okay okay I'm good I'm good
I'm doing girls a la chilling holy crap
me you know this thing it's harder than
it looks
oh my shit a laser in my face touched
one okay I got one
know what screw this shit man
yeah who do you think I am then a pity
party
I am PewDiePie what makes you think that
I'm youtuber
one of my children how many kids do I
have you had a guess if you get this
right yeah oh you almost got it
three I got it right guys you got it
right
when they want to suppose this ya know
raising awareness ah hey man I'm good I
can come and go and get about wait here
I'm not he could show he's an arcade
he's having fun
do me gig we just got back to her right
now about to react to this video so slim
he di me this video on Instagram if you
guys do not know mini slim he's my best
friend he's my cousin I'll talk to him
my message whatsapp we talk to each
other on Instagram Twitter DMS we talk
to each other everywhere it's pretty
it's pretty weird we always have a
combos like really funny insider combo
maybe there's a good idea let me know if
you guys want to see our like compost or
it's the dumbest combos you guys can see
it because we talk about you guys to
everyone watching we always talk about
you guys we stalk you guys ok guys so
this message is to Adam sunny I'm sorry
I know you've been looking for a wife
and my friends have been busting my
balls saying any gay marriage or 2025
and you still haven't found someone well
I just want to say if that position is
still vacant I am applying for this
position
she Australian she looks chilly she
sounds Australian right I need to
interview with us you an interview
interview you guys heard from nas nas
what's a interviewer so if you interview
her than you an environment and that is
the steps that we go and say go get to
my boy just laugh are you marrying here
are my marrow solid that was as her
caption said it took a lot of courage
and I give her like I love her courage
that she has you know like inspires me
not to have that courage it's really
it's dope
you know your confidence is good I like
that maybe in Australia when we see you
or something like that you get interview
don't say with this interview and we'll
see anyways guys the video I hope you
guys enjoyed it do me again let me know
in the comments below what else do you
guys want to see us here doing in
Toronto I just really really hate how
the weather is so so cold is kind of
like ruining a few rap plans because
we're playing and going back to the CN
tower doing it because in the key though
I mean they keep did it never done CN
Tower
well Google Images you can see it
because it was way too cold at the top
of the CN Tower so I'm yeah we didn't
want to go and make it windy and it's
just gonna be like everything's gonna
complete myself thank you guys so much
for watching if you guys enjoy live make
sure you give it a thumbs up thumbs up
and go turkey do me yay thank you guys
so much for everything
do not forget to subscribe and our more
adventures with my little bro um I feel
like I'm a little broke
yeah I feel like all the bro know a
little bit like to amateur like you look
older but you're not you don't act all
this that's a thing not to amateur a
little bit yeah I feel like you're older
you're like more mature that's just
weird I don't know man it's weird it's
weird life is languages with coming see
you guys so much thank god so much to me
I take care of you
a man I love early
