yo-yo warning do not try all the dumb
stunts that I do in my vlog no seriously
I should make a parody cover of the
weekend call out my name and I'll call
it stop calling out my name to my mom
I'm gonna dedicate it to my mom cuz all
I hear around this whole house is you
need to stop calling out my name what's
not badou meaning I hope you are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day yes that is my intro and what
I seen a couple of new people saying
what the heck is wrong with your intro
so what if you're having an amazing day
I don't want to have an amazing day
well I'm just spreading positive vibes
and I really want you guys like feel
better if you guys are feeling stressed
and this is the reason why I make daily
vlogs seriously you do me again and you
guys don't understand imma give you guys
a real talk with Adam in the beginning
of the vlog I feel like my addiction is
vlogging every single day like should I
take a break from vlogging do me gang
I'm with the king right here big boss
baba Silas hey what's up man hey what's
going on man I have a question for you
should I stop vlogging or not should I
continue no no I should have stopped no
thought should continue it yeah yes okay
one down let me see what you guys think
obviously do me I hope you guys are
feeling great I hope the vlog that I
upload every single day at least make
you guys smile a little
I'll always upload every single day but
seriously I just wanted to know you guys
his thoughts and opinions because I feel
like this is my addiction this is
vlogging I love I love doing it let's
start off the fly by giving this video a
thumbs up which you thumb
take your thumb and press the thumbs up
coz today's gonna be a wild ball video
I'm going outside I tell you guys what's
all about but I already told you guys
the warning don't try this at home don't
do this hey do me gang as you guys know
from my title it says watermelon
exploding challenge well that's what
we're about to get a watermelon
what's romina we're getting today
yeah are you my friend today yes we're
friends are we friends I guess we're
like friends for the next 10 minutes but
let's go get a watermelon hi guys so the
first thing we need is rubber bands so I
found the road of days yep all of them
you think so we got everything we need
other than the watermelon we see it
right there we see you right there what
do we get this hour of dad this one
which one is the best watermelon I don't
know which one is the best one guys this
is so so funny
let go mas gonna savor this is Hilary
he's saying he needs a helmet because
he's seen videos of the watermelon so as
you guys know it's like a trend like
with this whole water metal thing and
rerun Boston and they've seen it before
and they know it explodes and he keeps
saying he needs a what what do you need
Noah Mauston I got you some goggles here
I got pink goggles maybe I should rock
it you know say hey hey cuz I probably
gonna be the closest to it but I'm
setting it up and uh everything with the
tripod so I'll see you guys the next
shot
alright guys so we got two watermelons
just in case we make a mistake because
with the Addams Family something always
happens man is crazier than the Keeping
Up with the Kardashians so we got to put
one away let's keep the big one there
all the what these are rubber bands
remark rubber bands guys muffin was
really scared so you went inside but now
he's not scared look look at you want to
come in now hi guys we have Moss in here
and now I must say what's up
guys like how much rubber bands we have
we can make a whole rubberband we can
make your whole rubber band like
mountain man look at this oh my god what
do you mean
Remo go get it go he was right we need
that I see we need that little metal pot
that they make a seed one we can make
sure this is straight I do mean Hank
wareameye go get stop seed pot make sure
you guys get this like a thumbs up
thumbs up do me gang let's see if we can
get fifty thousand thumbs up for that
assembly Reba you got the wrong it's
wrong it's the wrong one
this is that seats up everywhere This Is
It this is where you go you know a
watermelon goes here and now we're ready
to do it you guys ready so if you guys
do not know zooming game the more and
more rubber bands you put in here after
like a while it explodes I don't know
how long it takes about we're here
trying it out for you guys so I'm team
or you know z:t work oh my god how'd you
how did he hit get stuck take it out my
G take it out your why is the adult
wearing goggles and glasses and the kids
here they got on a hat like it's gonna
be cold enough for like interview mostly
move your head forget stuff real muslin
you ain't playin no effort man to put
your butt back inside
so Rima have you heard of BTS what do
you behind the scenes
what do you mean beat Oh Bri was trying
to say BTS is behind the scene no remote
its advanced the kpop band you know
what's k-pop you know them yeah
do you like hip-hop oh now she knows you
know it's kpop but she does know BTS
girl what the hell not so much yo this
is like a thousand rock bands there and
keep watching
your hope this is not a fail man come on
let's go dream or maybe ever put a new
boy Reema can you rap me a song yeah I
go I'm gonna drop you a beat alright
hold up let the plane pass come on like
dream monster can you sing me a song
sing a song go
Mohsen just farted man this is
disgusting
this is how it is so far we can see a
little bit like it's getting sucked in
like yeah like the rubberband forces it
to get sucked in but I'm still nothing
it's been like 10 20 minutes you've got
to keep going to keep grinding
guys Marcin gave up on us now it's me a
tree am i doing it come on let's go me
more come on oh I thought something
exploded it was just it was just a
rubber band that popped out
you asked yeah be careful be good I need
to get my phone and look up how long
does it take for the watermelon to
explode so I'm gonna go get my phone
okay so I looked up online and it told
me it took 482 rubber bands for the
watermelon to explode and I feel like
we've already done over a thousand man
like this is insane we're still going oh
my god what want to play me one-on-one
three months you're like half my height
not even you're not gonna beat you want
Reimer seriously thinks she can beat me
in a one-on-one basketball like she
seriously she genuinely thinks she can
beat me really you cannot beat me you
don't even watch basketball
the only basket play you know Steph
Curry and who else Michael Jordan is he
even in the NBA right now Reema come on
the Stig is taking so long
does melt like an hour man guys listen
to how the sounds
we're not giving up guys this is like an
hour later this is one of the worst
challenges I've ever done man my fingers
are like you know I like the road man
like you know like it's holding you and
your blood like goes in like it really
really hurts man you don't understand
how hard this is it may look easy but
it's frickin hard man hi guys as you
guys can see closely it's like starting
to like bulk out not-not-not explode but
it starting to bulk out a little bit you
look closely you can see it like you
know coming out a little bit from there
yo my g-man
yo my man you explode oh my god I see
yeah I see some movement or something
yeah Rima take a step back be careful I
got your back girl to Lima and she can't
cheat you yeah dive in the water man
yeah my dad was one of it then L dance
underwater ma yeah
Martin is watching us from here he's too
much of a punk eating his chips let's
look closely you can see it we're gonna
be careful we might be kid why are you
going close to it Reema if it explodes
right now I'm gonna I'm gonna laugh
instead guys we're just gonna put more
because this thing is taking longer than
you because it explodes right now you
can't be careful this is scary man
that's what I say do not try stuff like
this at home me yo I don't trust the
watermelon this is crazy we don't trust
no watermelons out here we don't trust
no you know it started to get dark out
here man yeah we're gonna say hey no
matter what even if it's still 12 a.m. 3
a.m. 6 a.m.
there's no 1000s come guys Rheem is
using the bathroom I don't know if it's
gonna explode or not I don't trust this
watermelon I don't trust it at all man
seriously like I don't know what to do
anymore I put so much rubber bands like
I don't know what else to do I don't
know which way to put it I don't know if
it's this way that way but so much of it
is dripping look what the heck all right
give me a big thing back we motivate
folks give me thing but yeah it should I
get it try to set me up girl now I'm one
supposed to come again guys my battery's
about to die everything like taking
longer than usual and then we're tight
what the heck oh my god what the heck
yo yo
Oh mr. rubberbands what the inside what
yo look up perfect Oh would you look at
this oh my god Wow
after so many takes after so many takes
don't it came out perfectly man we did
it perfect that was it Wow that was it
doobie gang I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did make sure you give it a
and go
you won't you're the one that stared at
us doing it and then now you're eating
it I do everyday we're ending the vlog
here I hope you guys enjoyed it we'll
see you guys do not forget to do not
forget to subscribe
Hey matter of fact I'm gonna give this
ball away to anyone who leaves a comment
below so comment below anything you want
any comment below if you want to win
this rubber band boy i'ma fix it up
those
