would you like to baby symptoms like 10
minutes yes
yeah let's go baby
oh yeah hey guys what's up your doobie
gang I hope you all having an amazing
day because we're having an amazing day
so we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy into
me gang I am here getting my workout
while my man Mawson is motivating me I
love you mustn't
Mison do you love me are we still not
friends Reba's your friend you're
seriously guys I've been wanting to be
this dude's friend but he doesn't want
to be my friend I think he's just
messing around me are you messing around
on me are you messing around oh god he's
not can I get a kiss why you don't want
to be my friend
children me Erica I haven't showed you
guys probably but look at his hair can
you like it let's do the Mustang face go
masterpiece this is the mustn't a
student more simply do the mocking face
do the massive thing do the box of these
do the month of it tweet us if you know
how to do them well he doesn't have
Twitter well tweet me if you guys know
how to do the muscle face guys we're
about to do a trust fall alright ready
hi guys let's see mustn't trust ya ready
set go
he's issues
wow this shoes a dope can I have it why
mine come on let me just wear it come on
can't fit me yeah it's ok I'll try yeah
seriously I love this dude so much but
like he never admits that I'm his friend
I guess I'm my uncle listen come back
here you ain't telling no one's mom do
me again you guys like yesterday's vlog
with your elbows today I want you guys
to like today's vlog this vlog right now
with your toes I'm about to do it with
Munson in Dumaguete you guys ready I
will do what you guys like today's line
with you're like a ready you know let's
do it what's your not with the sneaker
not what this not what your shoe oh my
god tomorrow might be different part of
your body but a do me gang I feel so so
good today I'm feeling hyper because I
drink so much iced coffee I'm bout to
head out with Raymond Watson I believe
we're gonna go do a little shopping you
know say I'm doing the clothes shopping
Marcin what the heck Marcin we can't go
out like this you win you're wearing
like you look like a clown yes you look
like a clown huh I'm a clown you're a
clown yeah well you got clown shoes on
guys like it could suck AV could talk
through the frickin door let's go what
hi guys right now we're inside the uber
we're heading to the mall Mawson I want
to show you something night guys
this is how Austin is when he watches
the vlogs when he sees himself
alright hello my phone look is messed up
you cracked my phone today in life look
I've seen all your fan accounts and
everything what's who is that me huh
you're mad why were you mad at me huh
you're mad at me
DoubleTap it means when you like a
picture on Instagram you go DoubleTap we
here boy what's up yeah say what's up
are you doing you're right this is how
mustn't I Rima greets fans this is how
Mawson greets chata tell her hi Susan
Watson I'm sorry I'm sorry
Muzzin
guys he shot at two fatahna how you
doing away from me from here oh yeah no
oh tell them I said hi alright thank you
yeah of course awesome man what happened
you got to be nice why be so rude man
let's do the solo to everyone
stop being a Kanye West huh come on stop
what wow that looks pretty dope really
should I get that one or not
ya know is that the Rangers one is that
supposed to be like a Rangers my
daughter's shoes enough here yeah it's
daughter and Sunday yeah yeah oh thank
you I just blog like I'm a thing with
that you know so I have no like I have
no PA would you like to babysit them
like 10 minutes
yes all right guys all right I'll be
back
they work I'll be back hi guys oh my god
I was trying to see what she's gonna do
sick the net you're sweet oh shoot is
you sweet China China babysit that was
good
guys we're in a mall and on Monday look
we got that it is like it feels so good
I feel like we own the mall like we can
just run run what you want look run all
you want like all the energy you have
you can use it here okay don't use it at
home okay that's good okay hi guys we're
shopping here and Mawson I told him to
choose a basketball jersey and out of
everything this is why he chose but why
you can't get LeBron James Lawson no you
can't he's getting a LeBron James one
man that's crazy
damn man I thought my whole family was
carrying stuff I guess I guess he's
LeBron your curry what about you you're
LeBron knew I was serious and stuff huh
you want it yes I got you doing I got
you I got you mustn't you don't put your
own shoe bag that's that's you got
right sorry yeah no you're not oh my god
okay oh my god they don't have these try
to get these more Sun keeps embarrassing
me why you embarrassing me huh why huh
hi guys remot shows out his sneaker
mustn't sadly he did have a size can i
resize it too small
he's mad right now adorned hey she got
these ones on me see like it
okay okay Lima fits Mawson don't want
you still got your the bronzer you want
this this one is dope I love how real is
asking me with a dope it's my voice my
language my same dope huh stop don't
your shoes gonna come out soon
okay Connie it was Kanye Kanye hi I'm
Austin he got his you guys other
sneakers he wants it now LeBron doubt
man come on LeBron doubt my Jean hey hey
come on put it on okay
New Jersey's kind of big there let me
see sneakers you see you sneakers okay
okay do me tanks I want to talk to you
guys about something real talks with
Adam is back I guess in the end of the
vlog because I just woke up from a nap
right now this is all over the news if
you guys haven't heard about it Toronto
they had like a crazy attack or someone
went inside a car that were in a van and
they ran over like 10 to 20 people in so
many of them passed away and died I hate
hearing about stuff like that because it
seriously breaks my heart because
Toronto is an amazing city has amazing
people and they don't they don't deserve
that at all dollar seriously the night
system to know that's something like
that happen is just really really scary
you guys are in my prayers the families
of everyone who passed away you guys are
my prayers my die and I really hope you
guys stay strong I know how scary it is
it happened I think I happened it
happened in New York Times Square it
happened in London stuff like this
happens on a normal basis seriously we
all just have to be careful read our
blogs in the morning and just you know
stay alert because at any moment
anything can happen you know
you have to always stay safe and always
be careful there's a lot of crazy people
out there who make Muslims look bad
because they explained that this guy's
identity
he looked Middle Eastern they haven't
came out with the final decision but he
looks Middle Eastern so maybe we're
gonna see what Trump is gonna say now
since he looks Middle Eastern now he can
finally say something if you're not
going against Muslims or Middle Eastern
but the main important thing about this
is just to stay alert and I'ma be
careful Toronto stay safe if you guys do
not know I'm actually going to Toronto I
was so scared and I called my friends I
was like oh did you guys see will happen
in Toronto they're all my friends are
like yo you're coming to Toronto after
tomorrow and I'm like oh I am sir see
this is so so scary because I remember
what I went to London what the thing
happened London literally a day later I
went to London when when that person
like ran over so many people and it's
just it's a scary situation you know
stuff like this when it happens you have
to know how to deal with it you got to
stay safe stay alert and always keep
yourself close to a lot because if you
don't then you ain't gonna have no one
but you have to run all my thoughts and
my prayers are to you guys I love you
guys Toronto Canada you guys are amazing
you have to have amazing people and
amazing city stay safe do not let that
you know bring you guys down and I want
to see the end result and this I want to
know like exactly who did I already see
what Trump says I'm really curious to
know because this is just a scary
situation and stuff like this shouldn't
be happening man this is just pity make
sure you guys stay alert
be careful dooming yang thank you guys
so much for the love and support I will
be ending the vlog here if you guys
enjoyed this vlog make sure you give it
a thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys in Toronto I'm leaving
to Toronto after tomorrow and I'm
staying there for like three to four
days just a little chill out then I'll
be back to New York City so in do me a
few guys haven't subscribed make sure
you guys subscribe and give this vide a
thumbs up do me Hank I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace love
