I'm your uncle I'm your do you like to
be anything I do enjoy it do we guys
know yes do we can go change what's up I
hope you are having an amazing night
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day and do me
again I just want to say thank you guys
so much for all the love and support you
guys show it on yesterday's vlog a
little intro skit that I did for the
super Erik nanny she was the special
guest who came to the new Adams family
house for her first time ever seriously
I'm gonna start making more like skits
but like organic skits like you know
those home skits I don't know for some
reason I love doing home skits it's
natural for me literally I improvise
everything that I'm doing those videos
because those are like legit combos that
I've had with like my family or a family
member so I'm so glad that a lot of you
guys enjoyed if you guys haven't want to
go watch it make sure you guys go watch
it it's yesterday's like go give it a
thumbs up because once it has 30,000
thumbs up the next episode will be out
real soon and do not forget to give this
video a thumbs up and do me a you know
what let me give you guys a challenge
try to give this blog and thumbs up with
your elbow literally like this take your
elbow go to whatever you have if it's
your phone or your laptop and go like
this and click on thumbs up with your
elbows and let me know if you guys did
it in the comments below do me young see
how many of you guys actually did it now
but seriously right now Mawson is
completely mad at me he's mad at me
every single day and you guys want to
laugh the reason why he's mad at me
right now is because of the super arab
nanny video he's like no no and I'm like
Mawson it's not me that that's that
someone else that just kind of looks
like me and in a way sometimes he'll
believe me he's like oh okay but I know
he does it but right now I'm gonna go to
him I'm gonna try to become friends with
him again because I need to head out and
go to the city but I don't want to go
out with any bad grudges so Mawson I
gotta go to him and let's try to become
friends again what's wrong with you why
you're not my friend rimas your friend
what about me I'm your uncle I'm your
uncle Adam
I remember huh I'm Hara what about the
day you were born I remember the day you
were born I've got you I've loved you
I then man look at you you and your
weird-looking haircut look at this what
is this you thinking Ronaldo
you a Ronaldo then what are you
no you're not you're a girl you're a
girl huh why do you wanna go upstairs
leave me this is what I mean
you don't want to be my friend no you
want to go give me a hug give me a hug
he's gonna sit atop me if he goes I know
you will do you know that the super
airplane is coming for you it she's
coming for you yes she will yes - so bad
and he's coming if you don't become my
friend huh
no stop snitching stop telling
everyone's mom is waiting I wonder if he
does this in school like he snitches on
people like I'm gonna tell your mom or
I'm gonna tell you teacher why are you
such a snitch huh no no no snitching you
want the suburban they need to come no
she's coming for you you heard it super
Abney not gonna tell my mom huh what are
you gonna tell her this is the hundredth
time you're gonna tell my mom what are
you gonna tell him I said what are you
gonna tell her hmm I love you I love you
Muslim I miss you oh I guess I do me
yank me Marcin we didn't become friends
maybe tomorrow will become fancy always
dishes on me my mom wants to beat me up
right now so I'm not in a good mood I'm
getting ready I'm gonna go to the city
to meet up with my friends slim and they
keep and I'm also going to the store
this BTS or is like a k-pop BTS store if
you guys do not know who BTS is then
you're living under a rock like Patrick
I like BTS so I'm going to there I'm
going to the store I have with BTS so
I'm gonna go to the store and just you
know have low chill out there do me gay
also I am doing hand it once again one
more time only because the person that's
you know letting me know how to do it
told me to do it again because henna is
mainly for like your skin and when you
try to put on the hair it's like it
rarely works because it's like natural
from plants I don't know I don't really
know more like moe
information about doing heading at one
last time and that's it I want to do two
too much I just felt like the first time
that I did it was alright but like I
felt like I needed to do at least one
more time to show the little you know
the in the roots you know what I'm
saying so do me yeah I'm doing hitting
it one more time but first before I do
that I will be going to the kpop BTS
store and hanging out in the city so I'm
doing em see you guys in the next shot
do me gang I just got to the city I met
up with the mommy monarchy been the only
slim super fucking it's a brand new day
today
say what it's a brand new day today say
what it's a brand new day is it a brand
new day or not yes sir you already know
it's a brand new day now seriously do me
and what you guys don't know what we
always do
MIMO slim and Vikas watch a lot of
sports man and we debate and argue a lot
lovers are going a lot of arguments go
on like it from watching sports because
you know these are the Braun family mean
I respect his game he's a monster yeah
boys are you LeBron Tanner
well she definitely the rock face man
look at the front face to get mad they
get mad are you like a Kobe Kobe
oh my god oh my god
BTS man all my guys like BTS oh my god
yo jungkook look at jungkook oh I loved
waste but oh one name is that this is
great their analysis would be fine
motive is like koozie favorite BTS
member for me - that's my favorite one -
yeah I like it
I'll just talking about a lot of when he
smiled this often serious yo what here's
one a cop
oh my god a sweater yeah I'm vlogging
you know they got junk cool gray yeah a
whole and a big bang bang bang bang bang
hey man babe hey babe a guy's not about
Big Bang it's about BTS you know you
know the story got crazy stuff yo they
got the merge here something like that
I'm a seriously who wants to adamsummers
I'm I think that of solemn urgent hit a
right there you know was it guys won't
believe this man oh my goodness
how you doing how you doing it do me
gang I am back home right now meme us
and we're still not friends but I'm here
opening up my friends which is you guys
some pillbox male huge shout out to
Satya actually it's not Satya it's
sadaqa sadaqa sharif look what she drew
oh my God look at this seriously you
guys are so so talented thank you guys
so much for all the effort all the
dedication you guys always do I
appreciate every single one of you guys
but still that does not mean I'll be
telling you guys or revealing give you
guys the favor get the undercover Fanta
comp but I will real soon because you
obviously I'm trying to a little twist
you know I'm saying seriously next time
I'm not doing this though because I feel
bad cuz you guys still keep blaming each
other like all I see all over my Twitter
it's people blaming each other people
thinking everyone is me guys I feel like
I'm not even out of like what the hell
like everyone else is that I don't know
but seriously do me that is the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching if
you guys enjoyed it make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey let me know
in the comments below what do you guys
want to see more of I don't know I
haven't asked that question in all of
2018 so this is the comment question of
the day what do you guys want to see
more of you guys want to see more crazy
pranks you guys want to see more crazy
I don't know Adam just being Adam
outside in public more home vlogs more
skits I don't know let me know in the
comments below and I'll do a lot more of
it just let me know in the comments
below cuz your comments your thoughts
and everything counts so every little
comment you write I read every single
one of them so make sure you guys
comment below and let me know do me now
see you guys tomorrow do not forget to
subscribe and do me I have an amazing
night wherever morning afternoon
wherever you guys are at I love you guys
take care and peace I love it do me gang
this is my final result I still need a
shower but look at it this is it this is
a exceed a difference mm-hmm let me know
what you guys think this is the final
result you can finally know what to say
right away but like it looks it looks
doubtful it's like I'm perfect
I think it's a perfect color not too
much not too less um yeah let me know in
the comments below
Matt i'ma see you guys tomorrow take it
hey man I love Ellie we don't really
count that appeal
