yeah your videos are terrible all these
guys
dumi gay you guys watching right now I
bet you give a thumbs up thumbs up we
start a vlog with a good vibe you know
thumbs up thumbs up would you give this
locket thumbs up or not yes hey guys
what's up with dooming i hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day and the reason why I'm
having an amazing day because it's sunny
out here and the view looks beautiful
look at this Brooklyn to the city
Manhattan what's up man look at this is
beautiful
guys I just went on instagram live my
Instagram is right here I'm looking for
slim about to meet up with him because
we're taking pictures here yep I feel
like I don't know is that a bougie thing
to do just to meet up and take like
pictures I don't know it's fun we have
fun doing this I'm looking for I can't
find him it's been like 20 minutes and
like no one knows where he's at
do you guys know is my friend slim and
I'm looking for my best friend slim
after 30 minutes long this dude lives
here in Brooklyn I finally think oh my
god after 30 minutes row seriously man
what the heck is wrong with you nah man
peace out okay now we speared up squared
up here man hi guys since we met up and
slim took so long slip your punishment
is you got to take thousand photos of me
shit again better take a thousand
pictures oh my god memory shit which is
every day and I just take a hundred
pictures a day well it's all good man we
takin some pics today here in Brooklyn
with the view you know saying hey hey
what's up kid I do and don't be scared
no I did it I just barked man I did I
just barked you guys like to have
Lovelock's here where they like you know
it's like love eww soon why don't we
have one man I love luck what does this
mean like this is like good luck we're
gonna have to have your bracelet someone
gave it to you in London I haven't yeah
neither guys look how nasty the beaches
are in New York City man like this dirty
35 dirty men look at this Beach you
gonna happen would you wanted to be here
I'm gonna be a peer this is a beach man
I got sand then it got nasty water going
on here with it what's a freak hi guys
we're slow but somebody ready to go
that's good that looks good
Oh slim is the worst photographer ever
man sitting right every picture of you
looking cute is cuz of me bro it's the
worst
you're the worst photographer I dunno
build art class you told me them know I
did it I passed off that symbol take one
picture and you're like oh my god this
is the one
this is it he shows me and I'm like you
know I'm put the picture up like oh
there's too much space here miss you
much space there
this must be space Bros the wrong room
you put so much the video guys of you
look at this picture look at this
picture right here there's so much space
outside you what do I have freakin most
on the top of me bro there's no space I
have a visible person who's helping me
or one not was seriously Thank You Senor
sakes mom q pictures of things do me
gang you guys won't believe what just
happened right now so I met hater face
to face like a legit hater who hates my
videos my videos suck it's not
entertaining like someone who just
doesn't like me at all from Brooklyn
hater here your videos are terrible all
this guy does all this is
I was not seeing them why would you also
Slim is here from Brooklyn he was about
to beat his butt but I told slim to
chill out and I wanted to talk to him
like I want to have a real talk
he's a douche though honestly share
who's a dude but I seriously just wanted
to talk to him from heart to heart and
let him know like why does he like I
don't know why does he hate me why does
he I don't know like even if my videos
are not entertaining for him and if it
sucks for him someone's about to go
crazy on it and I but you can't answer
you can't answer to a hater like that
that's what haters one that someone did
that got locked up and in jail and
that's what happens if a hater yeah if a
hater approaches you don't fight back
don't don't be a splint no sane unless
he touches you anyways I was talking to
him and I was telling him then don't
watch it like don't watch my videos if I
saw it can if you don't like me then
then like why try to get my attention
you know why speaks in Malay unless you
trying to fight you got to be about it
you can't just go up there and say hey
you suck man you really really suck
honestly Atticus he's young man you tell
he was just immature mr. clown he just
trying to get it like negative energy to
be honest I would expose him like I was
show leg but I'm gonna blur it just for
his safety because I don't want to cause
like I don't want to like you know I
hate right yeah yeah like if you see him
then he'll end up getting hit himself I
don't want to spread something that he's
spreading know what I'm saying about it
spread love him do you hate me no good
it's all good Adam the situation good
why I like why man hella good some
people won't
for me I don't care like I don't care if
anyone hate something I don't really
give a damn like I'm happy I'm living
life I'm a my freakin best friend my
cousin
we're Brooklyn taking pictures like
that's all we're doing we're not hurting
anyone and people come and they hate on
us literally from a year or two ago me
slim all we used to do was run into
haters man were that person in the city
he went up to me he's like a few Adam
and just like started walking away and
then still trying to chase him he ran
away robber
it was a guy with the business suit
hating on me cursing me out like what
the hell obviously I'm not gonna let
that ruin me I'm not good at that you
know
faze me enough like that they're gonna
continue on my day have fun means to
them and just still have a chill out you
know hater you oh I don't uncensored bro
let me have 20 minutes aqua head now
let me have a 20 minute oh hi guys we're
just getting pizza right now at the most
famous Brooklyn pizza ever we're trying
to for the first time I cannot wait I
haven't had pizza for so long we got our
ice coffees as usual ready ice coffees
in Brooklyn imposes a bunch of people
are looking right there what's up man
how's it going oh oh oh oh my god I just
spilled my water I spilled the water
trying to say hi I was all day huh sorry
I'm trying to say hi then like bell
Sarzo oh my god this is embarrassing
this is awkward sorry I don't know who
shout out to the pizza go
water in the restaurant I blame them the
other kids are yes it is man you see you
got so thank you thank you so much I
appreciate it thank you guys
why not pizza demon guys happy birthday
to the twins over here happy birthday
yeah we gotta finish soon you ready try
it like this
some you got to be kidding me bro bro
trying to be like questions I'm always
embarrassed because he's ratchet in
fancy restaurants but they weren't like
the pizza restaurant I was like whatever
you know oh my god that was some amazing
amazing pieces seriously that was the
best pizza I've ever had in Brooklyn
there's no page sponsorship a nothing
like that but if you guys ever want to
go get some pizza right here like what
is called Green Mountains you'll be done
this is the line for the pizza man
it's the line for the pizza man but if
y'all want to get the pieces you go to
Dumbo in Brooklyn that Donald Trump know
that we brought you guys here Dumbo to
the view and to the pizza shop you don't
say you guys ever come to New York City
to go to spa study you guys know with
the homie right here what's up man hi
guys doing nice suit man looking like
you're ready to like you know rob a bank
man yo seriously huge shout out to those
kids and I see it in the pizza shop from
PS 144 thank you guys so much like I was
feeling kind of down I felt like
everyone hated me because of that
freaking dumb one hater that smoked crap
but you guys made me feel so much better
thank you guys so much
Chad I told my real ones I love you guys
so much I shout outs all my haters I
love you guys so sexy shout-out to the
haters shout-out to the haters and doomy
gang I am back home I had an amazing
amazing day other than a dumb hater who
came up and spread his negativity screw
you man I don't give a damn but right
now to me gang I want to tell you guys
something so so funny you guys won't
believe it so this is a huge shout out
to all the fan accounts there's a lotta
you guys always do like fan accounts you
don't have to do faint accounts but I
thought it'll be pretty cool if I've did
an undercover fan account and start
stalking you guys and see what you guys
doing and I did it for a vlog that
should be out in a few days
boo boo yay and right now like since I
announced that I did a fan account like
an undercover fanuc out
every like a do me on Twitter right now
are going like insane you guys keep
blaming each other you guys keep blaming
other people with stuff like that
I do stalking group chat so I'm looking
at some group chats right now and a lot
of you guys like blaming other people
this one says I'm not gonna sleep yet
because I think I found the fan account
hahahahaha no way show me and it goes to
Aussie adieu me which is not me I feel
bad for these fan accounts like their
true fan accounts I feel bad for them
like you know being blamed thinking it's
me it's not me what the heck I doubt it
cuz like they have a birthday oh my god
I don't know I'm just assuming everyone
is Adam that was just one there's a lot
lot more this one says I'm dying who
else thinks I'm Adam me everyone you are
Adam shut up already
that person is also not having it's not
you guys but I know until the video is
out because I was smooth you know what
I'm saying anyways to do beginning I
really hope you guys enjoyed this black
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey thank you guys for all
the love and support you guys always
show do not forget to subscribe click
that subscribe button only six point two
four five seconds I love you guys to do
me yeah so you guys tomorrow take care
and peace I love
