hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day and do me
gang I always tell you guys what I do in
the beginning of the line right now I'm
not gonna really tell you guys
specifically but you guys are probably
gonna know from the title but today I'm
taking a chance a real chance on my beer
and as you guys know in the past I've
always taken chances you know making my
hair blog making my hair pink making and
green just doing different colors but
this time I'm keeping my normal hair and
I'm changing up my beard
I saw always joke around to change my
beard and like my sarong my dad and show
him that it's pink but I've never really
done anything so my beard but today is
the day that I do it I'm so curious to
see how it looks and if it looks bad I
don't know what I'm gonna do because I
don't want to shave it if I shave out a
little worse oh my god
all I'm saying is that I'm taking a
chance for you guys do me I really hope
I'll pull it off if you guys are ready
for it make sure you give this bag and
thumbs up and do not forget to subscribe
because I'm almost out 4 million
subscribers I want our reach 4 million
subscribers I ain't gonna do something
really really crazy for you guys so make
sure you guys comment below what should
I do let me know when it comes I shall
do a show in space should I like jump
out of the Astro know what said you guys
let me know what should I do for 4
million subscribers right now what I'm
about to do for almost for money
subscribers is imma take a chance on my
beard I need to go get a thing that I'm
gonna use to put on my beard you guys
will know in the next shop I'm gonna get
it and come back so I'm stay tuned I'll
see you guys in the next shot
okay do me yeah thirty minutes later I
am back it was raining outside I didn't
vlog outside me getting what I needed to
get matter of fact I'm gonna tell you
guys what I'm getting I had to go get
mehndi if you guys don't know mehndi is
it's pretty much henna because I'm gonna
put henna on my beard I put him down my
hair and it didn't really look that
great but this time I'm putting Kennett
hair dye like it's legit like hair dye
like it might be orangish and stuff I
don't know I feel like it'll be dope
it'll be cool be cool look I don't know
or maybe I'm just bored with my life but
I do me again I'm by doing right now
let's see how it goes if it goes wrong
then then this whole video is gonna be
wrong then I'm gonna be gone without
probably not gonna do flies for the next
two months oh my god but see how it goes
do me I'm gonna do it and I see you guys
in the next shot I got one utility later
do me again it is time for me to show
you guys I just want to tell you guys
that this chance that I took was not a
good one because it rarely rarely showed
I'm gonna show you guys right now I just
want you guys to know that henna it
takes I don't know it I guess it takes a
while for it to show and you have to
keep doing it again and again and again
so you guys are probably not gonna
notice anything even though I had it off
like an hour too but I will zoom it in
and give you guys a close-up so I'm out
here it goes one two three go boom
oh my god you guys probably see no
difference like I don't know like hi
guys if you look closely you can see
like the little lure hanging around you
see it mmm mmm you can see it look easy
this was such a fail man I wasted two
three hours of my life for this you guys
do not know I'm really into like fashion
style hair coloring and stuff like that
but the person that was letting me know
to do the henna on me they were telling
me that it takes a couple times doing it
so this is the first time this is just
the first one like it's kind of not that
light but the next one is gonna be a bit
lighter then the next one off that is
gonna be even more lighter but I feel
like this is just a fail do me I just
wasted my whole frickin day everything
with this but it's all good in the hood
not everything in the world you know
it's the way you want it you just have
to be patient Sovran jameelah no real
real soon I'm gonna do it again be
honest do me let me know the comments
well do you guys notice a little
difference look little difference big
difference whatever it is just a little
no chance I guess you guys are gonna
like it a bit you can see it more if
it's in person and like if you're like
this dis is like you guys are the camera
for real and you guys can definitely see
it but with the camera you can't really
see it I'm gonna go show Rima and moss
and why not want to see if they notice
it too like they I'm just gonna ask them
they're probably ever gonna notice it
but I want to ask them and see if they
notice I remember it was sup yo I got a
surprise for you guys huh it's me
I'm the surprise hi saying oh I'm not a
good surprise
yeah I am i might go surprised all right
I need to ask you guys a question right
what does that mean why do you have that
why do you have that drop the gun
put your hands up what hi guys I have a
serious question for you guys guys ready
yeah all right is it dollar different
and anything anything different just
look closely yeah what well some of them
up you know something on my hair did I
cut it nope mustn't come your next
anything different my eyebrows oh my god
alright no I just it's not a haircut
look closely look closely look closely
look closely what is it what is it you
don't see nothing I feel like one of
those ladies like who colors their hair
and stuff like that is like oh my god my
boyfriend didn't notice my hair like oh
my goodness like look closely
what's different did you look at me look
at me what's different what looks
different what looks different she
stared that I used to like with that
what looks different Rima what looks
different
any color difference see close enough
look what color is it
I mean it's like orange
they finally notice it after like oh my
god you guys are the worst he's here oh
yeah what why didn't you put it a lot
like yeah because it takes a while its
head no it's red yeah yeah ten minutes
do you like it or no I ain't gonna do it
while doing it I'm gonna do a lot more
like you know real oranges yourself like
why not just look close he's like a dark
orange anyways a doobie guy yeah this is
the chance that I that I did I don't
know this is not a big chance that I did
but I thought it might be a big chance
but I need to do it a couple more times
so imma let me know no I just showed my
mom my beard and she noticed it right
away because when it's like sunnier like
a bright light shines on you then you
see it and guess who I do meeting my mom
loved it she was like this is the best
chance you've ever done in your life out
of all the chances you've done I'm like
my you Cavin notice anything that looks
like there's like bright light or
something
she's like no Alya this is the best best
one henna is good very very good too
soon and I'm like ma henna smells like
oh my god smells like poop I felt like I
had poked my freaking face but as long
as my mom and my dad loved it I so can't
wait til I say I don't know I'm just
really impatient I wanted it to be like
you know I don't panic on something like
this you know saying this is what I was
aiming for right here but it was a big
big fail do me gang I still hope you
guys like at least like it a little bit
and know that I tried my best to give
you guys a crazy chance but I didn't
want to really risk a crazy crazy one
because then you guys will go insane but
thank you guys so so much adieu me and
do me gang I've been chill over my
family chill my dad chill over my mom
with the kids having a great time and I
have some great great news right now if
you guys do not know a few months back
me you will cost Nicky Raji slim we're
all at San Francisco and we got robbed
in the bay our Airbnb got robbed someone
went inside and literally took
everything and this person was an actual
fan well this person he calls himself a
fan but he's not a fan and he's actually
hater because what fan would steal all
of our stuff like literally $25,000
worth of stuff why would you do it
no friend would do that but anyways do
me gang after months and months and
months of speaking with Airbnb speaking
with the police and everything that
happened in LA I got to keep this you
know confidential I can't let anyone
know like specific information but I
just want you guys to know because I'll
let you guys know on youtube I will not
bitch you guys right now the ending the
conclusion that Airbnb is fixing up the
issue and handling it's good news
everything is going great
I can't really say more information I
wish I wish I can but I can't do me gain
I really really can but I just want you
guys to know that it's good news it's
great news that having good laugh thank
you every V for helping us out thank you
to my lawyer mr. Edward Koch let me so
much my man thank you to do me getting
I'm gonna give it thank you stuff
because this is huge man it was so
devastating for us imagine getting like
all your stuff you know gone it's like a
horrible really horrible feeling but I
guess stuff happens and you got to be
careful especially when like you do
vlogs every day or if you stream or
something like that people out there
they're they'll do anything you know to
like ruin your life anyways yeah yes
that was it I'm happy it's great news
right now I wanna talk to you guys about
what I want to start doing I want to
start doing live streams but I don't
want to do like four night last year I
can do for my live streams here and
there I'm not really nice in like for a
night like I'm not really good like
ninja like myth or anyone out there I
want to start doing with live streams on
Twitch outside like in public like going
to Walmart having fun like a crazy chill
out like maybe two three times a week
for like a few hours you guys let me
know in the comments below
I might make my twitch today do me a
tonight might be the day I make twitch
so you guys give me a BA a couple ideas
what should I name my twitch I want you
guys to name my twitch let me know the
comments below what should I name my
twitch and I'll do it do me gang I'll
start my first ever twitch livestream
maybe with like a little for a night
because everyone plays for a night a
little gossip you don't say I got a lot
to say I could talk a lot so let me know
when it comes below should I mean my
twitch and then I said I'll do a lot
more switches outside like crazy public
switches because it's gonna get warmer
also do me yeah thank you guys once
again for sticking by me while
everything that's been going on thank
you guys for always giving the vlogs and
thumbs up thank you guys for always
commenting liking everything you always
do thank you
so so much let me know what do you guys
think I think will be really really dope
doing a twitch and just like you know
just going in going crazy you know
ratchet added by other just do it really
funny stuff you guys can even dare me to
do stuff so let me know I'll let you
guys know the exact day I'll do my first
ever twitch who knows it might even be
tomorrow Sunday or something like that
you go on bugging after tomorrow Sunday
today's Friday for you guys so let me
know that comes love do me I'm gonna end
the vlog here if you guys enjoys like me
give it a thumbs up and go turkey adieu
me gag thank you guys so so much
we're almost at 4 million subscribers I
should be Chanchala before my birthday
and we gonna turn that I love you guys
do me I ask you guys tomorrow take care
and peace I love
