hey guys what's up in Douma gang I hope
you were having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I'm starting
off the intro here in Harlem ma city not
Harlem in Amsterdam Harlem and and while
see I already know we all ear man I've
missed it so much I had a meeting in the
city today tax meeting man school taxes
man screw you Uncle Sam only like my
uncle Sal manner Uncle mostly no I'm
saying screw you Uncle Sam but seriously
do me yank the weather today is
beautiful I'm about to meet up with the
homie slim slim slim up my cousin we're
gonna do a little bit of bike riding
we're gonna have a lot of fun so do not
forget to subscribe and give this video
a big giant thumbs up I'm about to go
meet up so I'll see you guys in the next
shop do big egg
I just got a city bike man I met up with
a whole meet slippies Livi's in the back
slap how am I going to I miss you so
much miss hot splatter moment man no man
I know so much stuff has been going on
for like two weeks straight me slim
haven't had a slider moment so you know
what today we will have slot of boomers
man Maji yeah hi guys to me slim
we've been beefing man like and it's all
cuz of his game called for tonight so I
gotta get out of the work bro all that I
just take a thought that's all good in
the hood I'm gonna do something just for
that you starting beef and all that no
saying you're gonna do a crazy there up
there yeah there oh my god yep but first
I got a urgent phone call mom called we
said we have to go get Joe Mausers yeah
so slat oh it's gonna go pick up Jim
office
niggas crates let him go to move it come
on man we coming to get you we got you
man
show us your bullies show there's any
your crushes we got you may know is it I
will see you in a swing root of 27 77 77
see where I come from from lighter bites
man you got a phone I got a phone calls
like go pick up your mat cause I'm
coming up a bike coming to get you
hi how you doing Suzy that's good what's
so fake by something were you like this
broad now you're like this that's good
that's good
oh he won't see you you shut up
he's 27 see I drew man peace out we have
to leave right now they gonna school 90
don't do good all right man Thank You
Sony I see you
dogs are passing through they're about
to fight each other Lee grilling at each
other - like how our girls slim like yo
what you lookin at yeah I want to get a
dog so it can attack you brah I let it
fight it I'll let it fight you unless
you do my dear you there yeah you gotta
do my dear that I'm gonna tell you whoa
whoa 2017 I'll do the day you you know
I'm saying yeah yeah boy hundred dollars
if you do it but God have you crazy $100
27c hi guys so me a slim we finally came
up with there well I came up with his
dare for him because he looks like
reading women generated he looks like
he's wearing a costume you don't say
like a scream mask you know yeah but
seriously this isn't their eye you got
to do it you gotta do it I said take a
Snickers bar and water you chew up the
Snickers show up so much Snickers in
your mouth drink the water and just
pretend you're throwing up near any
person like a stranger they're all
priced to them not you
she was like don't throw you know it was
just flat go do it now get hurt yeah you
got you be coming up for 2017
that's a crazy they're out of honestly
you know it and pretty creative but
that's like you know crazy dad the price
goes up so that's not as Adam Heights
goes up but your voice goes up there
right there
you know what okay thumbs up I'll take
it out cash right now no cash right
that's really nothing I would say yes
right now you'll go get the Snickers of
water I'll go get the cash I'll get one
and get the cash you will help you with
the cash
get the Snickers around look at the cash
27th see if I guys I'm legit taking out
$1,000 in cash
I really hope slim is not drunk with me
and I really hope he doesn't I know he
is some is just a wild so much let's see
how it is thousand lost cash you can't
do this man straight out look boom boom
100 200 300 400 500 600 700 800 and then
ya know how to do the math all right
guys you can't pay to do this why not
make it look realistic keep chewing it
to it then a lot of water a lot of water
and then you throw in front of a few
strangers oh yeah look at this I don't
know who's they should you have
everyone's day out here slippers taking
pictures of okay perhaps some what you
got to do it again now cuz you're taking
pictures
that picture must've been funnier yeah I
throw up in your mouth like come on some
eats legs and do it out and I'm gonna be
5,000 you get paid to do this are you
complaining you're getting paid that's
not about to do it I'm dying over what
is he doing
what does his speaking wait I'll do it
these guys
he cleared the whole bug there's no pay
up boy
excuse me here hold the camera for me
just making a quick little bit so come
on I'm doing a video yeah
you know the good like you know thank
you so much quick where is it 32nd what
I'll get my guns I'm gonna give to the
right now money one two three four five
six seven eight nine that was not okay
you got it you got it man thank you guys
so much I appreciate you guys so much
I'll see you guys the next block I love
you guys take care and peace make sure
you give it a thumbs up and thank you
thank you thank you thank you go she's
amazing shelves the camera now I'll just
be an extra but yes ma'am
you just fake it man food on me Adam I'm
not with your money
what are you wrong I'm gonna take this
roll huh yeah you want to borrow yeah I
know yeah if you guys can win thousand
dollar suit from him guys
you know me guys well it's a bit safe
guys
now that's them did it they're taken I'm
gonna take out Adam with his own money
to going back before this dude $1,000
and still hey I can't leave you did that
I got someone down not market crash okay
I'm finally back home my legs are so
sore from riding the bike with slim bad
a crazy fun day do me gang if you guys
want a full video of it throwing up in
public video well it's not really
throwing Snickers and water if you guys
want a full video with that make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
and do me gang a lot of big
announcements are coming so and do not
forget the movie documentary that I have
that I filmed last year it should be out
real real soon just that someone passed
away in that movie so they had to add an
extra scene it's a really long story but
do me a trust me it will be worth it you
guys will love it so so much I cannot
wait also Ramadan it's coming through
you already know what I'm without it's
coming on without vlogs with the Addams
Family and new member of The Addams
Family and you guys have never ever seen
I never ever seen him yet but it's gonna
be a boy another Mawson he's gonna put
muscle on check and we also got the tour
the atom meets fousey tour that i cannot
wait for a I just ride the atom meets
pussy tour that I cannot wait for anyway
so do me hope you guys enjoy his black
for dead makes you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey do not forget to subscribe
but do me yeah I want you guys to
comment below what should I do when I
reach four million subscribers because
probably like a few weeks I should be in
4 million subscribers in Charlotte and I
want to do something crazy for you guys
do me anything crazy you guys let me
know the comments below what should I do
and I'll do it
oh yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
and take care and peace I love you I
love you and tomorrow I'm taking a
chance
