look I'm sorry I love you so so much the
best ever
I love all of your videos I'm from
Canada and I love you so much
please marry me oh my god my doll fell
let me get my baby one myself the vlog
tail oh my god she can't do this take
two take three
what are you doing here looking all
pimped out what are you doing here huh
you're reading fan letters you see you
next once you ready which one you read
first Rima why is it on the floor what
do mean someone wanted to marry me so
you gonna throw it on the floor yeah
don't you're not throwing my letters
these are my letters girl what if I do
marry out what's wrong with you let me
beat me up you ain't gonna beat no it up
girl she's gonna knock you out girl you
only thick's and a half I mean take a
nap okay hey it's cool your Barbie doll
girl but and is what you don't throw my
letters you and your little freaking
pink glasses you got on a girl you would
have knocked no one out girl school you
go back and read the other letters
matter of fact matter I get out of here
get out of here hey good idea
hey guys what's up and doomy gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I finally
got to do the intro because Rima she has
been taking over my blog and I felt like
I haven't said the intro for a hot
minute and if you guys are enjoying
these little mini skits that I put Rima
taking over my vlogs with give this vlog
it thumbs up and we'll do a lot more but
one thing about Rima is that she's too
feisty she's too sassy like she's
overconfident sometimes I mean in a good
way but when you mess it with kayo King
and calling yourself kayo Queen there's
an issue no I'm saying like I don't keep
you six girl not seriously I did the
funniest thing to me last night while
dream was asleep I recorded a quick
video of me in her room and doom like
these weird movements so I can show her
tonight
and let her know that a ghost was in her
room she's gonna be so let's get the day
started with first we're heading out to
go hang out with us and a Remo Moxon is
actually right here he got all his stuff
and he comes to me and makes me put it
on for him what do you want Muhsin are
you ignoring me huh you're putting on
the shirt in the wrong way
whenever he wakes up from a nap he never
wants to speak to anyone he's so grumpy
Monsta C hi look look at him he's just
he's trying so hard to put his jacket on
me but he can't look and the crazy thing
is he's that grumpy he doesn't even want
to ask me for help he doesn't want to be
like Adam can you please help me put on
my jacket
Muhsin say Adam please put on my jacket
he doesn't care he never gives up he
never gives
Marcin II know you put it on the wrong
way right here mustn't talk to me
wait who be ready to see ko King prank
master Adam is back to get Reema you
ain't no ko queen girl actually you are
you're my kill queen most of the crown
I'm gonna go get him a new beat don't
forget to give the video a thumbs up hey
go Turkey do not forget to subscribe
because I'm almost at 4 million
subscribers I'm gonna go say lets you
guys in the next chat I'm over you
Little Snitch huh why do you only switch
on me humming again there's all the guy
he's like huh give me because you me
kissing no and I want to take you
outside
rimas swollen hand got a little rap on
it cuz it's infected rimas always going
through so much just going over come on
let's go let's go the first thing that
happens you come to Walmart walks and
runs to the bike section and takes the
bike whereas you where is
oh you look at this dude okay
Watson Watson Watson I almost lost you
man he almost gave me a freaking mini
heart attack but what are you doing this
is not a plate okay it's not a
playground my G this ain't a playground
huh
what I'm gonna pick you up you're still
not gonna reach it's too short eastern
region I can't reach it either
I can't reach ammaji climb you literally
gonna just dude is risking his life to
get that scooter up there what are you
doing this huh guys like I'm a real
baseball player now ready ready
what is it oh my goodness I really don't
understand this kid man like hey mom
what's up with you yeah but like still
you never did this when you're younger
Who am I never did none of this like I
have to chase him around way look look
oh my goodness I'm Loki looking forward
to the other brother where you can put
Mawson on check awesome huh
I guess my sin is it the only one who
thinks it's a playground either you want
to buy the ball where's your money it's
close $10 now where's the money real
money I don't see money no this is not
play play money yo I had to take my Seng
out real quick what you want
he wasn't sit on my lap he doesn't want
to sit down and put on the seat boat why
want to sit on my lap because he doesn't
want to put on the seat bone that's why
sitting on my lap he knows the uber
driver is gonna say put on his new book
how many kids do you have well min oh
one dollar one boy oh I have five kids
six coming yeah he's one of them
it's three different mom three different
other do me gang I am back home it is
time and if you I'm gonna bring up Reema
I'm gonna tell her that was editing
yesterday's blog and then I stuck a
camera in her room to see there's ghosts
in the house cuz I felt like it was
haunted and I'm gonna Larry I see the
vlog and say that I accidentally saw a
ghost in her room a human ghost yeah
everyone's gonna freak the heck out
before we bring her up idumaean let's
get this wagon big giant thumbs up thank
you guys for the love and support you
guys always show and thank you guys so
much a lot of you guys were like Adam
your vlogs the past few days weren't
trash what are you talking about I
personally thought it was I could have
done better but you guys know my whole
situation with everything else going on
and I haven't missed a day like you know
I deserve a Guinness World Record Man
it's an achievement man every single day
you guys watch me thank you guys so much
into the game the videos right there
about to go get REME on let's see how it
goes one eternity later and it shows
that they really poor oh my god really
so I'm gonna tell you something give me
shut up okay I'll put a camera in your
room while you're asleep your must
embody God's mercy
what do you mean why would I do that
what do you mean put that why did he put
that Rima are you slow
we have to see this ghost we have to
make sure in the new house in our new
house if there's ghosts so happy but how
you tell these dago's remember upstairs
aunt else Oh haunted room I put a camera
in your room I'm talking about your room
I'll put a camera in your room you say
and while ending the vlog I'm gonna show
you okay ready
just don't be scared come on only six
and a half year big you can see just
just look look look look look
hey mom that's a human ghost it's a
human ghost his name is madam
sly oh yeah it felt like fladam no it's
not this shal Adam like an Arabic should
add that means take him away that there
might be another one in there maybe
should leave mom this one shall Adam you
see it again watch it watch it again you
didn't see the freaking hand there what
do you want to do now what are we
supposed to do there's a freaking ghost
in our house we have a ghost in the
house let me call the police what the
please gonna do what do you want to see
with me today yeah I'm scared myself
I'm scared myself because why I'm just
scared of the ghost you know what I'm
not sleeping here today I'm gonna sleep
outside are you with me yeah let's go
sleep outside come on let's go go get
some go get stuff ready go yo to me she
went to the room to get his stuff ready
Rema hello what are you doing huh why
but even gonna go to the old house
Marvin don't be scared just just just
sleep with two eyes open why try it out
try to see but two eyes open try why
Reema can I say something
don't pack just don't pack in a way
because that was me in the video
actually it's a real ghost it's a real
ghost in there I'm joking
it was my head look man look at my hand
look want to make sure I'll get checked
go make sure go make sure while I'm
leaving oh I'm joking I'm joking
Reema like it's nothing in here like
nothing
told you told you you're not killed
Queen letting me kill Queen you killed
cleaner kale Queen quick she's killed
Queen she's mr. clean
