happy drivin huh you want to win he was
doing tell me what happened what
happened hey guys what stopped you do me
yank I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day it is a
beautiful day at do me Gagan NYC the
weather is finally getting so much
better I feel like I'm holding my job
right now hey I'm heading to the
basketball courts right now hamza he
wants to play me for my easy so as you
guys know I'm giving away most of my
sneakers I'll be telling you guys more
about it today he wants to play me in a
game of one-on-one for one of my pairs
of Yeezy gamers 11 I'm gonna give him 7
points so all he needs is 4 points to
beat me and get the easy 4 points and I
need 11 do me gag do not forget to give
this back it thumbs up and do not forget
to subscribe because it to me gank we
almost got 4 million subscribers it's
almost there pretty windy though I never
been to this court so i'ma let's look
for it I'm running let's go and do me
yeah I had to pop up in my crib because
Rima and say ya told me to come through
and take them to the park with me was
supposed to be just me and Hamza Moxon
doesn't want to go to the park look at
this man I'm so surprised he's saying no
and he's only saying no because he wants
to spend time a long time with you now
look at that look good Muslim Muslim
look he's running away Mawson Dina do I
go to park why Dina do you want to go to
the park why you want to say with Mawson
are you gonna come to the park with us
or no yeah well now you want to go oh
okay
you really think you know and Easy's
yeah Jamel what up man I doing who he
thinks gonna win mere Hamza mataji man
even if you got 5 points 7 points you
have 7 points I got 0 game is 11 who's
gonna win me your hands up do you really
you really think how you think Holly you
think house is gonna be me oh she beat
you down Russell
oh my she beat you to arm-wrestle yes
the no way yes yes
looks like
Lisak Jimenez losing what oh my god
pretty much what that I'm surprised I
thought you know why are you making
excuses for come on let's go or misawa's
you putting him on the spot I'm looking
for Remo but Dina Dina Dina I miss you
so much
so just give me a hug look who's coming
always with her everywhere you go you
look like a girl firetruck and man my
girl okay I'm just saying you look like
a girl firetruck you should dress huh
you're a doctor
I got a safe and jamadar bet they have
armwrestling match one - oh wow but
understandable Japan is Japan is like
three years 0.34 years old in high well
you guys ready what are you doing one
two go give me the cheetah get my tits
down the middle
start in the middle one two three go oh
she's not tired she's not she's good
she's good come on Reba
rimas not gonna get hurt she's good
Mira come on we're gonna take the W come
on okay it's a tie it's at a time did I
yeah Bruce we're really oh so that means
you could beat you then Oh master Bruce
Deena let's do that is it denied once
they come hi guys Jemile beats AF but
then after that Jamel and Remo were
actually at I the room adds a bruised
hand you could you supposed to easily
beat here man what that get how does
that thinks about what's holding and
pushing the door oh yeah but still I can
you know what another match in a week
ready one two three go wow I'm done it's
like we're having a family arm wrestling
match such a snit what happened what
ready huh you want to win he wants to
win happen tell me what happened what
happened tell me you wonder win yeah but
you have to be strong
are you want to come play come okay cool
Boston is a winner I he's gonna play
Deena because that's probably the only
person who can stop you wretch it
must've cracks me up man he snitches and
he cries like a little brat Stella what
happen you want to win okay you gotta
try harder
stop your letter of 2018 okay okay come
on let's go let's go let's go
Rima Deena you can't touch to his dinner
you can you now on one hand one hand
under only one hand both you guys
today was so sweet for letting mustard
on Muhsin you won you won you won
Deena Robin huh Muhsin why you're not
playing with Deena give her a big hug
Deena give me because yeah tell him
sorry say sorry and give you to the hug
too
she's not gonna give you a big hug she's
not gonna give you no big hug give me a
big hug marcin what are you everything
goes get back get back you miss to get
us with you I who's gonna battle next
San Remo this whole video attached to
our family armwrestling mad
oh yeah that's pretty little let's see
it come on thumbs up one we imagine
outcome ARIMA Jamel come on what oh my
god he's all talk with his vegan yes
okay you know what demands mean you got
a box bro you can't be all talk like
that yeah no I mean I'm hold the camera
and still beat you up and I will good
luck it ready set go
you gonna get to wait a ready set go
oh my you gotta get you a whale on you
max you'll have all you guys verse to me
come on oh wait let me get ready for
this man oh my god man what you must
know I actually can't believe I just
beat all you guys in it game up man okay
guys internally right now buddy Dan
Watson they're having a really big
argument about who won who won who won I
think oh my god who won
he's crying
huh you guys are fighting about who won
both of you guys won
no no but you win
you know muscle come marchin Edina come
Quebec see collection any touching
coming we both you guys come whole each
other's hands come come come muscle look
okay look you won and do you know you
also on both of you guys won both of you
guys are winners give each other hugs to
the ends put up high you guys won say we
won we won we won we won we won come on
now you guys watch other yeah come on do
it cuz I'm Adam Saleh you already know
I'm the roastmaster who won who won now
give each other hug oh and a big kiss OH
let's go let's go
you
Oh
Amen I love Ellie
