who's there
who's me what are you wearing huh what
how are you wearing let me see what what
do you know what that says do you know
what that says no it doesn't say hat
you're three you should know what that
says oh my goodness man what does it say
his duty know what here get your hat and
go right along over there okay bye do me
gig I didn't want you guys to see my
face I don't know what to say oh my god
guys I'm gonna reveal it to you guys
like my whole head and face and
everything but I'm uh I just need to
explain to you guys why I did this I
mean it's not a big deal but supposed to
like grow my hair for like a good year
or so but I became impatient I haven't
touched my hair what you want huh what
say please
okay come you said please how are you my
how you doing what are you doing
can do split the see you split ready so
as I was saying I haven't got a haircut
or nothing for like three to four weeks
since before Saudi Arabia I've never
touched my hair I only touched my beard
okay so the first thing I'm gonna show
you guys is my beard okay I don't know I
feel like I feel like I messed up or
something oh you guys ready ready set go
nothing does look different yeah I'm
gonna go all the way just like some of
it yeah yeah I try to make it a little
different really how does it feel weird
you feel good or not a big beard yes
what's better a big beard or like a
beard like this it feels like scrunchie
and something I need to show you guys my
head I told you guys I'm not gonna touch
my head my top mad my hair for like a
year but a do me day I did a mistake a
big mistake I don't know I just wanted
to grow my whole hair out like her dad
like eight kicks I'm so impatient
so I decided to get a little that's your
dad no it's not it's my dad
that's my dad my dad my dad my dad my
dad my dad my dad yeah all right guys
don't be mad at me all right because I
don't know I just get bored and I go to
the barbershop and I try to fix myself
up for you guys I it looks normal but
it's just yet I'll show you guys like
that like this whatever take off my hair
you take it off take it off oh my god oh
my god yes just just no a normal haircut
I guess that looks nice on you what yes
to do me I pretty much just got like the
normal haircut
I'm gonna go my hair like this instead I
can't grow my hair like the way I try to
have anyways do me act one thing I hate
about me moving here is that it's so
hard to get to the city during rush hour
which is right now it takes around an
hour and a half to get to the city
without rush hours like 3040 minutes I
have a meeting with the worst thing ever
which is the tax tax I hate you tax
thumbs up if you hate taxes man because
I hate taxes with a passion this is why
I want to move to Dubai or the Middle
East where they do just 5% tax like over
here in America is like and the UK so
much taxes and the money goes to like
like dumb stuff man like so yes I have
to go to the city and it's gonna take me
around an hour and a half I'm gonna see
what cost there Freemont Watson I know
what you guys like when you guys come
back from school they always expect me
to take them out stuff cuz I always do
but I'm not I'm sorry to have a meeting
I have a meeting Reema what I mean don't
go to the meeting
it doesn't care you don't care no no you
don't care you make Reema do all the
work and you know talk and stuff yeah
huh sorry what should I do that's like
me telling you just don't go to school
can you do that no no you can't she did
it once before now she thinks she can do
it whenever
we have to do me a hope you are having
an amazing a because I'm having an
amazing it do we get I just want to show
you guys my new look that I have my hair
my beard and I'm uh yeah I don't know
you guys let me know any new looks you
guys want me to do let me know the
comments below or on Twitter and do me
good anyways I got to go ahead to my
meeting so I'll see you guys after my
meeting with Vikas Reema Muhsin what do
you guys do when you see this what do
you guys do huh
let me see you guys Crayola yeah let's
go let's go Muhsin you two go let's go
kids
don't forget your prayers however you
guys pray don't forget your prayers you
know saying alright Siri man knows how
to pray Marcin you're not supposed to
look alright he's supposed to put you
Watson your right hand goes here okay
good job
it's too look can we just just fall in
whatever he sees his sister does confuse
it do me gank I just got done with the
meeting I met up with the homie what
kind of cut I like it look it like
you're not I like I feel like I got a
big head no yes Ellis does look cute no
no but you know you know it's gonna be
cute you do in your bunk it was finished
alveoli styling needle oh my god you had
a little thing no no you know that
they've been waiting for so long it's
all you it's Adam it's Sheila coming up
let him know it's Eli coming out who she
loved me you're Sheila I'll be Sheila
they know what I'm talking oh yeah I got
a parent Lee I'm gonna be a new I'm
gonna be a Bollywood star named Sheila
and I'm gonna do Bhangra in the streets
of NYC the VQ oh my god I'm gonna be a
girl oh my god I'm getting something too
so it's the same you know why haven't
you done it it's cause of the weather
the war mother's coming up so we gotta
do anything it's warmer yeah for sound
and watch see doing it unit square let's
do it let's do it boy anyways about to
go at you right now see you guys in the
next night shop when you gonna get
married
we're the same age of 24 you right here
you know we notice um on me it will cost
we're like 24 we're here chillin with
pig drink and everyone out there like
getting pregnant and like just getting
married everybody tell the other thing I
want to get married at 23 yeah well now
we're not born like nine closely
that's so weird what the heck so you
look at Mira I got you I know yeah I got
you right there so girls I'm crazy
what's your name to get married down so
good
you got me marry guys find the class
white and I texted my over there I took
some overdrive saying I think you're
cute Nikki with Nikki was in there What
did he say Nikki I was like oh look back
and say hi he put a thumbs-up row
he put a thumbs up to me yeah I am in
the hospital right now the hospital
bathroom I didn't get to vlog much you
guys cuz it has been a crazy crazy day
me a monster see I just got in trouble
it's like 3:00 a.m. arena I got in
trouble for sleeping inside the
patient's bed well there was no patient
there but I just decided to knock out
and they came
dumi gang it is like 7:00 8:00 in the
morning right now I just got home I was
recording something in the hospital I
wanted to show you guys and vlog for you
guys how I've been sleeping every single
night sure so you guys do not understand
I got you sustained in the nursing home
with my dad and I was gonna tell you
guys a funny story how I was on the
patient's bed I was trying to go to
sleep and then the doctor came in she
thought I was one of the patients she's
about to put my high blood pressure on I
don't know what you call it that thing
where they check your high blood
pressure and then she looked at me she's
like what the heck you're not a patient
here what are you doing that's wrong you
shouldn't be doing this and then my dad
defended me he was like let them sleep
let them sleep I don't know it was just
a funny weird story I wanted to share
with you guys and I wanted to show you
guys I wanted to give you guys the
experience and give you guys the image
how I've been there so if you guys still
do want to see it let me know in the
comments below and tomorrow when I go
there I'll probably charge my camera and
like for you guys there because
literally I'd be so so bored I'm just
staring with my dad
talking but it gets so boring after a
while so I'd rather vlog for you ask for
a bit my dad is getting a bit better
have good luck still keep him in your
periods dumi yang thank you guys so so
much you guys do not know what I'm
Alana's coming soon and new baby is
coming soon within a month he's two
things are coming so I'm so so excited
and doomy getting also if you guys have
not gotten your tickets make sure you
guys get your tickets Adam eats pussy
calm
we're going to Australia Sydney
Melbourne we are going to Indonesia
Singapore Malaysia we are going to the
UK a lot of cities in the UK so make
sure you guys get your tickets also I
know yesterday I'm supposed to put up
the pole for my merch I'm gonna be
putting it up today instead so stay
tuned for that do me cuz I'm only gonna
get exclusive amount made so I'm a few
guys enjoyed this vlog I'm Andy here
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I'm gonna go to sleep and
probably wake up like two or three you
put up the vlog for you guys and
probably go back to sleep and then wake
up again there's so much stuff that's
been going on I'm sorry I try my best to
give you as a vlog to entertain you guys
every single day I really hope you guys
understand I love you guys take care of
do me yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
and Pete I love
