people who got called out for lying up
let me wash it watch this this is what
happens when I start the intro and I
start the vlog in the Adams family house
I hope you all this Monse I hope you all
beautify beautiful Peaks my beautiful
I'm with the family I'm trying to learn
how to like a bunny what are you doing
okay I think my girlfriend of the week
is to learn how to do that dance
to do what oh my goal of the loo so what
if I said go crazy oh yo what the hell
you said we try to copy ma masala or
Baba Sonic ma what's up egg yo superb
name she comes to enroll oh okay okay
I said good mattes AF they already told
you guys what they think but how does
inhalants what would you guys think if I
had a girl for me I don't know it'll be
weird I like what what are your thoughts
to be what you would improve oh my god
someone
thank you also do me don't you guys to
remember that I'm still like staying
home while my dad is in the hospital so
the vlogs are not like my best my
favourite is just me literally be
ratchet and chilling at home like this
right now guys do me and this is the
weirdest bathroom in my house so I have
three bathrooms my house but this one I
feel like is the weirdest one because if
you're taking a poop you can look at the
window and see like the backyard look so
you looking literally poop here and if
you look this way you can see that he
started eating chips would you ever keep
going keep them I think say F and D
they're out of there just fill it up
with water on your face damn it where is
he
oh my god you saw there
Oh
Oh guys I'm here right now it was back
Siddhant Sam the neighbor stuff but I'll
coast vaccine is back - okay is okay
another guy's terrible dog's back since
luggage and horrify that was their fault
okay just cuz they're bullying my name
heimo let's go we took the W man elves
taking a little bit Aldus people who got
called out for lying let me watch this
video Sniper Wolf just uploaded a video
this is at sea hallo wait that's the
video where I was in Australia and there
was this trend going on on YouTube where
people were smuggling themselves from
one place to another rice gum did it
Logan Paul did it but when I did it the
airlines somehow reply and then they
were like oh my god
you didn't really go inside we have
footage of you and in my head I'm like
what the hell this was like a trend you
guys know me whenever I'm on tour I'll
prank you guys I did so many pranks on
you guys did like the fans slap and
prank and this one I was gonna pop up in
a show with my luggage but somehow this
went like all over the internet like the
airline called me out saying I wasn't
true obviously was it when I do it's an
issue but when other youtubers do as so
many other youtubers have done it and to
everyone that was sweet of me telling me
oh my god Sniper Wolf called you out
enough for that YouTube drama enough for
that drama people calling who out I
don't think she was calling me out she
seems like a really nice girl and I
already know what she's about to say
she's probably gonna read something it
was like an article where I showed
people who got called out and it just
seemed funny because the airline like
they called me out and they had a
picture of me going inside of the plane
so I guess that's why I was pretty funny
but to everyone who knows me and ratted
eyes and do me again you guys know this
was like a year year and a half ago for
my show in Australia so let's see what
Snape wolf has got to say let's see
obviously I know they check in obviously
it's like impossible for anyone to do
that I mean I think it's probably
possible but it's really dangerous to do
that and it's really dumb to do that but
I told ya it wasn't true and when the
airline tweeted that it just made it
seem like it was crazy insane and it
looked funny because the airline was
trying to come at me but yeah sue me I
decided to watch this video I don't know
just to see what was going on since a
lot of you guys are tweeting me saying
oh my god just because someone our
youtuber mentions me doesn't mean
they're like calling me out or trying to
like kill me so I guess entertainment
purposes I guess you shouldn't do a
video of calling out I don't know what
Google thinks she's reading it's YouTube
guys it's alright I mean you could
mention me all you want sniper off any
other youtuber you guys can mention me
all you want I would never take anything
the wrong way cuz I just I just feel
like he's YouTube like you know you just
speaking behind the camera like if you
really about it you know I don't see it
now I'm joking with Cersei yeah I think
everything is just for entertainment
purposes like don't take anything parsh
she's not trying to come at me she's not
trying to like you know violate me
anything like that so I'm not yeah I
don't even know what to say here do me I
hope you guys enjoyed like if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and do me getting I'll see you
guys tomorrow
someone is behind what the hell SAP come
give out come before I have a blog I
want you guys to see something really
really funny let me see come and give me
their phone I'm getting a gym as phone
right now okay juh man is eight years
old and I'm gonna show you guys a combo
that he has with this eight year old
cousin so it's so funny man birthdays in
two days Oh your birthday's in two days
April nights once you have your early
birthday what do you want for your
birthday
Wade over this year what do you want a
dirt bike a Playstation so what do you
want on your birthday hi guys watch this
is the funniest convo ever so Jim at is
eight housing eight Shane is 8 years old
he just got phone juh man had his phone
when you were like what 7 yeah when he
was 6 turned 7 I don't know I has an
iPhone 7 at the age of 67 but um ah yeah
but it's whatever it's all good he's
he's demands the bro smash
now he's turning eight nicer no oh you
nice to your nighttime trip it that's
the Toastmaster all right so this is the
combo okay so hit so hey you got his
phone and he texted of saying hey it's
Mesa hey your cousin's Jamel replied I
know that you are my cousin hey call me
and say hey those like it what is it
I can't cool I have no more minutes so
you call me okay where are you and Jim
as like at home he's like well call me
now Wi-Fi is not working call you later
bye oh okay bye that's the most awkward
but the cutest comment was good keep up
but do your homework right stay school
whatever you do alright as ago did he do
me
wow you took that inform an amusing
rejection I'm about to go through his
phone man let me see you eat Angela's
find people under somebody do it and
let's not go to probe Loggins I don't
find you like three thanks but do be gay
we're in the vlogs you guys enjoy the
vitamin miss doubled up I go do me Jake
thank you so much I will see you guys
tomorrow take care and so close the
format so subscribe subscribe subscribe
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you I love
you doing I love you you know you give
me kiss
