howdy Hank savage a no cowboy is back
what's up I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day do me a reason why I'm wearing
this cowboy thing I don't know if you
guys seen the video of the yodeling
video the kid I was like I don't know
you overlay yeah anyways there's a warm
little around my crib there's so many
Walmarts around mark if you guys want me
to do my version of the yodeling in
Walmart thumbs up this video and I will
do it do me a thumbs-up 30,000 times up
in our yodel inside Walmart down snap
adieu Mike savage
Adam also I think happens it's cooking
so do me see you guys in next shot will
cook us something after that something
Crazy's gonna have it to the Adams
family let's do it alright guys so this
video is sponsored by blue apron you
guys already know I'm trying to get that
healthy body for the summertime you know
what I'm saying
let me him too and blue apron is perfect
for your goals to eat healthy and to
cook more at home check someone hey give
me give me give me give me give me hey
blue apron allows you to create
delicious and chef design recipes at
home Oh blue apron literally delivers
everything all the fresh ingredients
right at your doorstep yep you know this
keeps it fresh you know saying and they
give you the right amount so you don't
have to waste you know much ingredients
they offer two different types of plans
the two-person plan and a family plan
and there is now eight recipes to choose
from every week and you can choose from
any combination of recipes you like
these are the recipes right here they
even have middle-eastern chicken
chickpea salad you already know I'm
Middle Eastern so I'm probably going to
choose that I'm gonna make it Middle
Eastern chicken chickpea salad which is
right here I got the ingredients you
guys can see the ingredients right here
you know I got the chicken chicken
breast chickpeas garlic carrots and
brown rice let's do it
I'm actually cooking let's go
hey even houses cooking it's looking
good boy looking good
yo a doobie gang this is 30 minutes
later it's actually better than what I
expected
cuz I feel like a real cook I feel like
a true cook look this is what me and
Hamza made and look at that Victor oh my
god oh this is amazing they literally
tell you every detail the seasoning it
makes you seem like a real real cook
which is amazing I think it's all by
myself my wife is gonna be so happy wife
girl but if you happy you will be
healthier maybe cook you some food you
know what I'm saying but let's try it
out and let some more see how it goes
that's a clip I like Mama's like what
are you doing you're gonna burn the
house like ma come down to see this Hey
all right do it
mmm Wow
oh my god and it tastes so healthy like
with the carrots the chickpeas this is
amazing rose do it seriously blue apron
make it out in the link down below the
first 50 people will get $40 off blue
apron so make sure you guys check it out
if do me gang it is the next day right
now I just got back from visiting my dad
from the hospital I was with them all
night hamdullah he's getting a little
bit better but right now it do me a as I
told you guys I told the Adams family to
sleep with two eyes open I don't forget
off the man he should have never started
something they can't finish well
actually I started it but they should
have never tried to finish something
that I started because if I start
something I should finish it too but a
Dooney gang this is what I'm gonna do
most of our family or scattered around
sleeping around the house we have like
air mattresses and stuff like that so I
don't even know who I'm gonna get right
now it all depends on like who's
sleeping the most I don't know so we're
gonna see how it goes over it's not that
the most I'm gonna take their bed out
and put it outside so they can wake up
outside instead of inside and we'll see
their reaction man I told him sleep with
two eyes open it but let's see let's see
what's up man I need to make sure
everything is cut the coast is clear
I guys I do not see hamsa do not see to
man well I see SAF Campina I don't want
to get Dino man I want to get se up how
do you see it see why I need your help
was praying in someone say F you can
help you know yeah I need you to move
Tina that's the way just pick up damn it
as quiet as you can hey don't run this
routine now don't give me clutch
she's knocked out good job
it's at my board it's a mine from you
else
Oh
even though that's like five ten seconds
that was hilarious look isn't it you two
yeah I told you to sleep with two eyes
open my G okay don't break the whole
house please wait 81 grams still
breaking this to eight what are you
doing chef come on come on man come on G
you you took my phone models asleep huh
okay you're looking for Deena over there
Deena's here like let me show you come
Deena's here huh so I wanted to get you
and not dealer like a dealer she's
sleeping over there I'm so mad at me
right now be handled it well he had it
really well you guys enjoyed that doing
about to go meet up with somebody I
haven't seen him so so long to me gig I
would slowly slim yes oh my god it's
freezing it is so so potent Simon how's
Callie bro you know I just want to say I
heard you guys took an elven I don't
know you talk about I don't slip Caius
provide its Rajee all in the team oh my
I'm a shout-out to everyone
well you know what happens because I
came late and they didn't start me oh my
not starting meeting them get blowing on
the beginning and when I came in they
came back they came after two points and
I thought when I let out of the game we
lost like 20 oh my god once I got the
game so that's the solution you know I'm
saying my own man I wish I was there so
yeah I miss out so much like I don't
know everybody miss you to everyone
everyone yeah everything oh it was
asking about you it was pretty feudal
man like I'd be slim and Esau I want to
show you I don't show he's a hoax but
yeah so we're gonna see him right now
and I'm on yeah see you guys in next
show
do me gang I am back home I got to
finally hang out with slim we caught up
I've been so busy with my dad so I
couldn't even see my close friends but
so so long but it was so so good say
what's up with them hug you're my best
friend I miss you guys so much much I
love my dad feels better and I can come
out and showed you guys especially that
spring and summertime is coming out also
to me gonna be checking more of the pure
box stuff and I will be doing my 4 9
video this weekend because ribbon must
and they're finally coming back I miss
them so so much to make sure I stay true
that if you guys have it make sure you
guys get you torts against we don't
coming soon Australia Indonesia
Singapore Malaysia you guys are first
and after that he's gonna be then you
okay I cannot cannot wait be ready
because we not to something to do me yet
if you guys enjoyed this vlog make sure
give it a thumbs up and go turkey Tamil
on is coming soon also so I cannot wait
the new baby's coming soon the dooming
hang so much it's coming so I really
can't wait for you guys to look forward
to that because I was looking forward to
that it's gonna be a lot of amazing
stuff happening stay tuned and do me a
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
