hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
this is before her hair I got to fix it
up ready ready okay
this is after okay Deena so first of all
I wanna say thank you so much for
yesterday you didn't want me to get
pranked so why didn't you want me to get
pranked
why because what do you want to stay
with me oh that's why that's why but
thank you so much seriously I'm gonna
approach the kids after I fix your hair
and tell them why do they want to prank
me yesterday but don't worry Deena
you're a superstar okay are you a
princess you know you're not a princess
well then what are you you're what
you're a girl firetruck what's that you
want to be a firefighter yeah it do me
gang she doesn't want to be a princess
she wants to be a firefighter is he very
good yeah I don't even know what she
said no I didn't know how fix it right
but come on do me game you guys
subscribe and give this video a thumbs
up and go turkey do me a let's get the
blog started come on go to the kids it's
going to the kids come so if you guys do
not know do me hang in yesterday's vlog
the kids and Yusuf they all prank me
well I don't think it's a prank they
just put my phone inside a bottle and it
kind of it was kind of clever I'm
hanging live but I'm uh I'm gonna
approach him today and tell them what
lighting so crazy
and I'm gonna tell them what they did
was wrong and what Deena did was right
they forced her to prank me Deena did
you prank me yesterday
who what are you after you guys with
downstairs what are you guys doing here
no no me downstairs a mindful I have a
question for you guys seriously so why'd
you guys get me back um ah yes said in
yesterday's video huh serious I got a
serious question why'd you guys get me a
city because you know you guys first of
all I am unbreakable second of all that
was even a prank you guys just put my
phone inside a coca-cola bottle
third of all sleep with one eye open you
guys started something and dad didn't do
that you're gonna do that
dad doing it that there there give me
back my key back my hat this dude always
it's like my biggest pet peeve when
people throw my hat look I just told you
you guys started something you can't
finish sleep like sleep with one eye
open the do me a I'm letting you guys
know this beforehand they started you
know may even my future wife I'm telling
you man to my future wife I will get you
like like like in a cute way though like
in like a romantic way after respect
right so sit down sit down sit down
what are you doing huh why'd you hear
your uncle Adam huh stop stop stop guys
both yesterday I'm gonna have to bring
this super Arab nanny real real soon
she's gonna come earlier than you guys
thought do you not she's my princess
right you know oh so mom my my girl
firetruck yes she's my girl firefighting
Anna Sui no no no no
accent apology stop stop stop
you don't do that you know okay so I
been ratchet get back come on both you
guys get back we're gonna leave go
downstairs come on the savage keep going
keep going
oh man what they do not want to do is
mess with Tina she little cheated I came
back upstairs for you guys seriously
Heinlein and happens I have a question
for you guys um why'd you guys um prank
me use the view to Maji Youssef you too
you too huh
you're not the camera man look I already
told them they should sleep with one eye
open
now you guys look seriously I'm gonna
have a list and each and every single
one you guys are on that list I'm
telling you guys I swear do we look stay
sleeping with two hours open matter fast
even with two eyes open man okay and how
does that cover your stomach Raji
you know that your formats pregnant
sleep with one eye open I'll see you
guys love you afternoon yeah see was
when I opened my jeez okay goodbye
so a lot of you guys have been asking
where's Reema where's Martin they're in
their cousin's house they won't be here
it's like another few days so I'm uh
yeah I miss them I miss them so much too
but it's all good in the hood the rest
of the house family are here my dad is
still in the hospital I just want to say
thank you guys once again you're still
keeping him in your prayers he is
leaving the hospital and going to a
nursing home because now he has to learn
how to walk yes the doom again he
doesn't know how to walk right now he's
really really weak so insha'Allah he
learns how to walk and gets better and
get stronger it comes back home and
hopefully B's in the vlogs few weeks
from now so stay tuned the duma guy
cannot cannot wait but yes i do we yeah
Yousef was telling me about something I
don't know what's called copying I've
never heard in my life seriously I've
never heard of Cuffy and I looked it up
and it's like bloody stuff but like your
back I don't know just bloody scary
stuff but he told me that it's really
good therapy or something like that I
think I'm gonna go for the first time
ever so I'm getting the stuff that I do
for the vlog
oh my god oh my you do sit you sit
Yusuf Joseph Yusuf will you whack us oh
yeah what's up my G I got a question for
you
what is copping man is that way can't
explain the oil the company's basically
where they do like they take bad blood
oh is it gonna hurt or not no actually
it hurts a little bit but it's also like
particular so why is it looks all
painful man like the pictures that I've
seen of copying like so so painful
um no I just look spam black tried it
before actually is it good to do yeah
and you feel like guys man like I don't
know what Yusuf's taking you somewhere
you take me bro thank you today unless
like we go into the woods now and I know
like no cuffing or something like
nothing they need a whaling would you
know I'm counting on you man yeah you're
gonna like it
after am I gonna survive after you get
the cup and you're gonna be like real
like in a field much better all right
sounds good we'll see how it goes
Lucy hi so medias that were pulling up
to this place that we're doing like this
cupcakes but unless like a house man
thirsty man wait why are you taking me
man this bar I get kidnapped man like my
family kidnapped
all right man we're going this is this
is the weirdest thing ever
he says where you taking me og just
starting that process bro
scared little kilo scared like bleeding
you're like I don't trust these people
or not and so that's like instantly
helps to create this is like the secret
to being healthy and like
- rrah I feel good
thanks right so really good no drugs no
sadly Wow how's it looking looks crazy
Wow
spider-man but do me a look at this you
guys ready this is what yeah alright
guys Yousef got his leg let me see yeah
you have to see how do you feel another
light that's good
hi guys do me yank I decided to show the
reaction I mean I wanted to see the
reaction of my family that's ready yeah
I got hurt
hey my bag yeah seriously like I'm so
anxious you guys ready sure it's kind of
like explicit is like not that crazy
how does if I'm looking at like your
pepperoni is it what that yeah it's like
bacon turkey baby has to do me guess
what to say that feels so much better
this was like a good it was a good
therapy man I would recommend the
awesome stuck to stay like this I have
to stay like this like 10 days sama yeah
you guys are gonna see pepperoni back so
I'm gonna end the vlog here if you guys
make sure give it a thumbs up and go do
bas you got some more take care
