he's on a home
don't worry Adam be the body yet Frank
all right guys so we stole has a plug
camera they were getting getting him
really good I know you got you guys with
print right that was Kurt I was watching
that Franken I was dying the whole print
but guys guess what today we're gonna
get it back
alright guys so I need you guys to be
quiet all right you guys to guys be
quiet cuz everybody's doing a crazy
rager prank Adam right now it's sleeping
in his dad's room we're all sleeping
over in the crib he's been sleeping in
his dad's room for the past few days so
this is a part of the prank we gotta
keep him safe he has to be asleep for us
to do it yeah we're taking away yo yo
and do we squat yo yo yo like this video
right now like the video before you're
pregnant you guys got any words for
anyway so after the prank I'm gonna come
and smack them in the face like it
tasted good Blaine said it's gonna what
boy didn't want me what comes around
wait what comes around goes around goes
around calm down yeah do you know about
the prank Adam what do you want telling
no you want to prank him Lena's the most
it is someone over here we're like
trying to prank Adam and get him yes can
you say yes guys keep get do any prayers
yeah last shot for you can do chocolate
feels better it comes happier and comes
out of the house I mean
when he could be better and nobody sick
again look he can know you can stumble
to the hospital yeah alright guys get
this hey is it all right guys so I
didn't even explain to you what this
prank is so what we're gonna do with
this combo drink it no you guys what
we're gonna do is we're gonna have to
get rid of this coke right so how does
that you drink air or something
wait so what we're gonna do is gonna
empty this bottle and then we're gonna
cut it in half besides it's a block
camera right yeah put the soap in that
put his phone and then what you got hums
a super glue at that super glue we're
gonna glue it back and his phone's gonna
be stuck in here and then we're gonna
put it back next time we gonna said I'll
alarm it this is gonna be crazy he's
gonna be a crazy prey he's gonna wake up
with his phone inside of the coke so
kung fu is like what the hell is going
on all right guys so let's get a started
guys let's go
Adams inside sleeping now but let's go
get it done let's go guys let's go let's
go
what come on say yeah alright go to
bathroom here yet
alright guys so the first thing we got
to do is get rid of the cold so let's
get rid of the cold times that it's your
job right there there's a 2 liter coke
come on keep going come on come on come
on hey hey come on drink something well
we need to finish that whole thing and
we can't let it go to waste you know why
cuz ha ha you can't throw some that's
good people need that once a have you up
this is crazy we're doing all this just
a prank Adam ten minutes later finish it
come on finish I broke what damn bro yo
2 liters so what used to people on it
watch all right cut it cut it cut it
kids stay back all right let's move up
at this point all right this guy's that
bag you guys thinking
all right guys we got half of the print
then what's the next body guys yeah go
get Shawn there's a big mission set the
phone is right next in so you can't wake
him up all right
can't we come up Seth guys
yes guys be quiet all right I'm quiet
quiet let's go see
what else
guys be quiet guys
right there
and I was fast cold it's just birthday
no birthday expiration date with that
what about the other greatest prank of
all time let's say alarm right now for
five minutes so we're gonna have five
minutes to do this damn prank so we're
gonna put it in here and then we're
gonna crazy glue it again be the same or
visit the hall right now all right guys
I just set that alarm by want to make
sure that the sound is long it's out in
the zone
oh my god
hilarious are we gonna do this what is
it cleaning this mess for me this is a
robber he picked up so we're gonna pick
it back with the help getting it or
watch it
alright guys we got a minute into the
time we pick offense
alright fast and quiet can't get quite
come in come in come in
I guess be like
what the hell oh yeah I'm a dip mm or
apiece you said give me not yo take you
care about all my camera come on oh no
you me tonight don't bro yo
- my penis it's not giving me because a
kid is a prank roll with a prank I'm
just praying is the prank bro I need my
phone uses guys I found the name you
idiot
baby I don't don't stop your phone bro
why is he cutting it again why is he
cutting it again
thumbs up hope you guys enjoyed the
print we're gonna see you in smiles blog
it's okay
