what's up hi
hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day yes that's
what I want to see every time I said
intro you always smiles you always give
me do like you smoke come on give me
that smile yes
jeez guys we have a special guest here
my craft he is my cousin he is my best
friend he is my other half the one the
only slimmy guys we're leaving to the
Middle East literally in three days
three days we're going to the Middle
East me and the homies slim it's gonna
be an amazing amazing time so make sure
you guys come through Adam Sala tour.com
can't wait to see you guys we can't wait
to leave the weather from here it's sooo
cold over here can we go to the Middle
East nice warm weather I know it's gonna
be little we won't make some bacon
videos up there - so we're gonna be
filming a lot and we'll be meeting you
guys here you cold it's gonna be a slat
of adventure I'm bringing my mic so we
got a makeup for the videos we did I but
we tried to do videos here but the
battery died so bad bro we gonna be
filming in Middle East oh so stay tuned
hey do me yang this is the reason why we
don't go outside in New York in the
winter look you sub-zero so how we can
make a schedule we all got a flood
warning on our phones you know that
thing that goes like hoist does it make
it goes a nose is to make Oh
I think goes like no hey how's it going
yeah the way Adam did it goes the way
you did it that's a bird noise what are
you talking about yeah the bird noise
iPhone noise the emergency - yeah the
merge is like know goes and trust me it
goes oh no it doesn't go no trust me he
goes you probably enjoy I don't have
Android
he got an Android each team Android and
you get it get get out of here see my
phone what are you doing yeah chillin
what up what's up you caught him uncle
we need a call me uncle yeah I say uncle
Adam
alright sounds guy you call uncle slim
he called slim Uncle Ben I mean I feel
the respected uncle man what's my name
sounds good how do you now Marcin for
you're getting big
are you being a good boy little kids bro
looks like little Watson bro seriously
so when are you gonna get your son huh
what are you gonna get your kid um ok he
keeps moving like well I don't know if
I'm getting baby fever all not a loyola
yo so your ally telling man you want you
want slim to get a baby yes tell him
let's go get married and get a baby
hey I've put me on the spot right now
my bad Rosa get a kid only shot
inshallah inshallah inshallah su would
definitely child let me what is the
strongest okay ooo I don't look at it
looking at me cover your style you got
the same swag as you never did bro no
well hand a bandana no again do me Hank
today I'm bringing back an old video
that I did but today is gonna be a
little different because I'm doing it on
the homie Mawson I'm not gonna show moss
in any attention I'm gonna put all my
attention on this little boy right here
and we're gonna see how jealous Mawson
gets because he always gets jealous and
it's really bad he shouldn't be jealous
one utility later all right guys look
I'm in my son's room right now watch him
come because he knows that I'm playing
Ally
Oh Cathy right deli talking about it
talking about
hi muffin come over look don't throw the
basketball I can't play with you right
now don't throw the basketball okay
listen up tell me anywhere like anywhere
let's go here
we can't we can't play right now you
gotta throw the ball alley
try it I dare you I dare you I'll make
it throw up on you I'll go no throwing
balls let me play now you're not getting
the ball now you know we're gonna get
huh he's gonna get the super Arab nanny
yes do you want the super nanny on you
huh your bed is fixed look
Muhsin Muslim Boston Marcin guys he's
I'm talking to you Anna Rima why is he
talking to me
he's annoying you I'm the why why mom
awesome car oh you just I'm not I'm not
your friend
hey why do you want me to pull you down
and play with you yeah but that's not
fair I want to play with Ali sometimes
too right throw the ball one last time
watch he doesn't make care he's like
I'll play to look like now we playing
hey hey stop stop stop stop stop stop
stop yeah Wow that's Riley look at him
look he's a big boy he's more mature
than you he's more mature than you you
guys together the cutest me Reba and Ali
Oh Rahman Ali there always see like
sisters are always really good but
brothers okay please pull your hair stop
pulling peoples hairs okay he's always
trying to pull his peoples hair is
anyone here let me see what you guys
sorry my look don't move just don't look
that's the first thing he does
just pull it here oh my god I don't know
what to say man cuz he looks like he's
about to be crazy they must tell them
are you sad me okay look I told you I
played with you for like an hour already
but you never let it when to let Moss's
turn like he's trying to take like oh
they're both gonna be fighting well I
already like it slick look
these kids are having the first fight
like he's trying to get the lollipop let
him get some of the lollipop we can he's
trying so hard to get the lobby bubbler
look he's like this dude man you know
what happened what do you want what's a
lollipop huh how do you get someone a
lollipop look look he's crying look he's
crying look he wants it look he wants
the light Muhsin give me some of the
lollipop please it's dude he's such a
Butthead I'm sorry I'm sorry happy I'm
sorry you can give you no lollipop for
him but I don't worry don't worry
yo but I can already see it mashallah
Ali is a strong baby he was fighting for
that lollipop you were fighting but I
lined up be a good boy though okay
alright good boy good boy good boy
look he didn't have a lollipop and now
he's using his finger look and you
grabbed my beer to get off my beer ow ow
ow get off get off my G gosh Oh guys
here like Baba sali taking his bestie
look look at me talk to you come my dad
is too nice my dad is too a nice he
doesn't yell at no one hey hey yeah yeah
like that yeah I want that when he do
that to me busted he said it to the
wrong person
I'm sorry see it's morphin unless is
that monster stuff I think I do move
hey excuse me boy guys the superb
nannies coming soon it's coming soon
very smiling right now but she's coming
she's coming
alright she's coming it's a she how you
have yourself as the background blur
what just okay you could do it yeah
what do you mean a blur oh no oh this is
what you do what are you doing
watch watch what you watch it music
movies and drinking soda what the heck
yeah I'll think about that one I think
maybe later we'll do some okay I didn't
want to say I don't want to say you tell
them please I don't know it's a man like
giving Slim the biggest slap right now
this dude lost his passport and I don't
know whether to laugh or cry because
slim bro Dan was like I'm sorry bro I
don't know I don't know we got I know
it's it's you guys and I don't want to
like the last guy that bailed on you bro
you know saying bro look you lost
because you got a pass because you've
lost your passports many times and your
attention wasn't to losing it obviously
but like why oh my god mostly give me
one give us up ahead oh he's gonna try
to get it now okay guys it is time to
wrap up this vlog slim pulled a dumb
prank on me saying that he lost his
passport and he gave me a mini heart
attack but the crazy thing is I need to
look for my passport because we're
leaving in three days to the Middle East
I cannot wait to see you guys the do me
yang is gonna be an amazing time I'm
ending the vlog here if you guys enjoyed
this vlog make sure you guys give it a
giant thumbs up and go Turkey
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day do me Hank I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care or pitch like I like
a man I love early
