I don't wanna be merely a baby I have
three wives you King well I went from
Yemen one from Dubai and Mexico - a
falafel
as-salam-o-alaikum I do my gang I hope
you all are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me
gang I hope you all are feeling very
very well I am Adam Watson yasala I have
my beautiful shades on I am taking over
to the vlog today screw Adam Saleh it is
all about Adam Mawson yeah yeah Saleh I
really don't know what to do in the vlog
but I'm gonna go upstairs
I believe my dad and hands that that
there I'm so so sorry my English is kind
of skinny Allah he's not too much good
it's only half half so please excuse you
and skis do me gang my father right now
he has playing music keep the music
lover huh why you stop at one up when I
put the vlog on top guys we're here with
Hamza Hamza how are you how is
everything
I'll move o come o come over here to say
hi Allah give Salam Salam alaikum do you
know how to speak gotta be all wrong I
took a lot out of me right angle easy
time to come out of me let's go madam a
new book hello it's daddy huh I don't
know Arabic this is American English and
that minute Liam and it's come out of a
movie when you talk with me you talk out
of you okay get up
yella I am with the hag Baba Salah what
is music what is the music I love is so
sweet
I love you - I love you more I love you
more - have you yelled what is the music
so we can dance like this hey hey hey a
neither daddy hey Courtney my cool Danny
my dad doing the two-step yell
what is he singing in the bathroom what
is he see
hello open the door why do you think
you're having me out like a light I need
to talk to you come do you know if you
sing in the bathroom the jinn is dancing
with you the jinn is there's no that or
no
do you know that hello Pete that's not
true
what do you mean is nothing it's not
always sir the bathroom
you always sing in the bathroom yes but
times I have a question for you okay
listen listen look at me look at me when
I'm talking to you a book listening okay
what would you rather have 1 million
dollars or 2 million dollars two million
two minute okay what would you rather
have now one snack or two smacks smacks
no no no you said two million dollars
now you get two snacks okay level never
lie you have nice beautiful face okay
but next time you don't sing in the
bathroom okay you know you have to say
dry before you go in the bathroom right
close your eyes he's fine he's fine
are you okay two million dollars now oh
the two million dollars ha ha okay look
over there do me gang I am here with you
save my nephew Muyo yo yo what is this
yo yo
Salim say Salaam alaikum Papa what's
poppin yo well it's aromatic give me a
little book are you talking about
understand alaykum molecular oncology
but let them come out to be alert on the
Salam alaikum I have an Arabic Allah
Salam alaykum assalamu alaykum that's
what like yo your game three six Niner
yeah fully mu you gang gang we have a
gang in France where you come everywhere
I go huh
you come everywhere I go go there what
line I'll burn you with the fact huh
I'll give you two slaps you want three
or do you mean three six nine nah nah
isn't why is he in jail he must be doing
something bad if he's in jail huh no
yeah leave with Adam Wayne Adam I'm Tay
I'm taking over the blood yeah we need
Adam man why does this look like a job
for oh do you have another Cuvier you
guys have another Cuvier
a bit thinner but even better I'm a
demotion you hear Saleh
you doing it you know what you need what
you need to go to Yemen
that's what you need you need to go to
Yemen one line make you feel better you
know and look get married in 15 years by
the way guys we are doing the charity
for Yemen really really soon it is going
to be a part of the Middle East thought
that I'm gonna go to and I cannot wait
because it's gonna be so amazing it's
gonna be a part of the Aamir Khan
Foundation a professional boxer we just
have a little bit of stuff to finish
then after that the campaign will be
ready to go
so I cannot cannot wait I will keep you
all updated inshallah okay yeah I don't
know why you should do what FaceTime
FaceTime that kid - what kid talking
about so I get about marriage what the
boy whatever you want to be FaceTime
he's my friend's little brother hey Stan
what do you want me to talk to him about
about marriage talking about marriage
about getting him Eddie well I am the
best to talk about marriage aren't the
best were like what do you meet Ellen
match speak to him he said he doesn't
want to get married he doesn't want to
get married and you're the right guy
that we need new you speak to him you
know well I even I'm like a cyclic
psychiatrist I think he's calling she's
calling my telephone he's calling me
right now hey idle around as g.o.d Hey
okay guys I'm about to pick up the phone
call I'm gonna speak to him about
marriage so wish me luck
I am like the best speaker in the world
so I'm gonna talk to him right now see
you guys in the next shot let's go
so I heard you want to get married no
you your wife I don't wanna be a baby I
have three wives you King well I went
from Yemen one from Dubai and Mexico I
would be scared don't be scared to start
why are you scared
well because I don't want to kiss anyone
yes you are you stupid or what
Wow they kiss me hey BAE sometime how do
it was spit with spit
what are you kissing a camel no who
kisses and spits well tell me who Deanna
you need to find Ana wife do you want
kids
okay so if you want kids you need to get
married you know that go back to your
mom surrender move do me hanging I'm so
so sorry I'm gonna have to go now Adam
wants to come back and block for you
guys if you guys want me to take over to
the vlogs a lot more give this vlog a
giant thumbs up yella thumbs up if you
guys want me more than four logs thumbs
up I want to see every single a dummy
gang member to thumbs up this vlog don't
thumbs up you bother me too much
what do you mean though thumbs up huh oh
this is from Macy's what oh no you can
flip vertical doobie gang I love you
guys so much I'll see you guys tomorrow
maybe tomorrow if you got a thumbs up
maybe it tomorrow I love you guys yell
over a few moments later do me gang I am
back I hope you guys missed me and I
hope you guys enjoy that little mini
skit with Adam Morrison yeah yeah solid
if you guys want more skits with Adam
Morrison yes I'll let me know by giving
this of like a giant thumbs up I had an
amazing time making I always have fun
doing skits with Adam awesome yeah solid
ado me gang it is time to tell you guys
the announcement which is the next
special guest who's gonna be with me on
tour as you guys know slim was the first
special guest he is gonna be on the
Middle East tour with me and I cannot
wait because it's like in five to six
days but I do me yeah the next special
guest drum roll
his name is Harris J he is the special
guest he's going to be coming with me to
the Europe tour it is gonna be a dope
dope time if you guys haven't gotten
your tickets make sure you guys get your
tickets
Adam Sala toured calm all the Platinum's
already sold out you can still get VIP
tickets VIP tickets or meet-and-greet
stay tuned to do me gang it's gonna be a
freaking movie I haven't been to Europe
or the Middle East for so long so I'm so
excited it's gonna be a fun time I want
to see every single one of you guys
there so make sure you guys come through
bring your friend bring your family
bring your family's friend because you
guys do not want to miss out so yes
finally I said both the special guests
it is slim and Harris Jay I cannot wait
see you guys then anyway to do me young
I'm ending the vlog here because I have
so much that I gotta do I'm getting
ready for the tour by the way guys
tomorrow I'm going out with my dad slim
Yousef we're gonna be shooting guns real
guns at this gun range place it's gonna
be my father's first time going there
it's gonna be Yusuf's first time
shooting there so stay tuned for that if
you guys enjoyed this video make sure I
was give it a giant thumbs up and go
Turkey and I always see your comment
saying why do you always say go Turkey
the reason why I say go Turkey is
because I remember years ago when I
started vlogging PvP which is Jesse and
Jeana when they used to vlog phase 2
always be like go ham so when they used
to say go ham ice always say go Turkey
because that was the hell out version of
ham I don't want to say him because hams
pork and we don't need pork you know the
pigs eat their poop and you know the
pigs are the closest things to humans
you know I'm saying so if you're eating
a pig that's pretty much like you're
eating human now before I've seen them
say go ham so that made me start saying
go Turkey and yeah that's that's how I
got it that's how I started saying all
my other dies already know why I say go
Turkey but there is a lot of you guys
who are new who come every single day so
welcome welcome to the gang dumi Gang
Gang and Adam Austin yes Allah says
welcome to but a doobie gang do not
forget to subscribe because I'll upload
every single day thank you guys so much
for your love and support that you guys
always show I truly appreciate it I
cannot wait to you guys on tour and I
cannot wait to see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much for coming
through watching the vlog I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace like
a man I love
