to miss any emotional both crazy it
serve it
hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me gang I just
woke up I'm about to go suit shopping in
a few hours
well not suit shopping we're gonna go
pick up our suits finally because the
wedding is in a few days and it's gonna
be super super lit because it's the
actual wedding and then a week after the
wedding is gonna be the Middle East and
you're up tour so if you guys having on
your tickets you can get your tickets at
Adam Saleh tour calm first special guest
was my best friend my brother's let me
Slim and the second special guests will
be announced really soon
yo what's up guys how you guys doing so
we took Adams camera right now and just
bought a Tesla you're gonna have some
fun
can you guys gonna help me enough we're
all about the prank Adam right now he's
gonna think that it's his Tesla and
we're gonna give them as a gift making
make him think it's for him we're gonna
be emotional about it your this is what
you've been living up to free wedding
this is for you right now since you're
not married yet we're about to get real
good okay and you guys know how much
Adam loves testers you actually went
checked us some Tesla's you remember and
yeah we went with you or you know no he
didn't go with me oh yeah I remember you
push the bone you Adam mainly we can't
give this card to you cuz you show you
guys the car let's show you guys now
close the door pull it down
butterfly effect see the key the keys
like having another test look baby Tesla
look this score has no engine no no we
could pick up game app or game Alex hi
hi this is the display always be yo it's
like an iPad ok you have like the car
car features you wanna make a high-low
autopilot drive by yourself
navigation music get yo you get free
internet just go on join you right now
guys I think we should go
somebody get Adam maybe let me go and
get him I'll cover his eyes so when he
comes out I turn I'm all about you
record I show him the key like we'll
just go with the flow
let's do this guy's make sure you guys
thumbs up thumbs okay
Oh Panem is right there no yo what are
you doing you're not vlogging today you
have a lot today what do you mean yeah
for this loop yeah but you've like every
day early but not today how come because
we're going to get the suits and I'm a
blog there well yeah I have to tell you
something
well you listen yeah I got a surprise
what do you mean it's a nice surprise
big surprise
I know what you just bring this jump
here real quick know what surprises her
I'm holding oh yeah I don't really like
surprises you especially got uses face
right dolly
okay come I gotta show you surprise roll
hey I'm getting nervous
I'm have to blindfold you all right good
what is it what is it I can't just rush
this rose okay just trust me right I
trust you and my brother listen I make
me breathe though like I got I got it
from well if you guys throw me in a lake
or something we'll help me get tight
from there's no Lakes of here well like
something like you guys kidnapped me
from your visa in New York give me a
handle so what's going on something's
going on
hey walk me bro through that's one step
one more okay
ready for this I'm here tell me nervous
was ready you ready you ready yeah hold
on hold on
good I like this one too young the keys
got your car out on a test all your
favorite corn babies
hey no no way so now this coal will make
nowhere likes it he's gonna force you to
get your license no way okay if you
don't get your license gonna be inside
the garage
no way whoa yeah oh my god bro about the
car get up don't like that Obama from
what the hell's goin on no way saw me
don't make me grieve but not make me
forget I ain't no please no don't make
me cry ain't no wicked don't make me go
no don't make me cry make me emotional
this video thumbs up I'm gonna fuck I
can't believe this wall up oh how the
hell do you do this - Tesla bro
I saw you oh my god look at the wings
sorry that Loki I dunno how to open a
door like this er look look it's brand
new look even had the plastic up oh my
god I got a Tesla over oh I got a
frickin Tesla my brother just gave me
surprised me with a Tesla come on
thank you so much oh my god I go in
together yeah check it out lucky Adam oh
you deserve it
yo bro this is crazy move it oh my god
wrong I got my license I how about now
this is gonna make you get your eyes
look like oh my god Janelle's cruise
control please go watch movies here you
special don't you're gonna be happy yeah
ocean road team on your feet
I know one time well I may be trying to
cry look like I'm trying to be chalkin
come on let's all of us take a picture
covers almost take a picture with it
I never like surprises but this is like
the best surprise ever bro bro how much
you bought this for overall this is like
107,000 you know what all right I can't
tell you how much is surprise oh my god
bro well I don't even know what to think
I like that okay ghosts and ghosts in
from the cars over to take a picture I
bet but can I Drive it can i least like
test drive or something like yo yeah
yeah okay go on the fuckin Pete alright
how to open the way listen before you
drive I got to tell you something but
this car yeah
is my car I'm sorry
you guys don't even fast I can go
i'ma beat the shit out of anyone around
me five seconds well I got real job
before you to Jamaat voila I don't go I
got your black hair Matt about five
seconds four three two while they are at
oh my I didn't want to say the words I
want to say right now that was tough man
yes I get it it's a prank and all that
but I think like damn I just got gat oh
my god a few moments later wait stop
stop I'm gonna let you stop don't run
don't run
okay sorry I stopped don't mind don't
leave don't leave let me say something I
want to tell you you're gonna make me
wrong you guys can make me run a
flip-flop well oh my god
Jim and each I feel like swinging listen
look yes I love you too bro okay you
gotta you deserve it like you guys get a
lot of baby steps baby steps get your
license first
aha yep so that means if I get my
license you guys gonna give me like a
real baby baby steps baby steps you know
that means if I get my license and if I
don't get a car what are you I'm all you
guys in a year before you turn 26 25 and
a half 25 in the hell can yo sir see if
I don't get a car when I get my license
Jamel yeah but that ahead is gonna be
gone thirsty guys my angle-angle I you
guys got me good dad whatever you're
leaving it to quietly leave once I get
my license I'm expecting a 2022 Tesla in
gemellus I've been afraid they started
on your layer you guys are going
seriously you guys a pug Zoila come on
dog Wow
is this messed up or yo that is messed
up man that hurt my feelings man throw
now if they don't give me a call when I
get my license I'm gonna be tight
y'all gonna like this car stuff tovahleh
this cars no one's in there this boy Wow
no no I'm happy for you for the car
though I'm happy well congrats bro
seriously this is a sick car bro Allah
sake obviously I was there and I'm
freaking ah that's what hurts me most I
once hit a freaking spot and he will on
them when you guys right you guys gotta
watch the block tomorrow don't do me
gang I do not even know what to say but
that was an amazing masterpiece prank I
can't even say that I'm unpredictable
all I'm gonna say is watch your backs
every single one you guys we're heading
to go pick up our suits you guys will
see it in tomorrow's vlog I'm so kind of
bummed because I don't really have a
Tesla but it's all good to the hood of
doom again because my little bro is
getting married in a few days and the
Middle East and Europe tour is coming
soon so I have something to look forward
to so do me a I'll see you guys tomorrow
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day thank you guys
so much for love and support Amaro take
care and peace like
