and you go back okay
good luck I am getting Sun to lug you
better hurry I go to the bathroom go
ahead I am gonna started it already
started to go ahead I guess I'm not
gonna say the intro until Mawson comes
because he will get really tight if I
say the intro without him so I guess I'm
just gonna torque here and wait
okay mama did you wash your hands no
go wash your freaking is Go Go come on
Boston I need to start the intro Boston
you're kind of a shorty stand up there
like he needs a booster sit look at this
what the heck you ready to do the intro
yeah alright we're gonna stop the life
together okay all right man damn hey
guys what's up ado me gang I hope you
all having an amazing day because we're
having an amazing day so if we're having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day a do me gang I'm
feeling so great because I'm almost done
with the process of this big campaign
that I'm doing for Yemen I haven't told
you guys any information about this I
was trying to keep it a secret because a
few weeks ago I told you guys I'm doing
something really big for Yemen so I'm
gonna tell you guys what I'm gonna do
who is it
nah he's just found a booster booster
seat so I'm gonna tell you guys what I'm
doing for Yemen I am partnering up with
the Aamir Khan foundation if you guys
don't know who's Aamir Khan then you're
living under a rock Aamir Khan is a
professional boxer from Pakistan also
from the UK he is a really nice and
humble man he has his own charity
foundation which is called Aamir Khan
Foundation and I look up to him a lot
because he does a lot of work for
Pakistan which is his own country and I
want to do the same thing for my own
country Yemen because right now they
need it the most so me and Aamir Khan
and Aamir Khan foundation we partnered
up together we're gonna be doing a big
campaign for Yemen to feed the people in
Yemen and to help them out so even
during my Middle East Europe and India
tour I want to raise so much awareness
for Yemen so that's why it's gonna be
done before the tour starts and I'm
literally gonna do everything for my
country on my YouTube on my Instagram on
my Twitter and my tours everything to
help out my country Yemen but there you
guys go
I told you guys a little bit of it I'll
give you guys much more information once
it's done inshallah stay tuned with the
dumi gang this is something really huge
and it's gonna have a really positive
impact for Yemen because Yemen truly
needs us right now Yemen needs all of us
right now but anyways the do me a taste
why he's gonna be super late as I was
talking to you guys about Amir Khan I
want to do something that he's done
before well I'm gonna try I seen this
video
Aamir Khan where he made like the
candles light off with just his punch he
was literally like this and the candle
literally turned off so today I'm gonna
be doing that we're about to head
outside to buy some candles so we can
get this thing popping yeah we're gonna
get candles no no no we don't need a
birthday cake you saying a birthday I
hope I don't burn my hand on it but
we're gonna see how it goes
I do began the start of this vlog by
giving a giant thumbs up and going
turkey thumbs up we're gonna be heading
out right now to get candles and
hopefully I can get it done I'm gonna
try my best kale King's gonna try his
best
I'm gonna watch Aamir Khan's video
multiple times so I can get it right but
do me I'll see you guys in the next shot
you know a huge shout out to Baba select
man he always takes me everywhere I need
to go for the vlogs you feel one and
thank you so much because I love him so
much thank you seriously he always takes
me everywhere I need to go I don't even
have my license so that's why I
appreciate him always taking me out this
other Mawson I don't appreciate because
you're bad if you are if you want Dave
mom no no I was never bad I was good
when I was small laughing no no I'm
going in the front you put on your seat
belt
what I mean you can't use I'll do it for
you doing
yo he hates the seat belt so much come
here come gotta put on easy fun okay all
we're doing is gonna get candles please
don't make this a big mission okay
mustn't sit down correctly that's not
you sit down hi guys we finally got to
Walmart we found the candle section
what's up how many candles should I get
four but Americana had eight okay I'm
gonna get 8 so Samira Khan had eight I'm
gonna get yelled EES room yo - come on
son come hold these - that's four that's
six oh my god
hi guys that actually got nine Aamir
Khan I'm sorry but I'm gonna try to beat
the record the all the kids ready we're
gonna go buy it and the head back home
and try to do it pop
in Douma gang we just got to my crib it
is now the moment of truth we have nine
candles here on this dining table I
seriously do not know what to expect
I've never ever tried something like
this in my life but Kok I don't I've
tried it out
Rima counts it for us i riemann
washington county for count it again
alright nine there's nine right there to
see how this all right what you're gonna
show everyone these are candles these
are legit candles right there there were
candles right there oh okay well you got
a copy where he moves as though a
Nicholas it's not birthday candles you
want to make a wish what's your wish
what Oh like you don't have to say your
wish out loud
hi guys we're gonna have to open up each
candle I'm gonna try it with one first
how do you open it I do not open these
candles hi guys we just unwrapped the
candles right here here is a better look
at the candles all we need right now is
the lighter and we go get it poppin
y'all ready yeah are you gonna say you
know where's the lighter but you have no
idea girl alright guys my dad is
lighting one up for me I'm gonna try my
best I'm gonna do one first alright with
a little quick javi I'm kind of nervous
low-key bit another ready to come by the
man choice attic and you put a pudding
I'm not gonna burn my hand lost in the
shop I guess ready oh I'm so nervous I'm
nervous my guys there
I just feel like like I feel like the
punch that I got to do I got to make
sure like the wind goes in so much to
the point where I like it just blows it
away
all right like like just I gotta grab
the wind and put mistake I'll push this
thing back all candles I'm upper my hand
all right guys
do not try this at home it is pretty
dangerous to do I just burn my hand
low-key right now like oh my god I'm
doing it's so like like I want to hit it
but I don't at the same time sorry sorry
man this is harder than it looks man
really freaking hard okay do me yeah I'm
gonna try three now then after that
we're gonna do the record nine all right
one two and three
let me show you guys something like look
look at my hands the faster you go the
more air goes look see look that's just
using my hands like but if you've got as
fast as you can and you go like with
power all that is gonna be gone so we
gonna do it right oh yeah
I only got one I know i'ma try again I
wish I do three and at nine I don't give
it i'ma try give me some do some oh man
oh we got one closer maybe I don't know
look I keep getting this one right here
but not the three together like me I
need to put it like like this
good one again I keep getting water man
we're trying to try baby i'ma do my
sarong more summit ride man
doing what one is gone always one
alright guys so I'm skipping the three
candle one because I only did one I feel
like maybe doing more it's probably a
bit easier but I promise you guys it is
not as easy as it looks it is so hard to
even do one but I'm gonna try my best
right now with this boxing love to do
these nine hopefully I don't freaking
drop them all as I told you guys do not
try this at home
oh it's always this one this is my lucky
one right here oh my god how is this
your Aamir Khan man you need to teach me
bro teach me this please it's harder
than it looks
I really want to get this done like I
really want to do 9 that's something on
bucket list before I die man I'm gonna
do 9 Kendall I love Austin I still
cheering it this ah I did one again I
guess like only the one in my whole life
like come on make come on is it weird
that even when I blow these these are
not even coming off like watch this like
what the hell is this what kind of kills
that I get man this is crazy man
you know Amir Khan how the heck did you
do this man with the Freak I'm literally
like wasting my breath and I come look
oh oh I thought I had some quick feet
Amir Khan this is why he's known to be
the fastest boxer in the world he got
quick heads he freaking let out eight
candles with just a punch seriously so
much respect to you Amir Khan that is
insane I'll try my best
do me out I couldn't do it I could only
do one but to be honest I'm still proud
of doing one it's better than nothing
you know saying it's better than zero
but I promise you guys I'm gonna try my
best to be doing a little more even
though I can only do one it is all good
in the hood just for that do me yeah I
am heading to the gym right now to have
a workout I'm gonna go play basketball
and have a big big workout because now
I'm motivated I couldn't do nine only
did one so I'm not I'm still proud of
myself for doing one but I'm not as
proud so I'm literally gonna head to the
gym
I just got back from a crazy workout a
crazy basketball game slim called me out
on a rematch for a basketball game
because I beat him two years ago and now
he wants to play me again so I'm gonna
play him real real soon and do me a if
you guys haven't got your tickets for
the Middle East Europe and India tour
make sure you guys get your tickets -
link is Adam Saleh
toward comm - special guests will be
announced real soon I believe the first
one will be announced on Sunday and the
second guest will be announced a few
days after on to see every single one of
you guys over there it to me Hank you
guys enjoyed this vlog make sure you
guys give it a giant thumbs up and go
Turkey do not forget to subscribe
because I'll upload every single day
thank you guys so much for loving
support I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace love you
