hey guys what's up Adobe dango hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day dumi gank we are all getting
ready right now only the guys because
the ladies already had their henna
tonight is the night where my little
brother is gonna have his henna
seriously his wedding is pretty long
today's day one we're all addressing up
casual we got the homies Soloff is a
what up now was good you guys ready you
guys ready a little swag that we got so
homie I'm like oh look at him like oh my
gosh Oh lookin swag now guys I haven't
introduced to you guys the homie right
here is smiling he's also my first
cousin but he landed really late so when
yesterday's vlog when he's watching the
vlog he wasn't even in the black so
what'd you do tell him what you did I'm
exposed tell them what you did what he
disliked the video because he wasn't how
you going through like the block he
dislike the vlog he's like jamak
literally he's like a clone
well your roastmaster - he's like a swag
now playing for night I'm still getting
ready right now he'd do me gank we're
ready we're about to go to freakin head
nez about to be dope yeah I do not know
what to expect
Slim is coming through Nicky was coming
through and Esau is cutting my bitch I
didn't want to show my hair because my
hair is a mess I got on
just just trying to look smart I can't
believe it my little brother is actually
getting married this is literally their
first time seeing my little brother and
my little brother gave me permission to
vlog it's like he waited all these years
to not be in vlogs just for me to vlog
like his head net wedding but I can't
wait to do me it's freezing outside we
won't go through let's do it
guys we just met up right here guys
about to go inside
slim aive ISA the key put up meds yeah I
don't know what to expect what you
expect in there okay this is a henna
party support
and abusive
I'm sweating crazy workout it was
amazing
we got wait wait yo literally like a
week I'm here with my cousin and he
asked me an important was the question
your little brother got married before
you yo yo I feel I feel happy friend
because like I don't know like I feel
like I'm the baby you know I feel happy
for you good yeah that's a good question
I've got question how do you think
should I feel embarrassed how should I
feel for the old one yo damn should I
feel better soon yeah really should I
feel embarrassed
thank you know do me gang I just got
home I am here with princess Deena it is
still so packed here in my house I have
heading out of my hands look at this
like hudna house this mode Wow not as
good as her Nana's good
yo seriously I want to give you a huge
shout-out to everyone who came every one
of my family members every one of my
cousin thank you guys so much you guys
are so amazing thank you guys so much
you guys are so amazing for showing all
the love and support for my brother
Yousef aka mace we love you so much
hi guys as I told you guys I'm
announcing the first special guest who's
coming out tour of me on the Middle East
tour alright guys I turned off my
flashlight I'm calling him right now
he's gonna be joy to be on this tour you
better pick up man don't let it pick up
Oh slim slim what's up bro yo man this
up you I just wanna announce that it is
gonna be a slider door yo is gonna be a
saddle toy dienes yourself
yo is soul out of my house right now
thank you so much we come through to the
wedding wallop oh thank you yo your rule
for us bro bro I can't wait bro
seriously this store is gonna be so dope
you always make toys so much better it's
about to be a little not so trendy I
know well I know it's been like two
years bro your turn it's gonna be safe I
know I can't look but literally two
weeks of two weeks guarantee startup
takeover we take it over this one city
at attack little E's Bumba see what I my
G love you go guys
we want to give you huge shout out so
mostly it's a bit much like a bit yo we
love you so much
happy birthday hopefully we'll meet you
soon - Ally they're Mississippi or New
York hope you have an amazing birthday I
want you out the hmmm about oh the white
what are you were late were you late or
were you with the ladies hi guys I've
ended the vlog here I hope you guys
enjoy it
make sure I was give it a thumbs up and
go I love you guys so much but I think
it subscribe because I upload every
single day I'll see you tomorrow take it
love you
