Drake you are my brother I love you and
I cannot wait to share the stage with
you tonight
what's up Badou me yang this is Adam
Sala today this is my final part
speaking the truth about 42 part 3 part
water was mainly about the stuff he did
to me and it was about what caused me to
be doing this because I've seriously had
enough of his shit part 2 was mainly
about his boys I did them a favor
part 3 today is gonna be about how his
whole July 15 event all started and this
is gonna be about if he really meant
drink before she meets you I don't want
to say that that way as you guys know I
was the one that was with him the whole
time because I was on tour with him so I
was with him throughout July 15 and that
was with him when he met drink but first
let me start off by saying this a lot of
you guys have been asking me about his
girlfriend now see me as you guys know
fousey and semi they've known each other
the longest out of all of us me i'ma
drew semi Raji the other ahmed slim who
C&C me they've known each other the
longest because she was his assistant
and do you guys remember how everyone
was blaming me for being a yes-man let
me tell you guys this
the yes-man that all of us was his girl
which I don't blame because she's the
one that known him the longest anything
that he says I'm gonna go do this I'm
gonna go curse out these academics I'm
gonna go pull up to a door 22s office
and go see Shane Dawson all you hear is
his girl telling him yeah yeah you
should yeah like anything he was telling
her that he wants to do she would always
tell him yes she was like the main one
that he only listens to all the
messiah's have you guys heard of the
saying when you fall in love with your
hostage the best for her life I don't
fuck with you but see me is actually a
really nice sweetheart she's really cool
and she doesn't deserve what fousey puts
her through but for now let me tell you
guys how the whole July 15 started we
were all in Australia doing the
and fousey was a ready man he was mad
because the venue's were small and he
wants bigger venues because he can sell
out an arena as you guys know every tour
that I do almost every single year I'd
do a world tour and my tour is always
like maximum a thousand five hundred
people two thousand some shows that we
do have 400 500 some shows are 700
people he kept saying he's too big for
this so it all started at dinner on July
9th in Sydney Australia so the thing
about fousey he disliked nas a lot and
the reason why I dislike nas was because
nas was straight up to him nas wasn't a
yes-man he wasn't saying yeah for
everything you know and fousey couldn't
take it he got so mad from then he
always disliked none so we were at a
dinner table and he kept complaining how
he wants to show us to be bigger to be
arenas and I'm here thinking like I do
my tours like this every single year
always sold out was always successful I
always have a different set every year
me and my viewers Mariah dies I do me
again we always turn it up we always
have a fine but no he has too much of an
ego so he wanted to reschedule the three
cities Singapore Indonesia and Malaysia
which by the way I will be making them
free shows now just as a gift from me to
you guys I feel like I let you guys down
the first time so I want to get to meet
you guys all for free
like I'm the drinking to pay for my own
flight own hotels pull up there and meet
you guys but I'll give you guys more
information about that real soon so
there was a lot of fans coming up to me
and Susi and they kept saying oh wow
what are you guys doing here you guys
have a show what the heck and then
fousey would be like see I told you not
we should have made this show bigger
mind you the show is already pretty much
sold out and he's still complaining and
nost kept telling him how it is if you
rent out a venue that's 10,000 seats you
better be able to fill out the 10,000
seats and from then he started telling
us and he's gonna do his own show in LA
July 15 and make it the biggest show
ever I actually spoke about this with
Nas and I didn't put it because it was
part one so I'm gonna put it in this one
right here because he explains much much
more
because he did it or he did it all with
Roman Atwood before so like to him is
like whoa Oh like you know Roman Atwood
is big so--but like we've always done
shows the same way we always do we do
show some like you know six we do six
hundred people we do a thousand five
hundred people have always done
and that's how that's how the whole July
15 started you were is meant to him you
said it straight up that's one thing
about you said it's so straight up so it
got him
that's how the whole July 15
alright guys and the main question is if
fousey meet Drake that was the main
question that everyone was asking me so
Yousef woke up one day he hit me up and
he had up another person in country it
was literally my first time meeting
country he was so cool but Yusuf put me
in country through hell because he
wanted to meet Drake he made us wait for
like 6 hours outside doing nothing while
he goes and tries to meet Drake in this
club I kept telling Yousef it's not
necessary let's just go home bro you
look kind of like a creep right now
outside of the place that you're at
don't ask me how I found it bro God put
me here among God's plan right now I'm
walking in God's purpose my stars
aligned I never thought I'd be at the
place literally where Drake is right now
so then around 3 to 4 a.m. me a country
finally decided to leave we go back to
where we were staying and then out of
nowhere around 5 a.m. pussy comes
knocking on my door I was literally
about to sleep and I'm like oh my god
what happened it was like sit down I
need everyone here everyone in this
place to sit down in his couch and I was
telling him I go let me sleep and he was
like wake up slim tell him to come sit
down here I need to talk to all of you
guys I told him slim cannot wake up at
all like he's he's asleep respect that
he's asleep and he was forcing me to try
to wake him up he kept saying wake him
up or tell him to leave and I kept
telling him Slim is not gonna wake up
and if you try to wake him up and tell
him to leave he's gonna violate you and
that's when he was like ah it's ok it's
ok that's what his puck nice were come
in cuz he's nothing but a little punk
especially when you're in his face
that's what you need to do for a person
like pussy you need to be a man and
speak up because he's the punk he tries
to pump all the people talking to them
trying to violate them but deep down
inside he's the actual punk you just
gotta speak up and be a man so slim
didn't wake up he sat down me drew
country he started telling me Adam I
need to take a video of you matter of
fact he told us to everyone it was like
I need everyone to film a video to say
that they will not release this
information his girl was there Stockholm
Syndrome she thought that was cool she
pulled out her phone she was literally
about the record us saying hey I am
solid promise not to release any of this
information I refused to do it
I said no if you call me your brother
whatever he making me do a video saying
I won't release information about you
meeting Drake he made this long story
just to say that he saw drink that's it
that's the
did fouseytube meet Drake the answer is
no he did not meet Dre all he did was
seeing from a distance that doesn't mean
you mad and that doesn't mean you have
to use that for your show on July 15 to
use drinks face just like how you said I
used your face you use Drake's face and
you live say you met him you did it meet
him you just saw him and so did all the
people who went to his concert they saw
on to Drake you on my brother I love you
and I cannot wait to share those stage
with you tonight for hate dies love
arrives and I get to share this speech
that I feel like I was delivered here on
earth to give on July 15 and it's pretty
crazy how he controls his boys like so
many times it would literally come tell
me they don't want to associate
themselves with him they don't want to
be around him because they didn't like
the fact how he's always treating them
but that's what happens when you're
owned by someone that's what happens
when you have a boss who treats you that
way every single day you don't become a
boss no more you just become a person
who's owned by another person who thinks
they can own you so my conclusion what I
want to do now I just want to continue
on doing me without fousey in my life I
want to continue on with my life how I
always was before I even went on tour
with you I do not want to be associated
with you to everyone out there do not
let anyone control you and don't
surround yourself with toxic people
continue on doing what you love and
surround yourself with real friends
thank you guys so much for your love and
support I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I love you guys ready for
today what are you guys most excited
about
what about songs anyway to me boys
