so hard what's the reason I can't be in
the vlogs see the reason is like they
want you to like Rima every duniya
member wants you to see like your final
video your final message so
hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
do me gang I'm about to see Mawson and
Rima right now haven't seen them for
like three weeks since October 18th
today is November 8th so I'm so excited
to see them they're coming back from
school right now I don't know who comes
first and I want to make a little bet
with you guys I had on bet ahead I'll
bet I bet you guys when I see Mawson
he's gonna ask me if I have any presence
because seriously every time I come back
from tour I always giving presents well
it's not for me from you guys do me gang
by the way thank you guys so much to
everyone who always gives gifts to me my
family you guys really don't have to
give gifts as I always tell you guys
your love and support is enough for
watch muslin is getting older and he
knows whenever I come back from tour is
always present so he's gonna ask me for
presents if he does you guys got a
thumbs up this video if he doesn't I
gotta go like one of your tweets or
Instagram posts a random adieu me gang
member I'm gonna go upstairs right now
and surprise him see what he has so do
me ask you guys a nut shop my guy's
Remos coming right now she's the first
one to come and Mawson is after
have eaten so much good do was that all
he did really but that is a prank
vesicle it online interview so what's up
but do me gang butts have a give me game
what up man do you know who's a do me
game yeah forth it good you you haven't
broken it t let me see you teeth blood
comes out why would you want to tell
them that when you brush your teeth
blood comes out let me feel it
I'm not gonna bring him pretty much
you're gonna need a break your teeth is
growing out already look her freaking
teeth is already growing and her baby
teeth is still there I'm gonna need a
break it probably either today or
tomorrow I'm gonna have to remove you
gonna get you're getting bigger trust me
alright now we're gonna wait for the
homie must and as I told you guys I bet
you guys what like he's gonna ask me
about presents so do me gang let's wait
for him tomorrow one is better than Bob
was so is that a yes or no wow and I'm
joking us games both as both it's not
guys this is what we do and waiting for
my literally just waiting to let me do
are me to account to 1,000 um no not
really much you don't have to count
she's gonna actually count to a thousand
buddy buddy won 42 43 44 45 46 40 142
143 we might it's okay 147 148 149 815
day under-16
room 217 418 566 567 568 69 a star miss
sandy please
oh my god Reva what are you doing you
just wasted like ten minutes of my life
hi guys we're getting Mawson right now
where is he where is this bad boy what's
up I don't know okay where's the bad boy
I sleepy sleepy head he sleeps a lot
yeah he's like oh he's drooling a nasty
one let's do loss it lucky she doesn't
get a little brother you always do that
just like his little brother huh look
here hi look let's go what oh look at
him
thank you so much come over you Massey
what did I say guys you owe me a life
thank you guys so much have a good day
what did I say guys you guys over this
video a thumbs up I knew it he didn't
even go out the freaking bus and you
ready to see it was it what do you want
you didn't tell me how you didn't give
you a hug and nothing more you didn't
give me a hug or kiss or nothing oh wow
okay okay goodbye
you mean you're a big Batman book bag
yeah I'm so good at knowing exactly how
they are I know exactly how my family is
I know rema more than Rima knows Rima I
know you more than you know yourself huh
oh you don't I know you more than you
know yourself
I know you know you don't do me a nose
me more than you know me no yes yes no
yes no yes
I love Muhsin style man look he got the
freaking Mario socks
he got an Ironman Jackie a Batman book
bag there you go oh he knows get this
spot let's get this stuff why he gives
you wow you've been cheating on me would
get do you get do a big hug but not me
he didn't bother didn't give me no big
hug all he asked was for presents yeah
he didn't give me no hug enough him Wow
Boston eating a silent treatment don't
talk to me
alright guys so since Marcin is being a
butt-head and you only cares about
presence this is what I'm gonna pull a
funny little trick on it one of you guys
gave me this cultural clothe from
Indonesia like the way the woman dress
over there there's one for Rima right
here it's only for the females because
only girls wear this and there's one for
Deena
but Adina one I'm gonna give it to
Mawson and pretend it's his and I'm
gonna let him try it on and we're gonna
see his reaction because it's for girls
that he hates it when something's for
girls is that that age where like no
boys are cool girls are dumb and girls
go to Jupiter to get more stupider so
let's go upstairs and give it to them
and let's see what he says
all right so this is pretty much yeah
this is one dress Reema so this is a a
dress from Indonesia this is how they
dress you know the beautiful beautiful
women wear these kind of dresses and
Multan this is from Austin right you
want to try it out yes no don't take off
your pants like a hug side he is Wow
look at this yo this looks amazing like
this masa is so excited he's showing his
grandpa he's like yeah look at him you
got bigger man you looking like a big
boy now come here come Wow look at this
this is gorgeous yo for real she looks
like Little Red Riding Hood
Watson you guys gift right here let's go
right here yes bookmark Wow Watson that
looks nice on you and then you tie your
dress like this and then you go like
that Wow was it do you like your
president let me see turn around spin
around
thank you so much do me gang I am
heading out with baba Salah Rima and
Mawson to go outside and chill for a bit
and I said I'm gonna get a haircut
because I need to fix myself up and get
fresh for you guys right when you gonna
get your first haircut
where does Ali love the most I love you
or moss in the most oh my god my honey
oh my god oh my god oh my guys all of my
sweater in there oh my god - I don't
want baby I momma dropped two feet
I knew what you were doing man he was
gonna make an amazing mother look here
oh my god we did it again he did it
again
he didn't give me oh my god he did I
don't wanna lean no more get it take him
take him take him take him
here you go I'm done with this kid know
what you lost and Rima is gonna come was
Papio you looking swag down like that
sweater munchin lookin swagged out Remo
Remo Dee do it what are you doing do you
know how to take you upstairs okay go oh
this is so cute and wasn't hi guys I'm
here with the homies must have are we
going every time I go to Party City is
always a crazy turn up in there Party
City watch it do any bad back really Oh
get this first I'm Party City hmm my
dad's first time here in Party City how
do you like Party City though right
this huh nice great hey get some candy
cut that this is a test video which one
my dad he's like what is he making
dialect the hands is the Hulk hands like
he what that is the jokes of what he's
so silly the kids left with so much
play-doh even my dad got a toy to scare
people let's go kids my dad is he got a
turkey it's hurt yes yes do you like it
yeah but I got it to scare people he
just told me in Arabic he said he had
one in the house and he didn't know
where I went the funny thing is I
thought was Muhsin but it was actually
my dad's do me gang I finally got a cut
I finally fixed myself up for you guys I
just got ready I'm heading to the gym in
a few but before I head to the gym I
decided to do a little mini prank on
Remo so as you guys know Hilah is no
longer in vlogs and that is not a prank
she will no longer be in vlogs anymore
until further information I haven't even
told you guys the real reason
hopefully inshallah soon I will tell you
guys right now I decided to do this
prank on Rima to tell her that she will
no longer be in the vlogs the kids are
downstairs right now I'm gonna bring her
up and I'm gonna break the bad news to
her to me gang I believe she's still
doing her homework she's almost done so
once she's done with her homework
I'm gonna bring her butt right here and
I'm gonna tell her the bad news so wish
me luck adieu me day thank you
I don't got the a few moments later and
you talk to you okay it's like really
really important um oh my god I don't
see this hi everyone what is it's so
hard it's so hard for me to say this um
okay so like as you know you've been in
my vlogs for how long since you were
like accessory since you was zero since
you were born
you've been in my vlogs and you've
always been like my princess you've
helped me with so much it's always been
like it's always been Adam and Rima Adam
and Rima you know like we killed it all
over YouTube you know
and you still are but um ah I don't
really know how to say this but like
okay so I spoke with my family and yeah
I know I spoke with my whole family I
know you're my family but I just want to
say that like I spoke with everyone with
my mom my dad and like everyone said
like now you won't be in vlogs no more
they said you won't ever like this is
your last like your last vlog we can
record our last video and I'm waiting
forever like sad huh
you said tell me sad like we promised
you you favorite be my princess Rima
you'll forever be my my everything and
just know that everyone will love you
too thing is
it's so hard what's the reason they
can't be in the vlogs see the reason is
like they don't they don't want you to
get like too famous
they don't want you to get you know
Romano you're really famous and
something they don't want you to get to
a famous Rema Rema like it's not even
about that it's like you know don't cry
or imam imam I mean women really can
really look at me look it's okay for
nineteen bugs
Reema I really don't know what to do she
just left and she said she never wants
to speak to me I feel like such a bad
uncle do me yeah you know what I'm about
to do right now I'm about to tell her
that she can make her last final video
to you guys so I'm gonna show her the
Cameron I'm gonna let her give her final
message Reema as you know this is your
final video ever and I'm uh don't worry
every dummy gang member they want you to
leave Reema every Dounia member wants
you to see like your final video your
final message so give your final message
to do me hang everyone is watching Remo
Remo just don't worry don't stress it
you got it all right give your final
message my final message every member
with you guys I'm gonna write it inside
any book that was the fun easy I'm sorry
I'm sorry
a practice I told that she's not gonna
be in vlogs no one yeah my dad loves it
without prank my dad she yo thumbs up yo
really thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up
thumbs up you do we gank thank you guys
so much for everything I'm ending the
video here I'm going to the gym make
sure you guys subscribe if you guys have
it thank you guys so much for loving
support us tomorrow take care and peace
I love you I love you I love you Remo
