all right guys y'all ready Ali we won't
spin you around are there any one too
hey guys what's up and do me yang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day it is
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving to
everyone out there who celebrates I hope
you all are thankful to so many things
because I'm thankful every single day
for my family my mom my dad my sister's
my brother's my niece's my nephew's my
friends my best friends I'm thankful for
you guys a dumi gang every single one of
you guys I'm so thankful to have you
guys in my life ever since I was 18
years old you guys switched my life
around so thank you guys so much for
that you guys know I always say thank
you like every single day because I'm
literally thankful and grateful yo yo
what do you want alright you thankful
for me yeah oh that was the sweetest
thing that Hamzah said thank you guys
seriously do me a shout out to my rowdy
guys do me out today what about the head
to Brooklyn me Sal Yusef and slim we're
about to go explore Brooklyn but the
thing is it's really cold today it's
like the coldest day of the year and I'm
not looking forward to it so do me I'll
see you guys in the shot do me ganc we
just met up with the whole slim say what
up you say what up man yo guys it is
freezing cold this is like the couple yo
yeah they need to understand how cold it
is right now it's freezing like to
another levels calls the coldest day of
the year bass and we're here going to
see the view for sound for you cuz we're
negotiating y'all like this view if you
saw what do you think about that view
it's amazing amazing
it's dope I like that Manhattan Bridge
Brooklyn Bridge let me zoom in on the
city with it
Wow guys one beautiful view do me ganc
we just got home it was too cold outside
seriously it was so cold to the point
where we were freezing and it would be
really bad for out but a do me gang I
have a surprise for you guys
me and Abe who we got a surprise for you
guys so as you guys know but for
everybody everybody everybody oh my god
as you guys know one of the Addams
family members he was not shown in vlogs
for such a while a long time why why is
a that says your kid why oh because
you making a video are you giving them
the surprises I mean you're here playing
for night like blows it was because the
wedding
no nobody have time to babysit I watch
him a fair ball
his name is Ali Ibrahim Salah and today
my mom she gave him a haircut like I
don't even know like we should show him
or not like yo bro
do man it scary in here right now like
you guys could just see his arms in his
mouth but still like yo how's he look
what do you think it's fresh but nagila
fresh think so how does that what you
think
mmm what you think that's a better one
who you had all of it even it was long
no Bubba I want you to make his hair
grow long with like a mom I like is
there I think his hair looks dope but
like he looks like a completely
different person the homie Ali Saleh how
think we should yeah let's do it here
all right guys y'all ready Ali we won't
spin you around right now ready 1 2 3
the guy's haircut makeover yo make it
looks older now but he's not like he's
still a little shorty like really yes
yes teeth yeah yeah yeah yeah
hey just one open it say uh no you don't
listen you know someday let me see T
yeah ah better not throw up on me cuz he
look so cute so guys this razor right
here the supreme razor is literally
history this razor
shaved my little brother's beard that he
didn't shave for like years like 10
years ever since he grew a beard yeah
ever since she grew every sissy who's
mean never shaved and my mind
his hair is the baby here it's so baby
here and like this rating the supreme
one right here was my little brother is
my younger brothers beard and your hair
do you know that yeah look his face look
good lookin yo this shaved your hit your
head
this shaved your head seriously I
shredded gave him to cut Malorie been
fresh autumn alii
now to give you an you know saying look
you fun okay you like this guy's look
who we have here we have a leave me I'll
leave gangster alley look at this so
chill he's like a this is me what this
is you telling us up it's your boy Ali
yeah tell him it's your boy Ali it's a
boy Ali Ali
I miss you man I miss you so much hit it
banana suits him so much yeah you love
seeing himself he's like that's me he
shouldn't touch the mic like don't touch
the mic no no don't touch the way we
think sunny guys love like who are you
laughing at I'm gonna do me
yes smile if you love a do me a smile if
you love a do me a smile oh oh you okay
I smile he smell guys watch what happens
when I sit him down like watches watches
he hates it when he sits down there
teddy happy happy sit him down laughs
and this is a heaven
look see he wants to play all the time
well then play sitting down your baby
yeah yeah yeah what happened you huh
yummy yummy yummy I got you I got you
giving him you he just wants me to hold
you because you know
what that okay I don't know if he's
joking or not like yo look you made your
mother cry joke
oli scared him be careful yo she's about
to rock you come on man
he knows I'm always gonna play with him
and dance well that's what he wants me
hey he's like get on my face get up now
he's happy again like he's so happy
again I listed him down one more time
let's see how it goes
ready here let's see all right happy
happy happy Ali happy Ali sits down he
hates don't worry look like I'm with you
I'm with you okay out of the ego said
that for like two minutes challenge like
I'm with you look I'm sure Louise if
I'll leave him you questions I'll even
watch this he wants to try to come with
yellow wait I got you I got no don't cry
don't cry don't cry are you Annie I got
she okay okay don't why not sound Dustin
I'll keep you setting up I guys I'm let
the whole dowdy for the next 12 hours
you want to say standing up forever
trust me you're gonna want to sit down
at some point yeah do me gang I've never
really done a Black Friday sale for my
merch but today is the first time ever
I'm doing a Black Friday sale for my
merch for everything that's left
I'm emerged before my next season is out
it is now 50% off you can get my merch I
do me store.com if you use the code 50
off which is right here if you use that
on checkout it'll be 50 percent off so
Teddy might do me a member send you my
rotted eyes if you guys haven't gotten
merch and you guys want merch it is now
50% off make sure you guys go get it and
then tweet me because I want to see you
guys rocking it before the next season
is out in a few months
hey you feels cool having a Black Friday
sale sale ends literally in like 24
hours so make sure you guys go cop your
March anyways to do me hang I'm ending
the vlog here I'm literally so exhausted
I feel like I'm getting even more sick
now ever since I went outside I was
supposed to react to more fan accounts I
will be doing that with Hamza tomorrow
because ham is gonna decide a fan of cow
and I'm getting too
if an account so stay tuned I decided to
have a little chill out tonight with my
family because I haven't seen Ali for so
long and I'm going on tour real swords
so I'm not gonna see it up anyways do me
I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog hope
this vlog made you guys smile police
even though it was kind of short I
always try to give you guys the best
every single day I just want to make you
guys smile every single day and just
know do me gang that I did not forget
about me being pranked by my brother
Yousef and Sal with the Tesla so if you
guys are watching this watch your backs
and do me Hank I love you guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow do not forget to
subscribe because i'll upload literally
every single day love you do me out so
you got some on take care and peace
