hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing name because
what are having an amazing day so what
we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy okay
we had a breath Santa everyone is so
exhausted because of my little brother's
wedding look at me literally we're all
so tired this is us this is us right now
just just done just done
we got happens it happens a Google+ hey
tired or nothing 7:00 a.m. I woke up 11
think about it
he's if I'm exhausted tired he dance it
so hard
energy buddy go to super get you also my
cousin Adam if you guys haven't met you
tired or not yeah we Texan Sal was
popping sound guy seriously everyone was
dancing so hard we're partying so hard
and I see a lot of you guys in the
comments telling me I don't clean up the
mess in your room but it's not me it's
it's the kids man this is a demand it
times that I play like literally all of
them comes on get my biggest mess look
at us now anyways everyone gotta wake up
come on man sweet we gotta have some
today's gonna be a little a day where
you gonna be doing a little challenge in
Walmart actually we don't even know yet
we're thinking about doing a 24 hour
challenge into Walmart or playing hide
and seek in Walmart we're speaking on
they start talking like that bro I think
I don't know I think maybe hide and seek
will be dope cuz Walmart is huge it was
like you know you got the phone that I
gave you I'll call you right you get
lost and I guess you get no say your mom
could take it away again if you get lost
then you get lost just don't get lost
you know my number by heart or no don't
we'll start memorizing my number by
heart come on you're ready big you're a
man in a yemeni community nine years old
consider an adult so we do me a let's
start by giving this blog a giant thumbs
oh and dope turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day and do not forget to get your
tickets for the Middle East and Europe
tour the second special guests will be
announced in a few days Adam saw toured
calm will it be German boy it's not my
beat to out of both you is it is it
Yusuf is it is it I don't know is the
items that Sal is it is it Drake is it
drink son
yeah brother that was it - is it Drake I
don't know maybe Beth not Bhama is it
Rima I don't know is it Deena will see
you do me yeah you gotta stay tuned
anyways we're about to get ready and
head to Walmart so it's about to be a
good why you telling G you want to sound
like Jake Paul saying that okay Jay Paul
is were about to go to Walmart the thing
is your roasts are so much better than
Jake Paul's like Jay Paul doesn't have a
good row so that whoa I guess you're the
roastmaster oh yeah you're the most
message to stay the world's master okay
all right guys we just got to Walmart
we're about to play hi to see crazy
reason I oh my god
New York City whether it's way too cold
I can't wait til I'm in the Middle East
so it can be warmer oh oh my god oh my
god oh my god that's how you know he's
my cousin you literally just jumped over
this right here over this right hey hey
oh my god
what the heck Oh like I feel like
they're going into prison right now like
you're breaking out of her it's just
Walmart literally just look like
do not have it oh that leaves my keys
but I'm gonna see how much from them and
go time that I'm alive looking hi guys
we just got inside a Walmart it is kind
of packed today there's people around so
I guess I'm gonna be it
Hey hi guys
so I'm gonna kind of thirty all you guys
hi I wish you guys the best of luck I'm
gonna be vlogging looking for you guys
try not to make it too hard for you
clean yeah Gary good luck everyone
Hanson comes in as it kind of comedy say
Walmart okay one two three
whoa let's go
some kind of 30 guys go get going one
two three
he's away day one this way for 7 8 9 10
yeah of course hey what's up man how's
it going how's it going watching more
than this guy
yeah yo what's poppin man how's it going
bro what up man
yo what's up are you guys brothers all
your cool brother so that was so C well
you could go and shout out to the homie
David walk yeah I'll play hi to see you
see any kids around you understand
that's good
y'all dip oh I bet I'm gonna thank you
I'm literally looking for everyone right
now supposed to give them 30 seconds but
I gave them one put up put up how you
doing yo what's up how's it going you're
doing good yo the two behind a tube
right now is Walmart we made in GG oh
you're the man right here sir we hope
you have you seen any male family
members and play hide and seek
are there cool here but I had to see you
I'm trying to find more right now yeah a
little out it looks like a to them
I'm not even joke I don't know if I'm
your last to tell you see nobody right
hey we did it I laugh right there you're
playing I see damn I didn't know what
I'm doing it's all good it's all good
wish me luck no I'm ready G very nice to
meet you all right
you know this is harder than it is wow
this is Black Friday this is my smoke
rowdy
hiii-ya you're not there they hear not
enough no no they're not there
this place is huge in this black father
he's packed
oh my god okay I'm gonna go to the toy
section I feel like they're in the toy
section I don't know why since they're
kids they love going to the toy stuff
sorry but about the sorbets is my nephew
what did he do well let me do nothing
this guy's bugging out you talk to me
I'm his guardian
so who you gonna I'm his guardian so
should be talking what's the issue that
happened it doesn't matter I got one of
the Walmart workers is calling the cops
he's kind of being a d head literally
all the workers were cool and he was the
only one dollars I'm gonna call the cops
only because they were hiding like yo
buggin out on I'm like yo relax you
don't gotta speak to us like I know we
should have been playing hi to seek I
guess for like at the same time like he
nice it shows just really time actually
room just like Chile I thought I thought
I always you tell me you guys had a nice
tightest but it was like inside of oh my
god oh yeah but I caught you guys this
is no other one could because we have no
time the cops are about to come right
now so let's finish the game before the
cops point is closed what is it
something which i'll the party and
alright guys so hamza and yusuf they
just left man I feel bad but I'm still
gonna finish this game and try to find
the homies yo this hide-and-seek is way
too hard man literally like maybe in
between these
what the heck this please
a few moments later look who I see here
come out come out cuz come out watch
look who's been called Jamel has been
come I feel like I need to look between
like the gaps of everything like the
gaps that I would've like yoke the gaps
ADIZ I don't see the gaps in the aisles
sigh alright look between I knew the gap
I was looking at every little gap
there's a walk by she's like laughing
she's like what are you doing here I
feel bad man thank God I'm the one
looking for you guys cuz I know hiding
must be awkward like everyone's staring
at you like what is he doing
hands in use of their gun they called
the cops on one look one yeah that's me
I swear to god one layer you know what
happened I don't know yeah they have to
leave I knows what's the game but still
like why do we decide to do it we see we
should have just didn't like 24 hour
night so that would guys sitting on
Showtime let's go look for Sal go to
Cassell and then let's dip where the
hell is Salman I'm literally checking
everything but all-time champion oh oh
Yusef Villa no wait the cops it was all
dip now what we call it dip now yeah hi
guys we're dipping home right now we
don't want no security no cops to come
we are out let's go good time the love
we're safe but y'all how does that mean
my cousin Sal we want you to hold it
okay do me gang it is time to react to
some fan accounts as I told you guys I'm
given one fan account a shout-out and he
is giving one fan account of shoutout we
both don't know which then accounts were
chosen it better be a good one and I
better not be a frickin account that
like paid you to like mention their
thing you know well alright guys so this
fan account is such a dope account that
is called a do me gang meets out of
literally this fan account posts every
person that I met and they tagged the
person that I mean I don't know how they
fight this is crazy
well look look
yo this is dope man seriously I love
this account so much because every time
I see your pictures it makes me remember
the person that I met - the owner of the
account do me gang meets Adam I really
hope I meet you I don't know if I've
ever met you before but if I didn't I
really hope I meet you soon and give you
a big big hug now it's Jamie's turn to
show a fan account and I already see it
what is it what's you're a fan of how
they're gonna show so this this pinnacle
is athletic solid and I actually like it
first of all it's called aesthetic
aesthetic sally's baby
yeah study have been on supporting us
from 7:30 2014 wait is it 7:30 p.m. for
7:30 and that's the date that's July 30
oh my god yeah
can I give you a nun eat please static
Sally her name is Camilla I'm a follow
you back the homey Jim man found you
what's your stories huh watch our
stories we're gonna watch your store
right now all right I like the story you
like it yeah what do you have a crush on
this person no that's pretty dope that
she posed stories I just want to thank
y'all for the support I've been given in
the past few days it really means a lot
this is dope man half way to 100 thank
you so much only been four days everyone
in the spend on me man listen everyone
oh I missed it again everyone in this
fandom is genuine you don't see see that
very else oh I really hope you reach
your goal of 100 makes you guys go
follow Camilla yeah aesthetic aesthetic
selling high stakes our aesthetic Sally
thank you so much for your love and
support and everyone please be nice to
each other because when I see people
being nice to each other to me I like
that so much and when I see people
hating on each other
cursing each other out that's just a
turn-off for me what do you think you
tell me oh oh sorry exactly what he said
I love each and every single one of you
guys I was like me seeing my family
fighting I don't want to see that man
it's like you see me Penza yeah I don't
want to see our fight you know I'm
saying it's like me slapping hands and
you watch it yeah I don't know watch
that you know I'm saying a lot of times
that keeps taking off his shirt I can
stupid
nah but seriously do me I thank you guys
so much you guys make me feel better
seriously from the past few days I'm
gonna exhaust it I've been feeling sick
and I even have a cold sore my frickin
lip and get it like every other year
whenever he gets freezing cold and it
kind of sucked because I had it during
the wedding and now it's like going away
but it's just so annoying man but
seriously your support makes me feel so
much better
and seeing you guys enjoying the vlogs
makes me feel so much better it makes my
family feel so much better so thank you
guys so much me Jemile can be reacted
once again tomorrow to morphate account
oh yeah peel bye
finally finally we're gonna open a pill
box cuz they been calling me and telling
me that I need to go and pick up the
stuff because there's a lot of stuff
yeah do me oh you guys enjoy like make
sure guys give it a giant thumbs up and
go Turkey Oh every single want you guys
to give us like a giant thumbs up blue
thumbs up dance hey hey hey hey hey hey
we're gonna keep doing it till a thumbs
up hey hey hey hey hey and do not forget
to subscribe because I upload every
single day do be hanging I love you guys
so much too got some our take care yeah
please love that you like you are you
copy
like on watch
