what's wrong what's wrong did a biker
bitch you relax relax place hey guys
what's up you're doing me yang I hope
you're having an amazing name because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day hey do me a
today was a crazy insane day so the
first thing that I did today is go to a
picture place a passport place because I
am traveling to Egypt India Australia
and Dubai in the next month I have never
seen New York City this crowded I
finally made an escape to here it's
Rockefeller Center I've never seen this
in my life it's like a balloon we got I
can fell ascending here I haven't been
here for so long it's a restaurant right
now it's not the ice skating rink but it
looks beautiful Rockefeller Center Plaza
we in there let's do it
taking you guys woman Jimmy Fallon show
guys the building where they do the
Jimmy Fallon show it's where I'm taking
my passport photo is that so I'm not
getting my passport photo taken I'm
getting a picture taken because I'm
heading to India around 21 days and I do
not know why they need a picture of me
is it digital prints need to get my
pictures I'm taking my photo here I am
for the Indian visa enemies fair
made it a funny photo but still no one's
gonna see only like the visa people are
gonna see it my studies to be good I
need to look good for India you're not
Sam guys these are the photos how looks
so funny hi guys I got pictures I made a
mistake I wasn't even supposed to print
it out I'm supposed to just email it to
NAS because not handling it so I emailed
it to him last I got four photos on my
hand maybe I should like hide these
photos and give it away to you guys if
you guys find it so I got done with that
and it went great I am heading to Egypt
India Australia and Dubai it's confirmed
I also FaceTime say F today I made a
mistake yesterday in my tweet I said he
graduated kindergarten he graduated from
pre-k I forgot that he's born in January
and the years after which makes him one
year younger than Rima but he graduated
pre-k so say F congratulations and he
thinks right now that he's done with
school he's done with everything and he
can finally live his life now what he
doesn't know is that he has 13 to 14
years left of school I haven't broke the
news to him I facetimed him by still
didn't break the news to him you guys
let me know if I should tell him the bad
news
oh you got the light-up sneakers
this is your light-up sneakers let me
see you light up let me see
hey that's lit say I like it hot you all
go what happened do me gang after that I
want to have this house just to check up
on the hamster do me jemelle kept acting
brave and saying that he's gonna carry
it he try to carry it and something
insane happened this is it
do me a IM with Dina and Haley what's up
it was crazy
hope you guys Loki look alike right this
interview that was done here on your
birthday I tweeted it I'm putting right
got tweeted it and you look like Dina
everyone's saying Dina Dina Dina
Deena's getting real sleepy right now we
just finished an Instagram live and it
was the craziest thing I love because
our voice was like pitched in the
Instagram I do not know why but I called
it insta mini vlog so let me know if you
guys like that one more it's the mini
vlogs let me know exclude me say you'll
Adam do a mini insta and it's a mini
vlog and I'll do like this I'll be out I
ran the place I don't know how I can be
home outside giman how's Emma just Lord
the hamster they want to carry it and I
do not know why they say that because
they're both like really scared and also
Japan announces crush she's another
musically artist who looks just like him
and around this age what's her name
Piper what raffle so when you first find
out about her maybe like when I hit
twenty thousand on Mexico when you hit
twenty thousand so you thought you was
at that level to hit her up Wow she say
she's so big she said she's way too big
well way too big you thinking to be
hearing it three mil yeah Malthus is
getting a three mil how do you know
because number she said that how could
she speaking musically oh oh
how could she did he look it up I move
know then how do you know she doesn't
risen because oh you watch all that
stuff wow really what's your name paper
what rock type of rock oh nice oh my
gosh is a spit what about the other
girls out of junior matter
okay okay number one change some tonight
hamster guys hands is about together
that was just Joe Maddon commands news
every day we gotta get stay updated with
his relationship status how you guys
always gotta say everyone was asking
every day sis pretty much the same is
just single like a dollar by single no
no means I am single he's not seen guys
let me know if I should do a vlog of
like having the camera inside with a
duty for yeah like 24 hours like I put a
GoPro ops yeah they'll be crazy right
and put on time left just to see what it
does night night it never wrong
yeah wrong side of those crazy stuff
alright guys we put a treat on your
man's hand see if it comes out
guys literally like macaque at night and
like it's really loud people it's just a
baby
okay you guys what's wrong with you stop
sighs what do want to do Jemaine wants
to fight at do me now you would have
one-on-one fight so write this you
always have a one-on-one fight okay
we're gonna give me one but you start at
the head okay you want someone on the
point we hands up lets you fight okay
let's bring you do me what do we come
okay bring you do me yes do me huh you
said you wanna fight right he says he
wants the one I want fight what about it
and he says he wants a one-on-one fight
it's in right there but do me or stop
calm down you step back it doesn't run
that fast to choke me calm down maybe
but to fight a hamster guys like I do me
so cute do me so cute man look at him
look at him oh my God look at that
gorgeous pretty thing I love a do me man
let me another treat okay I'm gonna give
it any old Sheree let me give it a treat
you man no give me the treats oh yeah
you don't take it I'll take it out bring
it back bring it back up bring it back
up
it's just me come on why is it nobody
scare huh okay sorry nice calm down calm
down
Nina what do you think about your
brother
hey baby he's a crybaby I'm just I'm
dying look at D like it Deena's gonna be
of me bummed I love you Tina put me
scared I love you so much okay okay the
ham says I can do nothing but loons are
not gonna do nothing
you're my 20 okay Deena so so much don't
be mean and she's a good you're friendly
they're nice not why cuz it because a
bit on the Jomon yeah that's what but it
doesn't bite I promise it's not as just
friendlies going like this like this
that's it
so do you want to carry it yeah okay
okay never mind never okay okay look it
what kind of pets do you like huh you
like Santa Claus oh really oh that's
your favorite Santa Claus we're gonna
make him all older brother but I mean be
a Santa Claus okay my older brother
Ava's gonna be Santa Claus guys I'm
sweating so much
oh my god I'm looking like Vasavada
Helene man it was a crazy day go I'm a
Janita insane and crazy Wow
I like it's a pal Vina my girl Halen Hey
a parent
I'll see you carry it Ravin all you want
to do the handshake - this - a dose
family handshake go boom boom boom boom
boom
whenever I see you guys it do me again
any time I see you guys this will give
you guys the past if you guys know the
secret handshake I think you can see
that I always do from now on any person
I've seen in the duma gang i'ma come to
you guys and do the secret handshake and
if you guys know it that means you are
arrived at I do if you know this
handsome
you guys gotta know a natural like
doesn't see that magazine naturally
that's got a no - tree this year
you know it when I see you guys I want
to do the secret handshake and if you
guys know it's gonna give you guys an
easy pass some is calling me
mean it was the first one to pick up the
hamster Oh bro the hamster been and he
was going crazy like running and crying
yeah bro was all over the floor like who
was so scared a funny man yeah yeah man
hummus is awesome huh hi guys house in
highlighter playing UFC the night's
almost done I have to put Dina to sleep
hey kitty knows I don't want and go like
this I have to say Dina she can only see
like this
Pasadena Dean
and I have to go like that for like 30
minutes and then she finally sleep this
has been like a tradition for like a
really really long time she loves me I
love Deena so much even though she's
pretty
just when I thought no just when I
thought when the night was over
Deena
not play hurt it
Javad heard the voice message that Jason
sent to me it was I'm still deciding if
I should release her or not so guys keep
me I don't know I've seen you guys
telling me not to meet him but let me
know if you guys want to hear it I don't
know but because it's like if he gave me
that and it's kind of like a public
thing so I'm I might as well show it I
don't know hey do me gang I am back here
to end the vlog I hope you guys all
enjoyed this vlog I tried to change it
up a little bit make it like a little
hosts vlog let me know if you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey also with
dooming I think tomorrow I'm gonna show
you guys the voice messages of Jason and
I will explain to you guys why tomorrow
so I'm gonna show you guys tomorrow so
be prepared to do me young I'm gonna see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace I
love you guys so much thank you guys so
much for everything thumbs up and do me
a thumbs up if you made it to the end
everyone is watching this right now if
you made it to this part thumbs up I
love you guys take care bitch I like
