having a lot of money changes a person's
personality well you know wealth can
actually change a person's behavior
hey do me yank please excuse my voice
I'm not feeling too well I feel so sick
and it is freezing out here
what's up and do me yank I hope you all
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day in Douma gang as you guys know
my little brother is getting married his
henna is actually tomorrow so around 20
family members of mine they're
travelling from around the world and
they're coming here because they're
gonna go to the Hannah and the wedding
of my little brother
my whole generation is coming together
so I'm about to go get a haircut right
now it is actually snowing outside it
looks like the freaking North Pole
matter of fact let me go upstairs to
show you guys cuz it's not even a joke
it's November 15 and it's already
looking like a blizzard out here I
posted this on my Instagram story and a
lot of you guys like oh my god the snow
is beautiful I love the snow I wish I
had snow yes don't get me wrong the snow
is beautiful the snow is fun for one day
but then after that it gets really
annoying and all the people who live in
New York they know exactly what I mean
it's literally what like what the heck
Bros a lot of snow where the hell did
the grass go oh my god come on no man no
I shouldn't be doing this because I'm
sick but while it oh oh it's actually
really good Wow
it's actually the good snow the ones
where you can make the snowballs and
crack people they they don't in my dad's
car hey it's the nice sticky snow you
can make snowballs and snowman oh oh
mother look at the Trent but what that
look at the trip believe me and look at
this shovel look at the table this is
crazy it's literally a freaking blizzard
out here man I really hope it goes away
what's so pretty my how you doing yo my
dad never yells out of Austin man he
just know the whole Pepsi man Bobby just
spill the whole freaking Dr Pepper
Mostyn you spilled the freaking dr.
pepper stop dancing what kind of dancing
is that he's copying this dude that's
another level of torque you know what
the heck what the heck yo it's actually
snowing so much I really hope my family
actually lands today because they're
coming from our little brother's wedding
and it's snowing so much so the flight
actually might be cancelled so I really
hope they land safely Shalala but right
now do me Hank I'm about to go get a
haircut
and come back wish me luck because
there's a freaky crazy storm out here
and after I come back for my haircut I
need to talk to you guys about something
so do me a
I'll see you guys in the next shot do me
gang I really shouldn't be doing this
because I feel so sick but the kids they
want to make a snowman
I'm here with Rima and say f what was
going on there having a crazy snowball
fight now my brother ate eight cakes
what up C what up man he's saying his
beautiful weather I don't think it's
beautiful weather I just think it looks
beautiful but it does not feel that
beautiful but since the kids want to
make a snowman we won't make a snowman
today I just got back from getting my
haircut I was about to do the video
talking to you guys about what I wanted
to but first we're gonna make a snowman
here in New York City in his Blizzard
they were saying in the news that the
last time it snowed this early in New
York was like 1952
my father was 2 years old well I can't
put the fingers cuz I got socks as
gloves but sorry guys I'm an Arab it's
our things our but let's see what kicks
you got under the snow here I have my
snow sneakers what are these Jordans
yeah Muhsin he's gonna get sick yeah I
chef no don't be careful slowly first
okay all right Jordan 14 14 yeah it's
for the snow only
Oh every day from now on I'm gonna show
you guys what kicks is Abe wearin
because he's always wearing some next
crate he's such a sneak ad man I'm not
like that but he's a big big city guy
for real
hi guys we're starting up the snowman
just how you make a snowman you got a
chat with me good old feel my tell me
bitch Oh
watch your back you can't do it
ready 1 2 3 push stop something alright
guys we got the first piece of the
Snowman right here
I just fixed the diameter I'm trying to
make this snowman really lit try to make
it a masterpiece so don't do that please
please this is how we make the pieces we
already got one piece this is gonna be
our second piece right a second and
third piece because I feel like this is
a lot to him Eddie's dude without gloves
man you should have put on socks this
dude is buggin man all right guys we got
the second piece aybe kicks it's about
the help you pick this up and put it to
that piece right there
wish us luck and Rima Walmart come watch
out one two three let's do you good Oh
um it got put on freakin side tryna goes
back trust me
a doobie egg this is the last piece as
you guys can see I'm still not done I
gotta make sure that it's smooth I made
this snowman as tall as me this is still
gotta make sure the density it's too
good boom boom I got the grapes they've
got the carriage I'm gonna put that why
is it such a small carry we're gonna
have it here oh my god these Pinocchio
no man we're gonna make the Snowman an
Arab snowman we're gonna put on him a
shudder a gem beer since it's my
brother's wedding
I have mama shredder on I'm about to put
it on here in the Snowman okay do me
Hank I know this was so dangerous to do
but I had so much fun it took me like an
hour hour and a half to make this with
the help of my brother eight kick we got
the Muslim the Arab snowman in the
building right here look at this yo this
is the open this is the first time ever
I make this cool of a snowman snowman is
dope man I'm gonna keep him out here
literally he's gonna stay out here he's
chillin man he's gonna be telling
everyone out here what's up what's
poppin I'm gonna call him unis this is
my friend my snowman Eunice I'm gonna
check up tomorrow hopefully he's still
here I'm gonna be so mad if he's not
here and you know what we're gonna see
whoever breaks it because we got cameras
over here we're gonna find who's the
Snowman murderer because I remember last
time I made a snowman someone freaking
messed it up in my old house in the
projects and there's no cameras there so
this time we got cameras is getting cold
out here I'll make sure he's good she
loved you man stop my Camila do me gang
I'm back from outside for making a
snowman with my family I kind of regret
it because I'm feeling a little bit more
sick but at the same time I don't
because I made a dope snowman hopefully
about tomorrow it is still there because
some Butthead moved it but me my older
brother would put it back but anyways it
do me yang I told you guys that I want
to speak to you guys about something I
wanted to mention to you guys something
that caught my attention there's this
YouTube channel that's called the most
merciful and they uploaded short videos
about Islam and has great advice on how
to follow the Sunnah but they just
posted this video that had me on the
thumbnail and basically what they were
talking about was the biggest threats to
a Muslim person's faith so it's not a
major sin it's not some horribly Haram
thing it's wealth and fame
the love for wealth and the love for
fame now as well for bad thing no the
pole I don't really know why they have
money kicks his face in this picture as
if they know who he is personally money
kicks is a close friend of mine and he
is one of the most humble the most
generous with a kind kind heart him and
his father they're so sweet their is so
nice and to have him there it's kind of
rude having a lot of money changes a
person's personality well you know
wealth can actually change a person's
behavior I first of all thank you so
much for choosing a really good picture
it makes you seem like that money
changed me and it changed my personality
first of all money has never ever
changed me as never ever changes my
personality because if it did my family
will be the first one to let me know I
mean it's cool if you were to use like
stock pictures but the fact that you're
using actual youtubers is kind of wrong
I know how I am my family knows how I am
and Allah knows how I am and that's all
that matters it's as if they're saying
I'm the biggest threat to Islam and I'm
low-key kind of upset because I used to
watch their videos and their videos used
to always make me feel better
even brought my faith up whenever I was
feeling down or feeling sad so to see
them targeting me pointing out my sins
and saying that I'm the biggest threat
to Islam really hurts this is what I
mean when I say that Muslims are the
biggest threat to Islam because they
push their followers away they also had
pictures of Dina Tokyo money kicks
fouseytube Islam is beautiful but
Muslims aren't they're really not and
it's also so funny to me because they
put me in the thumbnail because I know
they're trying to get views they're
trying to catch the people's attention
so the hypocrisy is real guys oh yeah
it's all good I guess I'll just find
something else that'll remind me about
Islam and give me healthy unjust advice
and reminders about Islam also do me
gang and to anyone who's watching this
right now I did my research on this
channel I dug deep so in this video
that's called the biggest threats to
your faith powerful reminder by Omar
Suleiman so the person speaking in that
video is Omar Suleiman he's someone who
I truly respect he is someone who I look
up to and he is not the person who
uploaded this video because I'm sure he
knows that it's wrong it is the channel
the most merciful who uploaded this
video they are a group of youngsters
because as you guys can see in the
description right here it says please
support the needy by donating what you
can click here to donate
I wanted to know a little bit more
information on it so I clicked on
and it said supporting the needy charity
so it got me thinking who is the needy
is that the people in Yemen is it the
people in Syria is it the people in
Palestine is it the people in Pakistan
is it the people I don't know in Africa
so I was like you know what let me just
read the details in the donation page
and it says this hi there we hope you
all in a great status of health and
faith we are a group of youngsters which
we're passionate about supporting those
in need and we would love you to work
with us in this campaign by donating
what you can and the main goal is to get
a smile from those in need you know I'm
still thinking who are those in need a
smile of gratitude and happiness is a
priceless feeling so we are looking for
your collaboration to make this goal
happen together we are stronger remember
the law of life regardless how much you
give it will always come back thank you
so much and have a great day heart I
don't know man when there's donation
pages like this they need to be more
specific because I've in life this seems
a little Shady
that's why I never really trust these
Muslim religious pages where they say
donate and let's help the needy
having a lot of money changes a person's
personality well you know you never know
man some people they use these donations
to keep it for themselves not saying
that you guys do but it just seems
really sketchy to me especially the fact
that you put me as your thumbnail you're
looking to get you know views and for
people to donate I mean if you want to
get donations and stuff like that you
can hit me up I don't mind helping you
guys out as long as it's legit because I
am doing my own campaign for Yemen real
soon with the American Foundation we're
helping the people in Yemen because they
need us so I encourage you the most
merciful to be more specific seriously
do me hang it to anyone who's watching
this I want to know your thoughts what
do you guys think about this personally
I wish they would remove me in their
thumbnail as I noticed with people like
this they never tend to listen even if I
do say remove me myself my face from
their thumbnail people like this they
never listen especially when I talk out
of respect and say it with respect
they'll just find a way to make
themselves seem like they're right much
love to everyone out there I appreciate
everyone who commented below in that
video I didn't even mention anything
about the video and a lot of you guys
already had my back and it kind of sucks
because I've always been judged ever
since I was younger you guys already
know me I don't care I'm all about
positivity I want to give a huge shout
out to this comment it doesn't even have
a name or a profile picture but it says
Salaam everyone the picture of Adam on
the thumbnail call my eyes instantly and
I'm sure it has for everyone personally
I think that's not appropriate approach
because this picture and the topic of
this video can cause so many symbolism
in terms of displaying Adam as a bad
person we all make mistakes knowingly
and unknowingly myself included and may
allah subhanho wa taala forgive and
grant mercy upon us I mean but there was
no need and putting Adams picture on
there Adam can be repenting in the dark
hours of the night and Allah is the all
seeing and hearing I kindly request
please whoever made this video change
the picture wow you are a real one I
don't usually comment but I needed to
because I think it's inappropriate and I
would probably get punished I didn't
make this aware we Muslims shouldn't be
exposing anyone about anything in
general because allah subhanaw taala can
expose us anytime i'm really sorry this
message has to come too long but just
like allah to those if you're still
reading at this point may Allah guide us
all I mean there is also a lot more
comments defending me saying that they
should remove me in their thumbnail
which I really appreciate thank you guys
so much that's all I asked for
move me from the thumbnail
matter-of-fact removed that video and
re-upload it without anyone's picture
but anyways to do me hang I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you guys
so much for your support and love I
appreciate it so much guys for the
Middle East Europe and India tour the
special guests will be announced on
Sunday one of them will be announced
Sunday and the second one will be
announced a few days later you can get
your tickets to Adam Solly
tor.com these are the cities that I'm
coming to literally in like a week or
two I will be seeing you guys so I
cannot wait do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day do me
any thank you guys so much for love and
support I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace love you
