pretty mom I got you a big surprise what
guess what it is
hey guys what's up and do me dang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having you're gonna
save me guys he knows that the teacher
is gonna come here in a couple hours
I think either his mom or dad told him
that get ready the teacher is gonna be
here and the teachers always here for a
couple hours so he always like I don't
know he just hates it he wants to have
fun at home but same time he needs to
get education and learn but he hates it
so so much like he's only 2 and he
already hates school do you love school
do you love teacher why like those tears
do you love logging your like vlogging
alright guys so today's gonna be a
really really fun day we're gonna go
outside shopping and I'm gonna do
something really really crazy as usual
I'm always doing I'm always doing
something crazy every single day plus I
want to tell you guys something a lot of
guys were tweeting without me even
saying anything nominating me for the
Teen Choice Awards I just want to say
thank you guys so much I appreciate all
your love and everything like voting for
me nominating me without me even saying
anything there's a lot of new
subscribers probably around a million
new subscribers from last year we're
going outside
well you just used me to make him smile
and leave gosh hey can we do that they
don't make me smell bad I was saying
please do not nominate or vote for me
for Teen Choice Awards if it's something
else I don't mind but Teen Choice Awards
nope and I'm gonna tell you guys why
because last year you guys do me again
you guys went crazy turkey like la you
guys voted so many times day and night
you guys didn't even sleep voting
non-stop every single second to the
point where I was like first place on
Twitter the one the nominees came up I
wasn't even in the nominee like I didn't
even win I wasn't even in denominator
yes because I was literally number one
on Twitter I was the top one on Twitter
and for me to not be nominated just
shows that it's rigged and that the team
choice the teams don't choose they
choose it themselves and they use
people's fan bases to I don't know to
get I don't know like people going and
watching their stuff and plus I saw
Shane Dawson's video on the Teen Choice
Awards he exposed them big time and that
was like that was like the icing on the
cake so thank you Shane Dawson for
showing that to me thank you do me Aang
for nominating me but do not nominate me
for Teen Choice Awards if it's for
anything else I will do it I don't care
and if you guys do not know I make my
own vlogs I edit my own vlogs no one
edits for me I do my own shows I'd have
my own merch I pretty much have like
everything on my own like I'm a
self-made person on YouTube no one
really like the only people that help me
is obviously my team like nas some
helped me out that if my family will
help me but there's no one obviously my
partnership to helps me a lot I don't
have like YouTube workers to edit the
videos for me I don't have like YouTube
awards to give me an award to make me
look like I'm successful or cool I can
be successful on my own I handle at and
I just want to thank a do being Allah
and my family for bringing me where I am
today and they're sold out and a lot of
you guys always have fun and we've never
really had any complaint in the shows
that you guys come just proves that do
me gang don't need nobody all we need is
ourself a lot my family and you guys
that's it we're always gonna be taking
over I don't need no Teen Choice Awards
no other you to boards to show me that
I'm cool or anything like that cheap
your own dreams do not I repeat do not
rely do not rely on other people or
other things to to make you be
successful rely on yourself and that's
what I do that's what I always plan on
doing in the future like having secret
projects letting out you know letting
out so many stuff for you guys so many
vlogs so many videos so many Instagram
pictures anything it could be anything a
song album I don't know a book I do it
all on my own I choose my own no one
controls what I say what I do I control
my own thing and I am myself but yeah
with that being said let's start the
vlog
I love you guys thumbs up subscribe if
you haven't subscribed because we just
reached 3 million subscribers and we are
on the way to 4 million hi guys I am in
one of my favorite places in New York
City it is called Soho we're heading to
the bathing ape store if you guys don't
know was bathing ape it's a really
really really really really expensive
brand that my brother wants to go to
because he's a Shopaholic by the way
look at his outfit like you got the
sneaker con shirt on you got the dope
snapback you got some adidas sweats and
the copper easy so that's the coming
traffic New York City traffic
oh man you wanna hold my hand
I don't know if you know this but
there's this other brands called supreme
do you like it or not Lord that's all
right so supreme I like both Alex
supreme and bathing apes but there's
this guy in New York City who loves the
brand bathing ape so bad that if he sees
anyone wearing supreme in the street or
near the bathing ape store he beats them
up I'm not even joking he beats them up
like he hurts them i'ma show you guys a
quick clip right here somebody went
supreme he's gonna beat them up if he
see someone wearing supreme he beats
them up I'm not even joking this is New
York City for you guys i forbade the
april supreme yeah but still if anyone's
wearing supreme in front of him
this dude is insane he's known for
beating people up who wear supreme which
is kind of dumb I'll knock him out bro
he's huge I'm talking about he's big bro
I'm telling you he's missing
don't matter okay the mine bathing eggs
right there
this is the bait store this guy is
wearing supreme in front of the deep
store have you heard of that big guy
like goes oh yeah we're talking about so
you know you're not scared we're supreme
why are you here not an obviously that
guy I've seen videos of my mom
yo caliphate is you draw he's big of
everybody move the supreme because I do
this yeah he's crazy
thank you so much
all right so we weren't allowed to film
inside the bathing ape store now they
didn't allow us to film you're not a lot
of fun with it because it's like super
exclusive only like Kanye West or like
Chris Brown whatever shop in there but
mean Abe we got something so dope so
sick I got something else purple you got
something that's red but it costs it so
so much it was like me like once with
just a sweater and it was $500 just
first winner we're just gonna show you
guys inside the rat so this is mine
right here I got this purple sweater it
is so sick so dope when I post a picture
on any TV I make sure you guys like it
comment Abe got this
they've got this red one here I'm done
shopping
my brother Abe was a shot even more
supreme well tell me the guys gonna come
and beat us up come on what do you mean
like um he's gonna beat us up I know I
know how to box but he's like he's gonna
beat us up traffic traffic chest
who me wanna throw like that should we
get a dog like that to get a dog
everyone is eating around me drinking
around me and especially in New York
City you pass through like these come
out cards over here that's making me
like hungry brother something hungry we
can win speakers I have those ones money
kids give you those ones Bobby getting
to try we should I try to get I already
got I got the white one those my try to
get those I've never I don't know you've
annoyed sperm right there yeah yeah yeah
yeah be humble what but be humble what
what be humble I'm still with you
my last stroke just
how do you know it
why are you singing Adama Deema
guys this is like digit spitter this is
fidget spinner heaven look at this wow
look how many fitness video
what is this supposed to be this is a
money one
i I do mean EXO I'm done shopping with
clothes so I'm at this place where they
sell like these stuffed animals that
look so so real as you guys know rema is
so scared of pets and I believe Morris
I'm scared of pets too pretty much my
whole family's scared of cats
so since this place sells like these
real looking soft animals I am gonna get
a pet dog and I'm gonna Brittany I kind
of real this look and I'm gonna bring it
home this is a huge I'm gonna bring it
home and I'm gonna show my whole whole
family and they're gonna get creeped out
and freak oh my god I will get a new pet
either tomorrow or the day after
tomorrow I'm so deciding on what to get
but for now I'm gonna get this real
looking dog whoa this dog looks so real
look at this tell me that's all it
doesn't reveal what the heck looks so
legit it's so awkward carrying my pet
and taking it to the register so I can
buy it
ah should I name it pet don't you hate
that I know you guys look how I'm gonna
buy the dog this is so funny what you
guys are selling it here I don't know
guys like my dog's gonna pack it over to
them
so how do you I don't know what to name
him yet but sunlight he's good do me gag
I finally made it home
this dog caused me a lot of trouble this
$400 dog yes I got this stuffed animal
dog this huge dog for $400 I got out the
uber I was carrying this dog with one
hand and my camera with the other hand
and while I was walking home another dog
see me carrying this dog so that dog is
like this huge pit bull was barking at
me and this dog and I started running
away and the dog literally was like
about to chase us and the owner couldn't
even hold the pit bull I was so scared
for my life and I was thinking to my
head like damn I should have never
brought this freaking dog to scare Rima
and Mawson now I'm getting freaking
scared I was like revenge karma got me
but I'm still gonna do this prank on
Rhea and Watson who's a good doggie come
on doggy
come on come on come on fetch go get it
go go you go go I'm also thinking about
doing a couple videos with this dog in
public outside but for now I'm gonna
reveal it to Mawson and Rima first I'm
gonna show it to Rima because she's in
another room having fun with the games
that I gave her I snuck this dog inside
my room I'm gonna put on some barking
noises and I'm gonna bring Rima and tell
her that my pet dog it's finally here so
let's see how it goes I am looking up
dog barking sound effects so we can find
this is by the way a German Shepherd
alright this the only one that I can
have it's a lot of types of dogs barking
Marcin ARIMA won't know but I'm gonna
play the dogs barking while they come
let me see I'm gonna put this pillow on
top of my laptop so they won't know that
it's my laptop and I'm gonna keep the
dog right here this is good yes I'm a
place
Rema Rema
I think muscle is crying he's with his
teacher Rima closed guys I have a
surprise for you close you guys keep it
close keep it close I'm a really really
big surprise you know you open it no I
have a big surprise for you pretty mom I
got you a big surprise what guess what
it is
a Barbie Nova's not a Barbie's close to
I'll guess what it is good keep guessing
what is it it's not a Fishman I give you
so many keep guessing
okay Pat is it a what it's better than a
pet it's a new member of The Addams
Family
it's our new dog go see it say hi
everyone three month three months three
months a good dog pet it it's good Rema
Rema Rema it's good Remo Remo Remo I'm
gonna get this all you got man look you
got mad she didn't know this is a big
dog this girl is seriously scared of
dogs man now I'm gonna bring mustn I
don't know if he's scared or not beasts
two years old and I've never really like
seen him goats like any animal bombing
the big bus in and we're gonna see what
he does
close it close it what is that what is
that huh look at this oh look it likes
the dog yes most it likes it yes yes
give it a big I'm so surprised but some
like the dog you like it I'm gonna give
it a big hug give it a big kiss in a
because you're the big kids come I'm
dying he's not scared
let's see Remo again a Remo Remo
Rema come with your brother huh it's a
real donkey sad to come diet lawson
loves it do you love Lawson yeah you do
yeah see this one lesson is an OG man yo
G Yuva pretty much say thumbs up here to
bring a new dog a real dog yeah you know
what that's it just put that thumbs up
and I'll bring a real real dog I have a
friend who has a real dog so I'll bring
him and it's a big dog it's bigger than
this German Shepherd sick so guys this
is my new pet right here I don't know
what's his name you guys give me a
comment below what's his name because
I'm gonna use them in a lot of videos in
the future so let me know what it
comments below and if you guys want me
to get a real real pet give this vlog a
thumbs up and I will get a real pet only
from Austin because Marcin is a pet
lover and Rima is it so if you guys want
a real pet thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care and I'll owe you I love you I
love you
