look at this do ya
what head tonight selasa assalamualaikum
ado me yank i hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day in Douma gang today is a
beautiful day but it's super cold here
in New York City I hate this freaking
weather I cannot wait till I go to the
Middle East because I heard the weather
is beautiful at this time let me know in
the comments below how is the weather
like in your city it is freezing here
it's like 30 so cold guys let's start
this why by giving it thumbs up thumbs
up dance hey hey hey hey
Rima can you do me a favor can you go
you me a cup of water I'm really thirsty
man like it's so hot out here and I need
a cohort thank you so much just real
quick man do me gang I got this fake
finger on me right get down so you guys
already know what I'm about to do this
is not the official prank I'm doing it
on my homies slim will cast Mickey and
whoever is with me tonight playing
basketball I'm gonna try to pull the
biggest prank ever on all of them at
once Ryan I'm about to do it on Rima
Muhsin
I don't think he knows what I'm saying
do you know what I'm saying thank you so
much very much just gave me a nice cup
of water cuz be careful it's freezing
cold guy y'all want to try to jump let
me try to jump oh let me just move I
think
that was just a fake finger that I had
let's go inside yes man I have my
frickin pinky look here's a side you
want to get it from me yes I see it like
this right that's it please go get it
oh my fingers don't man I can go get it
you know get my finger yeah I go Thank
You Musti Thank You Mohsen you're so
sweet for getting my finger I fix it huh
Muhsin don't tell Ramon don't tell you
okay okay you sure you're my freakin
finger huh bla look all my finger huh my
finger one finger just holding all my
finger me hold my finger pretty much
just hold my finger close your mouth I
do me gag
I'm gonna pull the biggest prank on my
homies today all at once something that
I've never ever done before so wish me
luck I'm about to leave in a few I'm
with Ramon Mauston right now what
happened what it doesn't like pass what
is that no homework hello
how do you have a no homework pass what
the hell are you telling me if you're
good in school they give you a no
homework pass what you know that's like
the coolest thing ever so whenever you
don't want to do homework why are you
gonna use it today so you're gonna go to
the movie theaters and then you're gonna
go to school and use it to be honest I
don't actually know I wish I would have
had these when I was in school and no
homework pass how much homework do you
have you have a lot or a little bit
reading log spelling
nah and that's it to be honest I think
you should use this on a Friday because
they're probably gonna give you so much
homework that after that the whole
weekend you have no homework oh maybe
wait for a big vacation and you can use
it during a big vacation right yeah so
you can still do your homework the movie
theaters an hour and a half and you come
back and you can still do homework
everybody's wants to use her no homework
pass that's it she's wants to use it
yeah okay
if it starts 4:30 then it finishes like
6:00 then you could come back into your
homework and you can save that homework
pass come on be smart I'm 25 Reema
you're only five
oh my buddy or seven I'm so sorry your
is it a six and a half or no okay guys
as you guys know almost every single
night I go to work out I go play
basketball or I have something where it
keeps me active so this time while I'm
playing basketball I'm gonna praying
every single one of my friends and
whoever's there if there's any extra
people there I'm pranking up to the
reason why I'm doing this is because
everyone is hacks you guys don't know
what's a hack a hack in basketball
someone who keeps freaking fouling you
touching you like you know just always
touching you and fouling you during
games I always get scratched up
everywhere my body so hopefully this
prank makes them stop hacking I got this
finger right here look right there look
look how real it looks this is gonna be
so fun look at this but to make it even
more realistic I got fake blood and I
also got fake flesh I'm going hard to do
me I'm going hard on them look at this
look at this fake flesh this is
disgusting ill oh this is just oh my god
this is nasty
I'm gonna put some fake flesh under this
finger right here look why do you want
to do me Hank I just put the fake flesh
on the finger look look at this this is
crazy
now I'm gonna put some fake blood and
then I believe we're ready to go do me
yank you guys are in this with me we're
doing this together let's try and get
this video to 25,000 thumbs up if you
guys want me to do more crazy pranks on
my friends while we're doing activities
like this thumbs up this video can we
get 25,000 thumbs up yes we can all
right guys the fake fingers here this is
the fake blood right that yes yes this
is good yes oh my god they get it this
is nasty man even I'm disgusted like oh
look at this
yeah this is insane I just made the
perfect real-looking finger with flesh
blood and a fake bang yo I'm a G for
this yo bro I may eat this finger I
shall enjoy also do me I do not forget
to subscribe because I upload every
single day and put your notifications on
if you guys want to stay updated with my
videos every single day and you guys
will be the first ones to know when I
upload a video I'm not to go meet up
with slim and everyone right now I'm
gonna pretend it's a normal regular day
I'll keep you guys updated throughout
this prank journey guys wish me luck I'm
kind of nervous
Adam the prank master is back I'm
heading to them right now so do me I'll
see you guys in the next chat love you
guys love you thumbs up do me gang what
is poppin I just met up with the homie
slim and Vikas what you guys do not know
what I don't usually vlog is us always
going to play ball and working out
almost every city every other night the
keep is actually on his way to so am I
already played some ball who's want to
this game which every team on one is
gonna win yes no I hope what I'm gonna
do things we do the traditional
rivalries so don't ever say the V versus
the key with a match or some dope cut
don't say that it's basically me versus
animal cause by myself
a lot of heavy contact in the game so
today I'm gonna get to vlog the game I'm
finally gonna vlog of game on yeah I'm
finally gonna value see my buckets
you're gonna see with a hurt knee so I'm
gonna be dope I could be in a wheelchair
so I blame slam you freakin game you
know you sick boy yeah everybody
everybody around me cigarette road my
man I'm feeling it oh you you only need
it was massive Tokyo yeah what the heck
I guys about to go inside play ball see
you guys in next time guys what is
poppin we're here to stand out what's up
man what's up what's inning Michael
Michael you're not Michael man we just
beat some dudes all of us right we're
beating the keep see before
yo warriors may never know who the
Warriors I have a dream I agreed an
all-state team we got McGee right there
Kevin right here who thinks gonna win me
and him versus them two will play for
that money you know saying who you think
you guys share the money with me though
there guys we just met the homie Talia
but before I show him I'm sorry for
saying I'm sorry significant it's
literally like dig Paul's twin like but
with black hair and like better a
better-looking
Jake Jake what he's a fighter look yo
this is crazy
it's crazy man like this dude right so
Jay put a follow me
yeah you're better you're better than
Jake for Tyler Ferraro Tom's brother
Bram what is arrow with a bunch of oats
ice who played for the money how much
time to put up $1,000 $1,000 bet we're
bout to do right now it's about to be a
crazy game let's play do me and let's do
this Harrigan double set the camera off
right right
keep can catch
between
yo seriously what so happy in your hacks
Bo yeah I'm dying
wants it wants it wants it you know I
are just staring at me like like like
just a little odd yeah what is that one
gonna do I'm gonna give it one your
fingers I'm too scared bro I can't fuck
with that sir let's say you like the
fingernail oh my god it's disgusting
yo yo you won't believe what happened
bro
bro my finger both dumi gang I'm feeling
a bit more sick now but it's all good in
the hood because that prank was a big
success if you guys enjoyed that make
sure you guys give this video a giant
thumbs up and do me again seriously I
think this is one of my favorite pranks
ever because they are hacks they always
found me and hopefully this prank made
them stop because prank master Adam is
back look at the bruises I got look see
this look keep it up I'm prank you guys
even worse now but seriously doing I did
it for you guys I told you guys you guys
are in this with me and I would never
let you guys down also do me again a few
guys do not know I'm going out towards
to the Middle East Europe and India
right here platinum tickets are sold out
there's VIP tickets and stand there
tickets left VIP tickets is still a
meet-and-greet ticket I'm literally
going on tour in like two weeks after my
brother's wedding I cannot wait it's
about to be a crazy time I really hope I
feel better before the wedding and
before the tour you can get the tickets
at Adams silent or calm right here and
get the tickets for your city do me yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care do not forget to subscribe
because I'll upload every single day
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and pitch I like I like I like
you I like I love him hey like hey like
hey
