you're me too is creepy you're freezing
Oh anybody who ever stole your jacket
you're a punk
hey guys what's up a dummy gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day I literally just
woke up about the shower because I need
to go suit shopping all the woman
they're going to my brother's henna it's
something like before the big wedding
the men's hen is not to another few days
so us boys we're gonna go shopping for
suits and all the girls they're gonna go
to the henna and we're gonna meet them
later tonight I'm about to go get ready
right now then after I go sue shopping
but before I go and do me again I just
want to give you huge shout out to my do
me gang in the Middle East Europe and
India I am going on tour December and
January December will be Middle East and
India and January will be here oh if you
guys haven't gotten your tickets make
sure you guys get your tickets at Adam
solid tour calm which is right here all
the Platinum tickets are now sold out
but you guys can still get VIP tickets
VIP is still meet-and-greet I'll still
get to meet you guys I was too good to
talk with you guys so you can still get
the VIP ticket or a standard ticket I'm
sorry calm and doom again I cannot wait
to you guys the special guests will be
announced real soon and then the second
special guests will be announced a few
days later I cannot wait I got these
dope shades on let's get this day
started do me about giving this vlog of
giant thumbs up I want to see every
single one of you guys ever seen one of
my rided eyes give us like a giant
thumbs up so if you're here if you're
watching is if you'll first give this
vlog a giant thumbs up smash it come on
and wait come on G I'm not gonna go
shower and get ready enough that so he
gives vodka giant comes up I'm weigh-in
I'm weigh-in alright thank you I see
guys like shot a doobie gang I'm with
the family right now about to go
shopping
oh I'm going to South elevator we got
Bob Lassonde Hui Bob saucier what's up
what's poppin we gotcha man here Jame it
was probably we got most attorney Billy
Moses it what's up we got say you have
Savage save horse up say yes sana
we got a bursary cakes would and we got
hands up with somehow I got a book by
its habits do me gank we're all going
sooo shopping with the boys no girls
here the girls are in their own way and
the guys are in their own way shopping
it's about to be a wild shopping day
everyone be good and everyone listen
stop this is what happens when you try
to run my dad holds everyone's hands
right there but his kids are bad man so
what we're doing today we're getting
suits I'll be getting shoes for the
wedding party I sounds good sounds good
so the wedding's gonna be two days
there's one ahead another one is a
regular big wedding so what are you
doing the henna you just put on honey we
could put it yeah I don't I'll put out
henna so it's all good I need to choose
out a dope suit you need to chew that go
hold my dad's in go hold good lose him
go go
the police are right there you know what
I'm gonna tell the police you guys keep
being bad the police is gonna come yeah
the police are right there please sit
right there
look how quite they're not look look I
could look Empire State right there you
guys I'm also here with my first cousin
hey what's up in black someone to torna
nice is literally my I know it is 42
shopping I mean just seems random kid
like what are we doing this my dad is
about to try the suit he's give me the
first one
Oh
come on I like it though fuller dad's
wedding you're getting married
get out my dad is in the fitting room
he's trying on the clothes of God like
the spinner me everyone's just like not
that way all right so yeah yeah looks
dope yo hey you guys do not understand
how much I hate wearing suits but this
one right here looks so dope I'm still
trying to decide me my brother we're
getting the same colors have you gotten
your suit yes have you gotten your suit
know why you keep copying what I do
hi guys meet Ava in the fitting room
about to try the whole full outfit on
we're gonna be matching my brothers
getting married so let's do it were the
two brothers we got a match we got a
match you know let's try it out we got
the slim fit on she lets you there's
gonna be more handsome no one uses we
will do a competition cuz it's called
the fitting room ya know what the hell's
everyone do it again alright guys I got
my suit on Abe is putting his on right
now I don't have my tie yet he has his
tie we're trying to go for a different
look like a gray Hugo Boss soon and
instead of having white inside we want
to have black inside I don't know I like
the color black especially in this suit
looks so dope some black shoes ya know I
look like a doctor feeling like this
almost taxis man like tell hood all
right guys we're done I do not have my
tie but let us know what you guys think
we still have another week and a week
and a half to get suits should we get
this white we're like 95% might be
getting these yeah why do you have this
and I don't I don't have I don't have yo
that's not fair man special
because he's marrying her not what does
that mean you marry no mom I take it
vegan opinions from a little
nine-year-old
alright guys so we're still deciding
because we don't really like the pants
much it's kind of baggy from the bottom
I hate it when it's super baggy it just
looks weird but I'm about to get my
family's reaction my little brother's
actually here the one who's getting
married
I'll try my best to show him in the vlog
if you guys don't see him don't worry
you guys will see every the wedding
blood Yosef I give me your honest
opinion what do you think about this how
does it look on me I like a what
I like a bump do man what do you think
you guys let me know in the comments
below what do you guys think about this
throughout the next few days I'm gonna
be shopping for a bit more suits since
there's two days I need two suits I'm so
excited I'm so happy for my brother bass
aka Youssef I love you so much and I
can't wait for this we don't turn up in
your wedding hey how do you how do you
think it's to look Sonia looks good I
said they tell me that like a
professional bump this kid right there
and I'm snitching on you huh you hate me
hey yo guys what's poppin we got the
homie use of solid independent yo I just
want your opinion now won't you tell me
how does this suit look I'll be honest I
ya know it looks weird the wires still
there we haven't got here so let me know
how what you think
professional how do you think it looks
on me thank you he said I'm like a
professional always rose he always wrote
those bowlers good night it looks good I
like it looks dope
no that's dope though hi guys we're
going to Starbucks here and they cover
in their eyes cuz look at the section of
house that close your eyes
what are you doing is that PG static oh
yeah hi guys we're still doing some
shopping to do not always you know with
the kid no guys I'm looking from us and
I cannot find him you know what Boston
what's that you know it's not my son I
linked to my son who's your boy my son
link for my son
you looking for your son yeah yeah this
is yeah he's missing man he's wearing
blue or something oh he's wearing like
bluing great great he's wearing blue and
green you know what is going I don't
know yo yeah I'm sure
hey wait get behind you what Jesus
Christ with all your you what's where
yes Lord
Oh slow we're right on back behind hey
oh you know what let me put my book back
down oh my book back down to a quick
break
hi guys the homie Jamel I see you cuz
yeah
you ready for the wedding looks like
you're about to get married well he look
nicer hi guys we ended up going to this
other spot where they have taquitos of
stuff and they measure and the tailor it
to Matt is right here what's up man
how's it going good he's getting married
man why not you should get married man
let's see young how old you want to be
when you gonna get married you're never
gonna get married
what don't say that you need to say he's
never gonna get married you have to
marriage discuss that you had look he's
getting great here no no he's not today
yes don't greet here ramen not job well
yesterday we have intensify everyone you
didn't win hello Lisa I was a slut now
that happens that thinks he's bigger
than me
oh he tries to do is try to fight me and
he fails at it he feels like a broke
camera more higher so they could see me
and forever be a big one laugh Reeboks
I'm not here as I don't see all the
first well don't see one second of all
just the only ego get too high because
trust me it could be again really bad
third of all you and Yousef I watched
you guys yesterday I watched both
yesterday tomorrow we'll get some gloves
you want a box what love boxing okay I
love his confidence vote oh wow I love
his confidence yeah I love him
it's like I don't you want to hurt you
know anyone out there with a box beats
no I'm ready alright okay anyone 14
years old when a box happens it don't
say that can send you to work on a lot
of stuff you can see you don't see in
the more though yeah but not to work on
show them so what you don't want to see
that is they do tell us do something
this is a bigger than mine already a
stop stop besides were a double D
dumi gig the girls just got back from
the hen net of my brother's wedding well
it's a handout where they put on henna a
henna is one like they gathered together
what what do you guys doing henna I've
no I'm asking girls you play I'm saying
what are you guys doing weddings in the
Hendel smacking her yeah somebody to go
jackets
someone took her jackets yeah what the
heck bought their jackets yeah yeah
someone stole both of their jackets so
pretty much they went sit a hen dad
someone stole their jackets which is you
know one is no it's alright dorm but
it's just a jacket did you guys come on
Cole you're freezing all over so your
jacket you're a punk what you want to
tell them so people saw your jackets
what do you want to say remote to the
person who stole your jacket throw about
it to be honest you guys without the
jackets you guys look beautiful so
zhamuhe yeah it's called having a wife
yes it is so the men's hand I believe is
in a few days then after that it's the
wedding oh my god kids have fun are you
guys ready for the wedding oh did you
guys have fun yes one through ten what
kind of fun you guys out no 1 through 10
a sip does it sound like fun
what about you do you guys love each
other yeah yo how much do you guys love
each other a lot yeah
now a bit not a little bit do you love
must and Mauro Marcin deal of Dino boy
oh you guys are so cute together
what do you think about that
124 he do me gang I'm ending the vlog
here that's how I went for the ladies
today in there Hanna the men's head I
believe is in a few days
are you are you filming me like so if
you guys enjoy wog makes you guys give
it a giant thumbs up hey Fremont I'm so
sorry that had to happen to you data
I'm so sorry don't worry it was still
amazing you're beautiful we're gonna
wait for me downstairs I stopped sight
about that huh you stole a hundred
twenty five dollar jacket and another
hundred by jacket know how much that is
yes all right don't worry buddy
maybe the person just loved you guys so
much and you went to the jacket I don't
know maybe maybe you guys warmed them up
they get a bright side and I'll say
goodbye here smash it like but they've
got so much below the support I'll see
you guys tomorrow the mast-head nest
covered will soon after a snowy the main
wedding so do hang i'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care
