I wanna see the glass dam and I was the
biggest fail everyone I just hope not
bleeding enough last time I did I got
stitches on my head and staples a man
tall people do me yang I'm so sorry
about that I hurt like literally the
freakin middle of my head handedly I'm
not bleeding or nothing like that has
just seen at all people problems when
you're too tall
and like the light is kind of you know
this light needs to be gone we need to
take this light away yeah we didn't use
this light it needs to get the hell out
of here
do be gay the tickets for the Middle
East Europe and India they are now out
there now live you can get your tickets
right now you can get a platinum ticket
a VIP ticket or a standard ticket the
link will be in the description down
below quoits debate Oslo Copenhagen
Paris
d√ºsseldorf Amsterdam Rotterdam Bahrain
Amman Cairo Doha Mumbai I cannot wait to
see you guys it's gonna be an amazing
amazing time we're gonna start off this
vlog by doing a little singing
competition with the whole Adams family
we have Reema's guitar where she made
that song for me
you sound like a rat Greg alright stop
what do you got what do you got would it
be your rose we're gonna sit down yo yo
yo yo yo yo all you guys need to calm
down they always get excited whenever
I'll vlog must it must mean for once
he's actually doing really really good
actually a good boy so we're gonna get
the guitar in each member of the Addams
Family even myself where you gonna sing
to one person we're gonna choose to a
person who we want to sing to and we're
gonna dedicate that song to them and
witnessing who wants to go first
oh you guys are acting like freaking
beavis and butt-head man thrill man
sweater t-shirt reference shout outs of
woman hi guys everyone sit down relax
get your vocal cords ready because we
won't be singing it yeah that's what I
like to hear whenever I say here I want
to hear everyone else same here so even
on tour whenever I say do me gang let's
start observe live by giving it a giant
thumbs up thumbs up and do not forget to
subscribe because I'll upload every
single day that's got the started
singing competition with Adams family
I'll see you guys in the next Chuck and
do be gay I'm here without his family if
you guys do not know who's the Addams
Family I'm here to introduce you guys
he's ratchet ratchet kids the first
member he is the roastmaster he is the
Toastmaster
his name is the next member of the
Addams Family he is the bad boy he is
this savage his name is the queen the
sassy girl her name is this next member
of the Addams Family he is one of the
youngest he is one of the shortest but
he is one of the most powerful members
of the Addams Family his name is I love
how he knows he knows is him - no thumbs
down yes thumbs up okay those up what's
it thumbs up this hey hey hey hey this
next member of the Addams Family she is
the world's biggest sweetheart her name
is princess yeah she says Dena yeah no
one's gonna introduce me like
what about lodges here without him on
his atom ad AMSL eh eh you guys are the
first person who's gonna do the same
competition is the homie Muhsin mustn
you gonna go first yeah you ready who
you want to sing the song to you want to
sing this song to me honest so Steve
what are you gonna sing I decide why did
he sound so British why did he sound so
British say my name again
hi guys without further ado the homie
Boston he's dedicated this song to me
let's give a round applause first time
off tonight you're gonna have to sing
here cuz the cameras right there oh oh
so sweet yeah I got one two three I love
cupcakes to hear all I had yo guys
I'm dying man Muhsin was that freestyle
or what yeah I think you just give it
freestyle but that was a pretty good
freestyle for like before you hop up
okay so the next person up is gonna be
princess Deena
she's gonna be singing a song who are
you dedicating this song to you don't
have to always dedicate this song to me
you can dedicate it anyone else what you
want to dedicate it you can you want to
sing its song to me alright fine
I feel special man don't guess me up
bando hold the guitar guys Rondo polish
free Tina come on three two one go
that's my son don't take it what put
copyright you want to sing a different
song for me ideas gonna go again she's
gonna sing a different song three two
one alright guys that was pretty good
man
most of did not get the great ad they're
really really great the next person to
go roast messenger bag oh there you go
loves you guys get round the ball with
you man come on
I don't know why he's about to rap who
are you then it came in the song to be
slim its mini slim no all right guys
it's Gemma's turn in 3 2 1
yeah check it I wasn't gonna lose it
with a shiny first the worst is a fight
but you ain't nothing
did you win a fight remix I
I'm lost and I'm found
all right guys everyone is doing amazing
so far and now we have next up the bad
boy the savage say yeah guys run the
boat sail
who are you dedicating the song to you
yeah to me good or bad it's a host I
gotta say it's about to go in three two
one
yes I am like I'm gonna make water sleep
on the back oh no little snow rolls
tents guys run the boat sails come on
alright guys next up is the Queen sassy
Rima guys riding the bus Rima come on
where's the song dedicated to what who
do you in rose
alright guys rumours about to go in
three two one
guys no roasted nor Austin please Adam
you go to be honest I've even know what
to say what do you want to sing you and
I think I got you waiting you missing
way night alright guys everyone lean
back
yo this is dedicated to the princess
Deena she wants me to sing her song so
I'm a singer-song way neck
ask the work relationship still so far
from greatness still got time for good
girl still violated fate chick just got
home from Lebanon my password got so
full I had to get it not the one spot my
life in a runway PJs on a PJ head not
soy bean uh got baby I'll replay stack
paper like a briefcase imma make you
pass today
hey grateful for my ex thank you
grateful for my aunt's do me gang look
who we have in the building we have
Hamza this is yo my goodness mashallah
you know you
this dude grew a lot man yo seriously
man I remember when heavens it was like
when he was born
2005 came here socket just musically you
better set this one to six man I'll do
the stupid challenge bitch F slay you
know not doing no music to save this
that's what you should do huh shave this
I'm not I'm not shaving this what the
hell you can't grow on still a baby man
baby suddenly like I still do music
please it scares my music please and
take times this dudes will try to get me
to do tik toks music I'm not I'm not
doing no tik toks no music please just
do what look I'm not I'll reduce I
refused to do why I take time
rice brother is not gonna roast you no
no it's not that I don't I don't want to
do it six hard that's it let's go with
the six high please man just go I'm
gonna do this whew alright slow song
we're doing alright cuz I haven't done
musically for so long six nine I see you
Jamel Rima doing it so I saw song six
nine remote area
three let's get it I paused right here
yeah how does it know just start the
Paul just continue make it one cut no
bad so funny honey this is musically as
well it cracks me up
what the heck I save it save on we'll do
more tomorrow do me gang I already gave
away about four VIP tickets to you guys
who are coming to the Middle East Europe
and India tour in a few weeks and I also
already gave away to bed then as I have
three more people to choose I also want
to give one of you guys during the
Middle East tour one of these sweaters
right here this is a sweater that I got
from Japan oh it's kind of a funny
sweater look I have am I able to this no
no you can't win it where people go to
show doesn't have it come to the show
and do and demeyers welcomes you to
music it just come through and maybe
yeah it's gonna stretch it out oh my god
alright guys so pretty much I have this
6:9 sweater but it says this you
it says 96 I want someone who's born in
1996 to have the sweater so if you're
added I do mean you're born in 99 six
hit me up and if you're coming to the
middle no he's not I'm not giving it
away he's 97 I'm not I'm not really
these don't worry I still wanted take it
off okay it's not yours if someone who's
coming on tour it's for one of you guys
one of the do me again memories come on
take it off
how about this if I have to do its head
of those buzz presses I husband victory
shredder
yo if you can do ten I'll give you the
sweater right now fro I'll give it a
sweater but I really hope he doesn't
have sex I'm trying to give you guys
how's it you gonna break your freaking
like Hamza yeah I'm not gonna spy you
i'ma just laugh at you for going well
I'm left its to this bugging pretty
heavy too okay
yeah that was 9 and 3/4 guys a huge
shiner photographer that was amazing
no he's naive of the sweater man I took
that six-pack was critical
please I need you see it now gonna put
in a washing machine look except be us
but what a washer knock yeah so look on
the bright side I meet you work out you
had a good workout was dope my chest
good try really good know about it next
time just you know try harder if not
before you do me gang I'm giving the
sweater in the Middle East Europe or
someone in India the link is in the
description down below you guys can go
to Adam saw torque our first special
guest will be announced in six days so
stay tuned and then the second special
guests will be announced I believe a few
days after whoa but I better be in this
week me means I better be with it
special destiny I don't know me how to
make these plans in eyes you had asked
nos you know it's not this nice luck
should I do a nose yo do me game I'm
ending this bug here Habibullah hope you
guys enjoy this bye
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey um I love you
guys so much
don't forget to get your tickets for the
Middle East Europe India I love you guys
so much
do not forget subscribe because I upload
every
they um I love you guys take care and
pick up hello I love you guys too alone
