this is what you want yeah I've liked
with this and I think pictures with this
- do you like it or not you know you're
giving Reema competition now
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day dumi gang
the Middle East tour tickets are now out
the year of tour tickets are now out
Mumbai India the tickets are now out can
go get in the description down below the
first link down below we have one
special guest for the Middle East and
India tour we have another special guest
for the Europe tour seriously you guys
do not know how excited I am it's about
to be an amazing turn up we about to get
ratchet we're about to get lit middle
east always goes hard the Europe always
goes hard I haven't been there for like
years so I'm so so excited I cannot wait
to turn up with you guys I cannot wait
to meet you guys see all your beautiful
faces to anyone who gets tickets in the
next 24 hours there will be five special
people who each will get two more VIP
tickets you'll get to get my bandana
because this is my only bandana left
literally I don't have any bananas left
other than this one because in Indonesia
and Malaysia and Singapore everyone took
my bandana so I got to go buy a bunch of
more bandanas because I'm giving away
five bandanas to one of you guys and you
guys will have two extra VIP tickets you
can give it to your family you can give
it to your friends you can give it to
another dumi gang member whoever you
want so make sure you guys go get your
tickets you do not want to miss it do me
gang I'm here in the Adams family house
I'm about to go meet up with slim we are
going to this private event to be honest
I don't really know where we're going
but I hope it's fun but now slim just
texted me he said I'm not allowed to
wear stripes and it kind of sucks
because I also got this from Japan Ali
we have the homie Ollie here my mom is
here she's super loud on the phone I
don't know if you can hear her she's
organizing everything with the wedding
she's literally like the NAS of this
whole wedding it's tough are you talking
to me oh you seriously guys if I ever
shaved my beard is because of this kid
right here he annoys me so much when he
pulls it stop pulling my beard it'd do
me good what is poppin I'm here with the
homie Nate whatever and a homie slimmy
slippers pop name is lemon we're taking
us in a row we're going to the city bro
going to play the new Battlefield game
Adam the no battlefield game and we see
nice that's
place no way oh that's dope gaming
company called three six eight or some
like that and they invited us so yeah hi
guys so it's gonna be me slim and the
homie salad we're gonna pull up to this
event hopefully Casey nice that is
because I'm a really big fan of his I
used to watch his daily vlogs literally
every single day like I upload daily
vlogs but Casey and I sat someone that I
used to always always watch but he
stopped uploading so slim you know
shout-out to you for inviting me with
your invitation that you had you're
invited to the wedding to slim you and
your dad but Abe here got married way
like way before I'm the last one i'ma
wait and then slim when you getting
married
to be continued me too the same thing
with two we consider we get married
together I got a confession to make
pathology um the confession is I lost I
lost my my shades that I got that the
Fendi shoes you must order to use me
like I promised like hold that one like
I was like and you went home I like I'm
getting new ones right now like the bow
this is like I know um it's the thing I
think it's somewhere like in the UK
somewhere in that haunted spot Caulfield
I blame nods no cuz I'm not nuts took me
to this haunted spot in the UK and I
lost the song gasps I'm sorry man like
wallah like we thought there's a gender
we ran away then I got lost but now
we're getting I'm getting one wake me up
in the gym oh is it was Lucy Alex I need
four girls are boys hi guys I'm getting
these half shades right here hopefully I
don't lose them your shadow please so
you know I'm embarrassing myself
oh my god I'm embarrassing my boyfriend
right now could you know I'm loving
these shades come on man let me sure
gentle with that bro broke that looks
dope well it's weddings oh you're that
girl combined yeah no selfies no
photographs no enough I don't know if we
can even film in there or whatever but
we're gonna go in there have fun play
some video what is it battlefield 8 go 5
out of 5 so gonna play some battle I am
not that much of a gamer
Gary didn't know how to dance limp your
work foreign teams you'll just carry me
please I got you now like I'm not like a
piggyback ride but like a real you know
caring you know
you'll make it to the bad food
commercial let's do it yes and
supposedly you could get our commercial
that's why storm is telling me not to
wear no go for like an old school in
like 360 or something like that and I do
know is that like no binoculars like say
to you like you have a celebrity just
throw your name this has to be sniper it
has me a sniper don't aim just chuck it
him bro game language is crazy boss hi
guys you just got in here we could film
the homie case and ice that he is here
slim got popcorn looking such a chill
pyro met yo so apparently if you play
good like really good in this game the
batter food battlefield 5 to get to be
on the commercials will slim pilots know
I'm trash folders alright no school no
County on you guys just kill it like I
want to play right there Casey nice that
literally there doesn't show here you go
this is what you want yeah I like with
this and I think pictures with this
video you like it or not my friend's
father I just like the camper named Alex
don't I like it I like cuz it stabilizes
you know say I'm in every watching his
license plate you're mocking line
ready what about you guys because I pull
up next hi guys Casey just roasted my
block camera I didn't put on my shades I
don't know what to roast my freakin
shades I like them as long as I like
them they're slim is the biggest fail in
history so this place that's again L was
that 12 decided to sell that's all I
thought showed that 3/5 and we came at
3:00 when end it's all good so I get it
was fun oh my god it was a dope time
Casey was so nice slim guys this was it
this is what we became late so we
couldn't get to play it we came at
breathe our friend said my friend said
it started at 3:30 can you please just
give a big smack oh my god such a slim
moment this is why you leak numbers
unique addresses you know send me a
junction not do me any seriously was
still a fun fun time we were there for
like like a half hour the good thing is
we still made the commercial guys all
very much alter it we still made the
commercial yeah we made a commercial
like a sports be in there thank you even
though you've made that mistake that's a
big mistake
thank you still for like to having us
there you still go again Oh topic oh we
could we get to play the game I don't at
least look at the plus I know it is to
see you suck playing darts here when
you're admitted bro nice I think he's
the best he cool he swing nice template
of us what are you doing I'm gonna get
all both sides very nice people
Thank You Man I appreciate a bone give
them a chance my man and food and food
is like holy moly
I know a lot about the religions
no you got no other to die those people
muscle people they're cool to a cousin's
bro or cousin rather hang out my country
to my brother yeah any times day wow how
many people know that five times is it
yes yeah no one you realize and you guys
look what's put days your Jamar you know
our drama is Friday I don't know you
know not like a Friday prayer Saturday
Friday night I went with you she was the
isn't that what do you guys do what what
days is every morning Friday or Saturday
morning by the nights I wish no bro
there's like the religious thing yet and
beautiful you look so well-rounded yeah
I became around it's a good thing you
know
good good parents No thank you my
parents are asleep
random I ended up at this magic spot at
a Sikh egytian right here is gonna show
us what are you saying college hearts
six all right so we take the six of
hearts leave it on the bottom of the
deck
right there right now the magician comes
back and he flies the car
wow that's so cool bro you see that I
don't know what they hug what the cord
oh wow and it came out what that's
that's it this is see what the feet do
not touch what the heck is gonna happen
touch touch smack smack boop boop boop
doop doop dude I got smiles playing
basketball today near Mount Hood and I
had a crazy scratch on my arm and a lot
of people thought I was putting marker
I'm all put up it just looks like a fake
high oh ho oh and there's like a marker
but it's not it's a real scratch like
people scratch me up and I'm back come
on we ready we already did the intro but
you know what
since you're princess Xena go ahead
start the intro do it again go
we're also here with princess Remo and
we got the roastmaster in the baggage
and we got my oldest nephew who looks so
young here what would you say and we got
the shorty mustn't say hi we got bad boy
Savage say I say hi and we got many bad
boy aliens what are these twerkin
twerkin look do you guys know who's
getting married
I'm let's give a shout out to my guys
we're each gonna give a little shout out
to my little bro all right monsters
gonna give his message Thomas and Mary
who say uncle say I've give his message
time my dad is here all right princess
Deena you give your message time
we will give you message time okay so I
hope he gets made and he's getting
married we give them weirdest message
fits below oh my god
give me a tissue please give me tissue
these kids oh my god don't start that
mangy alley wants to give his message to
Madison laughter dad you sir you go next
and then me all right so now let's go be
sweet check these through you know the
Adams family where sweets are you know
our family you don't say go let's go use
it I'm a pianist when your wedding and
oh you to get me sent me out you said I
hope you got swagger and you you talking
but you you get out to stick it out
inshallah lino good wedding
good happy wedding yeah yeah a good
marriage that's the most important I
can't wait sounds is it's literally in
like a week week and a half
mom messages I love you so much even
though you were rarely like on vlogs
that'll mean ish both of my brothers and
my favorite brothers just like how
everyone in my nephews is my favorite
nephew every one of my niece's is my
favorite niece so Mase I just want to
say what yep demon you all are my
favorite meow meow meow and your face
cuz
you know I'd do a split I thought only
Remo knows how to do the split you do
yeah did you know how to do it I don't
know let's see can I do it for you Oh
what the Freak
what the hell like a year and a half ago
I spotted Rima doing it huh once you let
go to split with that you didn't let me
see the Karim I got competition you know
you're given Reema competition now what
should we teach until about what what
you me teaching dinner but I also card
it'd be fun look look you know we might
Dina come be my Dina calm Hey we talk to
you like that
yeah let me talk to Dina we talk like
that don't talk to do me like that cuz
if you're talking to them like that
you're talking to me how do you do that
what the heck you know no no no don't
don't listen to what your nachos okay
from here what wait tonight why you
speaking several like I said do me hang
everyone don't speak so do me a me like
that what how to do the cartwheel
oh my god guys guys don't be like this
where you go up okay yo first of all do
you guys even know whose car to be in
the queue Minaj yes what do you know
about cardi B Nicki Minaj what are they
doing the fight
you guys are like 567 years old what did
car TV in making that I was doing the
fight I'm done I'm done I'm done
Amen I love Ellie
