Adobe gang as you guys know during my
free time I'm always scrolling through
the internet either stalking your
Twitter's stalking your instagrams are
just watching YouTube video and I always
come across the most random things ever
I came across this commercial when I
want to give my opinion on this
commercial and I want everyone else to
watch it with me and also give their
opinion on this commercial because I
know it's not just me who thinks this
alright so I found this video on Twitter
it's pretty crazy because it has eight
thousand retweets thirteen thousand
likes like what the hell will like this
because I definitely would not like
something like this after you guys watch
it you guys will see so it starts off
like this a lady with amitabh which is
what Muslims wear and even some
Christian nuns wear 29.5 but they also
wear something like a head job but this
commercial started off with a knob and a
comma attention I was like wow let me
see this commercial so let's let's watch
it I don't know what language is that
takes it off
what
nice basic goodies all right guys if you
guys didn't catch it this watch it one
last time just so you guys can see like
what the heck of it alright so she takes
off to take something Bob the head job
and says it's all about freedom
what the HOS basic how was it even
allowed to be a commercial because
pretty much they're trying to say if you
don't wear in a cob if you don't worry
Hedgehog will have freedom you have oh
my god and they're promoting their
hoodie I'm about that promoting their
hoody hoodies snot honey hoody hoodies I
feel like some people in this world they
don't know that wearing a head job is a
woman's choice they're making it seem
like that commercial that you're forced
to wear a head job and if you take it
off and wear their hoodies you'll have
freedom and you can spread your hair out
no it's not my mom wears her job my
niece's wear hijabs my grandma alight
ham I used to wear hijabs my sisters
wear hijab and it's all their choices
they're not forced to wearing a hijab
and seeing that commercial just portrays
that not wearing hijab means free to
guys the replies to this commercial on
Twitter is even more ignorant this girl
on Twitter still liam for she said I'm a
woman for the Middle East and I have no
choice I don't feel that it is racist to
be honest I look forward that day I can
take it off stop making the hedge I have
a choice that must be respected head
drive is proof of repression and that
woman's face is shame must be covering
still Liam for let me tell you something
you little biz best I'm sorry you didn't
get educated I'm sorry you're so
ignorant you didn't get to learn what
hijab means girl if you can't respect
the head job please get the fuck out the
Middle East yeah in the Quran there is
zero versus zero saying you were forced
to wear a hijab so girl get your facts
true you know what I'm gonna have the
freedom to wear my freedom shirt freedom
freedom freedom Maria
Hadiya in our big that means freedom Hey
I could barely did some my freedom shirt
is like a freedom girl no seriously so
funny how ignorant people are why
sometimes actually think are you guys
actually that dumb are you guys just
playing an act and pretending to be dumb
because y'all got me confused man thumbs
up if you think head job is freedom
let's prove these peeps for him because
every time I make videos like this all
the freaking atheists all the Trump
supporters they hate it when I talk
about stuff like this they hate it so
much they hate me so much it's all good
because I got freedom
I've got freedom oh hey hey it's like
I'm gonna hurt my leg
did you Trump supporters Gabby yeah well
I'm gonna watch my MA thank you guys I
love you guys so much make sure that
subscribe for daily video huge shot on
respect to anybody any other religion
who agrees with me it's not because I'm
Muslim I'm being biased it just sucks
that something out there is actually no
approved with companies and they're
actually showing that you know but thank
you guys so much and do me I'll see you
guys tomorrow in the sequel occasion
take care and peace love you guys
