hey guys what's up ado me Hank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I am back
here in New York City but I'm only back
here for less than 24 hours I had an
option to go to London do the work that
I was doing in London for two weeks and
come back or to come to New York City
for less than 24 hours and I decided to
do that so I can make this video so as
you guys know a couple days ago I
announced that I'm getting married this
summer and I got a lot of positive
feedback but from one person which was
my ex she texted me and she pretty much
dissed me oh and this isn't the first
time she dissed me out this is just the
first time I'm telling you guys that she
dissed me out so before I start anything
I'm gonna give you guys a little summary
of me and her we were together years ago
and we were only together for for a
couple months and the reason why we
don't speak anymore is because she
pretty much cheated on me I caught her
cheating I said in a vlog a couple maybe
a couple weeks ago I didn't want to get
into all that caught her with another
guy her mom literally hated me because
she thought I was like this ghetto guy
and like I don't know because ice always
hang out and like the hood so she hated
that so her mom already hated me and
with her I mean she loved me yes but she
hated me after like the breakup which
was he even my fault and ever since we
broke up
she's been always trying to hit me up
always trying to get back with me stuff
and I'm gonna be honest I always always
ignore it and I don't even reply to the
text but after I made my announcement
saying I'm getting married she texted me
and it kind of got to me she texted me
saying this lmao well I knew you'd get
married to a cousin which is not sure
I'm not getting married to my cousin
that's what happens when you don't reply
to me you just lost a effing diamond oh
well your loss good luck with your
cousin laughing emoji is this girl sick
in the head or something like she just
said I lost a diamond the diamond isn't
someone that cheats a diamond to someone
who's faithful with someone who's loyal
so I ended up black in there I was tryna
ignore a black turn but
texted me with a different number I'm
guessing is her mom's number saying have
a good life with your cousin ever and to
be honest this got me this got me really
sad like I don't want to diss her like
this is like I don't want to diss her
enough like that so I'm just gonna I
don't know I'm just gonna do a regular I
just wrote a regular literally a regular
normal normal rap because even though
she dissed me out
she violated me and she's trying to like
you know rub it in my face I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna do a regular rap
because you know we had we did have some
good memories some good old days so this
is this is dedicated to her it took me
around 10 minutes to write this I'm
gonna spit a verse for her on the beat
liar liar by Moe stack okay uh-huh
this rap is dedicated to a liar and a
cheater liar
okay yo I used to have a wifey life was
going good her momma didn't like me
because I'm from the hood doesn't mean
I'm ghetto I'm dismissed understood
found out she doesn't love me the way
that she should but every evening she
goes out creepin all night while I'm at
home sleeping she thinks I'm dumb but I
saw the meat and I pulled up in the car
but but but but beeping I remember when
I met her I was like Hello she made me
go weak in the knees like jello she said
the way you speak is so damn ghetto she
sets a homie tight and don't let go the
worst part is I know that she's lying
sitting in a room pretending that she's
crying I can't take this anymore man I'm
not fighting you got caught red-handed
don't try it I can't do this I can't do
this to do mean I just I just feel bad I
don't know I don't want to disrupt too
much this is why I just I went easy on
this I just wrote this it literally took
me like 10 15 minutes to write this and
I just wanted to go easy so I'm I'm done
I'm not I'm not gonna I'm not gonna do
anything I'm not I'll see you guys
you must be crazy girl you ain't this me
at once
you ain't dis me out twice you ain't
even dis me out three times you dis me
out multiple times so girl you made the
wrong decision be prepared
savage Adam and savage Adams family it's
coming for you I'll see you in the next
shot hey do me gay you guys are about to
watch and listen to the official diss
track of my ex I did not let your mouth
do it because Jamal he's like the king
master chicken so I'll let Rima do it
because Reema's gonna hand on my work
smoothly but before I show you guys I
want to bring you guys out to man the
king the roastmaster come through man
what's up oh man you gonna go too hard
tonight all right I'm gonna let Reba do
it she's gonna handle it juh man was
begging me literally begging me for him
to do it but I'm like you know just let
me handle it you know see girls a softy
no well good she got it REME I got this
okay bream are you ready yes no one
messes I mean she's so cute oh my god
Jamel chalo chalo cuz my ex man show
just real again you know saying she's a
girl rimas a girl taking a handle okay
she gonna handle my ex tormented gosh
this dude's crazy which ex frog met
jasmine
which one monk we show whatever you just
talking about that yourself how many X's
you have if I have like 8 X's I tell ya
to to to 235,000 okay I'm - oh come on
he's a good boy but he's gonna take it
easy
giman still knows his rap lyrics he can
actually perform it live if he's ever on
the show right let me see do it he's
gonna do it live in Outlook ready set go
hey yo check it oh I wasn't gonna roast
a way of shot on me first
you think you're the best but no you
know worse I'm the roastmaster it was a
wrong person to collapse it bird this
Rossy baby I want to say write a video
and roasted and I'll beat you in a fight
come on baby in your hand like you're
reading up on I know my name you get
social calling me skinny you look like a
skeleton man you sound like a robot your
hair getting roasted I mean my son in
darkness dogs yeah meet me you want it
there it's a baby step
I always nice looks like it's acquired
to calculate it look like a monkey mix
with the alligator I'm done I'm always
going up like an elephant then Jim a
there okay I ain't you up like my last
piece of chicken wings your ass like
nursery rhymes
I don't have time you have to perform
this life he has the performance I've in
the New York City show New York City one
us a tour I'm plugging in it a good way
to promote in this video in the district
come through who is he Jemaine perform
in NYC that was that was a drink moment
right there hi guys
rimas ready to handle it thumbs up for
Rima thumbs up for rhemas first I read
this track and she handle a good
if you don't stop your fight tonight and
we'll be yo we aren't wishin and always
remember I'm the queen
you just met because you know I'll
kitchen
oh my god oh gee oh gee guys I don't
know what to say all of us is I hope you
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
that was insane that wasn't say um yeah
that's all i'ma say at end of the day
I'm yeah don't don't miss it the Adams
family because then I'm done what this
is sorry I appreciate everything when
you guys thank you guys so much thank
you do me gang for literally being so
amazing I hope you guys enjoy this video
it was really hard to me I'm covered now
I love you I love you I love you throw
me in they just hurt them so you guys
ratchet
no yes busting you didn't say hi to the
blog you've been on your iPad the whole
time just watching us your iPad free so
baby please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be
be so don't let anybody
Oh baby you can have anything you want
for me
