come Rima what happened
here popping a new beginning I hope you
all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing that you all should be having
an amazing happy day yes science
starting to fly here in the bathroom I
am still having a really sad day because
of the news with hey I still can't get
over it because I never knew like this
would ever happen but at the same time I
knew it would come but it's all good at
positive like salumi gang if you guys
are having a bad day I really hope this
blog takes away all the stress all your
anxiety or if you have homework or
anything like that I really hope this
vlog makes you guys forget about
anything and puts a smile on your face
Tippie is my show in Kuala Lumpur and
meet-and-greet I already got done with
it so here's the footage from it right
here guys I'm gonna give you channel to
you guys you should never say what do
you guys
you guys
when I count three say I love you hand
okay one two three
guys congratulations
I finished Singapore Jakarta and Kuala
Lumpur I just want to say thank you to
each and every single one of you guys
who came out and show so much love I
appreciate you guys shout out to my
rotted eyes do me dang I love you guys
so much once again I'm so so sorry that
those three cities were canceled in the
summer due to some technical
difficulties but it's all good the hood
I'm so happy I have to come here and
make it up to each and every single one
you guys I had an amazing time it is my
last night here while loop in the knife
that I am heading to the secret location
Adobe gang it is 2 a.m. right now me and
only not do about to go eat and have our
last meal our last shisha I love how you
and not have your face on your
backgrounds they don't um why don't
people do that so if you lose it like
they can no little water they know to
you I never got why people do that like
my father and my nephew mustn't but him
and Nas you guys got yourselves let me
know in the comments below what is your
phone background is it yourself or is it
someone else or even alright guys we
were in a taxi right now and every time
we get into taxi we always get hustled
they always ask me or not they're like
what you're from and then actors like
Dubai wants to hear Dubai they take the
longest way ever because I'll check my
maps and everything it's literally like
two minutes away but now ends up being
like 20 minutes away
I think he thinks this is a Bollywood
movie so he's putting us on this like
hey fuck it up hey bro I don't know like
20 minutes this place once without the
days like 2 minutes 2 minutes I know the
man thank you possible by your real
hustle it's all good man thank you no
guys you always pop man we are here look
at this look the lounge is here like
it's like literally a crib I think I
forgot to take off your shoes guys it's
literally like 2:30 a.m. I love places
like this look at this
it's chillin got the TV alright that all
we need is a PlayStation 4 so we can
play some four night well like 2k or
FIFA the I am any music playing
yo guys heat shout out to the Yemeni
brother right here man forgiving us not
over what is it called grab like
something to get what was literally
stranded for ya I'm here in Malaysia
denies giving us attacks walking around
the highway he shot out to Miami brother
team Yemen yeah no I'm saying a mr. Adam
yes soon so you and he's my brother
older brother okay all right guys after
a whole long journey we finally made it
here to the hotel he'd shout out to that
it's not an uber driver there's no over
here what is it called grab grab grab
grab shout out to the drive right here
yo so his nephew came through to the
show tonight he showed him a picture of
me and him and I ended up being in his
car so I was craziness morally what a
small little man so what what a small
world
Amina and Medina Samira and a dealer
what's up i doing so I want to take you
as you guys know the homie not there he
is joining the tour and the reason why
he's joining the tour because he wants
to go on this tour experience he just
became a youtuber literally like less
than here and I like his dedication I
like his passion and he is doing a big
big giveaway in almost every single show
and he's also doing a big giveaway to
the world to everyone watching so if you
guys want to win what is an iPhone - 13
- 10 my iPhone 13 x7 latest one the
latest one the latest one he's doing a
really really big giveaway to one of you
guys all you guys have to do is
subscribe to the homie map they're not
their vlogs the link will be in the
description below
yeah subscribe to him right here and
follow his Instagram official nectar so
if you guys want to participate in that
make sure you guys subscribe to him
follow him and let him know seriously
being on tour with him has been amazing
but what about salut
it's been so so dope I can't wait for
you to meet slim in the secret location
this is gonna be a dope dope time do me
a literally just woke up in my sleep the
homie slim just FaceTime right now I
think he probably landed some
let's let's see what's going on huh yo
what's poppin og what about cuz you know
what's goodie bro you know what's poppin
yeah your slip bro you're stranded you
stayed in Chinatown bro we saw you I
want you to try out for the basketball
in China that's what I want you to do
you have another sock you're going
another sock you're going somewhere else
it's not China it's not Chinese yeah
you're going somewhere else here it's
not trying to guys I'm so sorry this
literally food all over the hotel I've
been eating a lot of room service so do
me gang as you guys know hailey will no
longer be in vlogs but truly shocked me
shocked a lot of you guys and also
shocked my family so my brother Abe he
flagged at home and flagged my family's
reaction especially Rima because Rima
was feeling a bit emotional so this is
my family's message the highly highly we
love you so much
also thank you so much to every single
one of you guys did the fan edits I will
play them in the end of this vlog I
appreciate you guys that mean so much
here is the video do me I love you guys
because it's personal come over here
come you guys do that okay you and me
I'm not gonna understand okay I
understand listen you're being serious
I'm not joking with you guys right now
hey it's not gonna be in the vlogs no
more why I know why but you're gonna
have to ask her if you want to tell you
Rima
it's okay hey baby I'm sorry
Rema oh you heard me what happened
come Rima what happened yes you will
but I'm just saying hail is not gonna be
in the vlog no more when is she gonna
come back never emotional in the SATA
blog and I feel bad for Haley because
she's never gonna be in two blogs ever
again and this is was a little sad vlog
and I'll see you in the next vlog bye
okay do me gang I'm wrapping up the vlog
here these are my last few hours here in
Malaysia then after that I'm heading to
the secret location so do me gang thank
you guys so much more love and support I
appreciate you guys if you guys enjoy
black makes you guys give it a giant
thumbs up and go turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I'll upload every
single day I'll see you guys tomorrow
most likely at the secret location so
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace love you
our lives control made me feel like
there was not tomorrow
she told you there you beautiful but the
days pass and now it's so long ago
did you make a did you play free did you
manage to be who you wanna be
maybe somewhere you think about me too I
wonder where
it's delay now cuz I'm growing old but I
need you to deal with my sorrow just a
memory just a broken frame
