as your safety is our concern and the
safety features make different from
other aircraft we ask for your full
attention
hey do me yank my prayers my thoughts my
dad's go out to the victims who passed
away on the Lion Air flight from Jakarta
to another city here in Indonesia just a
few minutes after taking off from
Jakarta we're seeing heartbreaking
scenes at the airport where that
aircraft was due to land families
waiting for news of their loved ones as
you guys know I am here right now in
Jakarta my flight is literally in two
hours the incident that just happened in
the airport is the same Airport that
we're going to literally right now and
my mom is bugging out she called me like
a gazillion times it's like 4 or 5 a.m.
in New York she's telling me to take the
first flight back to New York City I'm
not gonna lie I'm really really worried
and kind of scared I just feel like
there's there's nothing else to do like
if a law wants something to happen then
it's gonna happen as long as you pray
make your dad then inshallah everything
does go well I really hope all the loved
ones the whole family of the victims
were passed away stay strong and may
Allah bless everyone's soul and take
them to Jenna do me Hank I hope you guys
are feeling great I still want to keep
this vlog a bit positive I am literally
heading to my flight right now the taxis
waiting for me downstairs so I'll keep
you guys updated with everything so I'll
see you guys in the next shot of dunya
hi guys right now we're in the Jakarta
Airport I'm feeling a little bit better
right now ever since the incident this
morning everyone thinks I'm a soccer
player huge shout-out to you guys do me
again and don't need you look at this
everyone thinks I'm yeah everyone thinks
I'm a soccer player people taking
pictures of me and I don't know if it's
because I'm out of salad or if they
think I'm a professional football player
here but I'm not the place for football
right now I don't even really know how
to play I play basketball
the homeowner for Indonesia I'm a
football fan we need to think gonna see
how this goes
don't injure the guys got kids okay it's
got kids
what are you pushing
I got to be nice to that man I didn't
want him push up the little kiddies
videotaped me Maggie can go all yelling
in front of his kids I come Oh God score
aah culture oh yeah
Oh Stu did the crossbar challenge with
her
my guy he done the crossbars I got that
Oh sick
last time well hello yourself late by
the way we missed our flight Naz is
already going to Malaysia I mean that
they will go into a different flight
which is the one after me name Alok he's
scared but we're trying to keep positive
vibes UK passport Dubai Passport nobody
was able Islands Emirates ID
I mean every side
sold on to the man right here none of us
scored but he's really good man he's
really oh my gosh thank you guys so much
thank you let's do it do me gang what is
poppin I have it even updated you guys
at the homie nas left alone to Malaysia
who took two separate taxis because we
had so much luggage we decided not to
waste money and let him go and me in the
home even after we bought new flights
and we're leaving literally now which is
an hour later than not kind of nervous
my whole family is even more scared I'm
scared
- guys Master had no clue about anything
until I told him this morning I
literally he came to Meru who barged in
20 years wake up wake what was 4 o'clock
on the phone over yeah but I told him he
thought I was joking but was legit man
my condolences go out to everybody's
company sad click the airport literally
no one is here like I don't think anyone
is flying at all other than all scares
me the most let's take it off yeah a
crash wall has taken off so wallows
taking off you've had minutes later you
can went down in the water 50 meters
down which is Harvey yes heartbreaking
really heartbreaking this is probably
the scariest flight that I'm ever gonna
take just today the shuttle is gonna be
good as we're saying meeting up there
like everything is written in like Oh
anything happens a half ounce because
written it's written the font changes
that's true yeah you can't change it you
can't change it but we'll be good we
won't think about anything negative with
you man be positive and shallow make it
to Malaysia good like my mom won't send
me to go back fine they get behind it
again I don't know I don't know we got
Burger King we're trying to take our
mind off everything a lot Burger King
then after that over in Malaysia and
having a good time everyone has given me
so much respect because of this Jersey
literally customs let me in right away
they started singing me the national
anthem throw bottom on top right now so
do be getting pretty sure you guys don't
want to see us because we're about to go
and see Alicia alright guys what I was
saying is just literally mean after in
this airport literally no one here just
us okay so we're imagining right now
like what if it's just me and you on the
flight I just mean him on the flight
that'll be a good experience and a bad
way at the same time yeah it'll be good
experiences you get to like you have the
whole flight for yourself but at the
same time like I'll be worried I don't
know if you're alone I'm singing to the
pilot yeah I'm sitting I said okay I'm
gonna next time make sure you know lady
Kiefer
the thing about here is like the
airlines a lot of the airlines here they
end up like missing a sub that's why my
mom she really wants me a little bad
maintenance I don't know much about
planes but he knows not that knows a lot
about planes B he's saying like I got to
have the engines like the answer no
rolls-royce engines Emirates Airlines
they are rolls-royce engines which makes
you more durable do they have a murse
here no no emirate you know Amber's here
all right hopefully there's people in
our flight so we can feel I don't know
company he won't be alone the Apple was
empty ready and now everyone everyone is
here at gate one right there me and
after we're even more worried now
because we just met some fans who are
from here and we told them about AirAsia
we're like how is air HSR good is it
safe and what did they say
maybe yeah they were just like well like
maybe I don't know if it's good or not
like it just made us more worried but
the thing is we keep thinking about it
because now his mom called him now his
mom called him oh man I get so much bad
luck for planes man it's so annoying
because I got sick things yeah you know
you know I get that I mean think he's
scared now but handle it always sounds
good oh yeah hamdullah always always the
power of my mom the power of my dad for
years the power of your mom's room I
just poked his mom on the phone the
funds I was really sweet to think
everyone out there praying I love you
guys thank you guys so much that means
the most to us that prayers meeting the
most us we're going on this flight just
so scared be good Michelle should be
good his mom that was literally crying
man like on the phone she's always yeah
even same thing with my mom yeah
Mother's yeah she called me bro mom
called me she's like cooked in New York
but yeah we're boarding right now a
dummy gang so inshallah lunch she'll
everything goes great once we land in
Malaysia I'm gonna feel better because
our families are gonna feel a bit better
well yeah again you have so many flights
after yeah we have so many flights out
today it's crazy man like it's not easy
worrying yeah they every two days bar
like
don't shut up don't be good man no
stress no nothing all positive vibes
we out here you already know Adam enough
to wean her let's go see you guys in the
plane and then I
she's gonna talk again
this is dollar you can check it out area
the same plain size as lying seven three
seven billions I don't even know what to
seven three seven year nineteen and he
goes more lobbying planes I and I've
been at plays like a lot like I don't
know if I'm Sharla we're gonna say her
dad's always Siri dad's before flight
always never like listen to music never
like you know like chillin thinking is
always there dad
subhanAllah these channel now yeah you
never know what could happen oh say -
say bismillah and I'm yeah I'm feeling
good when I say it so much ability to go
I still going inside of like right now
hating that they should but even when I
was asking him is this playing good as
this fight good didn't even folks Anna
they're like you're like yo you got your
home you got the you got the Indonesian
job
when I talk about fourth by 1857 service
to one look cool
first of all we would like to apologize
for the slight delay of this aircraft
this is due to the arrival of this
aircraft it's like the pole you cannot
smell attending every cruise missing you
shut and shred our descent into a while
ago forward delete this time off I will
probably universally browse disgusting
piece of rice there oh yeah it's like
sushi right it's not got this check
yours I've never ever listened them up
to the flight like a lot the flight
attendants like this much
they were like put your phone and
airplane would be not there like by the
way carefully you know what you did like
unauthorized removal of life classes in
criminal something back well off
everybody's living like unaware to his
dude just committed a crime he just took
out the life vest without like bro
without knowing that's how worried he is
brush
your sanity is our concern and the
safety features make different from
other aircraft we ask for your full
attention
five minutes into flight scary speak up
it was the most very like so much
pressure I hate this feeling it's
literally insane man
another two hours ago let me show that
everything goes well thank you okay
I need to come along my three sisters
two brothers my nieces and nephews one
silent baby okay no mom I can't hear
nothing at all little time we landed
today I'm gonna have to land it in
Lebanon love is a hospital well we made
it time to time delay Oh sir see I give
props to all the flight attendant
workers to the pilots here props to them
literally they they go through this
every single day like multiple times a
day like huge props to them yo look
outside my seat fellas and a lot have
everyone everyone on that place like to
thank all the fans for praying and thank
you guys the fans thank you guys so much
I appreciate you guys now where you
qualify we can do the meet and greet
what happened yeah like everyone go home
to New York because I'm soaked this post
going home to New York and he was so
close to going to the body we're heading
to the hotel now about to go through
customs I'm a football player so I
should easily get in the country I'll
see you guys in the next shot at doing
it listen do me gang I just got to my
hotel here in Kuala Lumpur and it looks
amazing I'll be showing you guys the
hotel tomorrow also The Addams Family
Rima Muhsin and Holly they're gonna be
in tomorrow's vlog so stay tuned also
Akuma gang the me degree in Malaysia is
right here in November first all the
information is right here it's called
the Renaissance Hotel 5:00 p.m. thank
you guys so much for your love and
support I hope you guys enjoyed today's
life you guys didn't make sure you guys
give it a giant thumbs up and go Turkey
do not forget to subscribe because I'll
upload every single day I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace love
you do me
