hey guys what's up it do me yang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so far I'm
having an amazing you all should be
having an amazing happy day for the
first time on earth I am early right
here burly man right what's up
apparently how early guys
I deserve a thumbs up being early so
thumbs up and doing it for me being
early I hope you guys are ready for
today and I'm just waiting cuz you know
I'm an early bird
alright guys so apparently I am NOT
early I was in the wrong taxi just for
the first time where I thought was early
I'm in the wrong time since I got home I
know I'm so sorry I swear I was waiting
detective out I was like bragging out of
the y'all early was in a different taxi
but it's all good no I'm timing we're
heading to wedding to the shoes indoors
I indoors indoors indoor or outdoor next
we have this video yeah yeah when you're
indoors but it looks like you're
outdoors look at this mother whoa
you came back I don't know he's beat him
up wonders here hi guys it's time for
makeup
say hi Michelle how's it going I'm sorry
I'm luck so yeah it's good this is a set
that we have so it's gonna be dope and I
cannot wait Michelle is gonna fix my
hair and my makeup so I got like Purdy
and I'm gonna see how it is I'm like a
mess right now this is before makeup oh
my god hi guys we just got done with
that hair and makeup we're just waiting
for the heck what the heck is good
ready babies all right which I'll have
to take a picture
I don't know turn on the flute so my
snap moments on me Oh what the hell
wherever it's mine I know now wondering
you got a coat you got to come to the
shop yeah I'll see you when you come in
a shot yeah just not here let's say man
3d 3d filters possible beautiful maybe
even give me Kate burns you look nice
this is too funny look at nice beautiful
no you booze today
and today when I will let you guys know
they'll do it
what is it up we don't know we don't
know yet and the mark
around around around end of March
you should be see instead of make a
perfect man specifically said what we're
doing to say that's some of it for a
little bit of it they probably have a
cool run hey no I'm afraid I'll be I'm
always over all right back to do you bi
yeah you know guys this thing about
we're gonna dope something really really
dope you guys gonna love it but we're
doing the video right now yeah because
that's how bad cuz we're never gonna be
in the same place at the same time I
know cuz he lives all in Australia I
live in New York and we've we've been
working on it since Australia since
before the four years so it's gonna be
really really low and we just want you
guys to enjoy it and once it's out so
just it's gonna be insane live it we
won't let you guys real push up I'll
surely it's a crazy very crazy man I
felt like Americans are crazy
Australians man you guys a wild look you
guys are the weirdest stuff
do me a it is pretty much
it's done I have a show like I didn't
show nothing on the vlog of what we did
only flat metal only snaps at issue I'm
sorry but they seem like
behind-the-scenes boat it is literally
wrapped mange guys I want to say I wanna
give a huge thank you to the homie James
right here thank you bro none of this
none of them none of this would have
happened with the homie James so thank
you so much very much love lot is even
gets how do you guys know girls this is
all rejected people hitching a camera
surgeon about this fence is flooded by
the front row
Sekou is the guy like I was look at the
lens you didn't even know there for me I
can't wait for this in weeks I will keep
you guys updated and all we're gonna say
is um one day million million views yeah
this stuff you gotta be working on
something just three months yeah but
this thing's huge
you guys it is so refreshing
hi guys we're heading back to London
about train got like cancelled because
it was like a hurricane here I don't
know the UK but
we finally are getting another train we
have to wait 30 minutes here but me and
James hi so there's another train here
me and James are planning on going in
there waiting and sitting down there
they can open so we're gonna sit in a
random train
we don't know I think it's probably
going to Liverpool but this train here
that's one we need to take because it's
going to London but since we're cold I
wonder let's at least go it's the first
things you could see you guys bro if it
closes whatever closes because of all
whatever closes and we get to like
Liverpool Bravo are we going like Scala
train is right here how does this
pretend we're sitting we just leave
yeah
I'm legit my boxers over Slim's in the
bathroom using the bathroom bitch huh
he's just a mistake of this he's
hiding
I cook come on so he's I can see you
guys
he's hiding like this
yeah he's peeking he's speaking speak
he's hiding this guy's gonna go yeah
we're gonna give it up yeah yo
I don't know it's like if you fall
enough someone keeps like like ringing I
do not know I have no clue how like they
knock them like our doors so like that
but I can get it because when his folks
know I'm falling he was like I miss with
the Harris he was a hey man I came from
far away I want to meet you guys and
house was like like who told you to come
before like she's in for far oh he's I
just want to meet you I want a picture
come on the house like I like we can't
we literally look I'm in my boxers he
literally just probably using a bathroom
and it gets so so annoying because just
cuz you came too far away it doesn't
mean we have to come down like we're
living here like as normal human people
so I seriously don't get it like he's
still downstairs so I'm gonna go
downstairs get my boxers yeah I'm gonna
go that's it in my box I'm a talking
book you know anything to you know like
the crazy things we don't know exactly
it was just a meter and you know I
wasn't I'm sure right now and it gets
really annoying the whole thing
that rings gets really annoying but
someone else something about the kid hi
guys I just got back up upstairs it's
like one o'clock 1:30 right now that kid
has been knocking on like ringing the
phone since like 8 a.m. I had no sleep
me estella's me like have been getting
up and like screaming like what the heck
harris picked up the phone he knew it
was Harris is seriously has been a
hectic hectic morning
I can't even freaking sleep and then
when I go down right now I don't know if
those because it was more fans
downstairs they knew me when I came out
and do it like what the hell like what
are you doing because I was in my boxers
but I don't know if they were with that
guy I don't know who they are also I'm
really confused when I went down I don't
know what's going on they look I don't
know it says like suspicious because I
don't know if it's a threat officer fan
because the guys in like a suit and
looks like he's in a mafia we don't know
if it's a fan we don't know if it's like
someone trying to come hurt us we don't
know because we've been through a lot of
stuff where like people come in and like
try to start issues with us and it sucks
because this is our home this is like
this is what we're my home in London
this is where I'm staying
no one supposed to know where I'm saying
I do not know how but when on the phone
when these folks Harris he was like he
came from eight miles away come down man
I came eight miles for you man you're
not gonna come down and it's like a
come down we're consider like rude if
you don't come down because they're like
man I came from eight miles man come
downstairs like who told you to come
from like eight miles away to here
thinking like we're gonna come down like
have a meeting here we're not wait here
like some mistake in a dump
Harris was chilling like taking a shower
or like sleeping we're all sleeping in
the beginning I don't mind you guys
coming to like our like events to like
meeting us even if it's a hotel I want a
second apartment there's no public
literally no one around we don't know
like we don't know what's up we didn't
know nothing so like our guards are
gonna be up we don't know what's going
on so please
I warned if this the person is watching
this please man please like I have a lot
of love for you guys but I'm sorry it
got to me so I'm so sorry but please man
just respect that privacy and I was
truly truly appreciated all right guys
we're finally up because the person that
says kept knocking but Harris got a
little surprise for you guys everywhere
it's when he's finally doing his UK tour
one of the company figures in like three
hours well not two hours now he's going
to be up but you already get your
tickets up three hours Oh penny up you
calm me she'll get it I want to come
through it we try to come through but I
don't know I might have like a us eight
time but I want to come through because
I don't know I want to see I want to see
the homie Harris performance Oh jazz
once it was kind of floored so you guys
want to go see him and yeah the guy
downstairs if you want you go go get it
go get tickets man okay go get tickets
we're here like I don't know who said
that but there's more people downstairs
about than that that's it we're
literally gonna like yeah I'm end the
vlog here hi guys
take care I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow and make sure you guys leave
like a thumbs up and go Turkey and yeah
peace so baby please be who you wanna be
I know you
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be oh baby you
can have anything you want
