I finally got to meet them hey guys
what's up and do me Hank I hope you are
having a nice day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
you all should be having an amazing
happy why are you screaming I was alone
she screams it out sold out hey do me
gang we're heading to Bradford another
sold-out show since we've been living
like in this van we've been living in a
hotel and it's been crazy crazy but so
far in so exciting I cannot wait for
today's gonna be a crazy turn up guys
ready are you ready yeah we gotta say
like that Rima tell them who's gonna be
out at our show
oh she got it right come on I'm so light
it's William Alec do you malloc and
suffer Lana right yep this Quran is
killer skill so dunya
Lilia and probably the little sister
cell phone which is she's so cute
beautiful beautiful
they might be coming through to the
Bradford show and I'm so nervous I don't
know like I'm really really nervous cuz
like I don't know you're nervous
Ricky's never nervous she's never
nervous she's been before my said she
was three years old
that's insane Remo that's the same girl
you're a star
that's my guys right now I'm with costs
costs where Wilcox's is with us Dona and
William say was
I finally got to meet them last time I
came to Bradford I was holding a sports
meeting them and I met them I'm so
nervous I don't know why like I feel
like I'm like this like you saying it
was lovely meeting you guys you guys so
so sweet it's not like a family that was
on segue yeah I'm uh you guys never come
to New York let me know Bradford was
dope I don't know what like what there
is to be a friend it seems over because
of them yeah but New York nuts come to
New York let me know I'll show you guys
the best thing about Bradford would be
shisha I'll show ya what's the buzzing
manure in the next shot what's up with
do me yank so right now I am at my hotel
in Birmingham I just got done with the
show in Bradford it was an amazing so
that show thank you guys so so much for
coming through I did not get to vlog all
of the show because I did not really
vlog after because I was so nervous the
whole time so instead of me vlogging
i'ma tell you guys a little story time
of how you know well Lea duniya came
with our Zayn Malik's sisters and this
is like I don't know it's crazy because
I'm a huge fan of Zayn Malik I'm never
usually nervous
I know visually nervous meeting anyone
about was really nervous for some reason
I don't know why I don't know I don't
know I don't know so this is what
happened I think a couple years ago I
came to Bradford the show they're
supposed to come but I think they
couldn't make it so this was here 2017
and I finally got to meet them we've
been following each other on social
media for like a couple years and it
finally happens today it was literally
so it was so embarrassing because they
came I thought they were gonna take a
little longer to come but it came like
randomly like the DJ he was Adam he got
some guests and they came out her I was
like whoa I was even ready like I was
about to get ready and like fix myself
up put on some Cologne and stop but they
came out of nowhere so like it's like
someone running in on you while you're
like in the bathroom that's what pretty
much happened I was about to get ready
fix myself up and then DJ it's brought
them and I was like what is he doing
like I'm not even like ready so I was
like I thought comfortable hi how's it
going how are you I was just like I
didn't know what to say but they were
really really
sweet there were really really nice huge
shout out to olya and dunya you guys
were so sweet you guys were so sweet so
down to earth and we'll Lea all I'm
gonna say is mashallah that's I always
say is mashallah because like Anna she
was really like there's something about
her that was like wifey material so
Maliha waimana what must I leave goodbye
but yeah the show went amazing Bradford
you guys were so loud you guys turned it
up and I really hope you guys enjoyed
the show tomorrow we're doing Birmingham
and then London and then Portsmouth and
then we are finally done and I want to
just take the time right now to just
thank you guys every single one you guys
for watching this right now - thank you
guys from the bottom of my heart for
everything that you guys always do
literally thank you so much there's not
much youtubers have like a dedicated
fanbase and there's not much youtubers
who even do tours in like places that I
do I'd do tours I like doing tours in
places that no one ever goes to like
someone told me when I went to the Doha
meet agree the beheading show and all
the shows that I had in Middle East
people were telling me like no youtuber
ever comes you're the only one that
always comes and it means a lot and that
that touch the heart and because no one
ever I noticed I don't ever comes to
like cities like that they'll just comes
like a main city like Dubai or London
New York but I wanted to go to like
cities that were you guys always asking
like beheading oh man so many places
literally so many places Malaysia
Indonesia so many places that not much
youtubers really go there so I say thank
you guys so much for like bringing me
where I am today I truly appreciate
every single one you guys I know I may
not get back to like every single one
you guys but I always want to show so
much love to all of you guys do me and
you guys seriously make me so happy
thank you guys for saving my life saved
my family's life I love you from the
bottom of my heart I'm sorry for
something so cheesy but it's been one
hell of a ride it's been insane little
I'm 23 years old and like imagining from
way back when I was 18 years old I would
have never ever thought I would be in
this position like like literally
inspiring a lot of you guys but I guess
everything happened for a reason what I
went through when I was younger what I
went through throughout my whole life
was written I guess from God from a lot
to be doing this so I really hope I
inspire you guys
make you guys smell anything I really
hope I can brighten up your days or make
you guys forget about whatever stress
you had because that's that's what I do
it for I do for you guys to forget about
any stress you guys have and to be
smiling and if I do have ever made you a
smile or something I want to see every
single one you asked giving this video a
thumbs up so thumbs up or I'll feel bad
that didn't make you guys smile that's
pretty much it once again I'm so sorry
did he get to vlog much they're watching
me like literally backstage staring at
me that was the most nerve-wracking
thing like they're right there looking
at me performing so I was like a lot of
performing I could see them from the
corner of my eye and I'm like oh my god
like I'm like don't slip at him go go to
the stupid don't get off the ratchet but
it went well and went great I'm Dylan
I'm just happy it went well and was it
like nothing embarrassing other than DJ
bring them in while I was not ready and
I did not put out no secret cologne no
nothing so Willie Oh Daniel probably
smelled me smelling like butt but it's
all good in the hood I'm gonna see you
guys tomorrow do me Hank thank you guys
so much for a little support it truly
means the world and I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care or peace I love you I
know you're gonna be so don't let any
I tell you what you're gonna be oh baby
you can have anything you want
