hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me yeah
it's about to be show time literally
like 20 minutes I do not know what to
expect every time I go somewhere for the
first time I never know what to expect
just like London when I went there for
the first time I expected like 3040
people to show up and then this happened
there was tons and tons of you guys you
can never underestimate a dumi gang it
is my first time performing in Singapore
got the homie nap did not be ready for
today bro I'm excited yo he's a nervous
I see he's Loki / w nervous you guys
yeah I promise you don't you know let's
see okay better son
there's nothing to be nervous about
everyone is friendly everyone is nice
yeah just take a deep breath you guys
take a deep breath and thumbs up this
fly subscribe and subscribe and I do
meeting will see you guys in the next
shot yo guys the first squad Iran yeah
Nabila yeah for Hana and inna they're
coming through to the show I'm at the
head to the show too cuz I'm running a
little late so do me ask you guys in the
next shot someone put the hands but the
end bye
I'm wearing my Versace shoes over here
we're on our way to the venue I would
have never wore these Versace shoes but
the fact that we're here is Singapore I
feel like it's so clean you came in
letter came and smoke shisha shishas ban
but so much more stuff than I would
telling you guys about this an end of
life for us button even uber even uber
is not allowed so I feel like no one's
gonna really like meso my shoes oversold
so what you guys have is it called super
- are you oh hi guys we're here on stage
I made me the VIPs first and after that
it's Showtime got the home we shop to
great things up yeah already a vlog man
there is anybody to Singapore so if
you've logged in Singapore be dope man
yeah that black camera never gonna know
game we're here what's up we do me a
shout-out to my mom who was just to blow
a ball shut up his mom she sees the best
vlogging is appreciated thank you so
much guys I'm here with three musketeers
all of you are slim no I didn't order do
be gained Snapple do me hang in
Singapore you guys are crazy I love you
guys could you guys speak
singaporean english sing I'm so sorry
Singlish
yes English I'm so sorry everyone is
laughing I'm a fool I'm so sorry
thank you so much thank you guys thank
you guys they came to my last show 2016
and qualify now they're here in
Singapore
today's gonna be built let's go so you
guys live in Singapore and Malaysia
Singapore sounds good don't you just to
see you oh thank you guys so much you
guys are so sweet sirs I'm so excited to
be here in your home sounds bye guys
look what Rena wow this is amazing you
know look at this thank you where you're
not appreciated seriously this is dope
this is art can I keep this yeah you're
a narc sorry you guys ready for today
yes we are grace how is it living in
Singapore ha ha yes he's really
expensive but I love you here in
Singapore and put on the Liverpool
jersey right there just to support it
for nas nas you love live with that much
they trash them I'm Jojo hi guys we just
met the VIPs everyone is going inside
right now I always do the media treats
before the show now because every time I
used to be sweaty master nigga
poisonously you look good and it's so
amazing since they so sweet is so nice
everyone is like being friends with each
other which I love I love seeing them do
me and be friends with each other I
always see people like in America in the
okay they always like they tend to fight
each other which they shouldn't guys
should always love one another and be
kind to one another and now let's get
the show started
also one lucky person is gonna be
winning an iPad today from the homie map
they're doing
get him sick
yo Singapore you guys were freaking
amazing yo how was it how was the Amish
it wasn't rough that was literally I
didn't get to fly with a whole show
because I was going insane I was like on
the chair I was on stage I mean everyone
going on stage it was freaking fun and
the homie not there gave away the iPad
to a girl named police police
gratulations be bail keys keys we're now
done with the show we're on our way to
Jakarta tomorrow homie sneaked up let's
go guys Barbara blogging the homie
literally sneaked up backstage and Aziza
was nice enough to be like you know what
you sneaked it come to man no you're
good man you're good yo Singapore you
guys are amazing
how does anyone out there even are they
good then yeah I know thank you I
appreciate what everyone out there was
wild seriously I'm definitely gonna come
again next time that we have to come
from gonna see gonna see definitely
Singapore we coming soon hopefully if
she's not banned we're gonna come to
Singapore seriously I never know what to
expect whenever it's the first time ever
coming somewhere but you guys made me so
proud this was seriously better than
what I expected a huge shout-outs have
rolled and gave me gifts you guys did
not have to we're going outside right
now to head back to the hotel because
we're gonna go to in don't need you
tomorrow
thank you guys
this guy's not sure is a singer
oh you wanna hear em say yes you see
near the dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt you
see me in a work work work work well
good voice huh good boy yeah thank you I
could sing you more songs Kiki do you
love me are you writing so you never
ever leave from beside me cuz I want you
good hey thank you so much appreciate it
I might move out to Singapore Bob if you
can sound like I'm people says good
what happens if you smoke here oh you
smoke here
what happens if you smoke here yeah you
get why there's six months 6-month visa
yeah then why is it so strict here why
there's the rule step by rules out
government so you don't smoke at all if
you are called with heroin 15 gram oh no
no they sent sentence yeah you get what
they sent their send a death sentence
yeah for heroin whoa what the heck of
all money Jonah alpha kilo deaf
sentenced what the heck yeah of a kilo
my senses of they sent what about this
this one is why I do not like vapor
khokana I this is crazy
all these we literally the death
sentence they send yeah I'm not don't
don't throw me in the room what happens
if I throw it out the window
oh you can let her write no littering
and I even get like W Petronas I know
what never mind I was a flight my pack
all right guys so we're about to have a
famous roasted chicken and rice here in
Singapore everyone eats chicken and rice
that's like their main food right here
like this chicken
and rice forgot to bang it up and eat it
let it go this is this the best chicken
and rice or is the other one this one
what is this
thank you so much do me gang I am back
at the hotel I am so exhausted because
of the time zones it's like 12 hours
ahead of New York City time I'm
uploading the vlogs earlier do me gang I
have one more day here in Singapore so
I'm gonna get to explore then after that
I am heading to Jakarta all the
information for Jakarta's right here it
is a free meet-and-greet Jakarta and
Kuala lupa is a meet and greet it will
not be a show I'll get to meet every
single one of you guys have fun with you
guys well I cannot wait make sure you
guys come through bring your friends
bring your friends friend bring your
family it's gonna be so much fun I love
going to these places around the world
especially for you guys and do me again
oh yes last day here in Singapore
seriously I think Singapore is one of
the most strict countries in the world
it's pretty insane because I thought
Saudi Arabia was straight but Singapore
is another level of strength I could
even smoke my jewel there it's crazy
because in New York or anywhere else
around the world you could smoke you
could Beit you could do whatever you
want but it's a beautiful beautiful
country a lot of cultures around the
city a lot of languages a lot of people
from all around the world over here and
it's one of my favorite places other
than that I am wrapping up this vibe
here if you guys enjoyed it make sure
you guys give it a giant thumbs up and
do me and go Turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I'll upload every
single day do me gang the homine after
he is doing a lot more giveaways in
every single show of mine which is
really really sweet of him all you guys
got to do is go subscribe to the homie
nap there the link will be in the
description down below you guys will
have a chance to win either ps4 iPhone X
s or an iPad so stay tuned the Numa gang
I love you guys so much hope you guys
enjoyed the vlogs it is just getting
started
I'll see you guys then take care and
peace like
