hey guys what's up a new beginning I
hope you all haven't missed a because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy positive amazing
super duper duper duper duper dude
okay guys so today means some decided to
make it a little slat um day so he did a
video on his channel called psycho fan
stories which is insane like really
funny so guys want to check it out the
link is down below it's really insane
story so watch your viewer is described
how do you say your few where it is
described here's the examining the
device I'm filming this guy spoke a few
times are you good at something
guys I want to leave that line is like
yeah yeah this life on the barbershop
lines like someone like cut your brain
and like make some of your brain out
like throw it out there put water like
put a vector come on slim that see bro
ah again it's disgusting
it's normal bro damn that's nasty how's
that nasty you just burped it's just a
sound no exaggerate - it's only medium
you bring much to make you thinking it's
nasty it's a nice yeah roll medium let's
see the media could brainwash anybody
bro hey guys you're watching Fox 5 News
burping is not cool people if that guy
from plus side news who wasn't it and we
has great hair though oh yeah the Apes
season Suzy che ah we're gonna watch my
old Instagram videos these are the days
man no no I sometime in the days when we
shall meet up just to make Instagram
videos we go hard we go oh now we go
hard on YouTube and I know we've always
been youtubers yeah 82 we did this on
the side to be you know to have fun with
you guys this has been like a couple
years ago so we're gonna watch some of
my old uh
SBR videos the son is gonna watch and I
wanted it so
Roback throwback
using this one
good girl the funny thing is my mom and
like my sister he's like wait in the
side when I'm filming these videos and
it was so ugly well because she's always
there like staring at me like when you
gonna finish my dad would Club my dad
would come and he think I'm doing like
my mom
he would know cuz you see the back you
media and he's like yeah I got it I'll
turn around he's like so I go through a
lot filming these videos but the only
thing that's weird is that Adam plays a
better girl than does the boys one thing
I love is Rima I love remotes he's such
a good actor
she's so good she's to pick me up and
make me do these videos and Adam left
the old video today it's gonna be funny
you're gonna be funny yeah the end or
even react it's really good member that
reman watching Remo I should realize
I'll make me watch the videos I have you
remember that you're real sweet Oh
Christian in my life you get so dejected
mean does that visit so much Javad
voltage you get Gilligan Dena Dena one
will touch her she cannot move it
he's watch is calling cuz she see me
dude do it to Japan and she's she thinks
is real she was younger she thinks is
real she's hating me she's always crying
so she cried she seen me like Raja Matt
but you might want to me like just take
you with me to help me do that
Alberta side Photoshop little go chain
on slim help me actually do that video I
did know how to use Photoshop so I do
not have no clue why I called Slim's
demo but nothing except key to helping
me I don't know why I can call I was
like I think it's my last option for
funny girl smart even now remember it's
gotta be I put your number instead
of my mom's number bro remember if I
want skydiving with you so what if like
we both fall still you're my first
option though I don't know sometimes I
think like other I don't know which one
are you are you dumb stupid idiot which
one
Mondays done two days well yeah so
hopefully with that so thank you so much
every time I do like an Instagram video
it happened to me the day before so I'm
like go this happens you let me do it
right away like tomorrow before so
that's how I still do my Instagram
videos whatever anything happens the
next day long see when I did this video
the day before I happen
oh my god this is the point of sweat
head like some innocent they were
already suspicious well I felt really
suspicious because my face was like down
on my come prank
so they come pray they just kept looking
like what the hell likewise like then I
go down to our boy and there's a
freaking hell don't ever go oh that's me
we were the sweetest why is it Muslim
like that man's funny man oh my god the
funniest thing about this story it was
it was really dumb Ilan and I had to
bring the drinks and everything to like
to make the video so when I did bring it
to like the room
my mom actually thought I was eating it
so in in her house she's like he's might
make an excuse to do a video to eat that
so my mom no it's really video you're
gonna this will appear on
I had to let Holmes to take this slap
you have that you two oldest one and I
had like a she's a girl how does that
you're taking a slap for the video he's
like okay okay I'm like yeah how does it
just gets excited about ever he's in a
video he'll get slapped he'll get body
saying I was like I said in a video he's
cookin anyways um I'm done with the
video if you guys want to part to let me
know you dislike a thumbs up angle that
was a goblin there's a lot more into
your videos that I've done it could've
missing missing my hat well like the
Khloe's went away please tweet me any
videos you have it yeah send me the
files and I'll do a part two because no
belly dancing leaves are like oh yeah
belly dancer ones dancing or Reba's
literally the the rapping ones there's
so many of them so please please tweet
them to me my Twitter as some scooters
right here go check out his video
because I feel like his video was much
more cool they're fun
I'll see you guys tomorrow today's the
big day with the boxer fight so tomorrow
you guys will see the boxing fight and a
holder on lines black tomorrow I see
that smart
take care and please I love you I do me
I love
you
