here was poppy to do me gang bless you
brother your little eyes oh that hit me
you're good yeah I'm good I'm good today
I am finally doing I let my insert bless
you ok hi buddy are you allergic to
something yeah I'm allergic to bullshit
eyes but today we are doing you sneeze
one more time as I was saying today is
the day where I'm doing I let my
Instagram followers control our light
for a day
slim I'm sorry I had to bring you in
this you ready no it's Latin we always
do some crazy wild things together I
just hope you don't gotta do anything
like to crazy I know there's gonna be a
lot of crazy things trust sure like how
Grievous has a caution cuidado
we're the Spanish neighborhood to Adam
so go we fit in I don't fit in you look
like Hispanics and Middle Eastern that
there's so much your comment pretty much
like cousins if they dance all set up we
don't do that yeah we do belly dancing
hey alright guys this is how we're doing
it first we got a thank you thank you so
much nice to meet you 32 I'm Kathleen
nice to meet you though would you guys
mind signing a post time for my job by
the way
Oh your formative um we want to build
more onyx we can offer more jobs
thank you so much you're like a real
person start an argument with someone or
cry to someone what would you rather
ought to see us do try to somebody all
right she said cry to somebody
we'll see what Instagram thanks thank
you yo we in the streets in Brooklyn
right now it's really loud it's gonna
get hectic out here so let's take a
selfie
hi guys so I just posted a story and
they keep saying 50% 50% it's like
really close they're still saying 50/50
blown and we're waiting and it's like
you know it's staying the same thing so
I think this one means slim we got to do
one each which one do you want to do
we'll do Rock Paper Scissors Webber wins
they choose which dare they want but it
says shoot Oh bang bang Chang Chang what
are you gonna do I think I'm gonna cry
but yeah all right I'm gonna have to
argue with someone so I'm on let's uh
let's get to it slim so Chi dick
fuck
thank you
thank you
I feel so bad well it so needs
bad bad news my freaking mic just died
only charged one of the microphones I
was supposed to charge both of the
microphones but I didn't know it's kind
of looking weird but now I know and the
thing is I can't use the mic right now I
was literally about to prank a cop but I
would have been so good at him I know I
was gonna like start an argument well
I'm not like a funny it was gonna be
funny but it's all good in the hood
everything happens for a reason maybe
maybe I didn't go there because maybe
it's a sign maybe it's a sign I'd like
that I know I know but still
next time I'm gonna charge my mics and
everything that you guys chose I am I am
a small fault I'm an idiot but it's all
good in the hood I didn't know it's a
new mic I guess a brand new might cost
so much money and I'm an idiot I didn't
know we'd be doing a lot of videos in
public especially now that we have the
mic and we're still doing we're still
doing this we're just gonna cut it into
parts everything that you guys told us
to do we're still gonna be doing that
for now I need to go get a haircut cuz
tomorrow I'm leaving to the UK what's up
man I doing oh thank you man I
appreciate it I think this is probably
one of the last moments I've seen you
right now on this so if I'm the first
you're gonna be going somewhere and I'm
gonna meet you there
okay all right so wherever the married
oh yeah I gotta know I don't know like
well I don't know I don't know sunny
should I dress like cold like good
question oh I don't know I got I'll just
see you there eat some Wilcox and the
keep they'll they'll be with you you're
the only one that doesn't know so uh I
don't know that I'm about to get a
haircut right now I'm leaving slim I'm
gonna see you guys oh my god we'll see
you guys no other first one first one
first I love my man how much packed with
you with winter and
and summers back everything's gonna be
fun me a crazy crazy time really good
for the blacks too but stay tuned do me
I'm buddy got my car now so I'll see you
guys in the shop all right I do me XY I
just got home from getting a haircut I
am packing I'm ready to leave to the UK
tomorrow I'm so mad right now because I
couldn't get to finish the video for you
guys I still have to sing sicko mode in
one direction in public I still have to
either propose to a girl or either walk
in boxers in public and I have so many
more dares to do so you know what I'll
be doing them throughout the week while
I'm traveling in every different country
that I go to so I'm not even mad about
it because I'm actually in a really good
mood because as I told you guys I'm
doing something really big for my home
country Yemen and that is one of the
reasons why I'm going to the UK for a
few days before I go to Singapore
Malaysia and Indonesia which is these
dates right here you guys will know the
exact information once I'm in the UK but
do me gang I am partnering up with a
dope charity a dope foundation you guys
probably heard of it before and we are
gonna do something really big for Yemen
so stay tuned I can't wait to tell you
guys I can't wait to be doing this
because my family is so excited about
this also so even though I feel bummed
out right now because of what happened
today because it made the vlog a bit
shorter the vlog was supposed to be
longer it's a bunch of craziness going
on but it's all good as I said
everything happens for a reason the only
thing that's making me a bit more sad is
that my flight is tomorrow morning and
then I land in the UK at 1 a.m. which
means I have the whole day literally
doing nothing and I'm just in a plane so
I do not even know what the heck I'm
gonna vlog but it's all good it's all
positive vibe I'm still gonna give you
guys something every single day do me
hang as you guys know I upload every
single day so do not forget to subscribe
I am ending the vlog here it is kind of
short and I apologize for that once
again I'm sorry but if you guys still
appreciate row of lines make sure you
guys give like a giant thumbs up and go
Turkey I will see you guys tomorrow do
me gang thank you guys so much for your
love and support take care and peace I
love you
