hey guys what's up in to me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day once again it is
super cold here in the Netherlands but
today we are finally doing something
touristy we're gonna go to the city and
just walk around and explore the city
because I've never really got to explore
Amsterdam in a way where I didn't have
like a show or event so I'm gonna
explore it freely and see what's up
hopefully I get to meet some of you guys
and hopefully it turns out fun hello
guys I am with no your name is Mawson
say more said do you know your name he
does not know his name your name is an
atom say Mawson right now I'm vlogging
so I can put in the vlog while I'm away
so you guys can not miss Rima and Watson
too much because I know you guys always
miss them so I decided to vlog with them
and for you guys say what's up say hi to
them while I'm filming this I'm gonna be
missing you guys so much watching this
that's crazy right that's insane right
mama tell you guys a funny story
what but before I tell you guys about
this funny story I want to tell you guys
about this gaming app called best fiends
so best fiends approached me and told me
they want to sponsor this video and I
said yes Rima and mas and they play a
game so so much so they play that game
okay so I said yes they can sponsor this
video because I do like best fiends
since Rima my son liked it and I played
it and I do like it but they play it so
much so i'ma tell you guys about best
fiends forever
what are you doing push-ups so buzz fees
favor is the second game and the best
fiends trilogy it has the same
characters and the same story but it's a
brand new and different kind of game so
if you guys do not know Rima has no an
iPad and Marcin has his own iPad and
they play games so freaking much and
they always play best feeds because they
got to punch it and tap the coins he has
himself as the background was his code
how does a two-year-old have a freaking
iPad lock number what's his number how
does he know so this is the game you
basically collect coins and shoot them
you can get a fireball right here oh
right there this guy has this little
like spider-man web web right here look
how many coins I got bang huh this is a
cute background of Rima and her dad
which is my brother this is the game
right there best fiends forever so
remember you can download best feeds for
free let me know how far you guys go
Muhsin take my freaking phone and his
iPad only have read was iPad but yeah so
the funny story involves my aunt she is
back once again so there was a vlog from
like last year because rimas favorite
cartoon show so Rima has a favorite
cartoon that she watches what's your
favorite cartoon alright it's Peppa Pig
it's like this cartoon that involves
like British is like I don't know it's
like a British cartoon but they play in
America Rima loved it so much she always
watches Peppa Pig but my aunt went crazy
my aunt was telling my mom that is Haram
to watch pigs to st. basis and that the
kids are not allowed to watch pigs on TV
I know we can't but my aunt be bugging
out so my mom starts believing her and
says bugging out on me because mama just
hears what she says and she stops
bugging on me telling me why you learn
here even watch pig stuff for some I'm
like mom it's a freaking cartoon show
and mom does not
what I freaking say I thought mom stop
but I guess she probably needs another
diss track you don't fight me by her
because she's watching this right now
I know you watch it okay okay okay okay
I'm gonna be ready from our to call my
mom but I'm gonna be away so you can
call her all you want but first let me
take you guys on a tour to the apartment
that everyone hates I'm supposed to show
you guys a couple days ago I'm gonna
show you guys right now I love it I
think it's unique so it starts off like
this this mannequin right here which is
I have no clue slim put on a shirt to
keep her halal then I feel like we fell
asleep and someone who are dressed the
mannequin alright so not undressed the
mannequin AB girl I don't know we also
have a piano here you guys let me know
let me know what song let me know what
song is this ready Oh
I didn't do that good but hope another
song let me know in the comments below
we also have some weird creatures here
it's like it's artsy look at this look
at this light it was like a skirt it's
really artsy I love it it's really good
stairs here I'm going to show you guys a
little after we have a picture of Naz
right here I do not know why I don't
know why he hates it the most
maybe because there's a picture of him
did you know there was a picture of
yourself here and I'm wearing ceilings
fur jackets here with some silly I so
see them a son has a funny story so
here's a ad I remember when I went to
Umbra in Vegas oh I was like is that / -
I want to do I envy he thought zoom out
was over that but it's all good
I'll teach you more little right love
baby oh love you know I don't say but
this is the kitchen right here I made me
some coffee earlier I'm gonna take you
guys upstairs this is why they really
really hate it because upstairs it's
like the ceiling is like up to five feet
so I was like up to here to me and I got
a walk bending down some has to walk on
is these super soft are you good
it's fun though I hit it twice ready
yeah well it's fun alright well like
it's easy found almost like it was
there's a smoke house bossy yeah there's
a meter this is our house this house I
put the camera out and I say what
I got so the most random guys this is
this is my like this is like the
Amsterdam's so they will randomly out
there at the boxing place then they
randomly class go through and they will
randomly in the city and we were reading
in the city and then we just randomly
kick this is like destiny I'm so sorry
she's the quiet one of us she's the loud
one
Leila right here she's the crazy one
like me she feels like the shy one she's
so yeah we'll see you guys in the next
chapter oh you can do it go oh hi guys
so they're teaching me some Dutch and
they told me how to say you're beautiful
right yeah boy I get bent more so I'm
Ivette boy your bad boy how we're doing
some touristy stuff which is hanging
around the city all right let me know
did she touch let me know is that
brother the event boy event
brother your bad-boy sound news save
again yeah but your best boy yeah event
boy What did he say he says thank well
thank you so much man I appreciate it
yeah can I get a ride on your bike
please no famous youtuber from New York
guys I was rarely wagon with them and he
liked that famous season from New York
and I came up and he was like what the
hell is him and I was like that's so
weird
your phone died yeah I think my phone
died - no I swear to God I just took one
in the died my phone is completely that
guys I meet the weirdest people here in
Amsterdam say what's up are you good bro
Thank You Man top of all of it Thank You
Man appreciate it
watch these guys out incredible thank
you Febby scheming alright guys we just
got to the apartment right now and
there's a fan that broke into the house
and this alarms going on so I do not
know what's gonna happen but it seems
like Weber likes robbing the house but
we're not but those are color fans were
knocked on the door and they I think I
guess when we just came in before you're
trying to break into the other side the
other side is a different door where
it's like some lady's office
and it's Rigby right here so this is
awkward I don't know it hasn't stopped
spill like 20 minutes I don't know
what's happening but guys please please
please if we ever do like immediately
come through but please I want you guys
getting in trouble with summer because
no comes like private like I don't want
you guys getting in trouble for
trespassing or like anything I'll meet
you guys they always love meeting guys
it's my favorite part everything but
going into like breaking it to stuff
like that you can get in like really big
trouble I do not want to get you guys in
trouble
and I don't want you guys getting me in
trouble I try to get like the van answer
them so 13 if we go to Sydney and if
we're gonna be in Sydney from the 19th
from the 19 I'm picking up so 19 we
leave Sydney and we come back to the UK
that's why you'll flights on the 20th
you get up huh get lost man now as you
say Tommy it's my guy so I'm in the
bathroom right now and I have these
little things it's like snapping snapper
pop swimmers but they're they're really
really strong ones like I said they
sound like legit gunshots oh goodness
this is it right here okay this is it
right and it makes powerful powerful
noise these are freaking loud so so
while they're fixing that I don't know
the thermometer or something like that
because it's freaking hot right now
inside but it's cold outside all the
fixing it meantime they're gonna go and
just like pop it at them so hi guys so
something is wrong which I don't think
the thermometer and this is like Dumb
and Dumber like they're not even like I
don't know what's going on but they're
trying to fix it so the whole thing is
gonna come off the whole thing's gonna
come apart involved
why is it I'm gonna ride with the bike
here I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
I'm still trying so hard to decide who
wins this hat like it's really really
hard to type so do once again leave a
comment below thumbs up this vlog and I
will randomly choose someone I tried to
choose someone last time but it's so so
hard because I want to choose a real
rider that'll do me
so honestly this time if you guys
comment again if I see the similar faces
and similar people then you're more
likely to get chosen so hopefully I'll
be choosing someone tomorrow I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me a take care pics
I love you so baby please be who you
want to be I know you
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want
