are you talking to like that don't want
to get shot hey guys what's up ado me
young I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day I
am in the Netherlands right now like 10
minutes away from the city in Amsterdam
we're chilling out here and it's really
really cold but I'm loving this weather
this Netherlands whether it's like it's
like the real winter but it's a good
it's a good cold so I'm heading out
right now to go get medicine there's no
cars or nothing well this car is but
there's like no cars I can get a taxi so
I have to walk to get medicine for nos
because nos hurt his arm while he was
working out I do not know how but he is
still working out right now I worked out
with him he went out to the boxing gym I
wanted to go out and do something
touristy today that's why I sweetie you
guys I wanted to do something tour see
it's like 3 o'clock right now it gets
dark in like an hour it's who I want you
to do something so bad but maybe
tomorrow we'll do something don't know
what I love about Amsterdam there's
water literally everywhere there's like
a river or a lake like anywhere you go I
feel like there's more water than like
land like what the hell like I just
walked like 2 minutes
and it's freaking water and you guys are
freaking lost I don't know where it's no
like shop or like a corner store or
something at brother Medina was a store
around here sorry a store like to get
medicine anything this way how many
minutes walk all right Thank You Man hey
California I think he got really angry
when I said Nick happened yeah but it's
all good
this is really weird walking alone in
the streets of
the local streets of Amsterdam I'm not a
touristy spot it's a local street of
Amsterdam and I chose this place around
here so I'm going to show you guys the
place that I got that everyone hates
it's a really unique really unique spot
another thing I love about the
Netherlands is that people use bikes you
know they're not unhealthy like the
people in America they never use bikes
everyone here uses bikes guys where's
the freaking car there's some shady
people right in front of me right now
they look like they're selling some
illegal substances substances they're
looking at me right now they're looking
at me like I want we're don't look right
see it on the right there's everything
all right do you know how to go to a
place a corner shop
a corner shop for somewhere to get like
training to be like medicine out of that
can I hop I don't shoot the bite I know
sorry I don't know
go with you can you take me there
shout out to this lady for taking me
I'll drag what you go yeah go with the
bike over Jagger she's gonna take me I'm
completely lost
I do not know where I'm not from here
you can see that where I'm from I feel
like I'm running away from home some
people looking at me like I'm an alien
I found the shot how's it I do man I
found it
yes kind of candies this there's a fini
fini burger gum this fini boom liquid
what does finis means Wow here's a cool
Canyon this sounds good
ba listo all right I need you get to
medicine guys this is a freak admission
I just left the store because they do
not accept my card I need to go a cash
looking for an ATM machine
I'm just getting medicine and water
that's all I need and it's been like 20
30 minutes just looking all around man
excuse me you know with the ATM around
here ATM machine
doing thank you
how you doing summer Nick I'm sliding
about that I do thank you so much ATF
machine honey hey I'm actually my friend
yeah you go straight ahead yeah you're
on the pot you get to eight year cycle
thing okay I can't thank you come here
thank you shout out to the man right
there I'm runnin to the ATM machine
I don't know it's a I need about some
under this bridge
whereas the yeah okay we see what is the
freakin eat here man
so Donna was 88 here machine no idea
cash machine cash
and let's hot idle their hair globe huh
try to speak Dutch are you from here you
know ztm
I don't know is a TIA I'm freaking
Boston there's no in here like the lone
like one person 15 minutes later I found
an ATM machine right here I'm gonna take
out the cash I'm lost I do not know
where the store is that so hopefully I'm
Taylor cash and go to stuff
are we talking like that don't want to
get shot you wanna get shot motherfucker
so we gonna shoot boat come on come on
we do something bro come on come on via
come on come on yeah come on
I didn't do nothing wrong all I did was
skip the line by accident I think he
started cursing me I went dutch then
after that he's talking to me saying if
I want to get shot this dude is crazy
man he's in City let me see what that
guy did what was he saying huh
motherfucker no what was he saying he's
gonna shoot me right yes what the hell
do they have guns Irina touch huh Dutch
people have guns that's a gun what are
you gonna let him know New York City we
got you nosey I know we got some Nexus
I'll fight him even if I'm alone Ronald
Cara take care of everything he was
telling me he has a gun so I got scared
I thought he really had a gun and after
that he pulled it up like this there was
nothing in there he was trying to scare
me and out scared me so what I did was
out scare him it makes him get scared
when someone is when someone's being
tough at you you got to be tough right
back at them because you can't let them
you know Punk you out or nothing like
that I don't know what he was telling me
in the beginning but he was cursing me
out in Dutch and I was like yo I don't
speak whatever you speak when he ended
up stating in English he's gonna shoot
me and I'm like what the hell this trip
has been insane literally I had leave me
got the medicine I haven't got the water
I do not even have my phone to text
anyone to say what's up my phone I left
my phone charging Thank You Man
I got it in shook it out thank you so
much how can help I got it at 7 o'clock
some guy was crazy man why I I skipped
him in line I didn't know then he was
telling me to get shot he was like don't
me to shoot you and then he goes like
that and hey Moses well you but he says
his English is well you ha
it's zero but yeah we're glad to see you
what am i doing I'm just walking around
trying to get you know some lettuce
alone huh you're alone I'm alone I'm
alone the city he's shocked he's like oh
my god yeah hey Calculon yo yeah hey
California mission accomplished I got
water juice and medicine for NAS it's
freezing after a whole freakin mission I
do not know why all these bad luck
always happens to me all these crazy
arguments I always have I feel like I'm
always a target to getting in trouble
and I try my best to like stay away from
it but it just comes back run it to me
my plan was to do something touristy
today I ended up doing something local
something really local in the Dutch okay
I mean it felt good to God doesn't feel
like feels like I'm really living here
for like a good couple of hours all
right guys so me slim earlier and hatted
we went out to go look for the guy who
try to pull out a gun on me because he
got me angry man he's he's trying to
hurt me herb in New York he's like he's
trying to like shut me down
yeah um New York City man you will back
that shit so we can't accept looking all
over him I did it be my camera some
brothers so you're gonna see on his blog
oh we don't see me but we don't we see
no I thought it was literally crazy I do
not know why he would even do that to me
I was so scared man one thing about
scared if you actually pull up like the
imagine you really had with him yeah man
I thought for a second this will happen
i'ma show you guys the whole beginning
of it so he pulled out he's escaped in a
line I skipped him I didn't know first I
spoke Dutch then I was like oh but I
don't speak the language I told me you
don't see me stupid and I was like yes
then I said relax he was like he was
sure I was like yo then he perceives it
I ran across the street and I tried to
touch my phone I don't have my phone
yeah so then he kept going like that and
he didn't pull out to shoot so I run I
run back and I part the camera I'm like
oh shoot me now
shoot man she just shoot the wrong pimp
and if you check the other hip design
totally different sorry I wouldn't know
I love my gosh they stop it from New
York I got stuff I came back to the
friend and I didn't find them but it's
all good maybe we'll see him look at
something like the next couple days
isn't that one a play so he's in the
wrong neighborhood he's in my
neighborhood I know you live in area but
it's my neighborhood now hey Cal Fanny
out I just want what Dutch but right now
we're trying to rent a car because we
have to go somewhere like around an hour
or hour and a half away for a meeting
and after that we're back home we're
gonna eat hi guys we just got home and
we had this long long meeting go so long
tiring but it was an amazing amazing
meeting if you guys do not know I'm
doing like a world world tour and I'm
starting with Europe I wanted to do
Amsterdam once again but the thing is I
had a choice either to do Amsterdam or
Berlin Germany so I had to choose Berlin
German because I wanted to give every
single one you guys a chance
so Berlin Germany Barcelona Milan Italy
and damn Oslo Denmark Copenhagen then it
continues on to Indonesia Singapore
Malaysia I'm forgetting it likes it
Mel board and then Sydney then after
that again if you don't even know Naz
knows most of it but anyways I'm and end
the vlog here than that see you guys
tomorrow hopefully tomorrow we do
something touristy because I want to do
something touristy in Amberson now that
we do it on the toilet or something
touristy that's when do something I want
to feel like I'm a tourist in
Netherlands I don't wanna feel like a
local boy in Netherlands because today I
felt like a local boy in a gang in
Netherlands but I feel like I was
terrorized today by that by that guy huh
I feel like now you know it's crazy I
feel like I was terrorized like I got
scared
I actually thought he's gonna shoot me
mom but if I would have done it to him
would have been a whole different have
been considered like a terrorist but
well he did he's a terrorist for what he
did to me he terrorized me I'm still
shaking tilted I was literally shaking
cause I really thought he's gonna shoot
me then after I found out he was just
chance and BS and I went up to him and I
just he just ended up leaving but the
scary thing is he's around the area
where I was saying I
oh he's through chipper he is around the
area so we might see him around in the
next couple days if we do we're gonna
see how it goes now see you guys
tomorrow hope you guys enjoy this bag
and give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
take care of w/pics a cow
