honestly no Italian people blowing
anybody up I don't see no no no little
Spanish person Chloe
I keep seeing some glowing people that's
right
hey guys what's up in to me and I hope
you're having an amazing there because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day today is the day
before Election Day which means it's
gonna be a crazy hectic day outside go
my electric bike so it's about to get
crazy and I'll see you guys in next shot
I am outside with my electric bike I am
near the Apple Store 59th Street and it
took me around eight to ten minutes to
come here without a Sega over or a train
or what it took 20-30 minutes
this is why I love this thing I need to
get I have a GoPro ready but I need to
get the thingy that attaches on here so
either today or tomorrow I'm gonna buy
it and I'm gonna show you guys how crazy
of a bike rider I am because I go
through so much traffic and it's really
really dangerous but it's really
interesting to watch guys there's this
crazy thing going on near the Trump
Tower down there so I'm gonna go check
it out see what's going on because
America is going wild these couple days
because of what's going on so let's see
how it goes
the Syrians listen to me what you want
to stick them in our country right where
America is a free country it's not a
free country this is a place of war
see what I'm saying regardez you guys
want this kind of thing a free country
religiously ready for whatever they want
walk around and slice people because
that might be part of the ideology I
don't see no Italian people growing
anybody up I don't see no no no little
Spanish person glowing I keep seeing
some islands where we people are kosher
that's right because you're here of
course I'm American are you like America
or our observers so thank you fell there
so what you saying arms above I'm not
okay with you girls we're peaceful so
what you saying you guys know right
herbs are what our support country we
need to know who the hell you are
these are the nightmare who's that we
don't like to drink and not let anybody
that's what the meters well okay but you
just said Arabs Arabs all right
okay
we're gonna vote one Florence young
people both without any idea what did
she said I don't know have no clue
tomorrow Hillary wins yeah we're gonna
be bombed they're gonna be Bob listen to
me get the video and if Chuck was gonna
that's right and if trouble wins is
gonna be worse I can't believe I just
had a full-on argument I didn't want
there you go check it out they gave me
so mad like I don't wanna argue anything
but she's just oh my god these
supporters are like like airheads
literally air has me I never usually get
angry but that lady got me angry because
she's just really racist and then she
she tries to justify herself and it
really like and it really dumb way like
girl
I don't understand it man also most
summers were peaceful which Hill and
we're funny were cool so stops girl it's
2016 we Chuck what's wrong with you girl
I'm at Washington Square Park and
there's this I don't know what this is
very
cannot touch it you can take it is it
real money I don't know what this is
what is it there's a hashtag on there
there's a website on there so it's
called red white blue deja vu what is it
like supposed to mean well it's about
the fact that there are all these
right-wing politicians coming up in
these countries and for allies in the
Second World War
yeah and a certainly they're talking
about you know ideology is that we
fought against yes today has been a
crazy crazy journey with this bike I got
this at dollar bills with Trump Trump's
face on yeah I don't know I'm a mess
around later and just pay stuff with it
so let's see her
look who I bumped into what was good
good good good
wants us Trump some chump money I didn't
see that
oh man let's marry president what the
hell easy squad finally showed up and
he's wearing the new Easy's call
Holloway but it's another reduce what
you have in a different color see the
pipe like the version of the most
wearable you can wear with anything
hello what's the difference between this
one and that one nothing is just this is
version 2 these re-released so this is
the old one no no this is the old one
because they're more expensive than the
new ones cheaper oh this is supreme
Selden bricks what's about bring up I'm
gonna brick Fremont and guys to buy from
me I don't buy that because yesterday
that's all you shootin you know we're
now at the Adidas store and I just found
these shoes look at this this is how
they made it looks like a freakin smiley
face
I think is it comfortable these are
probably really comfortable because look
this ultra boost ultra booth with the 3m
many when you take a picture that
fashion life
guess who's in New York City cakes
it was good man you like if you
experience it man that's it go he's in
America it's different it's different
than the bar but the bicycles like a
whole different world there the whole
different world here that's amazing I
like your personality you can be big one
day I promise you when I want me you
next time cool kicks and fire kicks
they're heading back City whenever you
guys come here is home let's just say
we're gonna be at the LA show for the
USA take em you know okay do me gang
it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy his life did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so much for always giving a
like a thumbs up every single day truly
means the world if you guys have me got
your tickets get your tickets now I'll
see you guys tomorrow they're gonna be
announcing the president either you guys
are watching today they're gonna be
announcing the president today or
tomorrow I believe and it's I don't know
it feels different maybe a few guys were
out of America you guys probably annoyed
by this because they've been talking
about everywhere but america we're
scared like we're literally scared if
like if Trump becomes president like
every like racist person they're gonna
feel like they have power and that's
kind of like you know that's gonna
affect such the Arabs and Muslims and
and and you know Hispanics and blacks
thinking it's gonna affect that so much
so hopefully Trump doesn't even though
Hillary I don't even she's not even
there whatever but if Hillary wins the
races people won't feel as powerful but
if Trump wins he's gonna feel powerful
so let's see how it goes and yeah I
don't know we'll see how see you guys
tomorrow do we take care
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything
