right now you got hey guys what's up and
do me young I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day breaking news the hospital
just called my mom and they told my mom
that I need to go to the hospital right
now I do not know why but I'm so scared
and I'm so worried and yesterday I was
at the hospital but I didn't want to
vlog era nothing like that because I
didn't wanna make it seem like to you
guys like oh my god guys I'm sick feel
bad for me guys I'm sick I just I don't
know I just feel like it's weird but I
regret it cuz I should have told you
guys because like like your dad's are
what means the most your prayers are
what means the most so I should have I
should have said it so I'm so sorry I
should have you know took you guys with
me $2,000 in a scary moment right now
I'm in a scary moment - I wouldn't vlog
while being hospital right now cuz I'm
scared about my take you guys with me so
hopefully it's good news I am here once
again at the doctor's office and I'm
really really nervous because they're
gonna tell me something about Shila
everything goes great and I've never
been this scared in my life because they
told me that they need to tell me
something so I'm like really really
worried hopefully is nothing nothing bad
as I'm like down wait I'm literally
inpatient right now I'm a patient guy
but I'm impatient I'm not good
I've been here for like 10 20 minutes
I'm like literally reading just I got
anxiety right now still waiting but it's
been another like 30 minutes right now
and I was like - one of the first times
I'm in the hospital without my mom
usually mom's always with me and she's
really embarrassing she was crazy
she says the weirdest things ever but
I'm alone and it makes me more worried
but I got this I've got just some strong
I'm stronger to me here I'm doing a few
guys I'd be strong for you guys so let's
see how it all goes but doctor what
about clothes
prednisone and exhauster a cough syrup
so I'm gonna either have to get a pump
or a pill and I'm gonna try the pill
first then after that if it doesn't work
I'm gonna get the pump and I should be
there soon thank you thank ya I am at
the pharmacy right now getting my
medicine and I'm so glad I'm getting
pills and no like pump because the pump
I mean it's scary for him for my mom not
for music mom starts buggin out like oh
my god oh my god you got the pump oh my
she doesn't she's overreacting
everything's I'm so glad everything is
good I have done that and it's just I'm
just chill they just tried to give me a
choice to get the pump or the pill no I
was like I'll just get the pill yeah he
shot a cynic he just opened a door for
me he didn't know he had no clue I was
and I was having trouble bro thank you
so much oh thank you I am good I am fine
everything's completely fine I'm so so
happy I was just so worried because they
were like come through and when someone
tells you come now like to a doctor like
you obviously get these thoughts through
your head like what the heck is going on
but was just asking me if I want to be
on the pill or if I want to go on the
pump and I asked to be on the pill and
the pill is like a steroid they were
telling me it's like a steroid but it's
not like those steroids were like I give
you muscles this steroid it's like a
medicine store so you could pretty much
say I'm on steroids right here and I got
some cough medicine and what I pretty
much had was a post infection
something post I had a chest infection
and now it's a post infection something
so I don't know what's up with these big
words but all I know is I'm fine have
the left and I'm good and I'm ready to
go on through my day is just that I had
a really bad call from the coffee's
annoying affected my chest and the chest
affected my whole body having like a
whole headache I'm gonna head to
Brooklyn with my electric bike I'm
headed to Brooklyn with my lecture bike
I got these ankle bracelets because my
playing basketball today and Snuka Khan
is gonna be November 6th and I have a
big basketball game and he's looking at
me cuz it's weird for him when he sees
me vlogging I'm not joking
is it weird when you see see me like
talking you like it come on man how do I
look stupid when I've like let school
thank you me he sounded cool usually
people say I look super cuz I'm talking
to a camera but they don't know I'm
talking to do me hang to hundreds and
thousands of you guys so right yeah both
my ankles are hurt so I got to ankle
braces and I'm heading to go play ball
because November 6 nigga con is a big
game and I need to keep my ankles good
because if it's bad then I'm done like
literally done okay do me yang so what
you guys are about to watch right now is
a man who abused his dog I was riding my
electric bike and I seen this guy
arguing with two people these two people
were telling him hey you need to stop
doing that it's not right and I was
wondering I'll stop so because I'm nosy
so I stopped to see what's going on and
then after that I heard the guy say I'm
gonna do it again and he kicked his
dog's face he stomped on his dog and his
dog was barking like crime
then I pulled out my camera and this is
what happened so
dog the dog the dog that's a dog you're
a human head different answer that's a
dog I'm not gonna do nothing I'm just
telling you got pussy get off of me no
nigga yo-yo going away with that dog
great great everybody who knows me great
yeah grab him grab him grab him didn't
grab you don't yo get off of me take
your dog away y'all okay nobody taking
my dog oh it's my dog I mean you're not
supposed to kick you like that yeah oh
you know why because I got going to
three of you alongside everybody trying
to come at me cuz of my door
okay I got everybody coming on
don't go your why you touch it I know
you work around here don't worry this is
not over
trust me no you ain't gotta fear me
threatening out yo Rene my camera you
threatening our he already touched me
alright yeah alright dawg
he already committed a crime by touching
it good I did yes you did
okay that's animal abuse alright and if
I smack your camera well you're not
gonna smack my camera you're not gonna
smack none of my camera bro you're not
gonna smack your into my camera don't
try to leave yo don't settle evil
charity hey don't leave Holy Ghost not
gonna touch it wait
mater I got all right now you're trying
it now you trying to get ahead make a
difference I remember I don't forget
faces you know you knew who I could tell
you what do you just explain that why
one two three but you don't know you'll
take a farm boy
moron you you girl shit y'all listen if
you're walking dog I'll do whatever you
want do whatever it'll look like that
over here
I understand you were concerned about
the goal that's my goal okay I don't
care what you said but I've seen a
person getting beat I'd act the same way
I don't care I'm calling the cops
well he did was nasty literally nasty I
I cannot believe I did Academy I didn't
catch it on tape cuz I caught them
arguing first and then I was looking at
why were they arguing that I don't know
why he just kicks the dog stomps on it
kicked like it's like it's a freaking
ball the police are here right now so
let's see how it goes
okay though
okay have we seen him kick them already
yeah and I don't know if he's seen him
before
are you hard kicks you guys wouldn't
even be talking to me yeah but why would
you kick it and hit it like that stop on
it man do you know the dog was licking
piss do you know if the dog well you
don't have to kick it you don't have to
kick it listen my man I've been doing
this for years this dog has a habit of
look at this I bet you don't kick it
well you don't you don't tell me what to
do teach you the right way I've been
chief sorry but it's messed up you're
gonna kick it on this city there no he
knows like you say you can't bazaar look
it up
this is a difference he's gonna kick it
yo at the end of the day if you didn't
have the camera I'd kick you you'll kick
me so do it let's see the cameras down
is it yeah because he's been licking
piss he has a bad habit of look at this
he can't do that
so the guy that abused the dog ended up
getting arrested because he abused his
dog in a really really bad man I was one
of the way that says a lot of other
people other witnesses
you guys can anyone could cuz I'm some
new law they're gonna call you autumn
you snitch on him Wow
but anyone who it's a dog like that the
way I've seen it was literally insane
and it was it's not it's not something
cool it's not cool if he can hit his own
dog in public like that then imagine how
he can hit his dog in private which is
really really messed up I wish I could
have shown you guys how he hit the
frickin dog but I took out my camera
after he hit though because I didn't
know he's gonna hit his own dog he hit
it really hard like this pretty much
i'ma show you guys his logs right there
he kicked it straight up in the face and
then stomped on it like it's a freaking
doll so I'm so glad that hopefully they
take his dog away from him and give it
to a new owner what's up so I just met
up with the homies my doing what Cass
let me tell someone you're 10 mrs.
Hughes the dogs like I have to wait the
cops came I'm sorry Tony Isis but he
don't believe but he was seeing alive
well conscience about the drive that
lecture right it's not as easy as it
looks so unanswered bike it's not as
easy out like this I'm a massive fissure
sealing you're hesitate about
you troubling it is like this we're
going to this restaurant the team in
mind only saying us the good thing about
you guys you guys know all the dope
restaurants lives in Brooklyn and I live
in Manhattan and I came with the lecture
bike he's come on a car this is the
reason why I got this look who finally
came how long 2 hours and 35 minutes huh
shoulda took the plane here that's
aloneness two burgers over there here
yes let me find these pots bro I just
like somebody told me about on Facebook
I came here with the best burger man
look imma try it I'm gonna see you it's
amazing
hi guys we just got two basketball
courts us five me will cast my moon slim
and Khalid and why one of the most the
bestest basketball courts I believe in
Newark senior only really you have to be
nice to play have you come here now not
some playing you better leave cuz you
got to be nice this is like the dopest I
look at the view of the city right there
beautiful what a beautiful interview and
you got a representing your exterior
what's that well we'll have to play
these these Afghan boys right there so
there's gonna be a little 504 505 say
what's up you guys ready for tonight huh
all right so whenever like I'm sick he's
gonna actually sick so he's gonna take
over take over those clothes give you a
nice five-o five-o five-o us five we
just met them they're cool so you don't
see what's up let's see how so I don't
know if you guys can see me but I had a
crazy amazing basketball game
shout out said I have gotten to Sandy
homeys I'll play with you guys you guys
are so cool
I'm heading back home this is the
Brooklyn Bridge but how amazing this
view is
what an amazing view of is it's
beautiful always down there
Brooklyn is over there and that's it
even hand over there please is down
there
all the way down there Adam Sala
Daly I'm gonna be stalking you guys on
Instagram and I'm following you guys so
you guys are seriously the sweetest Adam
Sylar updates I'm gonna stay updated
with you on my timeline so what's up
vlog skrt skrt I'm following y'all
finally you guys what's up I'm gonna be
following a lot more of you guys on
Instagram and on Twitter so just tweet
me or comment in any picture and I'll do
it daily so thank you guys so much
feelings for it truly means everything
thank you guys so so much mmm okay do me
anger it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope y'all enjoyed the vibe did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for making
it to the end of life you didn't make it
to the end of line give it a thumbs up I
want to see how much you guys always
make it to the end of the vlog I'm rowdy
die do Me's thank you guys so so much
today was just a really weird day like
it was just a weird weird they catching
that guy and just like getting sick and
go to the hospital but it was a fun day
overall so hope you guys enjoyed today
with me and I'll see you guys tomorrow
adieu me yang take care and peace I like
gonna be so don't let anybody tell you
what you gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything
