some never likes trying new things come
on where we got to try new things we're
going to a place and Obama first
actually creativo
twice I committed
yo was pop oh I got the Miller oh look
I'm a mailman hey guys look who I'm with
I am with Dena and Jim and say was by
doing I miss you so much how are you
okay you doing good you miss me wanna
see a joke what I'm a seal no God please
no how much did you miss me Dina hey
miss me five yeah hi guys we're about to
go to a cupcake spot have some coffee I
haven't seen Dina Jumeirah for so long
so we're gonna go have a little chill
out what happened what's up you can snap
look nice to hang out in this place
literally like 10 to 15 years ago I'm
going to the store where they sell stink
bombs
aka fart bombs and I'm gonna pull one on
either slim or whoever I get to me after
whichever one of my boys out of me after
I'm gonna put a for bomb on yeah yeah
that's right
he said yeah so I'm going to the store I
already got my iced coffee he got his
cup Cates what's up maybe they don't
sell it no more but they do sell it
that'd be crazy because they should sell
it like 10 15 years ago so high for buck
for bombs
stink bombs stinky yeah no oh man the
worst thing about nothing oh do you have
any is something else no son no more I
used to come here 10 years ago and I
used to buy stink bombs no more no you
know maybe you speak Oh a police you're
gonna jump with the police for a sing
bomb really am i jus madam I just have
you far and slim okay you know where
they sell it
nobody cell phone with Dan that was like
ten 15 years ago and they I'm trying to
bring the old young Adam back but they
don't have far mom's oh no no no you
don't be there you be Japan
you okay you'll have a test like car
yeah how do you know about cars you're
only five so the video your Dina's
always has always been like literally
like my number one fan I love you DNA's
they see you're my favorite mmm
hey I love you - my favorite - my I love
you guys so much but you guys had to be
good right
guys like that kids book bag is open
look the book bag is open really yeah
yeah yeah man
be careful whoa come on school yeah well
Grady one night nice
yeah man it's back in the days in
freshman Friday whenever anyone's a
freshman I had to come up take the bag
and leave man all right all right sounds
good
do you know whenever you cards the
street you look right and laughs you
walk okay so how do you cross the street
hey you don't run it what the heck you
don't wanna walk do you know it tells me
like fun facts would you guys go to the
mess good this one right here
I remember this muscular I still always
go to when I was younger man I had a few
videos on MySpace I used to like mess
around with people I was kind of dumb I
uploaded it before it used to be around
this area right here you know Oh scared
me out though you got lost
yeah guys right this toy shop and I
remember Dean I used to be scared of
this so let's see if she's still scared
of her or not you know are you so scared
of this or no are you so scared of her
enough she's like maybe it's just she
has like a phobia of like little you
doesn't like it like she does not like
stuff like this this is crazy this is
like all the kids love this look touch
it touch it yeah she go through you
gonna get the police officer yeah you
wanna be a police officer yeah okay
let's go let me introduce to you guys
not a girl fight truck but a girl police
cutest police officer so what you're
gonna do is the police now oh you do is
play for night I stop playing that game
by the way you know who universe first
you know it's good math why you know
some place you got handcuffs you got oh
she's got a walkie-talkie
she got a whistle I thought you wanted
to be a girl fight truck though yeah no
more go fight truck yeah what do you
want to be please okay a girl a police
officer
and what and clarity and cardi B how can
we be a cardi B and a police huff is
that to say you know how to be quite a B
let me see you cardi B go
did you just say
Luzi something good I got that I said I
liked it like Danny gonna be cardi B for
Halloween ya know - man you're gonna get
arrested for playing too much more night
no it's not your life she's liking you
up come on like Oh
Deena's legit liking him and he's still
playing he's dope do me gang I had an
amazing time with Deena Jamel I'm about
to go meet up with the homie Slim Jim at
me honey man thanks yep was not good so
I'm roast you and toast you no one
messes with my family okay you're
a boiled egg don't mess with my family
active duty huh good bye I'll see you
soon oh oh oh my god
- man okay people could be free idle
some peas are savage you locked up maybe
why'd you break y'all just got it okay
don't be sad even thought me said it's
good it was broken
it's still a police officer police
officers don't cry police officers are
big and they're tough even was broken
knowing about it I'll give you a real
one this one is just a camera it's like
a plastic one okay
police don't cry okay let me see you
smile smile yes that's what I wanna see
nah keep it up keep giving everyone
tickets I walk behind to see us well
that's all I didn't sing
look at this view man New York City wow
this is gorgeous
that's what people oh I think we must
boy right there look
does he do we get public are you doing
nice to meet you
okay what seem in here let's go down
sorry sorry the escalator I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry I was gonna go down for you
guys thank you so much what's your name
thank you lyric
nice to meet you there you're okay now
Univ locks itself lyric is out here how
I adore this do it
the mother of the year right there thank
you everyone thank you guys so about to
go pick up isang are you Adams Ayla
who's that alright oh yeah I got you man
thank you
hey can I see mutable they can't on a
skateboard let me see you see me Ryan
right yo guys on the bride right here
the supplicant anyone
oh it's above yeah I'm gonna I'm you
good on you show you good and you good
one I hurt my wrist I don't come on man
you are
you should not yep
Oh
hi guys I need you guys to help me out
to make believe this is a game of like
Where's Waldo
whatever you guys call in the UK where's
Willie I don't know what the name is
right now we're playing we're a slim
hundreds of people right now so help me
find him uh let's see who finds him
first me are you oh my god this is gonna
be hard I do not see him yet where the
heck is he
is do bro
I'm assuming anymore we'll just look
around everyone
well oh I see him I see him look at this
dude look at look at him he's not low he
is not low Kia I'm waving him hi slim
listen it's my right I was really hard
that was so hard
we like the better zoom in camera Hinata
I am i zoomed in all the way in to find
you bugs is so hard to find then I see
them sitting down next like these dudes
reading and stuff hi guys I'm getting my
metro card boom I got it let's go yo
it's been a whole year man
who you gonna train station hey I think
I had rows on the floor now yo man I'm
glad to be taking a train once again I
just came out of jail two years until my
first time comes back in the train would
come in I just came out to joke between
us looks different now back in the train
station excuse me ladies and gentlemen
I'm here to give you guys a little bit a
little donation trying to make you lose
something on loonies hello friend Emily
so let me know if you guys enjoy
before we
mommy
thank you guys thank you so much
appreciate the visions
No
hey hey I mean I appreciate doesn't
matter
the homework husband
we just met up with the homie peace out
what's up
no at the donut shop boys and girls I
know they got a peanut butter and jelly
donut smells good what a peanut butter
jelly don't have the most remake bro
peanut butter jelly donut I'm gonna try
it on
well he nobody tell me we're not gonna
play dare good one good one advantage
some never likes trying new things come
on where you got to try new things we're
going to a place and Obama fair it's
actually creative oh okay
II know but a judge okay no I want you
to stop
funny guy
my friend recorded my friend showed me
my doing a piece piece
oh my god is so loud guys so I literally
just had my coffee with slurring I was
filming slim eating the donut a
literally just started sticking the
middle finger and I'm like I was
confused on my why she's taking the
middle finger she thought I was trying
to record her I was not trying to write
like what the hell's recorded slim yeah
and I don't know if she was coming at me
man all her New York accent thing she
was just she seemed like she was angry
on the city you know yeah baby don't say
that the anger on you I was trying to
tone up peanut butter jelly donut listen
to that if she really thought that you
before though she could ask you nicely
that's how I would say this is the she
sounded show off front of her girl she
had a girlfriend and she was like trying
a card in front of her like woven shoes
tell her we come fight outside I was
like girl get the hell out of here Oh
Ado beginning I am back home it was a
crazy wild damn but I had to sleep I
hope you guys enjoy this crazy ratchet
vlog if you guys want more ratchet vlogs
make sure you guys get vlog and giant
thumbs up and go turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I'll upload every
single day do me gang shoutout to my
rider guys thank you guys so much for
everything you guys always do I
appreciate every single one of you guys
all your love and support I am working
on what I'm doing for Yemen right now
and I'm also working on everything with
Singapore Malaysia Indonesia so Justin
no bajada scenes I am working really
hard just to get everything done and I'm
still doing daily videos every single
day I'm gonna head back to the city most
likely tomorrow so expect another
ratchet vlog that I will see you guys
tomorrow do me a I love you guys so much
so you guys out on Twitter Instagram I
don't know where every myspace I'll see
you guys much love tape
