hey guys what's up ado me yank I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day hey do me
dang I just woke up and I'm starting off
the day by chilling with the family for
a bit and after this I am somehow gonna
sneak into Slim's house my best friend
aka my cousin oh by the way this is our
first year anniversary when we found out
that we're cousin from the DNA ancestry
test will slim this is a little
anniversary present as you guys know
slim snuck into my house without me even
knowing but slim got lucky because there
was no one in the house but me so today
I'm somehow gonna try my best to sneak
in his house and stalk him see what he
does wish me luck because there's a lot
of people in his house I believe a few
of his brothers his parents some of his
cousins so I'm probably gonna get caught
but whoever I see I'm be like Shh I feel
like I'm gonna be doing a burglary or
something but yeah that's the main video
for today do me a promise you guys I
will try my best to pull it off so let's
start it survived my giving a giant
thumbs up thumbs up this video if you
guys believe in me I want to see every
single one of you guys getting this vlog
it thumbs up if you guys believe in me
sneaking it to his credit so smash that
like button and do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day you do me and literally every single
day it's like a diary but video so
subscribe and put the notifications on
I'm gonna go to my family for a bit then
after that I'm heading to Brooklyn let's
do it so remot today I'm gonna be
sneaking into Slim's house I am gonna
find that botch want to creep his butt
outs who want to scare him tonight can't
bring this yeah I'm gonna bring this
matter this is so creepy
imagine this just appearing in your crib
out of nowhere like guys look at that
homie Ali he's early he's literally just
playing in a like what's that what's up
oh he's always rolling over literally
and then lick and Watson knocked out
with his tattoos my boys really are you
serious Watson pretty serious what did
you just say yeah what the heck what the
heck
y'all was my boo talking in his sleep
what the hell are you dreaming about
yeah you can see it now he looks a lot
more like Rima than Mawson let me see
Rima go next him yeah you guys do a lot
this dude is still knocked out what the
heck guys look at Ali's new wit that's
ready look at this niggas wit hey if I
make that little whip come on let me see
you drive drive let's go oh hey these
killing me we're also here with the big
boss homicide on his popping G hi doing
boy I'm good mommy got the cut look at
this how's everything good fresh swag
doubt you'll be getting all the ladies
now man oh hi guys I just pulled up to
Slim's crib I've been texting his
brother Hilah to open the door for me
and to go back upstairs like nothing
happened he's the only one that knows
that I'm coming right now slim has no
clue I also got this I'm waiting till
how'd it come so he can open the door
for me don't don't call the police on me
don't call the police
thank you so much for doing this I
appreciate you
how this yeah what I don't know yeah I
love you too make it stay there's a big
estate some cooking with that I know I'm
and just hide you guys just like you
just pretend like you don't know
everything is just relish it dislike
yeah just do whatever you're doing right
you don't
Oh see I'm not here I never seen these
why you didn't see that I'm high school
it do me gang this is where I'm hiding
fuck
Oh what the heck was that I think you
want to go clean his shirt I'm gonna
take a bite of the sandwich I'm gonna go
fight this house okay okay
whew China it's done he's helping me out
diet Holly
yo ma what move my sandwich no by a
sailor yo come on man what's fucked up
we my sandwich roll mm and I had one a
wardrobe yes you see my oh no that's
sandwiches all right
your houses here houses your imagine
coming to your own house in someone else
opening the door doesn't mommy's house
don't tell me here okay just go upstairs
and eat your sandwich right yes yes
don't see him here don't see him here
right yo this is so fucked
take those that which take taller so
just take subsetting bro honestly mother
we have fun enjoy Santa yo yo how's that
yeah
yep
Robitaille honest ebowley times up
Joe come on let's see what times it's
not yours you're just rs.100 man ain't
nothing wrong mister funniest thing ever
alright guys so this is what I'm gonna
do I'm just gonna pull up there and be
like what's up slim I just came to say
hi to pretend like everything's alright
and I'm not even gonna mention I snuck
in his house and did all this till he
watches the video tomorrow I told you
I'm gonna show up at your door precise
match was his surprise you go I'm upset
bro you mad weapon which off the camera
is a bad weapon huh in one series will
entail about this your failures you
accept the sandwich what years out
that's it it's not to say I love you
cooked it myself bro well I go to myself
don't you be the posture straight guys I
just got to Slim's house to surprise him
and this dude is telling me that better
I know so child matter I'm gonna beat
the crap out of him sighs pretty good
it's all good yeah my sandwich brothers
how cool man the whole thing yeah maybe
use hungry it's right nah bro I'm tight
that Sidney 40 minutes to me maybe it
was like hunger you're starving I'm
seriously I cooked it go state broad
cook that shit everyone look how is it
how is it how did it taste be honest
how you been bro i bethought it is some
chilling process they haven't seen you
for so long man no kind of jutsu bro yo
you guys get it man long I've been in
the back mashallah so long now like it
my Shawna's good you have nice hair be
all set myself for today man my mask oh
man let's get food first please I'm
hungry
hi guys this is 30 minutes later we just
got done doing a little challenge video
on Slim's channel called try not to rap
a long challenge and he brought me out
food seriously thank you so much I
appreciate a minute you know I always
come over your cribs like you know - I
know but I'm sorry that like someone
took your sandwich you know I'm saying
you know I just ate like a whole meal
right now thank you so much each other's
parents thank you guys you guys are so
amazing for everything you guys always
do
Hammad I loved it so much that Baba's
back what's up
all right guys so we're trying to go
play basketball but there's a fence here
literally covering the whole freakin
basketball court and there's like
construction going on but this people
play basketball so I don't know if we're
allowed to do this but we're happen to
face in New York you have defenses like
every time oh my god so what are you
doing
slim you good
good how are they they're clean and
we're all the way here on top of
construction and water like what the
heck
be careful that pointy like stuff no way
another you to get poked Delia poke like
they have a little pokey stuff while I
look oh look at that you see it that's
it we keep you or not you could offer
you gonna stab yourself be careful ease
to be so oh my god be careful huh you
better not break this oh my god what is
he doing the key construction like this
one yes perfect
Nicky you are why would you do that I
think it was that big a mine to keep he
doesn't give up like you don't care like
you don't tap out you know me climbing
up found us the entrance oh you know
what worked out a little bit okay do me
I just got home for playing a crazy
basketball game I had so much fun I
always play basketball has a workout and
I always work out at home but I never
really vlog it I always try to be fit
for you guys and for myself too is
always good to stay healthy so to
everyone out there always keep yourself
healthy don't eat too much junk food and
stay fit anyways to do me gang I did not
tell slim that I snuck into his house
and I'm the one who ate his sandwich I
decided to not tell him anything so he
can wait till he sees this video I want
to see his reaction seriously it was the
funniest thing ever I cannot wait see
his reaction is gonna be priceless and
do me yeah as I told you guys I'm doing
some
really big for Yemen it's coming really
soon so stay tuned for that
also Singapore Malaysia Indonesia I'm
coming to you guys real soon in a few
weeks and also November 1st I'm
surprising my best friend slim somewhere
he's gonna show up to a random country
random City he doesn't know where he's
going there's gonna be a dope crazy time
so I hope you guys already adieu me I
also have Middle East and Europe tour
tickets should be out in a few weeks so
stay tuned I can't wait to meet you guys
I can't wait to turn it up with you guys
if you guys enjoyed the vlog make sure
you guys give it a giant thumbs up and
go turkey slim this is just something
that you know just a little taste you
started something that you can't finish
I'm gonna get you back even worse so
stay tuned and do me a do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
like my place is clean clean clean so
I'm wrapping up this vlog yeah see you
guys tomorrow do me any take care and
