thank you to every single person who
helped out and helped Jason get it home
I promise you guys if something so
amazing and may God give you guys
something so amazing right back thank
you guys so so much hey guys what's up
and do me Hank I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day it is 8 a.m. right now and I
have the most important meeting of my
life no none of my life but one of a
really really important meeting and this
meeting is held at the airport in New
York City JFK and it's for Global Entry
it's like an interview slash meeting and
it's to see they they're gonna accept me
to give me a Global Entry card and a
Global Entry card is something where you
can skip the lines and security skip the
lines they're in customs skip the line
everything at the airport so since I
travel a lot I need one of those but to
get one of those you need to be
interviewed and have a meeting and get
accepted so and it's hard to get
accepted but hopefully you know I go I
kill it and it goes well but it's really
hard because they look back at you like
your background is in school and
everything and my background of school
is not not too good but Shella it does
not show up and I'll let you know how it
goes please pray for me guys for the I
know this is probably done right now but
still pray for me for the next five to
10 seconds I'll see you guys then guys
take care I just got done with the
interview meeting at JFK I'm at the
airport right now and it did not go so
well it did not go well now it's telling
girls ago I was young there I'm 23 years
old now you know just doing me on
YouTube whenever like that it's like I
don't care you need to give me documents
and court dates and this time like this
was like six seven years ago girl why do
you want oh this thing is so long but
it's whatever I'm gonna we're gonna see
what goes on when I mean slim we have a
meeting - another meeting that I have
slum is early I'm kind of late and he
doesn't know that I took his iPhone 7
while he was having a meeting his phone
was on the side I'm gonna show you guys
him right now he's having the meeting
right now the rush is flushed
he hasn't even noticed that his phone is
gone because he's still looking that way
he hasn't like thought about we know
this video is five minutes Hey Oh
checking it for the other phone hey guys
today has been meeting after meeting
after meeting my first meeting you know
what hard boy you know I haven't after
JFK want to get the ecology they ama
they found out I got arrested at the age
of 16 17 years old
yeah she started treating me like a
criminal Bo and she started going crazy
I'm like I'm not a cool I'll promise up
now you got arrested okay shut up I'm
just saying I never got arrested so it
was like - you have a court date coming
up next a cool gate but seriously this
is why I run away from like stuff like
this like the road test come on drag
road says I never went back cuz the
ladybug dad I mean this JFK like Global
Entry she bugged out of me I don't think
I'm ever go back and to get my road test
driving license I don't think I'm ever
gonna go back but alhamdulillah right
now this meeting we just had was an
amazing amazing meeting I'm gonna be out
beautycon tomorrow and it's good if you
crazy Kelly Rowland from Destiny's Child
she's gonna be I believe the host and
like interviewing me and a lot of other
YouTube creators there it's gonna be
crazy they're gonna ask me some dope
dope questions and I'm gonna be on stage
and like it's like the main beautycon
thing is so so at the small it's called
Westfield Wang it's in New York City
which I never knew about this area of
Newark cities near the
World Trade Center is the area where
Muslim rarely go cuz it's like literally
in the corner like in the corner of
Manhattan so we're here and it looks
though my second fake was film all the
real one it's the one in London
Westfield more I found the Sun I was
trying to show you guys this is how it
show where's my best friend find his
phone hanging out so what's up slim
how's it going John yeah see literally
how day was it good was it good
I'm a punchy doobie gang I take back
what I said while summers cupcake
another I take back what I said this
moral is dope why have I not like known
about this mall this mall is sick I said
it suck but this malls dope you know
French Montana beer you know how you got
the word hey that may Brad cohan no way
did you know that yes or no you're not a
true French Montana and
no I got an even better view this is wow
this is Westfield mom so I'm thinking
about getting these pairs these pair of
kicks these are dope man look look at
these what are they called
huh low stay low stay low style this is
this is no I might get the golden or
silver which was about a goldish silver
this is gold this one is so I don't know
it was something about it so much or
anything else you get so I'm here at
this French cafe I'm getting me a
vegetarian sandwich slim is that subway
and this is why slim is never gonna stay
slim and his project slim will never
succeed because either subway eating
fast food and I'm here in French cafe
eating you know a vegetarian you gotta
be help you got to watch what you eat
every single day if you want to stay fit
so always watch but you guys can you
speak some French to me yeah just on
buku that's it
not see we're in France in from South
okay subtle friends continent condo ever
knows where corn is let me know in the
description no I mean the comment below
Holly no Paris and Chantal easy
vegetarian so what you get huh some
subway boy lagging that fucking I can't
eat that
- hungry well having a party serves it
so how many all day so suffering
whenever I'm an arcade I get competitive
there's this boxing thing right here
since I've scored the highest score is
nine hundred
in 92 that's impossible for me like mom
and I'll he probably came in here and
punched it way back but I need a I need
a
whoo
whoa man goomy
Oh what the heck
alright guys I'm not doing so opening
but hopefully I get try to like knock
all these people that I'm imagine that
these are haters and I'ma knocking
haters down hey hey hey
let's live
oh yeah they love them so they start off
you're laughing I should we go they said
they're laughing
so we had 94 now I got 95 in Thank You
Lucy
great zoom in I just don't want Crocs
and it's all probably so mama Beach
right now cuz I'm superior and we get a
hug right now so recover I'm gonna fuck
it over a hundred you guys have to give
it a thumbs up okay
you must give it a thumbs up
bring it bring it to me break it
you guys gotta give it a thumbs up
what
hundred sixteen baby you have to give
this bike a thumbs up if you don't
you're gonna get bad luck
I don't play games in fun
what's up adieu me gang I am home right
now and I just want to say thank you
guys to every single one you guys who
helped out so much to everyone who
donated help is helping Jason to anyone
who thumbs up the video for Jason to
anyone who subscribed to Jason he has
over 40,000 subscribers in a matter of
like how many arrows what times anything
in a matter of like 12 hours which is
that is crazy that is amazing amazing
support I've been speaking to Jason
right now he is so so happy I'm gonna
see him again in a couple days and to
anyone who still donates right now I
still wanna you know I still want to
reach to go of 5,000 I'm gonna put you
guys in the vlog it can it can be
anything even a dollar to anyone who's
earning five dollars ten dollars those
are what me the most if everyone puts it
together we can help him I promise we
can help him you know get wife I have a
place to sleep and at least even if it's
not for like for like long at least for
like a month or two whatever whatever he
can guys so hopefully you guys can help
out and find it in hearts thank you guys
so so much this seriously made like this
made this made my life this is something
I've always always wanted to do in my
life because ever since I was younger my
mom and dad taught me to always help
other people because it'll come back to
you like whenever you need help they'll
come back and help you and to any new
subscribers watching and asking if Rima
Marcin and my nieces and nephews are my
kids they're not my kids they're
actually my nieces and nephew matter of
fact let me end this vlog by giving one
truth about each of my family member one
truth about each of my family member I
give the other one even my mom with dad
or I'm gonna tell you guys all about the
Adams family me start off with moss and
Marcin is my youngest youngest nephew
and one truth about him is that he loves
loves to fight so anytime I pull out the
camera he loves to fight okay Rema one
truth about Rhema is that she is she's a
princess she's always so so sweet and if
you ever meet her she's the sweetest
person ever she loves helping people
just like me I feel like Bremen
personality is exactly like mine but
she's more like sassy she's more like
what's good what's going on stay off I
have a nephew named CF he is 4 years old
and the true
about him is that he is he's the baddest
the cutest
he's a bad boy that's the truth he's a
bad boy he's a little bad boy he's
really cute and Jomon Jemaine is
sensitive that's one truth he's really
really sensitive he's the most sensitive
person ever Deena Deena is just ratchet
that's one truth about she's the ratchet
the most ratchet girl ever brushed and
she's turning she's becoming sweet now
but she's ratchet how's that Hamza is
just how was it just cringing he's just
like he's DJ Khaled son that's what
truth about Tyler Tyler is Tyler's house
man hila is just down-to-earth and she's
just like how's his chill she's like a
chill mode you know she's chill you know
say my mom my mom is crazy
that's what truth about but she's a good
kind of crazy my dad my dad is my dad is
just how do you know what they say when
that is wild crazy amazing and he's
funny my dad is super super funny
my older brother Abe he's generous he's
very very generous he helps me a lot my
little brother he is my little brother
he's shy he's just camera shy my nephew
useth my oldest nephew so if he is he's
just tall I hate that he's tall but I
love you guys talk imma fight you cuz he
tall but yeah that's that's pretty much
it my man the vlog here hope you guys
enjoyed it tomorrow's gonna be an
amazing amazing dad beautycon make sure
you guys give vodka thumbs up and go
Turkey
keep up the support thank you guys so so
much it seriously means the world guys
thank you guys so so much I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
you I can't replace them but baby I'm
stuff my life to be
