hey guys what's up for do me yelling I
hope you are having an amazing name
because I'm having an amazing this or
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day right now
I have a big big interview at Virgin
Radio and then I got a couple more phone
interviews and the tomorrow is the big
day but also got another interview
tomorrow so it's gonna be a long long
hectic day but it's gonna be fun so I'm
taking I mean I'll see you guys in the
next shot
hi guys so heading to the interview
right now and we're trying to decide
which car should we take cuz we got the
Lambo and the Ferrari it's both ours and
we got rolls-royce and we got the driver
so hey this is our driver right there so
we don't know which car to take first
question we take Lambo Ferrari or this
how you doing man what's up the man
right here he's the homie I'm literally
I'm so sleepy man oh sorry baby
no maybe this one I'm feeling this one
feel econo you know I feel a boyish
today solar what these things
this is sick
by the way Mandeep is finally here it's
me again she is the one I wanna know
leave we got the whole debauch already
so you said
so we're heading to one of the biggest
radio stations here at Dubai and it's
Virgin Radio I woke up so early
literally had like two three hours sleep
because I was editing it was taking so
long for the flag to upload and I wanted
it to upload before I even slept because
I don't have that habit we're like the
flying half's upload but I'm wide awake
from this Lamborghini literally this is
amazing and sick oh my god
oh my god these are divided problems you
don't know what you gotta use Ferrari
rolls-royce Lambo or driver so we chose
Lambo today what the crazy thing is slim
Vikas nas and me I don't have my license
everyone else has their license so they
all can't drive a car so I'm always
stuck with either the being in the
passenger seat or the driver but it's
all good you know he's doing all the
work anyway how's it feel driving it
there's a hard or is it like the
unforgiveness in that bikini
what do you mean like easy or not easy
pop can feel the force down yeah
whoa what'd you guys do let me know in
the comments below
you had a choice to drive a Ferrari
Lambo or Rolls Royce
what would you drive let me know in the
comments below unless you drive another
car but let me know the comments well
really curious how would you drive
manbo I don't know me either how do
those are the truth I'm never really
into cars if I am that you definitely do
not want to miss is happening tomorrow
Zara yeah it certainly is and we are
joined by the guy who is actually gonna
be in that show we're so excited to have
him in the Dubai ice to do is we shoot
the sensation
Ivan so it welcome to the show Adam
thank you so much housing on that girl
cooler than cool doing that I was
watching you last night on YouTube clips
there and the thing that first struck me
was your personality it's just super
warm and so no you cannot pull people
but how do you build your following I
mean how does that work I actually
getting that a huge number of people
because I mean let's talk a few numbers
I mean how many people follow you um
well on YouTube I have I just reached
1.5 million and both my channels so I
was like 3 million ok that's nothing
trust me Carissa any other users but um
yeah I just I just be consistent you
know about uploading and I just I just
have a connection with with my viewers
that a watch I call of duty' minutes oh
shut up you call them up and do me
getting don't do me good yeah we're good
yeah we're good game work for the best
game in the world
yeah yeah of course you guys can join
I'm gonna do my metaphor here
obviously we're looking forward to your
performance but where else in the world
has this tour taking you a lot and I've
also going out Doha today after and
we're gonna be probably hitting
Australia in a couple months it's
amazing all coming out of of YouTube I
mean let's just put it in perspective I
mean your actual videos what kind of
things do you like to post what kind of
you know stunts do you pull on a lot a
variety of subs I do a lot of like
regular comedy skits or I'll do like a
prank one day I'll do a social
experiment if I'm feeling you know
okay so social experiment I'm like let's
say something is going on in the world
and you know you want to do a social
experiment see how it goes I didn't want
one dog basically it was like an
artistic test to see how people react if
I dropped my wallet in the Middle East
and how I dropped my wallet in New York
City oh yeah yeah and I do love so
you're quite involved in charge words so
tell us a little bit about that as well
um I love doing try to work I love you
know that's something of what I've
always wanted to do when I was under and
I did we visited our orphanage in Uganda
Africa yeah and it was literally the
best thing ever in my life seen I got to
do a music video with them it's called
tomorrow's another day I got to hang out
with them I got to make videos with oh
my god there's what they lose the
funnest thing ever to actually present a
live show to a live audience is a
different ballgame
always together so how you develop them
yeah if you've always asking like oh you
do you - what are you doing the shows
and I'm like you know comfort surprised
but I see either I believe before I have
a couple songs so I performed those
songs but I also do like a lot of Middle
Eastern comedy a lot of comedy allowed
us a lot of funny stories inspirational
stories I do a lot of challenges I do a
lot of the randomest funniest thing I
get the crown of all so it's kind of a
real fairy sheesh it's like a variety of
like everything is fun yeah yeah how
many meters yeah I got a videos too that
I don't show because well do you still
not you know no I do the barbecue
video but you know when you think on
these troubles you family really wish
you don't just tell us something about
your family yeah my family is like look
family's always first in the world
whatever we do so whenever I travel if
I'm going an hour away the other day
then we get a whole dramatic somehow
give me up like I'm just going up
especially I don't go to Dubai it's
really far to them so they see it as
like he's going to like someone really
fond coming back yeah yeah yeah but it's
a great homecoming
yes definitely um as well as the show
tomorrow night which is at deltek as we
mentioned what other things do you want
to be getting up to well you here on
this trip oh I'm definitely go shopping
a little shopping my whole my mom and my
sister like this is paradise you're
gonna create that ball list so I'm gonna
go shopping also like visit thank you
guys so much and we gonna photograph I
got who I just woke up a really really
long nap we had no sleep right now it's
around 7 p.m. and it's really dark
outside but we're gonna go to a believe
Bush Khalifa then after that we're gonna
go have dinner
footage of Adam which is gonna be
amazing and this seven star hotel where
can you find a seven star hotel that's
dope we're not dinner there and it
should be
there's no first time ever
be the Lola any
I tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want
I can't replace it but baby I cried it
be
every day for the rest of my life to be
I can't replace him baby
I'll try thank you brother please out
where bugs out of fun can we take some
photos to do so we have to eat at around
nine o'clock
it's 8:30 right now this nigga phone is
here but we're gonna take some pictures
with the cars cuz you know it won't
happen in there maybe maybe one day
inner city will have some Ferraris s and
Lambo guys who just got into the butcher
olive it's my first time going in here
this is a seven star hotel but have
dinner here so to be honest I hate going
to fancy fancy spots but like this is so
fancy that you know I accepted like I
like it's really dope and heat shout-out
to Dubai tourism for hooking it up with
the Lambo and this and they gonna hook
it up a lot more so thank you guys so
much
this gave me an amazing amazing ship
look at this look at this
they got a freaking fish tank and they
got an aquarium I do
this is Doge
well as we are in the elevator right now
we're going up nothing can stop me I'm
all the way up I don't even know what
three blinds here bro
nobody's what he says mom we are here
now at this restaurant the seven star is
wrong so it is crazy
so Sloane came with a shirt right this
shirt right here half RC shirt just
average normal seem shirt nothing wrong
with it right guys nothing yeah and then
and then paddle OC nozzle on sieve and
what class has so then they literally
gave slim they're like this is dress
code so they gave some a blazer
they gave him ways like hell would you
begin lecture so they gave him a frickin
possibly going it's small tight fitted
oh yeah and they let him they let him
wear it like ten seconds and when you go
and you could take it off but this
literally so fancy I'm speaking so low
but slim is being really embarrassing
right now like really really the racers
I meet myself I'm not how to pretend to
be a whole high class person we're high
classes yeah but chill but thanks you
gotta act like Garrett class here price
again today when I was a kid I'm never
gonna forget I was 14 years old I said
fifty cents a game I was the same way
I just got twenty five cents a day but
you know I'm here you gotta like just
see quiet at least drink try to be
friends
let me see you try to be present
I'm done I don't be with this game
there's people probably saved up to be
me slim ever cos we're just used to go
in like anywhere just like yeah how and
I view battle redundant so quietly I'm
shy to even fly here but this is a
worker this honest little oh we're gonna
have to put this on just like that and
we just lose it either doing enough to
touch nothing
so this is my first time ever trying
octopus never eaten octopus I feel like
I'm eating is Squidward right now sir
alright
there's my last octopus salad
it smells kind of sour
which is good
I like it but the only thing is just
thinking about me eating an octopus
makes me feel like scared like what the
hell even actively so we have ravioli
here and this is Louie one ravioli this
is crazy I was fine
good guys were so my battery's dying
stars for that but I met the homies
where I heard da one man doing how are
you doing
I just met them here one of them was
covered by his mother he is he's amazing
for mommy thank you so much you idiot so
long so thank you so much shoutout to
Geneva and yard guard what's up JD otter
guy hey guys do it
do me Hank we just got to the hotel I
was trying to get tea so I told slim to
boil water because my twitter was hacked
and I was supposed to boil the water but
I told him to boil water because I was
living buggin out he went to go boil
water and he caused a whole kitchen fire
like not even joking a huge huge kitchen
fire will show you guys look lik this is
the fire scene this way did he try to
boil this water and put it on the stuff
you're not supposed to put this kind of
stuff now look at this the whole thing
was burning at the car and I took the
five hundred little you know I was I
think it was literally so so scary like
we're having such an amazing time then
all of a sudden I got my Twitter is
hacked right now and then the fire
happened it's like I don't know what the
heck is going on but whatever it is
inshallah whatever happens it's in
Allah's hand so Michele everything goes
well he wants something to happen like
like this happens because it's always
it's always the pup the time when you're
having the time of your life something
just bad happens but oh man I'm gonna
end up like here because it's like 4:00
a.m. yeah I didn't know what to say
anymore but I'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow's the big day guys thumbs up
I'm literally like in a horrible
horrible mood right now but and and it's
at the worst time too because a lot of
stuff is going through my head cuz I'm a
really big big show tomorrow I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me Hank I love you
guys then you got someone feel of a
support hopefully get my Twitter back
and hopefully this thing gets sorted out
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care
peace I love you
