hey guys whatsup idumaean good morning
from Detroit Michigan I hope y'all
having an amazing morning because I'm
having an amazing morning so about
having an amazing you all should be
having an amazing happy morning it's
10:00 a.m. right now my flight was 8:00
in the morning from New York City so
that means I had to wake up around 5:00
a.m. get there at 6:00 and come and I'm
performing in a couple hours and I have
another two hour drive into Michigan all
the way to a place called cold water
which is a place I have never heard of
but I'm so excited to go because the
organizers told me that there's already
like three to four hundred people who
got tickets and I'm like what the heck
who who the heck knows mean cold water
but I'm so excited to give me nice and
linked my luggage not that I'm gonna go
meet up with the homie Moby he shoutout
to the homey Moby he always holds it
down when I'm here in Michigan
I'm looking for movi right now he texted
me saying that it's a black 300 car I
don't know what a 300 looks like I'm
just looking for any black cars there's
so many black cars everywhere moving
look is it black 300 lat I need to learn
more about cars oh yeah he saw me black
300 like what's three hundred I'm
looking for a black car I'm like I don't
know what's the my god with Tyra so like
I'm gonna take this no I know yes my new
my new black hair the other one wonder
the ocean guys we're in Detroit and I
think Detroit is ranked what the number
one like the poorest city in America I
think it's the poorest city in America
look how Chris is so like they need
America yeah I need a fixed up Detroit
man it's a beautiful beautiful city they
can make me but everything is like gone
like this look at this boats literally
looks like we're in Yemen bro like they
literally meet a fix-it man and we gonna
see I mean I'm here enough he literally
lives here non Detroit he looks further
way let's where am i where you grew up
like he trailer park but I'm saying like
where he lives now he has like a mansion
gated community yeah why that's crazy
that's crazy coming visit him or not is
he cool have you heard of I'm or not
little odd no one ever sees them okay
Eminem come out man
never play hide and seek without some
answers you want to see you man but he's
here Kid Rock's here that's crazy that's
crazy man so he just never comes out I
don't know
if I'm a rapper a big like celebrity
like that I'll actually come on just so
chillin my city like you know what's up
I mean I'm the cool thing that guy was
like whenever like someone comes to the
see like when Drake came he came out and
comes out like yeah yeah I like maybe
that's why you should say super
exclusive right yeah yeah maybe it is it
that's crazy right now we're actually
heading to a good hotel in Detroit I got
my sorrows mobygames so he chatted to
Moby thank you so much sir you do
literally helps me so much whenever I'm
in Michigan and yeah we're gonna hold it
down over here and then after that we're
gonna go to two hour drive to Coldwater
gonna Kim Kenan oh you go together
that's crazy what City Canada this T
that's Canada British scanner
you know these houses men what that yo
Dearborne looks much better than Detroit
like but leaves you literally also what
people live here it's crazy cuz you'll
have a look a nice house and then a
burned down house burned down house
burned down house I just got to the
hotel in the hotel is beautiful like oh
my I underestimated Detroit Michigan but
they still need to fix up the city
because I felt like I was back in like
2002 late but it's so dope look at this
this is a king sized room couch at up to
the organizers of cold water thank you
guys so so much is gonna be dope dope
night today Tibbits Opera House I
believe that's what it's called the view
looks amazing I don't know why I love
this even though it looks greeny and it
kind of like Detroit I still love it
looks good I'm telling you it's only a
bad day cuz I'm here I like I have bad
luck man like you're not even joking
looks wow this is beautiful
boat is a tea there's a TV particularly
bathroom this is sick
well this is know a lot of people laugh
at me because I always say this is dope
and someone was like Adam is the type of
guy to eat Qatar to eat poop and be like
yo this tastes so good it's dope so moby
got this what's it called ozmo Osmo and
he's doing a time-lapse me see how looks
on your phone this is sick
it shows it right there that's crazy
technology he's gonna keep that time
elapsed ere so we go to cold water which
is twice away do the show and everything
which is another two three hours then
come back towards that's like that's
like a good eight nine hours he's gonna
keep the time-lapse and we're gonna get
to put on the vlog beside hotel about
the head to cold water it is gonna be an
amazing inmates i do not know what to
expect
have you even heard of cold water well
his first time he's never heard of coal
when he lives in Michigan so it's like
Michigan's right here I think it's like
you're right there and cold over there
right here and it's right here beside
you know he's out he's pulling his hand
as a map well a Michigan looks like this
on a man no way huh what's up guys I met
some people you guys are the first
people that I met from Michigan what's
up what's up but Detroit what's up was
good you guys gotta come to New York
City yeah yeah this crazy over here it's
good I like here's nice work huh the
camera
we're gonna see this at YouTube yeah
YouTube
typing Adam salad on YouTube ad am si le
hm you'll see ya a part of the tour team
not leaving a part of a part of the tour
team in York City huh yeah and I'm York
City I was talking like everyone I have
fun so we're on this two-hour journey to
cold water and me and movie we have we
don't we don't know what to expect to be
honest we have nothing we don't know
what to expect we don't know if it's
gonna be wild and crazy we don't know if
it's gonna be quiet and we don't know we
don't know so it's it's pretty much like
a blind I'm not like a blind date like a
blind show oh my god this is this is the
view we have is literally like we're an
epic Yemen
so I just got here
to the venue in cold water and it looks
seriously beautiful guys I cannot
believe I'm gonna be performing here
this is crazy this is why this is what
guys no one came to my show no one came
to my show man I was working I said some
people are gonna start coming in around
two hours from now and I've been told
that cold water is the second most the
second biggest Arab community in I think
all of America so I did not know that I
did not expect that I only know that now
and they said it's the the biggest is
the Yemeni community so there's gonna be
a lot of Yemeni people which I'm so so
proud of because I'm Yemeni and I'm
gonna be performing some mostly hundreds
of you how many people's eyes no
shoutout City I mean you got there and
they're still gonna be a lot of other
people were coming through from far away
but this area is known for like yeah I
mean you're like I'm in Yemen right now
you know I'm in Sun ah I'm in tears I
mean it I mean other guys I'm walking
right now I'll go to the front I want to
show you guys
they have like my face like atom solid
tonight I don't know if many people are
there I don't know hi can I go in the
front way
yeah I'm I just go like a minute
people here what's up are you guys doing
we got bro this is dope
this is sick Wow hi guys was removed
yeah sure how's that stop pulling shut
up so guys got an air horn let me see
make some noise really fun my homies man
thank you guys so much
what's up be careful you got it you that
this is the most nervous of every guy oh
my god I'm nervous because mostly people
are like from our country it's gonna be
well it's gonna be fun we just have fun
with it and let's do this I'm going in
interview oh but got up scared oh I
always get this adrenaline rush where
like I just want a box I gotta feel like
I'm having a boxing match
oh my god I love you guys thank you guys
so much I love you guys love you
and you see you guys in a few do me
again you got the best seriously thank
you guys so much for everything for like
bringing me to where I am today like
this is I'm never nervous but you got
this world I've never got
where you're from
wait fuck are you from where they met
over you guys I'm done with the show it
went so so amazing I'm so relieved I'm
not nervous anymore literally I got
closer every single one of you guys they
just feel so Aries I'm so so happy I'm
about to go to the meeting you right now
and we got a couple where's mommy moving
let me see the pictures he tried that
said I organized here they got don't
picture here huh oh this is sick I'm
gonna be signing these am i doing all
right I'm gonna be signing these for you
guys thank you guys so so much you guys
have been literally amazing everyone out
there has so much fun but you got a
little kid right there Hamza he shout
out to you guys I'm here with a bra
heated from Yemen right yes she's from
Yemen she's the one who asked you to get
me here she's the one who got me to be
here so he tries to Abrar she's been
backstage the halls I'm chillin thank
you so much she's literally so sweet the
moment she saw me she was so scared
she's like I'm like do I look that scary
dalek that's scary
surprising what's the price of it thank
you so much she's so sweet and your
sisters a hood yes a whole shout out to
you guys to any anything you want to say
I guess not so not nothing he's scared
of what nothing is scarier not as I'm
scared she's like she's really confidant
like that when she you were in a play
too
she's a really good idea was it called
hella high 200l twin der Ella ready for
vinegar yes well you could be here
you're just chill around here so yeah
she's gonna look at me take pictures and
stuff you can get bored you sure you're
not gonna get bored she's oh so now
you're gonna get bored you're gonna get
she's gonna get sick of me in a few but
it's all good thank you so much for
everything for bringing me out here who
shut up it's a bra so thank you stick
around maybe chilling in he's the first
person I met with you what's the name
again no I know
Oh Malik Malik shout it to the homie
Malik he has a YouTube channel was it
okay Kiku Mele catching King Khun Ella
shout out to my friends so severe and
shut up to my cousin me what stopped me
and starts to be what about you you got
the guns man he got any guards he got
the shot must do almost well she got the
guns right there squawk squawk walk well
you gotta live here yeah shout out to my
estate Indiana Angola what's up guys
thank you so much
he don't five minutes that means a lot I
thought it might be like five hours five
minutes long man thank you so much mom
two hours two hours thank you so much
she's so sweet man thank you so much
over what's up AJ AJ he's only 80 I love
his hat still more hat shout-out to the
homing Romanelli smile more look my mom
say mom had a good sister she's a good
sister and I feel bad she's a good good
sister what about her she is she this is
Dana she's a good sister that my name is
Sarah with an H so sad raw anything you
want to say um shout out el Hadj are and
shout out to buck Rob what's your name
yeah so another Sarah Sarah but Sarah
but yeah oh I thought you liked Sarah
but no Hassan and you roasted me on
stage in front of everybody else we came
all the way from Maryland Maryland how
far that that's boy I just wait for what
oh my god from Maryland yeah thank you
guys for your shout out to have her and
Sarah I'm sorry for Austin UNC's I feel
bad no he the first day he came in he
was like Osama Lake I mean he's Mexican
that's miss pac-man thank you so much
and he lives you have the all even cold
water Yakult
they live in cold water here and I was
asking them like what the heck is here
in cold water what is here nothing
what's up masha'Allah such a beautiful
family you guys are blessed may Allah
bless you guys I'm keeping you today
right give me you're gonna tell me you
go back to New York I'm gonna see remar
yes yes yes I'll tell you that by a
special Heights ARIMA what about you Ali
I mean how do you
six-six mashallah nice so which one you
guys know Ramon
times that you gotta work on it you
gotta warn Gila say he left me she flew
out from Virginia to come to the show I
hope you have fun you have fun you sure
we're Afghani I've gotta say huge shout
out so anything wanna say whatever you
want to say anything sir time wanna say
hi to my accident siblings
Michelle you got it you should have
brought them - she's like screw it I'm
coming alone I love her hat so we're
gonna switch hats picture actually like
this if you want you can have the ticket
memories yeah you can have it oh yeah
sure okay thank you guys so much
you're coming to Musa lot what do you
guys thank you guys so much for coming
about live here yeah shout out to cold
water you guys amazing shots every
single one of you guys over here thank
you guys love you I love you too you
guys amazing thank you guys so much you
guys gonna be in a blog now sit ups a go
Turkey
thumbs up Wendy Linda here what's your
nationalities nice man Hispanic Hispanic
so they came late and they missed the
whole show
they came three hours late so I thought
Arabs come late but Hispanics you guys
come late you guys come later than us
but thank you guys so much for coming
through you guys are supposed to be
aggressive sirs yeah yes huge shout out
to your smell that's my really really
good name that was like how you doing
give me five give me five you got the
twins
wow you guys a beautiful mess Allah
what's your name what smoke huh
I'm gonna have my key ricky-ricky then
you have my den McGee Wow
bachelor if I turn to spin around right
now I wouldn't know who's who it's a
better place in the hood this is the
everyone this the family is your family
right yeah
this her from this everyone that brought
me here so thank you guys so so much you
guys owe me say cheese say cheese do you
think that beautiful smile you guys are
so cute man yeah I knew her from
Instagram so I don't know tell him what
I said onstage I knew it yeah follow her
and I stalk to Instagram and I was like
that's undercover Adam something like
that and I knew it was her and she's
seriously so sweet and she but she made
me eat a raw egg so drink about so
anymore where you guys from your
nationality Cleveland Ohio nice
Cleveland Ohio that's Joe thank you guys
so much everyone came from far away
I appreciate let me see your shirt wow
you look so good the music here that is
sick guys relationships that single day
too busy was never around so he can walk
out wave and they get Michigan police
together so nice that's you guys oh yeah
they're gonna give me out safely and
they're gonna get me to see you guys and
say hi he's already waiting in the car
okay if you want to come downstairs just
don't go and all all where they can see
you and I'll let my guys I'm overdue I
get
thank you so much hi guys we're on our
way back to where Detroit huh oh he's
scared shows like it was crazy guys
someone literally almost gone to
actually let their car almost rolled
over please like when we're leaving
especially in a highway do not follow
and like yeah don't it's really
dangerous there's pretty safety just get
home safe and literally because it's
hard it's like chasing a car which is
really bad that's really really that we
didn't know what to do at any point so
we had to slow down and wait and take a
different exit and when we took a
different exit the dude literally went
over the the sand the grass and the
concrete and he literally almost rolled
over it was so so scary so please be
safe guys and please just please be safe
I love you guys thank you guys so how
was the movie
how was experience very nice it was
nutty at that yes was a fun one that was
very nice it's time to wrap up this vlog
I hope you all enjoyed this life we did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey it was a long long vlog so to
anyone who made it to the end of this
vlog I want to see you guys smash that
thumbs
thank you guys so so much for today it
has been on real literally I'm ending
the vlog here at this really dope spot
and I'm gonna show you guys I'm sure you
guys that tomorrow is gonna be really
sick I'm literally right outside a lake
you got to see more of it tomorrow but I
have the giveaway winners of the MacBook
and the ten names will be announced in a
couple but when I'm back in Newark see
like it's already gonna be confirmed but
there's another giveaway that I am doing
and this involves beautycon in New York
City so if you guys do not know I'm
gonna be in beauty con beauty clown New
York City October first and this are the
rules for this giveaway is really an
amazing amazing giveaway that's
happening so this is how it goes you
have to enter to be the winner a link
there's a link down below in my video
right now that's how you enter to go
when to go and the prize of the giro
which is you get to come to New York
City and stay and you get tickets to
beautycon and they'll give you a hotel
you stay there and it's gonna be an
amazing amazing time you have to be 18
or older or if you're younger you have
to have like a parent or guardian and
you have to be allowed to like come to
New York City because you know you got
to be allowed to come through it's
something amazing that beautycon is
doing and they gave me the opportunity
to do it they're asking me if you
following to do I'm like you know what
why not why not get an Adu me to come
through to beautycon what me and is
gonna be a crazy fun fun time is October
1st they're gonna announce the winner
September 23rd all you have to do is
there's a picture in the link down below
you regram it you posted on Instagram
you tagged beautycon and you tagged me
and what else you got it and you got
feeling that this is like a forum in
there and literally yeah that's pretty
much so you gotta do and hopefully you
good luck to everyone whoever is joining
then the winners will be announced
September 23rd on Friday and yeah good
luck is gonna be crazy is gonna be
amazing and I'll keep you guys updated
with that and I really hope never hope
to see someone coming through so make
sure you guys to anyone who wants to be
in New York City
who wants to come to beautycon with me
who wants to be
men tonight in New York City in your own
hotel room you want to chill you want to
relax and go to beauty con have fun go
to the giveaway and try to win it now
type beautycon and tag me and let's see
how it goes
other than that I'll see you guys
tomorrow doing I thank you guys so much
but today we created so many memories I
love you guys
the do me yeah you guys are the best and
you guys are the wildest and maybe you
got says you got a are the wildest
family on YouTube literally a while like
no one can control you guys not even I
can control you guys which is pretty
crazy but thank you guys so much I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace Oh baby anything
