where you from where Yemeni again
where's that it you didn't know who's
human no can I come to your house huh
yesterday I was here you know this is
scary yesterday I was not there what are
you talking about
hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having a scary day so if I'm having
a scary day you guys should be having an
amazing happy day do me gang this is the
moment of truth but as you guys know I
left my crib last night and the reason
why was because my brother found a note
in front of our door and it said your
place is haunted and I'm not gonna lie I
was really shocked it do me game I got
my luggage well it's not really lucky
just like two or three outfits in here
I'm getting the hang out of here because
one thing with me I do not f with ghosts
with any of that haunted ish a lot of
unlucky stuff was happening so then
after that I was trying to ask slim I
can stay over his crib I ended up
facetiming him hi guys I'm calling slim
hopefully he freakin picks up yo slim
slim what's up I got I got a quick
question bro I'm looking for a place to
stay tonight like I want to come to a
crib I think it's like I think my place
I think my place is haunted
like I think something's going on like
there might be a ghost following me I
don't know I don't know someone put a
note it's scary knowing that slim no
thang
yeah but okay I'll come through or not
like you know the ghost is cool what
this dude just say he's feeding his pet
bird what the three oh man now I gotta
go to his house with unknown and after
that I FaceTime the homing the key I'm a
corner key bro - come on you keep man I
just feel like everyone's probably
scared of like the haunted ish like all
of us is stick yo my homies that does it
keep what up man yo dude I love you
right why is it what's going on I kiss
you yes no yo
I can see you but you're frozen I think
it's your wife when every time I call
you who cares right it's alright so I
managed to talk to you cuz like it's
kind of weird that it's frozen but like
I think I think like so my place might
be haunted so I'm just looking for a
place to stay but I like it I don't know
bro like I don't know if someone's
messing with me like trying to make me
feel like my place is haunted but I feel
like my place is haunted so I'm looking
for a place to stay like you know like
your place def not haunted you know but
I know I know you got family Shane you
have be like don't worry like I promise
you if wherever it goes comes Lee
they're gonna be cool they're gonna be
cool take a man Sui is it
I'm gonna called you man then I decided
to FaceTime the homie German I'm off you
late for code you mad - yo yo what's
poppin - man yo Jimmy I'll come through
to you quit your playing ps4 can I come
to your house huh
yesterday I was here yo this is scary I
said I was not there what are you
talking about Deena where's des man what
is he gonna play ps4 yeah shoot kids you
can't face that yo so so can I come over
your crib or not get this dude is really
got the headphones on everything out
you had a boo-boo jimena no no no no all
I know is that I'm leaving this crib
right now I don't care if someone's
messing me with this freaking note I
don't care if my lights are flickering
because of the electricity well I ended
up pulling up to the homie II some
square here in Brooklyn what's poppin G
what's up man we are here Brooklyn
represent what up yeah I am probably
gonna go home real soon I need to find
out who's doing this pop in here I don't
roll each other without sunset that's no
good how are you nice to meet you how
you guys doing man I appreciate it thank
you so much I appreciate it
Brooklyn man sir see you guys show so
much love about to go to the store
Yamini store right now I love messing
with the enemy stores so they never
known from Yemen we'll see you guys in
the next shot I just want to give a huge
shout-out to the homie East um for
allowing me to go to his credit no boy I
need to tell you the truth what's up
so the reason why I came is because I
don't know if it's true now but my house
might be haunted I won't miss you what
we see if it comes to that conclusion
one because I had a note that said your
house is haunted
your place is haunted I know someone's
messing with me so check it out over I
think we should check it out if it you
know let me see what's up well bring a
Ouija board
so really see what the hell to really
see if it's all for the pudding is what
we call it but uh so now I know that
slim and Adam only come to my house with
are running away from something the cops
he's run away from ago sorry couldn't
come to you house just for that I'm
gonna come sneak and see a crib and
that's it i'ma show up to your bed like
one of these like you won't know and
it's getting me bad you're gonna be
sleeping no man the ring that goes for
me bro bro I'm gonna get the ghost to
follow you I'm an Ouija board man I
remember slim had a Ouija board in his
crib and he hated I go so scary and now
I know why he does really mess with
ghosts enough like that men don't it's
scary it's really scary buzz damn house
um we're here we're about to go renew
Easton's passport we're going to a
surprise place limb we haven't like some
doesn't know where we're going to but
we're surprising we're gonna find out
bro wanna know so November first me you
and the homie son were going somewhere
only mean is some know where you don't
know where anybody is
well I think people tell me and they
don't tell you your 31st I'll tell you
Halloween we tell you how we tell you to
do let it be there they go there I'm on
the plane and see where you're going on
man what if you're going to like
Guantanamo Bay yeah there's some stupid
 that snuck in your house how you
doing brother you okay so where you from
where Yemeni yeah what's that
you know I guys I'm back to me hums cat
one of them he has six cats what's up
Katie What's Up kitty
hey don't go just we just cuddle with
her she's gonna let me clean this room
right - she looks wanna put her absolute
wish mama see this is the oldest one
she's hot she's all dude she's shy
though she's so cute she's yeah she's a
oldie see she just blows it better broth
warm hmm better I've ever told my
viewers where you're from like your
nationality you know I think so yeah
nice awesome you got my Brazilian mom
over-serve she's like my sister she's
literally like my sister like I love you
so much thank you so much guys there's a
few do me gang members right here what's
up man how you doing how's everything
good you okay what's your name
Sebastian nice to meet you Sebastian Wow
I love your costume
it looks amazing how do you hate you now
school
today your mom pick deal cuz I hurt oh
it is so sweet
what's your name huh ana Ramos oh you
guys are so cute you guys brother and
sister that's dope man you guys watch my
vlogs I really appreciate it man who do
you guys like the most of my vlogs cool
like my said hey who do you like oh
she's over you said she likes everybody
your real with your hood yo seriously
nice meeting you guys do go say hi Nico
come to your family they literally left
Oh home up goes oh bet it is so cute hi
guys
Eason was getting his passport photo
taken it can't be what I minutes passed
before the please like this yeah I said
you can really do a passport photo you a
ticket no that's his passport photo it's
actually a good passer that's what your
this is sacred house but yeah it's a
good picture in general that's a good
passport photo make sure you put in the
passport and like you know they can see
it forever alright the next 10 years
that's actually a good yo this dude was
not Joe yeah nice yeah which one should
I choose honestly real soft okay
then she's a real bastard or Shoji's
this one bro choose this one trust me
thanks huh yes yo this is how you know
your brother look this how you know
you're in the hood and Brookley know
that like candy Steelers candy see you
and then you see someone right there
stealing it him again doin kid this is
him again this is hilarious what a what
a bozo tell your mom that's what he's
what to tell our has a good our pastor
has anybody else should be mad this one
is think this is my boy
there's renewing the passports going on
and you want to see his passport ready
what's the most amazing password what do
we get is rain in porn right now
supposed to be doing a few videos all of
us will be filming right now getting his
passport I want to give you huge
congratulations to the homies slimmies
slim yo congratulations he's a free man
his kidneys dismissed case this u is a
criminal don't you want to criminal
felony charges against you all gone
because of those kids that were like
messing around with his little sister
and like you know trying to be pervs out
there so slim show them a freaking
statement they lock them up but now come
to life Edison God God did what
literally what what they deserve so
humble a side of real friends oh like
who say that from the beginning bro help
me out slim
you sought me out oh yeah I hid it in
his house pitiful these broads god I
hated this house liked it
no I don't I don't best thing God must
be with friends yet guys it is pouring I
look crazy you got nuts are literally we
have no umbrellas in the rain
are you doing well by doing massage are
you from wafer phosphate you know
sheriff Barcelona Madrid validity are
nice nice but which one do you like
Barcelona Madrid Barcelona Barcelona a
you see under umbrella name Jack I try
to get work my hair man I don't think
mom and Bob wants me
what is this boy oh my blog it seems
like it oh yes how many times do you
know I mean I like 400 400 fans on the
wave and all the way thank you man I'm
just trying to get it to like 405 should
have been what she did man oh my god
this screen is crazy okay do me yang I
am back home and I'm not gonna lie I'm
still shocked by tomorrow's vlog we're
gonna do some exploring so if you guys
enjoyed this vlog make sure you guys
give it a giant thumbs up and go turkey
thank you guys so much for your love and
support stay to the zoo begin for
tomorrow I'll see you guys then do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day take care and peace
