Cinderella's number magic
what a beautiful Kingdom you have here
hey guys what's up you're dooming hang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing better day
so far I'm having an amazing name you
all should be having an amazing happy
day so this morning I just woke up
it's 9 a.m. right now a car came through
and they just threw three luggages in
front of the place that I'm staying at
and have that it's all my luggages
thanks to you guys you guys seriously
got American Airlines on there but to be
bringing the luggages and they brought
it early in the morning and you know
what that means we can go to Disney
World
finally we're heading to Disney World
I'm excited it's my first time ever
going inside Disney World run around it
I never really went inside my family's
first time we're all excited we're all
like anxious to go I'll see you guys
there hope you guys like this new black
cam if you do give it a thumbs up and
I'll probably use it if you don't I'll
get get the old one when I'm back in New
York City and I'll keep this one for
like extra because you know I always
those like camera so that's yeah the
thing is about our families is that they
take extra extra long the crazy thing is
they tell us to hurry up we're not even
ready they're like hurry up and get
ready and then I regular I hate when
people do that
have you told me in higher figure ID and
you're not even ready yourself then
they're freaking underwear
I'm literally halfway done like hurry up
and get ready
you look back at this there's no
swimming no fishing no feeding or
touching alligators and beware of
poisonous snakes alone there's something
this is crazy
do you like my new black camera you do
where is it if you'd betray the ocean
how did it get there remember your
bidding of the tidal Reema against what
you know where we going right now
to where forgive me around are you
excited
let's go baby gimme five watch out let's
go so we have to go on a boat to get to
Magic Kingdom
No
right here it's stand right there Jimmy
to
could you go on yeah yes you got it you
made it so guys Disney World is so so
dope it's like something that I've
always dreamed that like I see them -
yeah we went to like this monsters ate
one what - like we can't film inside but
I'm waiting to like the Magic Kingdom
was like open us up like that so we can
go see more of it so I'm at this shop
right now we're looking to buy like a
dope costume so I can take a dolt
incident picture me and Rima at the
Magic Kingdom and I told you guys and I
can be on social media but I'm just
gonna post that picture because we're
finally here and yes go we go hi guys I
got my Mickey Mouse here think he's want
Mickey Mouse shirt
I'm surprised in Rima yeah Minnie Mouse
for princess I don't know happens as
goofy Kaiba's either Minnie Mouse -
princess her and Rima gotta choose I
literally left them while they're gonna
go eat I'm gonna go to them right now
we could finally I feel like Disney I
feel like I'm in Disney World now
because I'm wearing this when I was
dressed up with normal clothes I didn't
feel like I'm with Disney now I feel
like I'm with this I got maybe Mouse or
you and I'm Mickey Mouse let's go go
let's run
you put you like it let's run run right
around the corner
so Haley got goofy because she's wearing
a goofy shirt I'm supposed to get goofy
and he ended up getting Winnie the Pooh
because yeah pretty much no why why you
got what he to do right
why did he get Winnie the Pooh he was
mad because like nobody was telling her
hi when she tells goofy hi they don't
say hi back
goofy why don't you tell me my height
was wrong she
we're gonna go to Cinderella on a few do
you want to meet Cinderella she's gonna
win at you Center looking for me maybe
so far we went to a scary ride a funny
one and mostly these little kids
oh he was willing to do Cinderella's
lumber magic oh boy welcome to crown
princess Elena of avalor what a
beautiful kingdom you have here as more
you manage also thank you it's a
wonderful place to call home it's you so
moved
having my feet on the ground it's been a
while since I've been walking around
Thank You Elena for sharing your story
this is like a baby astride ever well
rimas gonna like this this is fun for
Rima we came here off of email hums
inhaler and hopefully tomorrow we get to
go so crazy right I don't now we're
gonna go maybe Universal tomorrow or
SeaWorld I said are you ready oh my god
I trust me I will not let my camera
inside the elephant all right camera
whoa this dude is crazy man
just do it as crazy
whoa big on this is behind the castle
wanted suit so this is this this one all
right
Rima woman's about to be what's your
name Sophia rose frozen I don't know
what's her name
leave a comment you know what's your
name turn into a princess
Ravin and up from frozen Elsa Elsa sorry
I did enough Rima you gonna turn me to
Mickey Mouse
right now we're inside of the castle
this is yeah this is what's inside of
the castle expected it to be like like
dope but looks nothing it just girls to
like to do like hair makeup and nails so
it's probably like a girly thing but
it's dope good job Lena busy shut me up
you can see it she's really kissing it
Alex my channel for for my channel yeah
what's up like I was doing Tara I got
there about to go to the haunted mansion
was it good yeah
you got this kid touch it
you got this I believe sometimes that
Disney closes at midnight and we said
what time at midnight yes there's only
one midnight which is 12 am from Detroit
they bring Remo we're waiting for the
parade to go on
okay do me gang so I just got back to
the place that I'm staying at in Orlando
and it's been an amazing amazing day I
woke up so early it's like midnight
right now and it's been a long long day
but I'm so happy I got to go to Disney
World the best part was probably
probably the fireworks because the rides
and everything was just like baby rides
but it was all for my family for Reema
Hamza Hyland just an amazing amazing
experience and knowing that I went
through so much but and then they're so
guys this is new world it's like a
really big like accomplishment for me
and I would have never done it without
you guys so thank you do me a for
everything thank you guys so so much so
hard
vlogging with this camera because this
camera is more like a movie type camera
but you know what screw it we'll make
the vlogs into like movies so I really
hope you guys enjoy if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I
need to get used to a little bit more
let me know in the comments below
Shoshanna stay with this camera or shut
up switch back to my homeland let me
know right now right old or new old or
new new this in the old one in this
other one so you guys gonna let me know
now see you guys tomorrow
take care pitch like baby
so don't let anybody tell you what you
gonna be Oh baby you can have anything
you
