we've been calling American Airlines up
I'm gonna say which airlines so you guys
can at least help me out hey guys what's
up Akuma gang I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having a much
better day so far having a much better
day you I should be having an amazing
happy day guys this is a huge huge
announcement at hamdullah everything is
fine now imma let you guys know what
exactly happened so the flight was
canceled me Reema Hamza Hayley my sister
a lot more of my other family the five
askance canceled so we were literally
doomed we're like that's it we're not
going Disney World this is like a whole
you know this is like a whole vacation
I'm supposed to title of like yesterday
we are going to Disney World but then
everything went upside down and it's so
crazy because then when the total
opposite side we got a call from the
airport and they're like hey they told
us you can take a flight from
Philadelphia to Miami and then Miami to
Orlando and then we're like you know
what we didn't go through all this for
nothing and and to be honest I give the
most props to Hamza hey lip and Rima
because they were so scared - to be
going into a plane I want to ask them
outside you know it was all I was like
oh do you want to go on a plane and then
what did you say Remo you said what she
was about to cry and she said she's
gonna go to the plane and go to Disney
World right and she did it and we made
ya hamdullah because there was literally
scarred like they were so scared they
were afraid for the lives I'm gonna tell
you guys more information imma show you
guys a little little mansion tour that
we got it's crazy my brother came with a
different play that's why he was been
here he's been waiting for us for one
whole day he knew about everything that
happened and it was seriously crazy I
heard and I was checking the news it was
crazy but as well they don't worry stay
strong
how long as I was good I was afraid you
look at yeah but when I was alone I was
in jacuzzis Obama he said it was crazy
but you should see well why are you in
the jacuzzi
we were running literally front it was
literally the scariest time of our life
guys it's around seven o'clock right now
p.m. our luggage is lost as you guys can
see we have the same the same clothes I
love you just completely lost because of
the whole chaos that went on yesterday
and all of the whole incident happened
he went on his first airplane ride ever
I couldn't even vlog it because my my
cameras were dead everything was rock up
like nothing till right now so scared I
was so like I don't like he asked ride
me on a plane next thing you know I
leave the loads as he or someone
children all right
and then like I was mad cuz that comes
good to better plane but then all I hear
is a lot of people and someone said oh
my god he has a car he has a car I read
and all my sisters purse and everything
everything with this phones lost my
sister has their IDs gone but she goes
through security everything gone it's
literally a mess right now but we're
gonna stay positive keep it off you guys
we're still looking for IDs the debit
cards the credit cards the phones we
lost the luggages we lost we have
nothing right and a literally nothing oh
it's so smiling we still made it here
we're still made it here that's about it
I didn't want to go at all
no we yeah we here we here guys so Adam
is Adam and the rest of my family the
one who cried our owner did not cry
times that you were crying but your
smile so like I'm so hard that is
because only what's your job that's not
free
alright guys so we just had some Red
Lobster at some lunch with the whole
family
we rented out this assignment a car it's
time in advance it's a bus it has it
allows 15 people to be in this bus I
feel disgusting I felt disgust because I
didn't even shower today I haven't
brushed my teeth I know done lucky cuz I
brought some of my clothes inside my bag
I mean here we fit I guess a little bit
it's kind of tight on me and you always
take my sneakers I mess it up we got
hugest cars what's that well it's cause
huge this is a freaking bus legit but
literally my whole family are inside
here right now oMG my car is gone I
found my glove Samia Hannah here it's so
tired we're exhausted be careful this
Liz is here in Orlando there's a soccer
field here like a huge soccer field and
you go here there's a volleyball really
dope volleyball spot there's like a park
here it's like a waterslides dope
we're here to play with you play ball
it's right now you can he does wrestling
what the head comes up this is dope man
this place is dope I like the spot hi
guys so we just got done playing some
basketball
imma finally show you guys inside the
house happens what the heck what the DJ
Khaled okay GUP me yeah I'm gonna give
you guys a house tour and I will start
off by the front over here I'm not
really gonna show the outside of it
because last time I showed the house
that I was burning a lot of you guys
found out the address and to be honest
my family like they really want to keep
it like private I know a lot of people
coming out on my taking pictures all my
family really really want their privacy
so I hope you guys understand but if I
do meet you guys anywhere around Orlando
I will tell you guys what up come and
say hi and don't ever be afraid to say
hi to me because I'm really like
approachable you can say what's up and
let's see how it goes
we're gonna start off here with one room
there's one room here how does that put
on the shirt dj khaled
why did you call sunshine alright this
is one room this calendar was no.1
living room dining area let's do a quick
tour come on this is huge little look
I'll use it over there
second rule second room upstairs guys
one thing is my family is like I don't
know they're they're like trying to like
move out out of the state of New York
City because they're saying like I don't
know let's try this look for new houses
let's not rush it
so the taking our time they're using
this vacation to see what kind of houses
here in time I you like they're freaking
awesome they're amazing but I Love New
York you know I'm saying but I don't
live to see you guys who should we get a
huge or house like even a bigger mansion
like a house I don't know what the hell
it's kids oh yeah how many rooms over to
wait this is a third room right here
connects this is a four throne this is
nice bathroom then over here you can
open it and you can see these living
room with second floor and it come over
here and you will see a fifth room this
is the fifth row this like I'm gonna
take this orange one with the TV so this
is home desert doesn't even know is six
rooms does it continue there's a closet
in there oh you scared me seven rooms
this is dope I believe there's another
room there's eight rooms by king of find
that sadness because that's how big is
and there's I already already looked for
everything there's six bathrooms eight
rooms like two kitchens two living rooms
a pool outside it's looking really dope
guys I cannot wait today is just like a
pregame for the vlogging in Orlando like
we came out of surprised that it came we
came clutch I feel like we came with all
your dying all your prayers and your
thoughts that everything helped us so so
much so thank you guys literally if you
guys made Gotham you're like help me
give this like a thumbs up and give
yourself a pat it back thank you guys so
much I just came out to play now
I like your complete mess
i'ma show you guys a pool like so so
though we must in there right now and
our land oh there's a lot of mosquitos
so there's like they put like these
things around the houses so the
mosquitoes won't go
rebo get the full of this is like six
feet six thousand feet she's doing
pretty good
how's it ready okay
can you catch it go don't drown no
Johnny be careful okay do me hang it
it's time to wrap up this bag and I am
so so sorry that this vlog is kind of
short it's been a hectic hectic day with
traveling and losing our luggage and
right now I do not know if I'm going to
Disney World
tomorrow I mean we're going to Disney
World officially this week but we can't
go tomorrow without our luggage because
all of my clothes is in my luggage and
it hasn't came yet we've been calling
American Airlines yup I'm gonna say
which airlines so you guys can at least
help me out and tag them and let them
know that my luggage and my whole
family's luggage is with them we have
nothing literally nothing to do I can't
brush my teeth I have to go by - I can't
change clothes I can't put on deodorant
I feel like a dirty person right now I'm
feeling sick I have all literally
everything in my luggage and I feel so
bad to even be bringing you guys in this
because the past couple days I've been
having like 15 20 minute long vlogs and
now I just gave you guys like a freaking
shitty vlog because of all the situation
that's been going on today I'm literally
stuck in like a situation so I'm gonna
need every single one of you guys help
to help me American Airlines let them
know that my freaking luggage is with
them and when I call them they do not
they put me on hold for 30 minutes and
they don't get back to me I have to go
back to American Airlines and try to
like speak with them then when I speak
with them they don't give me no
information they're like oh we don't
know you have to give us this you have
to give us that gave them all the
information possible I gave them my back
tag I gave them a flight number
everything and it's still nowhere to be
found I'm only gonna be here for around
four to five days so if I don't have my
luggage if I get in like two three
is literally pointless so hopefully with
this video being up you guys can help me
out thank you guys so so much I want to
say that I'm so sorry for giving you
guys and bring you guys with with with
me this a negative situation but I I
film a vlog every single day whether
it's a good day whether it's a bad day
so thank you guys for being there with
me on my good days and I'm a horrible
day which is literally going on right
now and yesterday but it won't be today
I'm happy I'm in Orlando but my luggage
we lost sucks but so yes guys help me
out please thank you guys so so much
eyes even Rhema doesn't have none of her
luggage she only has pajamas on and
stuff like that so we seriously need you
guys help to help us out with this so
you let them bring back a luggage
where's your clothes you have any
clothes or nothing we got to our land oh
we came to go to Disney World I know
your father will be
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want for me
