Hey
hey guys what's up for dooming gang i
hope you're having an amazing it because
i'm having an amazing day so but i'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing amazing day so I
brought Reema here for a big surprise
you ready a funny one is give you funny
surprise Oh funny surprise and I'm
getting that watch a video and hopefully
you'll love this video
do you love watching my videos which one
is your all-time favorite video know
what or the Pie Face challenge oh well
this video you're about to watch yeah
this video right now you're gonna love
it even more this is like gonna be your
all-time favorite video ready for I know
but this one I'm gonna be winning and
you're gonna be winning this video to
give up ready see the video oh wait
oh she's my muffin muffin for my friend
no no it's not
watch the video everyone I have to pause
it watch the videos look at you I
wouldn't hold info she's a girl her name
is Yasmin and she's my crush watch the
video for your please
I got a poison to get what what why is
watch the video what's wrong with you
look what I do what I do
can I get a reasoning why you hit me why
do you hit me cuz I put my head on her
shoulder emails using her as a pillow
yes she was a pillow I thought she was a
pillow
I know you don't know don't know all
right do me guys so I finally made an
escape from Rima why not even Brooklyn
I'm at this place where American Ninja
Warrior or like you do the climbing
thingy I'm about to go see how it goes I
do not know like what to expect but
hopefully something good if it doesn't
go well I'm just leaving and it's gonna
chill out for the day I'm waiting for
Niki with some to come through it's
supposed to be here earlier because
they're doing just training I'm doing
the competition I don't know why they
didn't want to do a competition but I'm
going in and let's see how we go
it's limited key we're gonna go are you
gonna look at me and I'm glad I won
already
guys guess who finally showed up right
30 minutes late coming he forgot some
memory card
I'm gonna get it Jimbo saw a movie to
find it here's Luger little get back
think I'm over that like I don't think
nothing about all people are like better
everyone's looking at me like I'm some
kind of peace with everyone except I'm
not
I got
we did like two courts already my
fingers like like I need to talk hurts
my fingers
it's gonna fix my trip a little more
let's go to Keith
Mesa is harder than it looks
it hurts yeah it's gonna keep good come
on
Oh
waiting online to do this Mario looking
wonders right there right there
this is crazy
oh good job Oh
I wish my eco is better so cool how much
my clothes better one like this hair in
Louisville I kinda like taking pain does
it go off this whole thing that's what
let's go
look
mr. perseverance only
ah here
I'm salad do for it to me came man how
much I was doing for yes first military
on the key
Danny keep
sooo fella
haha time's up man let's get one more
shot come on
Oh
during this time you have mad time left
let's go Adam
swing the string class align
yeah
it's all good man
that's what you could edit
I feel like I'm I feel like I let not
just you guys for everyone here down the
thing is let me figure out there's five
obstacles I was in the first one was a
little put in the whooping a second a
third was the grabbin with the hardest
ones the the fourth one was the rope and
the fifth one was going up at the wall
with all the gun boy so the ones that I
thought I was gonna miss was the second
or third which is the grabbing one
because I was already like so tired and
like I had burns in my hand I thought I
wasn't gonna make those in and then once
I start I was I went too fast I flopped
on the first one that was push me to eat
this one I'm like what the heck and then
the second and third one I did it really
good I expected myself to like miss
another rope one who's the easiest one
literally I must suffer now on to I was
so close it would kill me if you fell I
feel I feel great that was amazing was
amazing it was a fun amazing crazy
experience and I would do it again I
promise I'll try to do it again yeah we
will try to get next the next time we go
we VC I'm just say the qualifiers are in
January
no way hold on so right now I was it was
just like little training and the
competition s not to January and don't
forget this this is all about first time
I'll think we can do it yeah damn that
was well Charlie keep showing us the
songs about the mind very much
the way your long legs each senator my
shell my shoe he's kidding off like what
the heck boat let's take off my shoes my
Twitter bro yes as Mary you have a
memory closes yeah all right she told me
thank you
CSUN said I don't know what you do
without me but I think what's happening
to be like what you take a lost child
guys this finger puppets here is dope
which one is the best one I should get
what monkeys exciting wants to be try to
call me a monkey I'm a monkey yeah I'll
get the one you want all right I got a
monkey
make sure you get his black thumbs up
but it's monkey okay so we are going to
action burger to treat ourselves for
some burgers to eat and some games to
play they keep never came here but it's
dope really the entire workout we just
had yeah it's gonna be wasted nobody
have a fast metabolisms I know this is
like an underground place all of you
wanna know about space it's me Aslam and
now they keep you know
okay dummy gang it's time to wrap up
this vlog I hope you all enjoy this bike
we did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey my nephew SIF just
released his YouTube channel so make
sure you guys go show him some a do me a
glove and subscribe this channel the
link is the link is down below other
than that have a huge huge surprise for
you guys tomorrow I'll be somewhere with
me and my family and I'll see you guys
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow it's a
little surprise for them and surprise
for you guys because the vlog is gonna
be dope
I'm net I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care or anybody
Oh baby you're gonna happen
