oh thank
hey guys what's up you do me Hank I hope
y'all having an amazing night because
I'm having an amazing a so if I'm having
an amazing name you all should be having
an amazing happy positive day we're out
here in Virginia I'm wearing this dope
dope shirt right now we are leaving this
hotel we're going to a different hotel I
do not know why because what causes
cricket team whatever but this is the
view that I want to show you guys but
Virginia the Virginia it looks cool but
it's a lot of trees a lot of green this
is this is view I mean I find it
beautiful because the trees look at this
a lot of trees it just looks like a
bunch of spinach right there broccoli we
out yeah we're heading out to a
different house how far is it from here
three minutes hit so we'll leave it to a
hotel that's two minutes way from here
guys this is how I take my Instagram
photos it takes in like a thousand takes
to take the perfect photo so hopefully
he could take this on the first go big
thing in Africa
get it what is this I was like I was a
pro take it when I'm like not moving I'm
moving so I ended up taking a photo
outside because the lighting was much
better here and the stuff like I go
through photos because these two people
do not know how to take photos box
applies lemme took a really good photo
they take the worst pictures I want to
be with someone who takes good pictures
when I get married I'm gonna have to
audition my girl but see she takes good
pictures and she doesn't nobody can take
it this guy if she does it
imma like train you guys take good
photos they don't say this all feeds a
good pose
please that's why you got it together
that's our ticket fun
oh I've gotta take good photos cuz you
know you're not only my wife your mom
photographer of the Student Senate
father so that mushroom how is it as a
good oh it's bad nice to be given a lot
of trouble at the Sikh Pakistani food
restaurant here in Virginia and I just
got me some kebabs I also got one of our
favorite drinks that work on smoking up
on it was about mega Los Angeles mango
yeah yeah yeah no sugar mamas gonna
watch this is that what Mama's gonna
listen to mango leaf limiting this aura
now this head bagel is it
hi guys so we have some bad news we
haven't checked in the hotel we're gonna
check it in a few it but Vikas has a
gain a crazy game the reason why we came
here for to DC that's what it's raining
right now like really hard and it might
get cancelled so look it's not so good
show me which a linear DC Mirana
adventure
so we chillin higher doesn't matter
where we go wherever we go let's have
fun
alright so I got some kebabs so noodles
rice this is called Mon right
non-rotating battery they look the same
what's that chickpeas take you to
chickpeas and then we'll Casas waiting
first Brioni we can you're loose dude
you guys so this one snapshot here
people know
I just think in the laptop
he's like you like my brothers
really you might get mad just they were
like oh my god but we see them what do
you guys caught us good that's some
snapchat you know Kay hi guys we just
got in our new hotel room Wow he made a
mistake he was someone that was too bad
guys this means we just saw the same one
but let's move huh
you got it slim this is Jerrod slim does
this in the middle of night hey guys no
fighting no fighting
oh I'm sorry she helped me rocky she I
got it let me fucking shoot you shows my
face we'll see you guys outside in DC I
say hi what's up what's your name
Alma and Carmen Calvo and Carmen if I
like a shirt looks dope
that's fix my shirt is alright they
found us here
nice to see you guys you guys do it good
you guys chillin sorry for how you guys
waited we didn't know I know in the
waiting room
okay coming I'm so scared
I sold out guys
right now I'm literally in the bathtub I
just put on these contacts we're like
amazed my eyes is I mean when I was
right around Mile Island
Lagasse
this is all scary you guys can't see
much of it but when someone's like close
to me to my face you can see it so me
insulin and macaws which is did a video
on his channel and we were watching like
he's ghost he's kind of like ghost stuff
and slim was getting creeped out and I
had like these crazy contacts I mean I
pretend that like I don't know possessed
are like echoes in aluminum eyes you're
bugging out and I'm gonna let them see
my bias but I gotta wait a little bit
until he comes like til we like do eye
contact or something new you see this is
let me finish that a new video or now
huh do you hate your video
so all the way over all the way over so
well I want such dicks you stolen mine
so see them in complete level know me
like that if I have somebody go over
better you know so much give me some
blankets oh we've been taking it taking
a whole thing Oh take it whole place
shit shit I think there's no sleep on
the floor what's going sleep can I get
you something
No
No
who's pushing me someone's pushing about
doing that man stop ah wasn't me
I'm scared yeah then help me be
something I can't move accusation I
can't move I can't move
listen I swear who's your eyes from side
to side please so giant whose eyes
oh yeah just let's get this morning
again someone is to help you fuck you
can get an answer
get some water come here son get it come
here
fuck
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get slim
because restaurants with his ghost video
you did on this channel you must know he
deserved it though thank you so much
you're an okay this is scariest the
scariest prank to ever do the windows
video basically go thumbs up and go to
hkey huge shout out there homie split no
cos if you guys want to see that shiner
you go to the link down below you see
what cops and slim and you can see the
crazy shit he put us put me through
you're the reason he's the reason why
did this not he's the reason why I did
this little prank my eyes are burning it
took me an hour to put these freaking
contacts on him oh I'm gonna go take my
contacts out I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you I love
you look I love you baby I love you baby
girl me Oh baby you can have anything
I can't replace them but baby I grind it
be
every day for them
