my dad is about to do the epic reveal of
my new look did you cook like me okay
okay I'm gonna give it to you
but I can't I can't talk like that do me
game what is poppin this is Adam Salah I
am bringing back prank week starting
today I'm gonna try my best to get every
single family member of mine and in a
way that Adam Adam solid would do it
which probably means a ratchet immature
way but a do me gang today I'm doing the
face tattoo prank on my dad as you guys
know I pull the tattoo prank on my dad
around the year ago but I put tattoos
just over my body this time I'm putting
tattoos on my face like one of those
face tattoo rappers these days I got so
many tattoos to choose from either this
make one letters I don't know what
language looks like her do or Chinese or
Korean I don't know what language is
this I got a little Halloween pumpkin
vibe we got some stars here we got some
roses here but roses are really skanky
I'm kind of really nervous to put these
tattoos on my face I remember the last
time when I put it all over my body it
took me so long to take it off this time
it's gonna be on my face and I always
like I always take care of my face like
man the stuff I do for you guys to do ba
I don't care it's gonna be a really fun
video let's start off this video by
giving a giant thumbs up and do me a
morning thank you guys so much I love
you guys and do not forget to press the
subscribe button because I upload every
single day and if you guys want to stay
updated with my videos every single day
subscribe subscribe okay since Halloween
is around the corner I'm thinking to put
a Halloween one right here I'm gonna
just put a whole mix all over my face
this pumpkin is gonna be on my face oh
my god how do people do this for real
how do people with real tattoos on her
face oh my god pearl of water oh my god
how do people do this
Oh 30 seconds look at this man hey hey
call me little pumpkin all right I'm
gonna put this letter on the other side
of my face I do not even know what it
says it can say I'm stupid I don't even
know what it says like let's go
do me how do I look now
do I look more like a rapper now oh my
god I can't even look at myself the same
this is crazy imagine living like this
for the rest of your life that takes
that takes a lot of guts to put tattoos
on your face I've always wondered why a
lot of rappers do it these days
especially the young ones do me Aang
this on my neck and we're ready to go
sink all right all right do me again
okay I got a little sharpie marker to
make this a little more realistic I'm
gonna put a little letter T right here
and a little teardrop here
Wow guys I should have been a tattoo
artist man I'm sick yeah I'm sick all I
need is grills right now that I'm
officially a 2018 rapper yeah oh yeah
hey you know this is insane yo my dad is
gonna bug out especially because these
are all over my face do me I'm looking
at let me go get a mask I can't show my
dad right away so I'm gonna put this on
my face like this and then we're gonna
reveal it to him like this I haven't
seen him for like a dare to because he
went to Harlem and came back but I need
to tell my dad I am now becoming a
rapper he needs to accept this this is
what I need to do to become a rapper
these days so Baba I'm sorry let's get
this prank started before I go upstairs
and do me a let's try to aim for 50,000
thumbs up so make sure you guys give
this video a giant thumbs up at doom
again a lot more pranks to come
especially tomorrow I'm doing one of my
older brother and I cannot wait for you
guys to see every single day thank you
guys so much for loving support I'm Loki
scared I'm just trying to long this up
you guys are scared to go to the show
with that but do me a see on the next
shy scared and I you know I'm saying I
was in a penitentiary for like 15 years
you know you know I know I got a new
look yeah this is you know I'm a rapper
now you know I'm saying yeah you get
ahead of it no no no I'm trying to
become the next biggest not a real
haircut it's not no Apollo I'm at Ronnie
just keep guessing what do you think it
is no look hello hello hello
what the flow my beard yeah none of my
beard is still here oh good okay we
gotta make this epic yeah hey guys my
dad is about to do the epic reveal of my
new look let me get killed like me
okay okay I'm gonna give it to you Oh
what is it it's my new look Pizza face
that's what this has still got a do
disease might be writing it you're going
to even ate anything is it gonna be teen
no it's real clean one Baba
this is a real touching you with man
look okay go it's real bubble look my
glow when you can go out like this just
do a look
well then there's no good get on for
would you kill me huh get down no worry
what I was I was excited to show you
much we can touch you I don't wanna see
you
you know after 21 years now is go to bed
rather huh good kid 25 years or 25 years
old no I pretty horny
I'm 25 2011 you're gonna be around yeah
I want to be like this one for what it's
a teen movie then I drop it in remember
no 2.8 nice shayana thank you talking
about I'm talking how much movie
I can't do tattoo removal yeah you can
do it it's a very fun
oh thank you see you down see what how
do I let you do what I'm sorry I'll tell
you gonna like it you're like you're
lucky sorry miss you mean I want to do
that so I could give it up but I taught
you or like I said to organize who I
don't you had even poet he's what this
thing can't actually come off so that's
how when he came here dick oh my god
like so what if I really had a tattoo
and I needed two hours to take it off
like now that's that's impossible manly
I'm still waiting I don't know what to
happen I don't know if he's like way to
go smoke is saying take a breather or I
don't know if you want to go bring some
Goonies I'm making my Goonies right now
they call me lo pumpkin and helps
it's your boy I don't sign they in the
building we already know got a future
collab with the homie Drake you already
know what I'm saying like y'all gonna do
another cloud my boy the weekend you
know I'm sayin you gonna be singing on
the weekdays too you know see like
what's oh my god oh my god just do it is
really big lipstick so he's so calm but
again nothing mitt what you read well a
break you can head to evidence my booboo
gimmick that going what do you wanna go
huh you know hey Bubba get over look at
Hannah okay but like that's what that's
what I want that's what I want to do
this I wanna do my life that night say I
did - hey everybody - yo how is he just
gonna give me his what like he's my own
tripod but that really wants all this
adem√°s de uneven hosted Yahoo I have my
phone my phone is it how much is the
good what am I supposed to do
I'm literally stranded muscles go hiking
can I come in I mean can I say something
all right
it's a fake tattoo still he still wants
me to take it's all that all I need is
like I need to scrub it like to take it
off well it's not a real tattoo
what well hidden and I'm gonna move it
we don't okay Kyle so yeah I'm gonna go
take off the tattoos and end the vlog
here do me a tomorrow's give me another
big print today it was just a little
start of something but tomorrow's give
me a nice big one that's gonna get
bigger and bigger and bigger so stay
tuned to do me yeah do not forget to
thumbs up and go Turkey do not forget to
subscribe as always I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me a I love you guys huge
shout-outs all my rotted eyes I'll see
you guys I love you so much I hope you
all have an amazing day amazing night
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and Pitt's like what you look
Amen I love Ellie
