you know
hey guys what's up you're doing me yank
I hope you all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day and do me
game today is about to be a wild day I
am jumping off a helicopter I'm joking
I'm not but I actually won a bungee jump
off a helicopter someday but my mom
would never let me because as you guys
know last time when I went skydiving
with slip when she found out I was going
skydiving she was literally calling the
place and making like this big scene so
today I'm pulling kind of a prank on my
mom I am actually going on a helicopter
I'm going on this dope NYC helicopter
tour I'm gonna take a picture and post
and be like mom I'm sorry I'm bungee
jumping off this helicopter sorry mama I
got a print you somehow you're not in my
video so I gotta mess with you something
I've got to be ready for like 30 missed
calls on my phone but I'm excited it's
gonna be so much fun I'm gonna take you
guys with me the last time I went on a
helicopter I believe was probably in
Vegas to Phoenix Arizona and means slim
went to the Grand Canyon but this time
is gonna be even better because one top
of New York City the Big Apple I need to
find the place where like I can actually
bungee jump from a helicopter just like
how Will Smith done it a few days ago on
his 50th birthday so if anyone knows a
place where you can go bungee jumping
from a helicopter let me know I'm down
to do that vlog it may be when I reach 5
million subscribers I'll do that because
last time I remember when I reached 1
million I did skydiving so 5 million
I'll do Bundy's up and which is a bit
crazier so let's start up the law by
giving that giant thumbs up do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day domi yang I'm heading
there right now to the pier I never know
there's even like helicopters here in
New York City till today so do me a i'ma
see you guys in the next shot
I love reading hey that's right hello
dead I Love You Man
they don't forget god is good all the
time yes don't forget to love each other
and don't listen to the president love
each other
go black don't come back guys everything
I've done is wrong
all right thank you buddy I love you too
the thing I'm thinking of is like didn't
try to see how he did it yeah it did it
oh my god you scared me
hi guys I am two minutes away from the
helicopter spot this is where I do
Instagram story and say jumping off the
helicopter I think five maybe five to
ten minutes you'll see my mom giving him
a call because she literally watches my
stories and stuff like that whenever I
do something stupid like this what's not
stupid but like I wrote jumping so we're
not for a terrorist stupid like you know
but I don't think it's going in and out
to the house
to the story it's low-key scared meant
like just going on the helicopter even
though even like not jumping as scary
mom is calling and she thinks I'm
jumping off of a plane very nice what is
the free to today
all right sounds good so no larger
perhaps named Holly water it happens go
inside you can't cross the other line
follow the rules
I'm on a mission cuz I know you've been
waiting for me to come through long
overdue overdue I can't get over you
constantly thinking on my way to you
what we could do to want to hit my line
I'm on my way like my guys want them in
Starbucks right now getting me a quick
pink drink and my sister are you texting
you say hey hello you okay mom is
burning what the helicopter are you
jumping off oh I'm sorry I'm so sorry
once I get home I'm gonna call them and
I'm also gonna call slim damn the crazy
thing is I'm actually gonna do this for
like their reactions gonna be pretty
insane even you guys on Twitter and
telling me chill be careful you know
sometimes it allows you better do some
risks you know if you're not down for
that and go home guys I just met mili
right now she's seriously made my day
she came through gave me a big hug thank
you so much thank you so much weight
from from the bronze for the bronze a
shout out to six dozen hey what's up
shout out to the Bronx thank you so much
for that picture thank you thank you
have a good day all right
guys look I'm passing through the law
place I'm so interested in law see these
busts right here I was in this bus
before this bus is going to Rikers
Island man
I feel bad for anyone in there man
they're going pretty much to help like
Oh crazy man what is popping to do me
Hank so as you guys can see I got this
salt base shirt huge added to salt bay
aka no strength
the crazy thing is this shirt like
almost 70 bucks I'm not I feel like it's
too
it's just too like too similar I mean
obviously assault is assault big kind of
shirt but like I feel like I'm trying to
show like my movies is something like oh
you know like I don't know my merch is
not like that so if you guys want to get
my merch accorded Umi stores I'll check
it out you know you guys could get your
own merch it's not like this is a bit
better no I'm saying I've been texting
my older brother I've been texting my
sister's I spoke to my mom and as you
guys know mom doesn't wanna be on blogs
but I finally cleared it up where I
spoke to my sisters back I was like I
did not bungee jump even though I will
bungee jump real soon but right now I
want to turn this prank to slim all
right guys I got background music of not
back I'm using background instrument
effects of the hospital you can hear
right now so I'm gonna call slim and
pretend I got hurt like bungee jump in
and let's see let's see how he reacts
lemma told get me get you back so this
is it let's do it I'm calling around us
Bassem you might take a lot oh come on
son pick up I'm hurt slow
you ain't gonna pick up
Yamaha's for the book hospital
yeah hospital I have my boss I fell off
I fell on bungee jumping you know buddy
jump on my back so I love you yeah I got
some I just hung up my slim yes I love
you oh sorry I'm sorry
well I'm so sorry go seriously like I
thank you like that was that Matt like a
lot like sure I'm so sorry that was so
mean
that was solid my bad but I'm so sorry
I'm a sinner I was like I loved before
thank you like for you Karen but like
always hilarious I was cool fun yeah I
was blogging this some of that huge
shout out to slow I feel so bad -
because he even told his brother was
kind of worried and like he woke his dad
up from his sleep so slim he chatted to
you I'm so so sorry
yeah that was pretty hilarious but
that's the start of something that I
told him something that he can't finish
the slim sleep with one eye open you
sleep with both your eyes open anyways
thank you out so much for watching this
I I hope you guys enjoyed it if you guys
did make sure I just give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so much boy level support
so you guys tomorrow take care and peace
amen
