hey guys what's up a do me Aang I hope
you wait what do you have to pick your
nose on a third of lime tequila girl
what's up ado meeting I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you are should be having an
amazing day
where are you Rema a picnic we are in
Steinway Queens right now Astoria what's
up what's up saying I do man nice to be
true very good let's see when it's time
we peas right now we're about to get
food and take a home because we're gonna
eat food from Steinway Queens today
we're not gonna make no we make a little
bit home food why wouldn't talk in you
talk are okay like when I'm talking to
mention literally anything if I'm
talking to blogging see like she'll say
every cheap like wow my god the
beautiful air Adam look if you fast
today I'll give you a toy you're fasting
today but I saw you eating earlier huh
what was that who knows not me
that was your twin when we make us
nervous she says like shaking her hand
like grabbing like that saying oh she's
lying
but never she does that that water gun
this is the do me yeah he's gonna fight
ready set
oh she cracked me
Bob and pride we got yeah how much you
guys ordered attend well what the heck
you got the crazy road they ordered
twelve of these right about tonight four
months ago
the camera blog YouTube himself 34th
Street Ave in Stein away halal food
course what gonna go to Billy B's
inshallah I told you in Shambala no
inshallah inshallah what is uh I wait
the homie Mahender right it's good holy
- so we went to high school together and
like five years five years since we
haven't seen each other now we seem
something today and is this crazy
because I see them before you had low
afro no beard and CNM since you made my
growing up mother going off get big I
gotta talk about it guys I'm like come
on kit thank you very nice seeing your
homie policy further we got a visit
school tell it's a ton of how how was
that before how was that husband this
thing was the craziest I got no
taillights on before you can say it tell
her you're my man fought the demon
Airport the Dean listen well you know
I'm the love oh you know and he made a
move he's trying to make me like like be
a better person and I said I did not man
I don't do it no but you got it's not I
see it but thank you so much like
whatever you've done wrong thank you so
much good it's always nice seeing my old
high school friends it's so crazy
because I was so wild back then and they
see like a huge difference in me from
going crazy wild it's like being calm
and just chill so like that is just I
don't know miss Monday seen it so you
shot it too hard man that and he'd shout
out to Rima repeating a baby bottle pop
right in front of me why are you eating
in front of me huh I'll tell you're
fasting you said you're gonna be fasting
for the toy
oh are you all you're just you're
breaking the fast now man up for you is
now terrine huh keeps telling me to
taste freaking okay dude I knew that but
only have around if times that we have
40 minutes to go you trying to give me
break my fast and I have 40 minutes ago
Rima it's not nice
just one yeah okay
all right what kind of bad influence
are you doing fasten telling me burn
just watch out watch out watch are you
dirty to call me Mom
hello ego the car so we could just like
I can eat chicken eat and we just gotta
be careful what is I am here with team
double age haven't seen up for so long
what you guys been in cookie or cooking
cooking cooking this is what Haley's
been cooking fried Oreos assemble sir
you helped matters all good good
tomorrow is twice Tuesday or Susan
tomorrow is Haley's birthday Haley is
turning 11 years old tomorrow and it is
crazy from last month
oh you do shout out to hang that happy
birthday to hang it up so I'm on Twitter
and I'll see you guys quote retweeting
all my old tweets and they are so
embarrassing it's so dumb so do not go
to my old tweets because it's
embarrassing no go to me and I am on the
you hype app and I'm going through the
battles on the app and they have two of
my old tweets right there to my old
tweets and have the choose which was
funnier one of them are Co retweeted
what do you guys do me and I said the
girl said hi let's get married and I was
a high okay give me your mom's number or
we can just get married without them
knowing
oh it was a sick oh my god and the other
thing that I said is I love going into
our stores and listening to the dumb
stuff they say when they think I'm not
Arab and I don't understand them I still
do that to this day but I'll choose I
don't know what you're Natasha's random
and I don't know just like annoying oh
my gosh someone tweeted this
Adams biggest fan girl yeah they have
that guy or something else is asked to
switch seats on the plane because I was
sitting next to a crying baby it's not
like the first one he's I think he's my
biggest fan girl Amos you're my biggest
fan girl homie
this is a tweet me trying to hold in
that fart between negative and Esha or
damn the NFL has been around longer than
our government we've had 48 Super Bowls
and only 44 presidents I did not know
that what the heck
I like the Wonder the first one you may
be talented but you're not Kanye West
Kanye West tweeted that was right or we
should bury everyone upside down so they
come back as zombies they'll dig the
wrong way and I think is gonna like
honey what do you guys don't have it
make sure you guys get it in the link
down below because that announcement
will be announced in the end of this
video
food is almost ready
Rema sunshine I'd like you know like you
know like you're fasting you're not fast
and girl we're still warming up to other
ones we had but we got to eat right now
and let's do this Eddie your fat my son
pound it pound it he just woke up from
asleep found it almost forgot the other
monster for backup you know what's up it
do me getting I am back home as you guys
can see I am wearing the Golden State
Warriors had a goal to say or his shirt
but it did not end so well today but I
still think the words are gonna take at
Game six or Game seven and rather than
went in Game seven at their home town
but today I am back with another
reaction video literally all of you guys
were tweeting me this video and my niece
texted me linking me this video telling
me that she loved my reaction videos and
to react to this social experiment I
have not watched it I'm about to watch
it right now for the first time so let's
see what is up in this social experiment
I already got a big big headaches I
really hope this video doesn't give me
more of a headache so the video is
called terrorism Islam versus
Christianity social experiment okay okay
the title race already give me like a
headache but okay let's watch it I'm not
judging before let's watch it and see
what is up wait you put an annotation
and it says seems like people are
disliking before understanding the
concept of this video this video should
offend anyone it simply opens up
dialogue to a tragedy
this video will raise questions to why
certain things happen watch the whole
video to understand okay well not judge
it I'll watch the whole video to
understand
and see how it goes gonna be doing the
Islam first Christianity terrorism
social experiment he's gonna be an
Islamic terrorist I'm going to be a
Christian terrorist let's see if people
act differently
one thing that do not like so far about
this video is that he is saying there's
gonna be a Muslim terrorist there's
gonna be a Christian terrorist do not
involve religion interest terrorism has
no religion anybody can be terse anybody
in this world can be a terrorist so if
you're evolving religion into it
I think it's already pretty dumb
everyone in the world should know
anybody can be a terrorist my headache
is like massive and oh my god y'all like
give me something yeah love you what the
heck obviously people are not gonna
react in a good way because the media
already gives us a bad image they've
already got stereotypes of the way we
dress people get afraid of the way we
dress so of course people are gonna be
scared if we throw a package and just
run away and say Aloha but when they do
not know what a lo of what means a lot
of it means God is the greatest but when
we say along with someone else too many
ignorant people they think it means
something else they think a lot of what
means something dangerous but it doesn't
it means God is the greatest the fact
that he's doing it after the tragedy
happened in Thailand of all my prayers
of thoughts go out to the families of
everyone who passed away in that crazy
tragedy in Orlando is so so sad and
sickening and the fact that I did after
it does not make it any better
this dude is smiling in the video let me
go back cuz do the smile it was like he
wanted to do this he's out this dude is
cheesin he's happy doing this over this
video is making me cringe so bad oh my
god
praise Jesus okay
Mahalo wait so I'm confused so when he
did the Krishnan part he did it in like
a really calm way like who made the song
person the Muslim president dressed as
you know as a whole Muslim oh you should
address yourself as more of like I guess
like a Christian person I don't know
more where people would know your
question cuz anyone can be Muslim any
white guy Chinese guy black guy anybody
can be Muslim and the fact that he's
walking
you know normally to little kids and
just dropping it down and just walking
away calmly just normal like this it
just shows and proves what kind of
reaction he's trying to get I feel like
he purposely did that to get the
reaction he wanted which was when he
walks calmly obviously no one's gonna do
anything but when you're dressed up like
that and have a package and you're
running away in a really aggressive way
obviously everything is like all rush
know when you're walking coming and just
walking away like that normally
obviously no one is there not gonna do
anything and the fact that he said
praise Jesus nobody's gonna run away if
you say praise Jesus normal a lot of
what it means God is the greatest yes is
something good but people think it's
something different so obviously they're
gonna be afraid since that stereotype is
already on us Muslim but the fact that
he's not praise Jesus no one is gonna do
anything you should have at least maybe
said something else there's something
crazier and like I don't know maybe
something crazier to see if they would
run away because it seems like this
social experiment is kind of biased
looks like why he's trying to go he was
trying to show that Muslims are
terrorists and Christians aren't and
that is why there is so many dislikes
thanks for watching please in the video
like share and subscribe as you can see
people like different when there's a
Islamic terrorist versus when there's a
Christian terrorist let me know
obviously people are gonna act different
on this guy's so dumb obviously people
gonna act different this is what my
niece texted me she said Adam watch this
video I think this is one of the dumbest
social experiments ever but you let me
know what you think and if you can do a
react video to it and I will reply
saying oh it can be the dumbest social
experiment ever because I've watched a
lot of dumb ones but I'm gonna watch it
now and react to it and I seriously
think this is the dumbest
social experiment ever I feel like
because usually when people do social
experiments and really think about it
before you have this idea
and then you think it's so good but when
you do it it didn't go out so well but
that's when I feel like I feel like he's
trying to send a positive message but it
worked out being the opposite of the
fact that they're bringing in you know
Muslims with terrorists is just really
really dumb basically pretending he's
having a bomb he can get in big big
trouble for this so I suggested I don't
know to just don't do it or just I don't
even know what to say I didn't even know
how to say a love walk but it's a la
huaca but he didn't even know how to say
right I feel like he just rushed this
video to try to like make a crazy video
after the tragedy Who am I to judge the
people in the video maybe that's not
their intentions maybe they made a
mistake but whatever it is it was just
really not a good idea to do something
like this if it would react to videos
please send me like videos I don't know
like to watch that would not give me a
headache this is literally messed up my
whole head even more you're gonna close
my laptop and end this video guys if you
guys did enjoy this video make sure you
give it a thumbs up and do me a and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for a
little support if you guys want me to
react to any more videos throughout
Ramadan or anything make sure you leave
it in the comments below of any video
give me to react to and I will react to
it thank you guys so so much for I love
and support lately you guys have been
showing crazy crazy amount of love also
I have an announcement competition for
everyone who downloaded you hype which
is my app that I've been working on for
so so long and the prize for this
competition is for you and someone else
which is two people who begin flowing up
to New York City to spend a day and hang
out and vlog with me well the good
surprises for me because I get to chill
with someone to do me yeah you know I'm
Shannon and I really hope anyone who
wins is a rider die and do me and the
way to win this competition is really
really easy all you got to do is
download the app you hype and screenshot
a battle that was really really
difficult let's say who do you like
better Adam or Marcin let's say that was
a difficult battle if ago battle for you
guys
screenshot it and you post it on your
Twitter Instagram and you tag all your
friends three of your friend and you put
the hashtag you hype on Twitter and
Instagram hashtag you hype and the
winners will be chosen randomly whether
you live in Brooklyn or you live in
Australia so anybody can be get chosen
anywhere around the world thank you guys
so much for your love and support
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care Oh
piss hello
