my head your name colada hey guys what's
up it do me I hope you're having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day and do me ganc I was supposed
to be doing the video I let my fans and
do me again control me on Instagram
today but the weather isn't that great
in New York City is starting to get
really cold and I believe is gonna be a
bit warm this week so what it is be
ready I have some crazy dares that I'm
gonna do but I also want you guys to
give me some dare so make sure you guys
tweet me anything any crazy there you
guys can give me some options and if
they're better than the ones that I have
then I'll choose yours other than that I
told you guys to do me a I'm gonna be
reacting to the video that slim made on
me where he snuck into my house
literally snuck into my house recorded
me without me knowing anything and I was
just doing the dumbest ish ever so yeah
let's do it here I'm on Slim's channel
it's called I snuck into Adam's house
for 24 hours and he had no idea 24 hour
challenge but I haven't gave it a thumbs
up and we give it a thumbs up right now
but I could have sworn I gave it a
thumbs up sometimes I feel like when I
do give video a thumbs up just goes away
or something but I did give it a thumbs
up matter of fact some I should give it
a thumbs down for pulling up to my crib
like that and showing people with like
what the heck all right let's watch it
and do it
I'm so tired you did stretch my legs
after that long drive so some such an
ass
what the heck you doing long leg
problems so guy
oh well I don't know is that Adam
actually gave me the keys to his crib
like I know every single day always
welcome to I feel like I've never
welcomed you to my home but this new
home is not just my home also your home
and this is the keys you come whenever
you want it's the biggest mistake I did
with slub give him keys to my crib give
me a copy to prove you told me come over
whenever I want so you know what I might
take that literal and come over right
now I'm facing gonna just sneak into his
house and try to not get caught Hey look
he had his basketball hoop here and it
could as a car go I don't know whose
cars that so I don't know this car Abe's
card oh my god Adams household I'm here
oh my god this is just the background
music makes it more creepier but only an
abandonment you should do at this point
I did hear like a little Bell because
anyone that comes through my house you
hear like a little three and I thought
that was my dad because my dad always
goes in and out in and out in and out in
and out so I completely thought was my
dad and my dad rarely goes downstairs
unless I tell him to go downstairs or
unless I'm doing a crazy prank on him he
wants to beat my butt let's continue
watching it cuz this Butthead is gonna
come back alright
is that of you at home imagine he's at
home he's like he always runs in and
doing all these errands so I don't know
he's actually home I see how long it
took him to the his basement healthy I
don't even know if Adams home or not nay
and I feel like but let me go check his
mancave real quick that's where you
that's why usually find him since he's
named Kate what's up
cracks me up uh-oh
what the hell is this is just back scary
like knowing I'm there
and he's like no mine is this stuff is
it bud oh my god all right at this point
I was taking a shower it's good giraffe
go
is inside this dude is crazier than
gonna go hide somewhere oh man hey guys
that's the best hiding I know someone's
gonna hog oh man I remember this moment
I'm just sick shower put on my boxers
that came out fixing up the blackout's
what's up load put some music guy is
that like putting on music you know what
when I wake up you know oh my god this
is so just see this just gives me chills
man like this is scary it's like a CCT
like I hated a camera like someone
literally stalking you
put up my beard oil oh my god Oh Mike
you can literally see everything up I
started working out I still look like a
normal human right now oh my god you're
still working out I'm going in you know
oh damn the music distracted me a lot or
else I would have CBIZ but yeah oh my
god
so after this phone call was really
suspicious because slim was just
speaking like a different weird way but
I thought maybe he's driving and they
don't make the phone call that long
because I thought he was driving and
like on the phone so I wanted him to
drive safe and I kept saying drive safe
drive safe oh my god I'm stuck I'm stuck
in traffic right now
yeah well movie bums just trying to get
the nose man far eta approximately like
45 minutes I can't stop smiling this is
crazy
I could if it would be nice if you could
be food bro be nice you could cook foods
oh oh ma yes
oh yeah that's the drive silver
all right okay all right let me post it
at this part because that's why everyone
asked him what the heck were you doing
at him to be honest I don't even know
what I was doing there but I was just
really excited because slim was coming
through to my crib he hasn't came
through for so long as I was doing I
don't know who's dancing I was going
like this just just cool movements you
know I've got me water I was drinking
water all right dude go be washing
dishes I was washing the dishes that I
ate from food last night and my mom
always tells me to like wash your own
dishes so that's what I was doing I was
washing my own dishes my god he must
have been fatally never wash dishes slow
this is creepy as hell
I always go out now we sit down and my
thinking chair you know you didn't watch
all the dishes I don't kind of you did
like two dishes
my brother he needs to watch that not me
no no swinging by himself
what weirdo it is so pretty dude oh my
god
this is with oh my god slim knows
everything in my house
right now I have a really good view of
Adam right here in the second floor
he has no idea I'm here still and oh my
god this is crazy you can speak normal
you know what what here not all like
better have a six Peterborough's right
now so I'm always over does it you know
like whatever you doesn't Frank anything
too much snapshot there okay that's also
kind of thanks next time you the text
free number this is a number Marrakesh
this is where I got really scared
like I got like I generally got like my
heart drop does like what the half like
to see the sticks oh my god I was about
by succeeded Aloha's man alright yeah
this point I got a knife
I took a knife well he did not - gonna I
took a knife and I started checking
everywhere outside cuz I didn't know I'm
like what that helps someone just so
many pictures of myself and now using my
dad's me if my dad sees this he will
beat the but a slim yeah then what the
heck you doing tomorrow he's laying down
in his bed how you laid out of my dad's
business
I know what that means to get you back
to at this point yeah at this point I
thought my dad is in there because my
not when I heard someone come in I
thought my dad is sleeping
um oh my god
okay let's confuse those like he's not
this tall like I was like wait maybe mom
is here to do me I never went through
anything like this this is like stalker
level 1342 like this is another level of
like stalking slim I'm be honest you did
a good job but now watch your back me my
dad we're coming for you just watch your
back even if it's the next few months
next few years I might end up in your
crib without you knowing when no one is
there but maybe I won't I don't know I'm
gonna play mind games with you but has
to do me I'm gonna end the video here
hope you guys enjoyed this little video
also do me yeah if you guys do not know
my little brother is getting married it
has to like you know go to the family of
the girl you know like so much stuff
going on obviously I can't vlog it and
I'll also have like be the man to
organize it help him out and be by his
side because he's still my little
brother and I love him so much
yes I think promise you guys that I will
react to this video I believe tomorrow
or after tomorrow I'll keep you guys
updated which day I'll do it I'll do
that I'll let my Instagram followers
control my life but for now if you guys
enjoyed this video make sure you guys
give it a giant thumbs up thumbs up and
do me a few guys a team Adam so we could
show slim what we about slim I love you
I know it's team slide them all the way
but now it's t matter because I'm coming
for you I promise you I'm gonna get your
closest brothers to be on my side so
they can get you back real good banging
on my chest do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day do be
game thank you guys so much we love it
so far see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace
