what's up or do me gang I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy positive day today so I'll hold of
that video today of the kid
disrespecting Islam and disrespecting
the religion in the Quran and I seen him
going crazy
tweeting hate commenting hate so I
wanted to handle it like you know I was
the hit like man I want to talk to him
you know face to face he lives all the
way Singapore I am gonna do a Skype with
him and I'm gonna try my best to just
give the positivity of Islam and
everything the real truth of Islam I
would no one would ever be representing
Islam this much if Islam is a religion
that's disgusting or as terrorist as he
says so hopefully this Skype session can
change his perspective let's see and
honestly like a question your your guy
right a guy really didn't know because
some people say she some people are
saying he so you live where you live in
Singapore oh nice nice country I want to
go there someday so no so I don't know I
wanted to like talk to you about the
video that you uploaded on like two
weeks ago yeah yeah but like I don't
know like what was your purpose of
making that video
so was that like what was like the
tearing you know ripping the Koran and
doing those things on what was that like
necessary like part of what you would do
it or not what was it what was the point
like do you think I was funny you
thought that was like funny like going
yeah a lot of people don't care but as
Muslims we care when you when someone
disrespects I really do we care when
someone makes fun of our religion we
care we want to you know do react in a
positive - way but I feel like like what
you're saying yes you have freedom of
speech to say whatever you want but at
the same time when you have a saying you
have freedom of speech but when you when
you do freedom of speech in a negative
way and spread hatred I don't think
that's cool you can do in a positive way
you can say whatever you want but when
you would you like tell the Quran and do
stuff like that to the Quran with that
is just really negative and really
hateful without without tearing
something apart that's it you can you do
with your mouth you don't do it with
with using you know you know those
quotes are you seen there in a whole
chapter a whole verse when you read it
all together then has a beginning a
middle and end they took out one quote
that you had and you just assumed it out
like that it seemed like you were just
trying to make the video for like four
views or that's what if our attention
that's what it seemed like and then
adding on all the nasty stuff we did to
the Quran was it seemed like was more -
attention what that's what I didn't like
is how you did have freedom of speech
but you're doing it in such a negative
negative way it just explains what kind
of person you are
so which quoting the Quran we're looking
at
context of that verse it validates that
quote you translate it to boiling in
water and rot whatever what if you would
have read the yeah yeah yeah it was
there it was there if you would have
read the whole thing the whole chapter
it tells you this anyone who does wrong
anyone who is not a believer you'll get
a warning from God which is Allah Allah
means God by the way did you know that
or not doesn't seem like you know Allah
means God so we in Arabic means Allah is
God average so when you read the whole
thing all that gives you other gives you
a chance whenever you're doing wrong
when you get a chance time like that and
the people were so unbelievers anyone
who's still doing wrong they'll go to
hell and the people who are doing good
and the believers will go to heaven what
you took out you just took out a part
where is that you're going to help what
I'm gonna show you something ok that's a
painting that's a painting yea-ah
do you know who did this painting now
I'd like you see who's what's obvious
who did this painting it's obvious that
a human being did this you know painting
right yeah when you look at this you
know you don't have to see the person to
know that someone did this painting you
get me you so when anyone that looks at
this painting it
anyone that see this painting you're
like oh I would see someone you know
made this whole thing made this whole
nice masterpiece so in this world in
this world earth who made the world
oh Allah minute which is God just like
how you see this just like oh oh Allah
you're acting childish right now you
know you know you're not like you pretty
much you pretty much you don't have to
see the person
this but you know that someone did this
job painting right so in this world you
don't have to see Allah you have to see
God to know that he brought everything
in this world in this universe hello
same thing with that painting I look
fantastic it's not all lies
Allah Allah Allah is like that okay and
another thing I'm uh I know it's just a
personal question with that like what's
your purpose in life like what's what's
your purpose I just wanna know I don't
know what do you think a purpose in life
is what's your purpose in life so how
did you come in existence in this world
how did you come in this world a lot
greater you didn't you didn't like what
else Muslims we tolerate we tell many
people with you know other faiths other
religious and stuff like that that's why
Prophet Muhammad taught us you know we
can we can tell you other people's face
stuff like that but when it comes to
like being ignorant the way you are
saying stuff like that making those
videos is just wrong I'd rather you be
more like whatever you want to talk
about say in a positive way I guess or
say in a way to charge up stop them when
someone says the word Muslim to anyone
you're watching the media right you
watching the news you watch it lose your
Washington news way too much and they
put Trey Muslims as one of the worst
people in the world Isis are Muslim
anyway anyone who's in the religion of
Islam anyone who kills anyone is
considered not a Muslim they're not a
Muslim at all so any of these Isis
people who go killer go around killing
people they're not Muslim at all rido
Kuran then you can come and say
something to back yourself up top to
bottom I've done it before but I'm
trying to get it done again this Ramadan
you know Ramadan is yes so what do you
think we do so this is why we fast and
why we do it on the run all right
there's there's people around you see
you can eat whenever you want right you
can pretty much eat whenever you want
yes so there's people who are less
fortunate who can't do that and in every
year there's a month where us Muslims we
do that to appreciate you know the
people who are less fortunate who can't
eat to teach you to do patience and
makes you you know it makes you
appreciate everything around you in life
you don't just mess up our body like
that
you got me does it make more sense so
you also do that during domina it's
called you know the cat the cat means
you know give charity to you know the
people who are less fortunate that's
that's what it means that cat we give to
the misfortune we also go through you
want to personally go through what
they're going do we want to you know
basically feel what they're feeling
you when you get from that experience
it's an amazing experience you get to
see what for people who are less
fortunate and go through you know I see
the wise wise Islam the fastest growing
religion in the world before stupid they
realize them so were you like we're you
like born like atheists or where you
just you don't need evidence you know
just like this look just like this
picture I'll show you no evidence right
I showed you no evidence and you still
believe that someone drew this picture
you still believe that right you believe
that someone did this without me even
telling you someone did this am I right
or am i right
yeah somebody had to make that yeah and
this world who had to make this world
somebody right
so what we were talking about I don't
know you're just any more points to
prove your belief of your disgusting
religion Adam you do that because your
mentality this is your mind like there's
something wrong with you or no nothing's
wrong people they pretty much yeah you
probably be a people all the time well
you never been to somewhere what you
seem like that be somewhere to know
happens yes you do
so what you see in the media that's true
that's true too
so when you see Isis is Islam and
they're killing all these people that's
true too yeah
because you see it so you need to be
more open like open your mind up listen
you know saying listen open your mind up
and be refreshing your being too proud
everybody no no you're being too
stubborn you're being too stubborn
that's why you're not like thinking do
you have any brothers or sisters who you
live alone or something or what they go
Chad buddy there for my parents what do
your parents think about you
fucking disappointed but oh well
I don't believe them we don't believe at
the same time you're still 17 I feel
like there can be a time for you to
change and become like a positive person
you're still young
maybe when you're 19 20 you can become
that person and you can you know see
light and see life and real and now not
the negativity that you're spreading
today because I just to be happy do you
have any Muslim friends or no do I have
any no actually no no I don't know why
are you judging Muslim say in saying all
this bad stuff about them when you don't
have when you never even met anybody
who's Muslim
how would a to me I never find you a
decent
yeah I didn't yeah so why are you saying
Muslims are disgusting why are you
saying Muslims or killing people they're
killers that Muslim how you met did he
kill you you seem fine you seem alright
I want you to apologize to the 1.6
million people you offended by doing
that I want you to say sorry
what 1.6 billion people already watch my
fucking video 1.6 billion people are
Muslim in the world alright so I just
want you to actually be a man and man up
and give an apology if you can I fast
there's something wrong about any other
religion and I made a mistake like that
I'll apologize yeah conversation yeah
well post it online
let's see people's response and you know
I'll consider that apology I'll consider
it very well yeah you know what yeah I
do want I am feeling all this negativity
sometimes you know gets really tiring
I'm thinking you know if I allow Islands
in my life
fuck thanks my change would better
so many people you'll help me out right
you help me find a past winner whenever
I want any Islam advice I'll come get it
for you if you want you know some like
real Islam advice read the Quran an open
mind way don't read it Google Wave read
it in your own your way with your
mentality at least if you don't if you
don't like the religion don't disrespect
it like that just be a man just be
mature don't disrespect it by tearing
the hole down like that because I
wouldn't ever tear something of yours
that you love or anything like that so
that's why I went this apology from you
an interesting offer if you want peace
in my heart I just want you to give the
apology I just want you to have a clean
heart and I just want you to not like
spread any negativity cuz I've seen even
on your Twitter you're spreading
negativity even about a dummy gang even
about the people mad and then you
reacted and another way trying to get
the people watch my muse even worse
don't disrespect the people who watch me
the reason why they had a reason to say
what they wanted to say because of what
you were doing and if you would
apologize right now it'll be called like
it'll be done that's it you seem like
you can't have an open mind you just
need I feel like you're trapped at home
or something like that no you don't have
no long knowledge that people are giving
to you so I'll be the first one to give
you that positivity that knowledge and
whatever you want to ask you let me know
as long as it's not in a sarcastic way
I'll be there for you and I'll be
waiting on that apology before if you
can I would appreciate it if you do that
just a few just you know you know take
that disrespect feeling away that was
really disrespectful man really really
it's like someone's taking one of your
family members and doing nasty things to
them
ah I see you have you have a heart or no
yes if I didn't have a heart I wouldn't
be able to survive that's science I want
you to have a heart and have peace I
want you to stay positive so you're
calling Muslim saying that we're
disgusting with us in that but when
you're bashing other people it just
gives you a bad look they just gives the
a the Atheist people a bad look if
you're positive in saying like you know
man I'm an Muslim is an amazing opinion
that's it you can be respectful that way
then people respect you go Billy I'm
cool they'll talk to you in a nice way
anything like that but when you do
something bashing it won't get you
nowhere come on bitch get you anyway
these these people were telling you go
bash that religion go bash it that's
that's not that's not the people you
should be around though to be honest
aside when I was seventeen I say hang
out with the wrong people and I snoozed
stupid shit just like you I'm gonna end
this right now here and I really hope
you can come out with like do me give us
a huge huge thumbs up because there's
gonna be a bunch of haters we're dislike
and especially the people who guess how
much you asked out beat them and give it
a thumbs up but hopefully I miss he sees
I don't know what's gonna happen I'm no
he's gonna do he said he's gonna think
about it but hopefully Shella it goes
well I'll keep you updated way it does
so hopefully inshallah it goes well now
see you guys tomorrow do me gang take
care
piece like
