oh my god you want his pictures crazy
bro oh my god
yo this is what
one two three we gotta do it in sink no
sink like the boyfriend like in sink
like always got to do it together
hi one two three go Hey I'm so sorry
myself my back don't mess it up
one two three go Hey I hope you're
having an amazing day because we're
having an amazing day so if we're having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy
dumi game we always mess up the intro we
try to do it together always hope you
guys are feeling great today if you guys
are not having a great day then
hopefully this vlog takes away all the
stress and makes you guys feel better do
me a let's not have goodbye by giving it
a giant thumbs up
don't turkey do not forget to subscribe
because we upload every single day to me
Hank I need you guys to listen to Remo
Massey because ready yes for today we're
gonna pull the invisible prank on my dad
baba sali as you guys know my dad is 68
years old oh did I ask you feel like if
we try this invisible prank on him it'll
be pretty funny because he's gonna be
like what the heck is going on I'm gonna
need help from Remo and Munson you guys
are pretty much get a protect me for my
back okay are you guys gonna protect you
from my dad yes
what if my dad hits me what are you guys
gonna do baba Salah the reason why we're
doing this is because we love you
and also Obama silac you always have the
funniest reactions so Baba
your next do me gang so I want to give
you guys a little theme for today's vlog
the theme is to not trust people too
quickly always keep your eyes open stay
whoa I promise you guys there
be a person in your life or even people
in your life that are gonna call you
your brother your sister your family
they'll say they love you but all
they're doing is chat and shit and as I
said on my Twitter I'd rather have four
quarters and 100 pennies I mean I'd
rather have one dollar bill set up 100
pennies so you guys know who's my four
quarters in Douma gang
look who I'm with the one the only Bob
Sala in a building Hydra level okay how
does it feel for me to always like you
know be home and like mess around it
yeah good so good you wanna mess around
the truth no problem you love it love yo
but today I'm about to do something
crazy like what I'm about to make you
invisible no further this is a trick
that I can do it I can make you
invisible what is this what is that you
give him that I was like a cashier and
register they got money let me see the
money
oh wow must enter ream you guys want to
see a magic trick
yeah how much is this that's five how
much is Mawson all right now watch this
I'm gonna eat it and then my pants take
it out oh the real five dollar bill now
I'm gonna do with this guy's like
muffins try to make money look ten
dollars right here how much is this you
want to give you a real ten okay now
watch this go like this go like that
okay this time you can just put in my
hand say abre Kazan say say Oh migos
what the heck is over there you going
look here now go like this now check
your pockets check your left pocket take
out what you got your left pocket
take it out and tell me what it is what
is that oh man my dude is trying to take
all my dummy gangs so the kids are
upstairs because they have school
tomorrow is what they're taking a bubble
bath and they need a wake up for school
tomorrow
I have no one to protect me dumaguete
but I promise you guys I'm the prank
master and I'm gonna pull this invisible
prank on my dad off so this is how I'm
gonna do it because I need to take a
picture so I'm gonna take a picture of
myself not a selfie wise but I'm gonna
take a regular picture like this so I
can show them after so you can see that
he's invisible those do ready set all
right guys I think I got the picture I
need to get me a little blanket so I can
put it over him and make him disappear
really curiously I react because I've
done it on my main channel to jam and
wasn't this time is gonna be on bobbles
all right guys the good thing is it's
kind of late night my dad is probably
gonna freak out and think I'm some kind
of magician I got this blanket over here
then bring my dad down right now I
already told him how I'm gonna do the
invisible prank on him and I'm gonna
turn him invisible so do me Aang let's
get it started
thumbs-up and subscribe Hey
I need you to sit down here just sit
down just man all right so have you
returned invisible or no good huh you've
turned invisible for do you know what's
invisible yeah I'm gonna make you
disappear
oh okay what do mean how are you gonna
disappear like I got secret like powers
motility gimme gimme girl okay who wants
to get AB see Kapow hi gomez good grab
the house I'm a superhero hello trust
you know what no no no I'm not great the
question will tell you I'm gonna show
you okay so it's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna put this over you then after
dammit take it out and then you're gonna
be gone
who are you you gonna be gone not me I
Bob you ready yeah buddy okay I presume
you can make Baba this one to you where
the hell did he go yo you did what -
bummer
oh my god Babu me bring you back sit
down if I'm gonna bring you back sit
down sit down
okay sit down what the heck oh yeah yo
anything a picture what you're not a
killer with the Hank oh my god busy oh
my god you're despicable
oh my god yo this is what you up oh my
god
oh my god visible with that who's
touching my hair
to me that is the best oh I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry okay I would do I'm
sorry all right
can you say thumbs up yo we were mad at
you but still you supposed to protect me
yeah you too boy you guys are punks
you guys gonna protect me at all y'all
never see what then go in like that do
me game if you guys enjoyed supply make
sure you guys give it a giant thumbs up
and go Turkey do not forget to subscribe
I'm mad at you guys both of you guys for
not protecting me now left me for a
bubble bath no no those nice like what
up what up yeah
Remo - but still I'm not messing where
she's hitting me boys
that's that look at Boyd ganging up on
both of them again our little boy huh
guys I think the black here I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I love you guys
