he drools like a gallon of drool oh
listen hey guys what's up and do me yank
I hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me
dang I'm getting ready to head to sha
city in a few I'm gonna be there for
literally like a day and a half got some
meetings to handle then after that the
movie trailer is finally gonna be out I
believe there's three days to go I
cannot wait for you all to watch it and
feel to have all the information on it
seriously I'm so so excited about it
guys look at my shirt I only love my bed
and my mom I'm sorry
50 dub yeah I got it tatted on me now I
don't really have any to tell because if
I do my dad will beat the crap out of me
you have any parents but if I were
allowed to get tattoos I'll probably go
one right here like you know my neck or
my arm
dumi yang this is literally my chill
spot every single day for like 20 30
minutes I'm always on like this swing
where I go back and forth and I don't
slim he filmed this video where he snuck
it to my house and the video was so
creepy as hell because I can see
everything that I was doing so it was
kind of really scary there was one point
where I came here and I was just going
back and forth and everyone was like
what the heck why are you doing that
I'll literally do that just to like
think and just enjoy the clouds I enjoy
the Sun enjoy the weather it's like my
thinking chair you know what I'm saying
I need to do a reacting video to the
video that slim did because I was doing
so much dumb stuff and I was making
myself seem like an idiot but if I react
to I feel like you guys were to see how
it makes sense like I was just working
out and then washing dishes I want to
tell you guys why I was doing everything
I was doing I didn't know Slim's butt
was freaking height and filming me man
it's all good in the hood slim I'm gonna
get you back big time guys Baba Salah is
here I just want to say Friday is the
best day of the whole freaking week is
it yeah you like Friday's yeah
Friday's Mother's Day drama yeah it's
Friday I hope you have an amazing Friday
to do me guy I'm about to show you guys
the craziest thing ever this is like
probably a new invention so I'll show
you guys in the next shop be ready it's
kind of weird so as you guys know I have
a peel box so I'll let my brother check
yesterday he brought all the stuff so
huge shout out to everyone who brought
his stuff letters chocolate everything
that you guys bring thank you guys so
much all inside of my room I'm gonna
open them day by day once I come back
Chicago but a do me getting this one
kind of like was kind of different was
kind of standing out so I guess a lot of
you guys know that I smoke hookah which
is not good don't smoke hookah but I'm
always on my shisha slash hookah vibes
so someone gave me this guys look at
this it's called a lolli tip I'm not
even joking this is the tip of a shisha
and it has like a lollipop on it so
while you're smoking you're also having
a lollipop I don't know I don't know how
to feel is this weird or is it a genius
idea cuz you get to have a flavored
lollipop while smoking a hookah look I'm
gonna open it up look at this man a
lolli tip seriously a lollipop with the
freaking tip of a seashell like what the
hell is opening up all right whoa sticky
what the heck yo this is a legit paint
what that this is what the heck is this
oh my god guys what the heck look I
don't know this is summat right out well
obviously I don't have my shishani but
usually you gotta have your t-shirt I
don't know if it's cool it might be it
might be kind of cool in a way I don't
know then you put it in and then you
start like wow psycho flavor wow this is
it's pretty dope yeah this is pretty
dope actually yeah has like a oh wow
this is a legit lot what came up with
this invention that's all I want to know
who comes up with these stuff man this
is so weird I don't know like I don't
know this is just too extra fee like
what do you guys think in the comments
below seriously this is a hookah tip my
bad it's a lolly tip that's crazy man
people just come up with some new
inventions for no reason but you never
know this might be like a freaking
million dollar invention and it might go
big and if it does go big you know where
you heard at first atom solid blogs oh
wow pretty creative and at the same time
pretty stupid let me know what you guys
think about this in the comments below
for now I'm gonna just use it like a
regular lollipop Wow alright guys let me
give you guys a fun fact and it's kind
of a bad habit of mine but every week I
buy five boxes of boxers so that's 15
pairs of boxers every single week that I
get because once i take off my boxers
it's like it just disappears like it's
like a magic trick it's just gone and i
need to get a new one so i got all these
for the week i really hope these ones do
not vanish because i actually like these
boxers and it's a really bad habit for
me to make my box
disappeared watches they don't really
disappear as just after I'm done using I
just literally just throw it I know I
know I know it's pretty dumb I admit it
is and another dumb thing for me is that
I still don't have my license and I need
to get a car real soon because I use
uber every single day and it's not that
good because I can get a fire this car
and spend less than what I do on uber
every single day so do me I say to in my
whip coming soon after I got my license
which is really soon guys look who I'm
here with the homie Ollie was so guys
one thing that I really loved by Olly is
that he's the happiest baby ever
he's always so happy and so smiley
mashallah you see that smile huh let me
see that smile did he see that you know
Lucy that's more now me I say I do me
gang but the only thing is he drools so
much like like I drink like a gallon of
water a day he drools like a gallon of
drool oh listen what happened what you
trying to say huh trying to talk to me
ah I grab my beer oh he's always so
excited what you excited about what cus
hey your mom in he's really good hey yo
my man what's up how you doing you good
yeah I feel like he's trying so hard to
talk stop putting he loves putting his
hand in people's mouths stop stop it's
nice
say bye and we see you guys soon oh look
at that just look look ah
OPA guys every time there's a new baby
in the family they're always with my dad
or mom Ally's literally always with my
dad you like Baba sali you love Baba
sali
hmm so what do you talk about with you
and Ali
mmm school hello hello look it's like he
knows my dad had a head it finally hello
bye-bye happy baby I'll see you soon and
I I'm gonna get his face there he's just
like yeah he wants a fight you wanna
fight come on G come on let's go oh okay
each other's heads okay boy
Dubey gig I just got to Chicago I'm so
sad because I'm alone but my meeting is
tomorrow afternoon I'm going back to New
York City tomorrow night's I'm only here
for real quick I'm heading to the hotel
right now so I'll see you guys at the
hotel in the next try to do me out yeah
a doobie gang I finally got to my room
here in Chicago let me give you guys a
little mini hotel room tour it's pretty
small but it's pretty dope it starts off
here you got the low couch after that
the bed right there with a view oh I
love how there's a window right in front
of the bed and the TVs in the side that
is dope I could just sleep oh look at
this view this view is sick it's an area
called wicker park here in Chicago I
heard it's a really dope area it looks
beautiful kind of looks like in New York
but like an olden day New York why is
there curtains over there let me see oh
hey they got M&Ms and Pringles I hope
it's not one of those hotels if you move
it they charge you like 10 bucks for an
M&M but I'm taking this peanuts and
taking that Pringles up yo what the heck
why do they got 90 year old slim here
guys we found the old slim in Chicago
someone he's nine years old oh my god
I'm just joking I love me some bathrooms
right here the bat was pretty long he
was pop it was good Chicago Shaw City
I'm out here only for like 24 hours so
I'm pretty sad can't get to stay here
longer but hopefully next time I get to
stay alone I missed Iraq so much this is
it I'm here at do me yeah but they had
to sleep in a few because I'm so so
exhausted I didn't know the flag was
giving me that long but it do me in
tomorrow I'm doing a video I'm finally
doing the reacting to fan edits video so
make sure you guys tweet me or tagging
me somewhere on instagram tag me like
the dopest edits if you want to
recommend someone like recommend the fan
account
tweet it to me tweet me as much as you
can cuz I want to find the coolest edit
so I can make a dope video and I want to
react to it because you guys always make
some dope edits and I always look at I'm
like whoa like what kind of freaking
editing programs do you guys use you
guys use some next fish and it looks so
cool and I'm so thankful for you guys so
make sure how to tweet me on Twitter tag
me on Instagram I'm gonna end the vlog
here really hope you guys enjoyed this
vlog I got some business to take care of
here in Chicago that I'm heading back
for a big wedding so stay tuned on
Sunday there is a big wedding and then a
Monday you guys will see the vlog for it
you're gonna see me soon
no I'm saying thank you guys for your
love and support and do me and do not
forget to subscribe because I'll upload
it every single day I'll see you guys
tomorrow
as usual do me a I love you take care
and peace I love Chicago I look to shots
in low key I'm feeling Chicago I'll see
you
