hi guys I just washed my hair my bun is
this I finally have a turban I'll be
good is the reveal now
what is pop in the duma gang i just got
to the city i am ready to take the
chance
it is finally sunny was raining all day
so I feel like today should be a good
day
it should be a good chance so do me I do
not know what I'm gonna do all my hair
but the homie ISA he's coming through
with me he's telling me either silver or
white we're gonna see how it goes I'm
waiting till he come after that we're
gonna head there and take our chance
together cuz I don't want to take it
alone guys I got small this police car
is my god
doughnuts hey doughnuts butter doughnuts
it's good
yo I just got to the sink donut spot I
may eat some donuts before I do my hair
look at this man
hey come iced coffee here right a velvet
donut chocolate donut let's go but dog
look at the floors
don't all right guys I just met up with
the homie east-southeast and say what
else what's going on yo ready for today
yeah first of all say thank you so much
for taking the chance with me as you
guys know I always change my haircut
ever changed your hair color enough when
I was like maybe ten ten ten no and I
was like cold son eight or son in or
something we're gonna spray something in
here the Sun turns your hair orange oh I
had that before I've done that before
today we're like actually changing out
what color you're doing it okay I might
do a gray streak a great shake I'm not
sure though I don't know I don't know
what you have I'm gonna decide there um
our appointment at 7:00
we're actually five minutes late but
it's all good you know come in
fashionably late you know I'm saying
this all fashionable you always like
that you always like a fashionable it
almost here so I'll see you guys in the
next shop Julie gang I just got here
about to start going first kind of
nervous
everyone's getting a hair done I don't
know what color I madhubala this is my
hair right now with nothing on it it'll
be nothing on my hair I'll be gonna do
highlights they need to fix up my hair
I'm waiting for it to grow so the curls
can come out more
throw me a brand new Adam & Gumi game I
like a mess right now but hopefully it's
a good blow up remember what he did my
pick but today I don't know Thailand I
don't know what this we'll see how it
goes this guy's beasts are you ready
room yeah you got it
don't be scared bro I have some of your
water and you'll be good no you shout
out to Crystal she was here a few years
ago she did my hair to Kate she always
hooks it up so we're gonna see how it go
this time my hair is gonna be down so
hopefully so well your one who's gonna
look though y'all want to get really
good farm ready
so after sample my hair
hi guys I just got shampoo on my hair I
thought since I shower ready I don't I
don't think showers I doesn't stay yo
you're about to go next so they have to
shampoo it is my hair is so dark and
they needed to get lighter you know
faster if my hair is just super dark
guys we're going through the process
right now is it the leach process
process yeah this a few stages so
follows we're doing crystal we're gonna
hook me up and give you you know
makeover why is it cotton balls on me so
this so it does things on your outfit
they're giving a pilot interest in
Haaretz
plastic
protect it hi guys to make my hair a bit
lighter got to stay like this
very good maybe 20 minutes and after
that is another step and another step
there's a lot of steps so stayed too
much when it give you guys the process
you know saying if the ladies know how
it is you know say but I look like a old
lady right now eat something you like a
uniform I love you is here so long hi
guys it's been like 15 minutes you guys
slowly gonna see like a little blonde
eNOS a little whiteness like i'ma show
you guys right now
Casilla slowly coming back I still need
to get a haircut
shape up let me get myself a crazy
extreme makeover Mina homie es I'm
waiting right now we're also going to
eat some sisters wedding this weekend so
it's gonna be really really dope hi guys
look you noticing my blonde this is
coming yo so his hair is longer so maple
aluminum Floyd is and his hair is a bit
lighter than mine spin some reps right
now so you should have meeting here
rainbow like 6 9
now looking at the most impatient man
I'm so impatient
I believe in just wait here like cowards
oh my guys going more wide my hair still
looks so weird
we're talking my Eminem and MGK who you
go for Eminem I'm DK no I really don't
know why they're trying to try to stay
the MGK you know got credit and stuff
like that model I don't really think
like really
minam is a legend literally a legend I
know I know
guys we've so in the process getting it
even lighter after this what do we what
goes on like so hopefully we make it as
white as possible and then we take me to
the sink to put on this silver toner let
me go eat some I feel yeah we got the
home we fighty fighty say what up man
come over there what's up bro I got to
do another like 15 20 minutes so it can
be platinum with white and not that
either gonna be silver my hair is kind
of really dark hi guys I just washed my
hair oh boy I feel like I have a turban
over here
is there a bill now bill should be not
seriously I was about to go to sleep
while there's a shampoo in my hair and
it's gonna look cooler when it's dry
this is still session one is kind of
like silverish blondish I might have to
come again tomorrow or maybe any time
soon to make it even lighter but I like
it like this because it's not too much
especially like last time I made it pink
in the look they're just too much this
looks you know how long we really here
hours I'm excited I like the way it's
not even done yeah yeah like the color
already has gonna come on I feel like a
different person you meet with this
kaveh mean again the top time is corny
like no I'm like no way like really hard
like some like that like at policies is
that like really like yeah that's what
his half-size come up but he's asking
okay sometimes you know Hispanic side
comes out of some tuxes but yo like
loving this man this is so different but
I love it like actually you can I go you
look good
Thank You Man what do you think don't
lie to me ready
you don't think I need to get it right
no I think it looks dope yeah I like it
right
so
smile yeah people like that this music
is that funny like you bet to be on the
runway I love fighting man thank you so
much grows up well next time you guys
ready yeah we're gonna see definitely
most have like crystal thank you so much
thank you again stop hiding my hair
until it's all officially done
but the homie me some is almost done in
his hair it's looking beautiful I know
look at that bro it looks dope on me
it's so sick I like hi guys I already
know all the roasts and people tweeted
me all these pictures that are gonna try
to violate me are gonna start coming out
already the homie fighty he's already
trying to do that but thinking that my
hair is still in the process of looking
good I promise
alpaca
just like a girl with the lady over here
now the servicing man it's been a crazy
experience I'm so glad I changed my hair
color Adobe yang I'm finally back home I
just want to say that I'm so so happy
with my hair I just need to get a
haircut a little shape up take a shower
tone up my hair probably use some oil on
my hair this is the color of it right
here this is the color of my hair it's
kind of like a grayish to a blonde dish
like yellowish look it has like a little
mixture but nothing's cool it's a color
that I never really had so I feel like a
brand new Adam right now now I want to
give you guys too much oh my god well my
hair's freaking green up a case over aka
copper aka dirty blonde let me know what
you guys think in the comments below
should I keep my hair like this or
tomorrow should I just go and just make
a lighter or should I keep like this for
a few weeks and then a few weeks later
I'll let it go lighter so I feel like
right now it looks cool not too light
not too crazy so let me know in the
comments below than that I'm ending this
vlog here make sure you guys give it a
giant thumbs up and do me a and go
Turkey do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day thank
you guys so much for I love it support
that you guys show every single day
seriously I love you guys doomageddon
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace
I love
