hey guys Josefa do me gang i hope you're
having an amazing date because I'm
having an amazing day so over five
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazingly so today's topic
then I'm gonna be talking about is love
like I want hey guys what's up at the
beginning I hope you are having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
day so right now across the slim they're
really mad at me because we're going out
to get breakfast and they think I'm
dressing up all cool to go get breakfast
I'm just gonna get breakfast I would
have slippers like I don't have
something we're gonna go have breakfast
I don't know yeah so I did some shopping
yesterday and home shopping on the
travel house that spent like 20 dollars
like put it on a toaster
I don't got 5 o'clock this is the boat
ok you guys will never guess how much
take on it so much okay I mean all of
them say it's four digits I stop
whenever I go shopping I get a new shirt
some always touches it and you like pull
these like yo you know how much you guys
like more you know like he pulls out my
crotch it's got a loser like if you get
in if you have a newborn baby you
wouldn't want someone but if you have a
new one baby you wouldn't want someone
to like you know grab your baby be like
hey come over here right because you
mess it up the shirt I get lost don't
like it love you something about you
don't break it don't wrinkle daddies
would that means what you know no I'm
saying don't wrinkle my shirt bro that's
it
look at my show uppercut you
no donation wow man I'll take my singing
back we're still looking for breakfast
sting looks so cool
I want to go inside this thing oh hi hi
heart hear me out
hey listen I know this is supposed to be
but it's time like a mirror a mirror
thing or something like how does it
emerge I don't know who we're gonna get
some food and I'm gonna show them
something it's a little riddle I'm gonna
see how smart you guys alright it's a
riddle test I want to test them to
smarter that's how though the only thing
is that using Hughes
record your it let me show you
I'll show you guys the riddles this
pipeline this big line
I want you guys to add five lines to
make a nice as five lines to make up a -
that is the Riddler doing nice to make
it none add five lines to make nine to
make a night that Pizza Margherita chips
that's not a rope that's a little number
nine one two one two
right over here say hi hi
there's a closi hi hi I love you I love
you too what's that what's that share
the link do periscope oh hi guys so we
run back to the apartment because there
was a really depressing mood so I got I
got to go on periscope and you guys do
me getting all you guys seriously face
them in a much better mood because I
needed your help too not just me because
sometimes I feel like the annoying guy
trying to make him feel happy so yeah
look I love seeing other people's
tomorrow
I love seeing other people happy I hate
it when I secure matters sad especially
their your close friends or your family
stuff like that I'm always I feel like
I'm the one that like I always try to my
best to make other people smile but
whenever I'm feeling down no one comes
to me I'm not I just feel like that like
no one like this where does everyone
down I'm sad what if the place is closed
but as a beautiful sunset it's a
beautiful sunset beautiful only did it
go I shouldn't jump in at once we said
this is a little bit camera that's how
you know something better when it says
speaking Spanish okay so if you guys are
not awesomest on a transformation line a
diet to month transformation and I
really think it's gonna do the opposite
I mean I'll be back before after like
you lose weight and you get cut up this
give you the opposite because he's been
eating a lot look brownies not brought
her she brownies everything you know he
had this whole thing with the glass of
milk anything to share the milk with me
from sure he's gonna be like and then he
flies do you like your guys I'm honest
two months yeah I'm motivated
I'm more than he shuts off the camera
he's know my stuff yeah
you know what this is a workout you know
if you want a two-month transformation
you gotta go to the gym or something
right bro we have no to Miami this is
think I'm talking to you like yeah we
got your headaches you know you work
something that's not kind of steady
what's up it to me again so summers
outside right now cupcaking with this
girl down the phone I've been on the
phone for like 20-30 minutes
I came up with this cool idea I'm gonna
pretend that's awesome I was you gotta
have enough black footage somebody
didn't do a little rant so I do have
like fetish Bob I'm a pretend I'm doing
a rant while I'm doing this where I'm
gonna pretend there's like this little
ghost that move like an item or an
object behind me stuff like that so I'm
gonna make one cos move something while
I'm doing the rent and while I'm editing
the right I'm a making commotion like yo
oh my god oh my God look what happened
do you see it do you see it and I'm
gonna see his reaction
and we'll see how it goes let's do this
ghost I'm longing to go don't be scared
of ghosts only be scared of God no I'm
saying don't be scared it goes because
if you're scared of ghosts becomes you
hey guys Josefa do me gang I hope you're
having an amazing gig because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazingly so today's topic then I'm
gonna be talking about is love like I
want a lot of you guys to always show
love and to be like lowborn okay he's
outside right now I'm not talking on the
phone I'm gonna stay here everything
until he comes in
this city mostly sweetie stop what I'm
talking to you saw the camera book you
saw any camera will look uppercut yo
something ready working out yeah come
live
yeah I'm boots up that's it
shampoos set up shop owner there are
something crazy but I'm opposed down
here just like that
now I'm posted with the red I'm gonna
write on it I'm I talking about it
something am i filming talk about it
do you think
I was joking
senior pill that made me feel so much
come on
I'm gonna put it one my gosh I'm gonna
end the vlog here I'm gonna make him
into a stronger stronger person he's
gonna be strong individual promise he's
gonna be strong strong individuals so
yeah sure yeah and I'll make him you'll
be some your own thing no more okay you
can't live without goes anyways if you
guys did enjoy this black make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go some turkey
thumbs up you guys excited for wind
tomorrow so give me a crazy activity
it's like you go on water and you fly up
all the way up high and the water goes
well so hopefully wake up on time
hopefully we get to do it so on that so
you guys tomorrow take care of me hang a
picture I like
I'm here for you they're always a family
I'm sure that those tears let me write
them away I know that's what you say
