the Orewa back at it again with the
glow-in-the-dark shoes they are Rema
Rema back at it again with the groaning
shoes hey guys what's up and do me gang
I hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing that's our
time so five having an amazing you all
should be having an amazing they Jamel
isn't having an amazing day can you tell
the world why aren't you having an
amazing day I do want to take you out
but mom said we can't go ice-skating
because so why do you want to go no we
always go check your cheese you know I'm
feeling tired let's just go to sleep
yeah let's just go to sleep
yeah why don't you listen to me you
don't even call me I'm oh you're even
call me nothing like you don't even say
nothing to me oh now you love me huh
Oh cuz I'm gonna take you I know you
love me huh okay okay I'll take you okay
we're gonna go out we're gonna go okay
okay okay okay alright guys so we're
gonna head out today I'm gonna take out
Reema and you're mad we're gonna have a
little chill out matter of fact I'm
never gonna take them out I just go to
sleep I'm gonna take them up peace guys
he go who broke the door huh hi there
break he's fixing the door my brother's
dog I'm broken I was it me - Sam I swear
wasn't me last time it was me I got like
a hammer you shouldn't give him a door
huh no no don't give him a door because
every time I come and he likes me out
anyways still waiting here to get the
door fixed
let's get him break in a week fix it
don't give you those bunk just got at
the uber good man let's go we're heading
to I don't know to be honest I don't
know we're gonna go ice skating I don't
know if we're gonna go hey begin this
was so much traffic literally like 40
minutes of traffic we could have had a
10-minute walk or a five-minute drive
cause of a traffic but then the drive
end that I've been about 30 40 minutes
and it's kind of rainy today but we're
still gonna be out chilling we're here
in Rockefeller Center and I think the
ice skating rink is closed ice skating
is goes oh my god
he was really good for the luggage
you guys wanna go to the Lego some play
with Lego Lego store is here let's go to
Vegas oh come on the crazy thing is I
never been to the Lego store in my life
in the one in New York so we're gonna go
to a take home oh well it's so much Lego
you're literally all titles like this
every single color every single
everything what then
guys thumbs up before Mihrimah Japan to
do the Lego challenge where we put like
so much Lego on the floor or just do
like crazy stuff and just like literally
yeah Lego challenge
I made the school my joy here would you
make okay Jimmy
just like that
juh man always has to leave with
something so big increase let's go Rima
she's gonna put those together I'm gonna
play with them too it's your Madison's
gonna play with it but we're also gonna
do a Lego challenge with it I don't know
I'm still thinking about it we got to
see how it is mother
oh the ice skating the ice candy people
are skinny let's go ice skating guys
getting yes yes guys screw this we're
gonna go ice skating we're the only ones
that gonna guys standing in the rain so
I don't care
then even how to walk in it normally
where did it go guys ready wait wait oh
I'm so excited student to go in for the
first time in ice skating rink so let's
see how it goes are you excited to guys
kidding yes this is her before face
are you excited they go for the first
time yeah let's go on
alright we're gonna see their first step
I'm going tonight so come on let's go
this is gonna be so funny come on come
on let's go oh love why you relying on
me you guys went to the guys skating
right my mom scared them she said we go
ice skating you're gonna fall down and
somebody's gonna slice your hand now he
never wants to go ever again
myself it'd be going good
where you guys from hi I didn't see it
oh nice let's go this is my Arabs can't
go ice-skating with FEMA good see you
got it thank you so much so tell me do
you love ice skating
they just oh come on man I'm sorry I'm
so sorry
thank you remar you good wow you made
new friends you let you forget about me
let go alone Angola there go go Jimmy
let's go go go go faster come on go
faster come on
okay though it's organized in Holcomb as
in stop no fighting no fighting guys
this is the best thing ever because they
were bothering me so much this morning
it feels so good to laugh at them what's
up with you gonna beat me up at home
look I'm gonna teach you guys go like
this one leg goes up another leg like
this yeah that's too low and you guys
good job bring me guts no no you had to
slick he did it he did it try it just
try it Tommy skip
we might excited to go ice-skating
he's doing good look like you're skating
dragon legs Abdullah stanky leg
we're doing do the stanky leg do this
other come my god come at the airport a
little bit prima do you have fun yes
good job
oh you know in this guy you wanna go
again I thought you said you had fun
let's go get it come on no he don't
you're crying in there like you're
crying in there are you you were like me
you think are you a fake crying yes
I thought you were your real crying a
fake wife is gone
get some hot chocolate hey it's raining
so much now I don't know whatever
activity I do lie with The Addams Family
I always like want to go for dessert
like I'm a dessert kind of guy like like
a food go to out of date like I'll take
you out to like a dessert spot like a
chill out well dessert you guys want
chocolate cupcakes ice cream yogurt
which one not crazy it's too cold for
that maybe chocolate like chocolate cake
or something so mad at this place is
closed they have some really good
chocolate it's like chocolate from
Switzerland it's the real chocolate so
we got my mom a gift
yeah and I got myself the gift like this
in Korea because no one buys me gifts so
I'm gonna get myself a gift which isn't
alone
Oh mangas oh wow that look beautiful
like it no I'm late
yeah thank you so much what dream are
you gonna give me gift
I'll give you a gift of leg up do me
gang it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoy this like if you did
make sure your thumbs up and go turkey -
oh my mother died UMI's whoever made it
to the end of this vlog make sure you
give it a thumbs up and let me know if
you guys made it today this vlog because
I truly truly appreciate it thank you
guys so much for the support I have a
couple there's give me a video
announcement I don't know if it's today
or tomorrow about the whole tour I'm
gonna have I'm gonna be having so just
the cities that that is upcoming right
now and I want you guys to stay updated
with it because I have never even
announced it in like the vlogs like
never I'll announce it was on Twitter
Instagram and and Facebook I believe in
some of the shows are even like sold out
already in have enough Sun vlog so I
will let you guys know and stay keep you
guys updated on that and I will not be
going to Miami to see slim because my
mom wants me to stay here stay home so I
decided I'll just stay here and just
chill out you know stay home and just
relax because I've been traveling so
much and I'm just waiting so he comes
back to NYC and I'll see him then so
than that
I'll see you guys tomorrow looming take
care or peace I like you
always a feather promise you that booth
let me write them away okay that's what
you say
