but I was actually thinking about
running away from home it's for you guys
do me
hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day and Umi gang
I literally just woke up a half hour ago
and usually want to wake up I come
upstairs and I see the kids now I know
how they feel when I go on tour and I
leave them alone my dad is usually here
chillin my mom is usually there chillin
maybe baby Ali is here nope baby Ali is
not here where is everyone man hello can
anyone hear me
let me go upstairs because a baby my dad
is sleeping or something I don't know
my dad is not here okay I haven't really
been to my dad's room for so long but
look at his room he got literally the
cabinet all over his room look at this
one kappa Medina right there that's to
another kappa another picture of him in
the cabin right here and two more
cameras right here like I said what the
heck picture of him and Ali this dude
has like a freaking compilation of him
and acaba one of my parents favorite
places to go is literally Saudi Arabia
it's literally like a vacation spot for
them yeah we just got sunny out of
nowhere New York weather is back I never
showed you guys this is do me a feel
like I'm invading my dad's room but look
he had a picture of his father which is
my grandad do you guys know what I
always say Adam Wesson yeah yeah Sally
Adams me must've is my dad's name yeah
yeah is his dad which is my grandpa I
don't know if you has ever seen him but
this is him this is my granddad in Yemen
I believe it was in the early 1900s but
this is crazy man look this is my
grandpa this is my granddad it's so sad
because I never got to meet him in a
light how long he passed away I believe
a year before I was born I never got to
meet any of my granddad's and I wasn't
able to meet my grandma from my dad's
side but I did meet my grandma from my
mom's side she passed away when I was
like 11 12 years old a light hammer ha
she was literally my favorite person
ever I really wish I would have met you
know my granddad he was a judge in Yemen
yup my granddad was a judge like
literally judge in court oh look what
Weston gave my mom you're the greatest
grandma kids all right do me yeah I
guess I'm home alone to start off this
vlog by giving it a giant thumbs up and
do me gang and go Turkey do not forget
to subscribe because I upload every
single day and if you guys have it make
sure you guys check out the main channel
prank video uploaded yesterday I was on
moss and then visible prank I'm planning
on doing this prank on my dad
a lot of guys have been commenting
saying Adam do it on your dad so I will
do it I don't know if I hope enjoy your
I hope it's my family's feet Yusuf have
you doing here bro
yo so it's popping well you come from oh
I'm just taking a jog I sign a jug yes
you want to you love me why did he tell
you about a jog would you you was
knocked out row house I didn't want to
wake you up I don't know what oh my god
man you just for that we fight another
GG it do me again look at this the
weather is beautiful everyone is out
there driving like joggers out there
it's the perfect day to do some back
flips I just always do back flips when I
was younger it's for you guys are doing
again yeah I'm surprised my hat's gonna
fall yeah you know what I really want to
try but I'm scared if I break my neck or
something the back foot without any
hands on the floor like I believe in
myself that I can do that but like I
mean I don't know I don't want to break
my neck or break my a coil you got it
you got it
what if I can't break my leg
how you trying to go to the hospital do
it be careful in that gap I don't really
know how to do it let me try it I would
try do ba don't try this at home
so no hands right I'm having a bad
feeling about this just jump jump really
high and like making news damn man huh
you just can't be scared he's got a
trustee so Bob I'm not scared let's go
oh my hints we gotta go up there oh
pardon
Oh pocket bro it's so hard
yeah y'all I'm tellin you I'm so scared
for I break your bone yeah maybe next
time I'll practice and I come back to
the vlog that I'll show you guys that I
can't do it I just need to practice on a
safe place that you can hurt yourself
here sure I think I want to trampoline
is safe fun guys you she was gonna try
it out oh you ready I'm doing regular
Backman I don't know I don't know how to
do it like let's go you soon trust me
just go oh so close that's pretty close
that's maybe just don't be afraid in oh
no that's pretty close just don't be
scared just just go do it that's yo
a doobie gang I decided since we're home
alone me and Yusuf we're gonna give you
guys some exclusive stories like super
super exclusive no one knows about this
at all it's kind of a long story but
we're gonna make it short is a story
about how I was supposed to get married
at the age of 17 and I'll tell you guys
why I ended up not getting married I was
so close to getting married at the age
of 17 so let me explain to you guys I am
from Yemen my nationalities from Yemen
Yemen is my blood shoutout to anyone
who's from Yemen Yemen stand up team
Yemen without but pretty much in my
family everyone got married at a really
young age I know it's kind of weird but
like it's am anything it's super normal
my older brother got married at the age
of 18 so every one of my family was just
getting married back to back to back to
back like was my three sisters then it
was my brother and after I was told me
they wanted me to get married with my
brother together
I was literally still in high school and
my mom and dad came and told me they
like Adam for getting married with your
older brother Ibraheem yeah I remember
man you were going through a lot I know
like I was I was like what married I'm
like brought lakd I'm 17 he buggin
getting married is like starting a whole
nother like a whole nother life like
literally like you just start a restart
button in life like I wasn't really
ready so for a whole week and my head
I'm like that's it I'm about to get
married this is gonna be an arranged
marriage and like I'm not up for that so
I was thinking about it like what should
I do
I'm speaking to you since I remember you
said at the time he was like 13 14 mean
you said we always we always bond with
each other he's like my little brother
like my actual literal brother shoutout
to me he's my little brother because
never on vlogs we still my little bro
but you so still like my little brother
cuz he's around my age and I was asking
Yusef for advice like I literally had no
one to ask for advice I could ask my
parents I could ask my brothers I could
ask my sisters everyone was just like
yeah just get married like it was
literally that normal and I might add
I'm like this is this is not normal this
is I'm too young for this man I
shouldn't be married I'm so young people
get married at age like 28 27 in like
you know I believe that's a good age
maybe but 17 come on bro Chu I haven't
even went through puberty I look like I
was 11 matter of fact I know when I was
asking for Yusef for advice when you
tell me look I gave you look thinking
about it I gave you bits not bad advice
bro really bad like really bad advice
what was your advice telling us it say
it yeah you say I told you to just run
away start to start a new life by
yourself
this dude told me to run away I'm like
where should I run he's like California
whoa whoa what California one other side
of the u.s. I had no money how am I
gonna go there
how third hero literally I was trying to
come up with ideas I was thinking maybe
that's the best advice that I got like
run away from home so I was actually
thinking like genuinely I know it's bad
and I don't want anyone to think about
this but I was actually thinking about
running away from home and when I had
that thought in my mind I started giving
my family hints like yo if I'm getting
married I'm gonna end up running away
like this is not meant for me like I
would live a miserable life like I'm so
young I had no beard I had nothing here
you and I think you were still starting
good yeah like I was literally starting
my life like I was about to go to
college I was about to graduate and then
I ended up speaking to my parents really
nicely because at the time you know
there were extra strict on me because I
was kind of young and I was really bad I
was like mom dad looked like I'm not
getting married at this age my brother
can get married he dropped out of school
like in seventh grade
I'm just graduating I'm going to college
I'm taking law I'm about to you know
pursue my career and then after that my
parents they trusted me and they let me
slide and then my brother Abe he ended
up going to Yemen getting married and
coming back I was supposed to be with
him like it's pretty crazy I was
probably supposed to be having kids
right now you know like in a wife like
but having to laugh everything happens
for a reason that's when I started
YouTube literally like two months after
I was supposed to get married and now
like six seven years later look we're
here in our new house that no one ever
would have thought I would have ever
gotten any of my family members my
cousin's my second cousins my third
cousins my grandma's uncle my nephews
uncle's dog no one expected me to make
it this far in life so I have good luck
seriously thank you a love for
everything's like blessing me like
literally I'm grateful and I'm thankful
every single day a lot seriously blessed
me to like bless my whole family and my
parents are super super happy and
they're so happy that they didn't decide
to get me married
crying a lot Loki I'm 25 now all they're
doing is like asking me by marriage but
I'm not no not inside about time this
still man give us some time my little
brothers still gonna get married focused
on his marriage and after that maybe
year two maybe maybe if I find the right
one you don't want to rush nothing I
want to find someone that you can
actually you know get married to you
know bond with so yeah that's the story
I was supposed to be married at the age
of 17 and I supposed to have kids while
I was younger than my older brother like
I'm gonna have kids
age of 17 but I would have been in one
of those shows a little atom yeah bra
would've been chaos man might have a
little me time already little and bad it
would have went completely wrong
as I said alhamdulillah everything
happens for a reason next anyone out
there if you're going through anything
similar to this there's always keep your
faith in Allah don't do nothing stupid
if you ever want to speak to your
parents speak to them in a really nice
way don't be rude don't be loud don't
yell always keep calm so yeah Wow now
it's 2018
and we here seriously thank you once
again to every single one you guys shout
out to all my rotted eyes for making me
what I am Who I am today thank you guys
so much like my family's even more
thankful and I'm gonna continue grinding
every single day and I'm a continue
being the boss that I am I'm gonna
continue doing what I do working hard
killin ya and Ishod ah I get married
soon you know 26 27 28 35 36 37 47 49
yeah anyway to all what are you 40 you
did 27 in the 26 you know sin under 30
yeah but uh yeah that was the story like
no one ever knows about now I see videos
saying oh is Adam Salah married is at
Masada have a wife no I'm not married no
I do not have a wife and I was supposed
to be married if I would have accepted
but I decline I do it homie so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this story time if
you guys did it do me and make sure you
guys give it a giant thumbs up let's try
to aim for 30,000 thumbs up and do me
gang
30,000 smash that like button thank you
guys so much for your love and support
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love
