are you gonna be mad at me if I tell you
this okay
Dean that makes me more happy stay and
leave hey guys what's up do me gang I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you home
should be having an amazing day else
what surprised me might be Leahey green
was with me but yeah I'm gonna go
outside we're outside I'm gonna do a
little shopping because I am leaving to
LA tomorrow morning so I'm gonna do
little shopping and I decided to bring a
little mini remo of me so because I'm a
mister so much gonna be out there for a
week come in this is what I hate about
the snow the next day it turns so dirty
and to cross the street you have to walk
through all this
so even hold on to my hand you guys are
gonna watch this you guys gonna watch
this timberlands go get dirty oh my god
oh my god oh my god this is so nice
and now look how much pain this sucks
nice we just got done shopping about the
double pay
Rema got her minions shirt that she
begged fuller cuz i don't know i want to
give Rima like fresh clothes not like
mini in like cartoony i was trying to
pick her out cool dress but she wanted a
minion one so we're gonna go pay for it
and after that we're gonna go see Hamza
and hey I'm gonna go visit them Fargo
come on let's go
don't do that don't know pretty much
stop come on let's go yeah five seconds
to come four three two one lucky we got
lucky this is the last time that I'm
gonna be shopping with three menthe
because this is what she did when when
she wants to go check out do me Hanscom
your head yeah wants to go check out for
the Dominions share and everything she
didn't want to like she didn't want to
get it until she goes to the fitting
room and tries it on so she was going
crazy on the guy in the register say no
no no no no I want to try want to try
want to try my Grima it fits you like
it's that's four years old you're four
years old shake no no I wanna try just
like I do you try I want to try my
Fremont stop you can't do it at this pic
you need to like this go is gonna fit
you so then she ended up trying it and
yeah then they're trying it and as we
came out and finally got it was hectic
so you're never shopping with me if you
go to the book sir I'm gonna take Vemma
born Sandoval book so for a bit live in
the head
we came here to get books like candy or
toys come on we get you a book okay for
you to read we will put it back on let's
go I'm leaving I'm leaving you what's up
with these escalators that aren't
working sucks man no I'm gonna give you
a better book you can read that look
closely read it you got this coming here
for years old you should not really you
got one right close that book let's go
get a book laughing no you're gonna come
and get a book look we found a spot
right here
welcome kids Rima this is welcome kids
which is just for reading gimme a look
at the toy section choose yourself a
book why'd you punch me in the face I'm
innocent
let's go let's go let me come on yeah
what's up yeah throw their hands come on
let's check the back either yeah this is
the place where you take kids don't take
them to the Apple Store
don't take them to Chuck E Cheese take
them here okay
what's this okay frozen you want it do
you know how to read it yeah okay I'll
get you okay even loves frozen so much
guys sweet frozen tell them that reamer
loves you so much do you love frozen a
lot how much do you love them Rima yeah
why cuz they make you happy that's good
Rima do I make you happy do I make you
happy how much who makes you more happy
me or frozen choose one that's it choose
one hurry up
really you know if you choose frozen
what happen now I'm not gonna be mad
Wow Rheem um get it out here you going
home alone peace take care of me
bye Rima are you gonna be mad at me if I
tell you this okay Dean that makes me
more happy stinking leave give me a
surprise so I want to have that Hannah's
house and they weren't home so I had to
come here they're on my house which is
pretty weird well let's go into the
house there would come to mouse I just
want to tell you guys open the door he
was crying
open the door I can't think rimas crying
she wants to go oh she's not getting it
I'm just gonna say I'm gonna miss you
guys I'm heading to LA California for
about a week and I know you guys are my
oldest one of my two oldest nieces and
nephews I have many many more nieces and
nephews if you guys do not know and you
guys will know that in the future
because I'm gonna be uploading maybe
some future videos and when you Rema
room is here crying she wants to see
bovver house this house yeah well take
care of you know what you guys you guys
know what I'm gonna do or not I mean it
fixes me down the side hairline that's
why we do we're gonna make a Burger King
today you know I'm saying you know look
at that hairline broke now get me
started don't you would try to roast me
like that yeah cookie whoa his hair that
looks worse than the blizzard yesterday
is whoa my god boy I need to fix it up
you ready you ready for his makeover we
don't pimp your head you ready sure
definitely
by the way shoutouts and homie I'll be
face up he's one of my cousin's I
haven't yeah I met him before he was a
baby
I'll meet you sooner we can overcome
this zone we all become this hit no
you're nobody
I introduced to you a brand new Hamza
sound again oh man finally got a
hairline this is crazy this is my first
time just giving like hair cuz I didn't
know what I'm doing how can I mess up
his Oh head this is crazy
thumbs up for Barbara Adam I'm here with
that how are you hi baby huh how are you
talk to me what's the one you're gonna
talk you got to give us some
entertainment
oh you think you're a Calvin Klein boy
you think you're a Calvin Klein boy here
at Calvin Klein boy why you stick a
knight tongue huh don't stick out your
tongue at me don't but I said don't
stick out your tongue on me cuz if you
ever do it again if you ever stick it I
said don't we had to give an update on
your gap let's see a gap ready set look
at that gap you see it showed him the
gap you me kiss me kiss me give me kiss
not them they already got a kiss that's
not fair
Oh give me a kiss huh hey another kiss
another one got another one
goodbye give them a kiss mama you got
the cutest kisses what the heck of that
right
what is up a duma gank so i decided to
do a little mini skit right now for the
end this vlog and to show you guys what
my mom does while i vlog because you
guys do not see this and it is hectic it
is crazy it is what is in Italy every
day I clean every single then all you do
under came around
please stop cupped then have the coffee
voice again okay
as I was saying he didn't do a little
mini skit
don't let me ask mom please look I'm I
have to start all over if you keep oh my
gosh delete all the video right now
delete the link okay okay okay as I was
saying I'm gonna show you guys what my
mom always talking about me every single
time you need to stop mom please stop
talking go to another room please go
I'll show your face I'll show them my
face
having a life he show me I'm gonna bring
President Barack Obama to come beat you
up
okay I don't just joke just okay just
chill okay don't show me okay I don't
know what the final F okay I don't know
what the fell in love okay okay okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry okay
so my mom talks a lot while I'm vlogging
she also loves bugging me out like she
loves messing with me and telling me
what to show you guys why don't you show
them the big mess in your room huh show
them the big mess huh give me the camera
I'll show them the big bus shows
anything less you always do I don't
don't say it what are they gonna do
they're gonna clean this up let me know
because all you do is talk about me yeah
you can say whatever you want say
whatever you want cuz I'm gonna cut it
off anyways say whatever you want
because I'm not even joking
this happens every single day every
single day just talk so from her vlogs
like sometimes I might just give her my
camera and let her take over the vlogs
and just block whatever she wants
seriously I'm I feel so bad like not
like showing my mom but mom doesn't want
to be shown on the camera but we'll do
this alright how about this if this flag
reaches 100,000 thumbs up I'll show my
mom in the next vlog so other than that
I'll be wrapping up this vlog I hope you
guys all enjoyed the flag if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I will see you guys tomorrow I'm
gonna be on my way to alert and also
we're gonna be heading to the Bay Area
California for the first time so let me
know in comments below anybody from the
Bay Area we're thinking about doing a
little meeting right there so let me
know if there's a lot of people in the
comments below
from the bay area then I'll think about
doing a meet-and-greet there so hey hey
all right
I love meeting you guys seriously
wherever like new city I go to I love
doing like a little free mini
meet-and-greet something like that to
meet you guys
now see you guys tomorrow take care do
me gang or peace I like you I love you
so much
just want to grab your face kiss you
always a fan that let me right away this
would choose to say
