hey guys we'll stop it do me yank I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day in Dumaguete today
is a really really big day I got a big
meeting what you guys do not know is
that I always have to get things done as
you guys know I'm the founder of win
Finiti and there's always a lot going on
and as you guys know Harris J just got
signs it to infinity there's a lot that
we're working on there's so much stuff
going on behind the scenes so just to
know whatever you guys watch a short
vlog I'm always getting a lot done
because I don't only just do YouTube
also do infinity and do tours I'll be
grinding grinding behind the scenes
behind the scenes of the vlog until I
can show it and announce it you know I'm
saying many ways to do me and today I
have a big meeting that I'm going to in
Brooklyn we need to go chill with the
fam for a bit then after I head to the
meeting and do a crazy prank on Muhsin
and mean Reimer teaming up so I'll keep
you guys updated with that I'll see you
on the next shot guys what's up I with
Rima and Massa say what's up what's up
what weekend do me gang no I do not do
it again it's a do me gang weekend that
is good that's better was Ali he's here
okay guys mean Remo we're gonna team up
and hit the homie Mawson he doesn't all
we're saying but what's up Ali what's
that Bali
what's up boy ma son you gotta be so
wrong don't say my son you don't got to
be so wrong it's gonna be on the main
channel so make sure you guys stay tuned
it will be up I'm going to our meeting
then after that I'm gonna come back to
him how you doing Reema what you do in
school today
nothing you're rolling don't say you're
right I say you roll
i lo
English Nathan I wanna go through Silas
Miami no way you pretended that you was
at Disneyland oh you didn't have to do
it everybody you already went to so many
places like you want to like literally
every Washington DC you want to
Disneyland the year before that remember
guys now it's monsters turn I always
love asking them this question what you
do in school because their answer is
always the funniest especially this dude
right here
Muhsin what are you doing school today
you do a story what else you play with
toys oh what'd you learn what'd you
learn in school nothing you don't got to
move so much when you talk stop moving
so much here whenever you talk to just
us to random stuff like he'll be moving
like this is how Martin talks yeah then
I said I was going outside then I was
going to school and then after like
imagine being grown like this what else
did you do in school your color why are
you talking like that
where you going right now what you go to
the park or even wants to go to the park
I'm going to my meeting are you ready
for tonight just know you're my victim
he does understand what I'm saying but
you're my victim Watson
I'm not victim no don't give me a kiss
and help you won't be lady
I'm with the homie Elise I like the
comics one at the mall what's up what's
up boy do you remember me you're not
gonna cry for me no Lee Lee Lee Lee
okay okay okay okay like here's the good
shorty Rima gotta pick them up to kiss
it
oh we were gonna pick them up together
shorty I generally think I'll leave my
feet taller than Dawson but in the
future okay okay okay you go shorty guys
I like ya guys a fun fact
so when Remo was born life was so easy
because it was just her and I can wake
up and hang out with her all the time
and then mustn became born and it got
kind of hectic because moss and remise
the team is chaos while I was chilling
mustn't I was also chilling with Rima
you know having you know our baby
moments have fun and now Ali is born so
there's three kids around maybe and it's
so hard to like keep up like when I was
just Rima who's just Adam and Rima was
just so 3-month and after that Boston
was born and I got crazy and now with
you it's gonna get even crazier it's
like every year there's a new baby
that's too much which there is we're not
saying anything yet but I'm gonna stay
tuned I have it elicit you go to the
park till he's going to a park yeah I'll
see you guys have fun no no I'm good I'm
good thank you good love you thank you I
do me gay I am back home to homey Mickey
he's asleep right now and like as you
guys you know I have this pregnancy
thing he that I did on my stomach and it
makes me feel like like you're giving
birth like I'm not even joking I tried
it a few days ago and it was insane and
I felt like you know what every man
should feel this so he's sleeping right
now back to going Instagram live
something that I rarely do especially
this late and I'm gonna ask you guys if
I should do it so in the next shot you
guys will either see me doing it or see
me not so let's do it
do me maybe I'm starting something like
a prank war with him but like I don't
care like oh I don't care no was it I'm
the prank master anyway so my thing I
think I'm glad I'm gonna see how it goes
so I'll see you guys in next shot
yeah what was that
first of all first of all I shouldn't
say I'm so sorry
second of all I would say oh just tell
me what it was no no I want an Instagram
why I never go on hits a great line I
went I asked you in black when I was a
public shot should I do it they kind of
they kind of said yes they kind of said
what you were pretty much going through
like a labor like traveling given child
they like labor like link given birth
like it was like the feeling of you
giving birth that's how it feels
yes the worst pain ever oh my god like
it was like it was like I said my
muscles just all like collapsed in
together you know what you're so I'm so
sorry to keep your like the nicest and
I'm sorry man
this is just as what they do for fun
like it just arose so it was like a
chance like we know you just start so
only I see that no not this time
oh yeah say the wrong person trust me
this is a wrong person Nikki I mean if
you think this immediate well University
before my eyes open yeah present give
your my crib the keys
the keep don't say it at the key the key
cuz I'll get you right back right now I
have a cure chase we go seriously that
was the funniest thing ever Nikki like
oh man I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
put some today no no that was me
you're my bed we cuddle me and Nikki I'm
sorry I love you I'm if you ever tried
to get me back trust me that'll be the
wrong decision you don't wanna do that
you don't want to do that I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog I just wanna tell
you guys the main Channel video will
actually be out tomorrow I couldn't do
the video I actually need Nikki to do
the video with me so make sure you guys
subscribe so you guys can stay updated
do not forget to give like a giant
thumbs up
Thank You doom again for your love and
support stay - and for all the other
videos thank you guys so much I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care and peace
a man I love le
