hey guys what's up Badou me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing day so today it is a
freezing super-duper cold day today so
you know we're gonna do we don't go out
in the snow play in the snow for a few
then come back home and have a little
chill out have a little family day for
chill out because I'm leaving to LA
Monday which is tomorrow for you guys
are watching us and didn't have enough
family time so I'm gonna have family
time today you know I'm saying all right
guys so in this blizzard this is my
brother's car right he has to go to work
right now and he doesn't know how is he
supposed to how is he supposed to take
this all up this is crazy
yeah I feel so bad for you nice huh are
you gonna help me
yeah i'ma help you walk the kids like
what the heck oh this is crazy
that's wild
hi guys this is Adam Safi of weather
forecast
as you can see oh my god that's the
police screw the police talk about
bullying we're distracted
we're about to go in the snow about a
foot or two of snow with this blizzard
it is crazy
it is wild let's see how this goes oh my
oh my god this mother's rented ready I'm
gonna do some Trey Songz that ring oh my
god oh my god guys we're looking for a
place to buy gloves but literally
everything's closed
like there's no cars like this the
middle street no cars oh you wanna wear
gloves finally got the glove yeah yeah
my guy has clothes here I got my gloves
I got my steam at sea Salam aleikum
what's up I'm a light they give me
schemas way I got me this is my brother
with Africa what cell phone call
we go to him one day away from one of
you from synagogue says oh my god hey
Sara gasps wake up a lot a car I love a
girl thank you so much my brother feels
like he's about the gold outside me nave
the big guy they go how about the car
look crying you good
look I was out there please there you go
let's do this we ready I don't like to
snow though it's the powdery snow I like
it when it's sticky and you can make
like so man and stuffing you candies
nothing like like powdery let's go come
on porn we're gonna go try to move all
the snow from our brother's car I'm
sorry if you can't hear me this thing on
it I'm gonna try to move the snow we got
this okay sorry can I see nothing wrong
freezer oh my gosh let's go kid you got
to come on let's go this is wild
oh my gosh
this is they don't want to see us take
out the snow from the BMW so you know
what we gonna do we're gonna take out
the snow from the BMW let's see is gonna
make it better snow angel spread your
hands out more hands-on more more MORE
oh yes yes like that gamma mama this is
how you do a snowing
that is how you do a snow angel
whatsapp Adama gang I am back from the
cold the super cold mother and I noticed
that Jimin has a McDonald sign hairline
so I'm like sissy and McDonald sign
hairline Adam Salah is coming to the
rescue
and I'm gonna fix up his hairline so I
got me um I'm gonna give him fresh hair
cause my fresh out giving a haircut it
just bothers me seeing that McDonald's
sign hair like did you just say hey what
so what is it what's the m4 no I don't
if you don't obviously why is there an M
on your head there's an M right here who
is it for
but supposed a girl's name stop see this
an M right no who's this boy son his
name is Izzy who is that no girl okay
okay okay okay you guys are not together
moment that's it can you tell us any
updates on your news okay maybe later
okay okay later I'll give you a car I'm
gonna give him a little faith from the
side and a shape-up gonna be fresh up
there as I wait let me do it before look
straight through the camera this is it
before look at the side this side this
is it before I can do the after okay
ready
please welcome the brand-new Jim belly
let's Jake now you had a hair line week
to design things either side like to the
back shuttling back shuttle my boy head
that way in head to bang in bad idea no
more McDonald Sonya hi guys I know you
guys gonna hate me for this but do you
guys trust me with Mawson's hair yes you
guys do does it look like I'm someone I
can trust with hair yes you guys can do
so now I'm never gonna do we're gonna
put mums in here
okay now I'm done with the homies show
them show them react it look is it good
Yes No maybe so I don't know you told me
Dina those issues are like because it
looks like a big clown feet what
happened Gigi what girls i season the
crazy let's talk about it but let's see
what good are you going to see something
crazy when she isn't crazy let me tell
you guys something about the giveaway
okay be ready and listen because I'm
choosing a winner tomorrow
choosing seven winners tomorrow okay so
I'm choosing one winner from Instagram
and that winner will be chosen from the
video that took belly dancing and
Dominican Republic so the winner from
Instagram will be from there okay
there'll be another winner from YouTube
that will be choosing from YouTube
whoever thumbs up or comments on the
latest main Channel video that is it
I'll be choosing another winner from
there okay on Twitter I'll be choosing
five people on Twitter for a world for
winners whatever like tweets me mentions
me so go to my Twitter down below my
Instagram down with my youtube down
below what you guys do not know which
one like which category will be the
iphone 6s winner it might be I don't
know it might be the second one it might
be the the YouTube one it might be one
of the Twitter ones but yeah I'm not
gonna say which one is the iPhone 6s
winner yeah it's really hard to choose
because a lot of writer died and do me
out there like a lot of you so hard to
choose it's tough no I'll make my
brother choose you gonna choose myself
Marty Susie stop no I needed to begin to
choose the winner for me
listen just a big hug you know pick up I
was snatch it almost snatch it up
holding huh Oh cuz I'm mostly pulled in
here the Dina started crying so then
after that you made came Abe came in
Brian came in and then he like he's he
grabbed Dean about Nike chokes animal to
the floor and he chokes MV another Dino
stop crying yeah but that is such a
monster Hagen he's an awesome hugger Oh
what are you doing
Vina whoa how did you just put in what
the heck does my not my dad is back
she's hugging in that Haven he was crazy
Tina psycho no girls to show off the air
cut how was it was it good fresh no one
with down ass on your line you got the
straight line here and I said you got
you know is it so today it is my nephew
sayif's birthday he's four years old so
I've gotta call him tell him happy happy
birthday and the reason why I barely see
him because he lives all the way in
Brooklyn about an hour away from me
and yeah I'll think about gonna call
Yousef right now and I'm gonna put say
off on the phone say yeah hello happy
birthday happy birthday I'm gonna buy
you the dog say yeah tell me what you
want for your birthday
you gonna buy the doggy I'm gonna buy a
puppy
okay what do you want to name it Looney
your name Looney yeah he's a lawyer like
you
what color do you want the puppy what
color red blue you want a blue puppy how
do you want a blue puppy all right guys
so it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoyed this fire dead make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
Tama Huata died UMI's when I made it to
the end this vlog make sure you give it
a thumbs up I just want to say that slim
pulled a crazy crazy I think it's
probably one of the craziest pranks that
he has ever done on me and what cost
when were in Dominican Republic he
pretended that we were getting robbed
and that our problem was getting robbed
I was so scared I was so worried so if
you guys want this is a little preview
right here
if you guys want to watch the full video
it'll be on his channel the link will be
down below for the full video so make
sure you give it a thumbs up and I'm
still I'm Franco because that's not a
prank but I give him props for that and
yeah I have announcement for Oslo Norway
tickets are now out live down below if
you go to Norway tickets there is
tickets left
ordinary tickets left meet agreed
tickets I'm trying to get more meeting
me tickets for Norway so go check the
link below if there is me tickets and
that means there has been added and I
spoke to organizers to ask some and if
there isn't try to get ordinary tickets
still go me crazy
Adams ratchet tour this world tour is
gonna be amazing the first announcement
that I had was also Norway and next week
have many more announcements for more
cities so make sure you guys I always
tell you guys I always tell you guys
first come first serve and just be fast
because I don't want like you know the
the die-hard ride that a dummy's always
get at first and I want you guys to
deserve it you guys deserve to be there
first and breaks my heart when some
people like you guys are my two that do
means but you got a late and you can't
get me like tickets or nothing like that
you know gets me really sad so I want
you guys to always stay updated and be
on the lookout I'm at I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog take
care of do me gang or peace
always a feather promised you that those
tears let me write them away this would
choose astray
