hello hello is this nominees pizza okay
hey guys what's up you do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so I'm having an
amazing day you should be having an
amazing I'm out here early the morning
I'm up early which is around 12:00 1:00
p.m. which is not really but early for
me me and my brother from another mother
was good but my brother from the same
mother we're going to we're going to
we're going to the BMW car place - I
don't know what are you gonna surprise
me with a new car yeah
you surprise me me me I'm surprised
myself what the heck but yeah he's gonna
he's getting a new car even this even
though this car he has is really good so
look so big has TVs
he's getting another car which I do not
know why and I'm still like confused
about it why he's doing this
but I guess just an Arab thing Jarvis I
feel like sometimes I'm a car because I
don't do these Arabic Allah cool thing
cool things that that you Arabic people
crazy do you just get cars or not want
to go yeah I want to get a BMW to not
want to show them with the Xbox and I
want to get this one and that one I'm
like what the heck is going on really
I'm just here so you know I'm still
trying to get my license I'm still
trying to get my license but my new
year's resolution for 2016 is to get my
license and to get it I am gonna get our
promise and get a car or probably steal
one of my brother's car so if you let's
move yeah and I'm taking the license I
bomb I get my license I'm take the test
with car this one of the BMW
or dad's car the bient√¥t I have are
questioning these right there are the
Trump condos the Trump Towers or
something like that no but yeah they
can't reach these guys I got me a house
he got he's such an awesome piece is
such a buyer
I so this is the car my brother's got a
match on but it looks so sick how do
they know much like a BMW like that but
it looks so dope we got it right take it
home this one tell me what you guys
think tell me what you guys think in the
comments below usually I do not like the
color silver enough like that this is
kind of like a grayish color which is
pretty dope so
this is an old car pretty much my
brother pretended to give me but it
isn't actually his when I got my license
I promised I'm gonna take this car
matter of fact you know what I'm gonna
drive it first geez man
getting a car it takes so long I just
notice that today says he takes so so
long but why it takes so long to get a
car takes so long you got these I don't
know mats what is the water mats fixing
a little flag and the put hands on it
it's so beautiful my shovel ready I want
to see how it drives oh I wanna know the
different I'm so bad with knowing the
differences between cars like Alexis the
toilet our Range Rover if you have wo
Mercedes I don't know the differences
like oh my god it's 1082 horsepower oh
it's um it goes I don't know you tell me
the difference what's the difference
between a BMW BMW is that it has a twin
twin turbo power so what does that mean
that's some weird like a 8-speed to
interpret is faster than a then a v6 so
why do you want to go fast all German
cars but why do you want to go fast
we're not like in a racing like NASCAR
racing huh I don't know the Yemeni
people are crazy
we just love corn I don't know you guys
are weird but he goes really really
really weird the good thing is my
brother can't put the Yemeni flag my dad
he's not allowed to put it because the
parking space he goes to they break cars
and stuff like that my brother has like
a private like a private they don't have
space or else my dad would've been in
but the place when I that puts it he has
to put the Puerto Rican flag or else
like other people were like I don't know
this has been happening ever since like
I was like three or four they break the
door they steal like the mirror do some
crazy something really crazy something
so mean yeah this is our first moment in
the BMW congratulations to my brother
it was up so I'm so happy for him he
shout out to the homie right how does it
feel driving BMW oh my god
first time of my life
those credits never drove a German car
before was the drummer car yes
chemically dish well as though this is
the Vizia goes we're going out finally
whose car is it so no Adam well a few
good mine yes for you
sigh sometimes I feel like he's easy
really not joking like I think this car
is for me I'm looking around like
where's the cameras Oh where's the cure
is gonna be like an inspirational video
or like this is my car but now
unfortunately 910 a surprise maybe he
will maybe we'll assume a future in the
future that's what you gotta do gotta
work hard you know think positive think
successful and I shot a lot a lot of
positive things will come sir that's
funny right yeah lights a beautiful NYC
hello safety safety first but I watch
you go manage that horse you gotta be
nice and sweet and let the horses pass
through I'm with the homies humza and
Haley I just keep to the house take a
little nap wake up and I got his jackets
very colorful way I just want to tell
you guys congratulations
thumbs up hey that and you guys but do
me again you guys got over 1 million
views on the hoverboard the hoverboard
surprise prank which is crazy no other
wife channels of two three weeks you
guys already got over 1 million views so
I will be doing a giveaway because of
that because there's a lot of people who
join us I'm gonna be doing a huge
giveaway for the million subscribers
trust me guys I will be doing I'm I'm
think about uploading around beginning
of January because I want to start off
the year with it I want to nd your what
I want to end do something like memory
stuff I want to start off the year with
like a cool giveaway this is give me
something else and something else
give me three amazing cool stuff to give
you guys Michael touch see you guys I
love you congratulations
what oh mama I'm keeping it peace yeah
and get those sort of good to go yeah
put on but I fully but awfully put all
of it on what's good do
giving bingo that was like the real
check me I don't have okay give me kiss
gimme kiss give me a kiss give me a real
kiss like go MA
go market mom come on gap boy stop being
cute stop being cute I swear if you be
cute again if you smile like that I got
a lot punch stop doing that I'm gonna go
walk back take a hike when you come back
ready set go
was it was it was it was so I just got
home and I woke up from another nap
because I'm feeling so so sore I've been
working out for so long
yesterday while I was working I'm
strolling yesterday I was playing
basketball so long and my feet my legs
my calves was so sore I've been never
felt this sword in my whole life so I
feel so so and I woke up today like I
could even move his stuff and I'm trying
to edit this this video like a memory
vlog video of the whole 2015 just of
like the coolest stuff so you guys can
have cool flashbacks of cool memories
with you guys but I'm being distracted
by these people who one person who's
singing hotline bling and they came in
hearing another girl who thinks she can
solve the Rubik's Cube but she can't
what do you guys oh my god what are you
doing you guys supposed to be grown you
guys are my grown nice am I gonna feel
you guys want to be mature I'm trying to
finish editing a video I hear not
YouTube you on its gonna be like not
like a beach is just gonna be like
flashbacks of like vlog ya know it's not
easy to I love light is like of the
world
I'm the dude huh I don't know oh no oh
no I okay how's it going to hell I'm
bling dance meet him literally share
clothes I was wearing his jacket today
come on let's go just do it this Dave
and I'll do it can I can't please okay
okay yeah that's okay I need you guys
I'm a room I'm editing out my roof oh
yeah I'm downloading so many vlogs
already like scaring do me yank someone
wanted sexually harassed in public baby
cries and I have a lot more to upload
and take so long so hopefully it turns
out great and I'm so I'm here editing
I've been editing for about an hour to
and it gets really hectic and editing so
I'm getting really hungry so I'm trying
to order pizza I called down on his
pizza to order they're like oh no we're
not doing deliveries because there's not
many like people so I'm inside I decided
I'm gonna call back and just mess around
for the vlog cuz I'm just messing around
see how she goes
yeah I'm so you guys don't do no
delivery at all do you guys do I'm a
pickup excuse me just hung up you never
in your life don't ever any Latin don't
ever hang up my face don't ever do that
yeah hi the other guy was on the phone
you just hung up in my face the other
guy that was on the phone yeah he just
hung up in my face
yeah you just hung up on me without
while I was talking he just no it's okay
I was tryna I shan't ask a question and
and he just hung up I mean now my dad is
really mad my dad is gonna speak to you
okay cuz I okay ba heiio at the end uh
hello Carlo I know is this Dhamma nice
pizza okay um do you guys do a delivery
your clothes it's 11:00 11:30 what demon
clothes you don't have stuff go to the
supermarket bye sir maybe go to
supermarket buy something good you know
don't make the pizza my son is very very
hungry
yes my son is very very hungry can you
make him some pizza
you guys go pick up if you're close why
are you speaking right now you guys in
the store okay okay how about I pay you
fifty dollars and maybe you can give me
delivery maybe okay give me give me one
sec my my my life my wife wanna talk to
you okay
I lived it happy hello Emma
my son is very very hungry you want
pizza
don't make no food please give him
something I didn't make anything hello I
they're not picking up the phone calls
anymore I'm so hungry I wants a piece
I'm so starving but I saw how much edit
and I'm I just look
for some food and refrigerator and see
what's up there alright guys so it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoyed this vlog did make sure you give
it a thumbs up
it's the last day you guys watch this
topic I've gone crazy is this is last
vlog of 2015 so give it a thumbs up do
me gag every single one of you I want
you guys we're watching this
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank
you guys so so much I just finished I
just finished the little montage the
little best of 2015
flag moment it'll be up if you're
watching this vlog and it just came out
would it be up in about 20-30 minutes if
you watching the vlog and it came out
hours hours then it's probably ready up
so go watch it go Turkey on it give it a
thumbs up thank you guys once again for
an amazing amazing gear them the best
moment that I put I don't know like I
couldn't download every single video by
just downloaded like about 30 40 videos
and put little moments in it so there
probably is a lot more best moments of
it but those were there's the little
bits that I seem to put you know nice
cute memories and stuff like that that
we've had throughout throughout the
whole year of 2015 I cannot wait I
cannot wait for 2016 it is gonna be like
just so amazing I feel it I love you
know when you get that positive that
positive vibe you know what I'm see you
get that positive vibe and you feel the
urge that shuttle all goes well I cannot
wait to make many more memories with you
guys and I hope you guys stick on this
journey with me throughout 2016 because
it's gonna be a crazy roller coaster
it's gonna be a crazy roller coaster and
I need you guys to be by my side and
keep you smiling keep me happy just like
how you guys in 2015 and I'm here to
make you guys happy to make you
astronaut every single day January 16th
is gonna start off crazy it's gonna
start off crazy gonna start off you know
for a bit you know just a little chill
out you know I'm saying then after that
it's gonna get where I'm gonna go ombres
Saudi Arabia I'm gonna be going to the
secret location I'm gonna be having a
show in Dubai I haven't been in Dubai
for about like two years that's one of
my favorite places I'm gonna be going
back to Uganda it's gonna be a lot of
amazing stuff coming through a lot of
announcements surprises and joy to come
through so thank you guys so much once
again a doobie guy I love you guys thank
you for an amazing amazing gears here
say from the bottom of my heart you guys
seriously changed my life and seriously
made me into an amazing like I see
almost
always doing nice stuff and the only
reason why these nice stuff because like
you guys made me to this amazing like I
felt you guys made me to a cool you know
a nice nice guy so thank you guys so
much for the bottom our thank you for
making me that guy and just so you guys
know I don't hold any grudges than
anyone for anything I'm just here doing
me that's it I'm doing me that's it I'm
Christina doing me to making you guys
smile chillin my family and that's it
that's it thank you guys so much once
again my hand hurts
ah yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow I'll
see you guys tomorrow I mean I'll see
you guys next year in 2016
aka my dad's birthday I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like
always a fan I promise you that
let me write them away that's what you
say
