hey guys what's up for do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day dumi yang I
just got done taking a shower every
single time after I take a shower I
always put this mint mask on my face it
stays on my face for like 10 minutes I
know a lot of you guys always ask me
about my skincare what I always use
every day is this mint mask on my face
and then I wash it off and then you just
feel refreshed it's like you brushed
your teeth by on your face did you brush
your teeth today you did alright that's
good now you can't do a mask in your
face you're still only four no you can't
you only four I'm here with the homi
Bhabha Salah in the building he is back
to the new crib right in doing it all
good I'm Dylan and doomy yang they miss
you so much how you feeling I feel good
you feel good guys having to let my dad
has been feeling like better than ever
how's mama Salah doing very good she's
doing good she's doing much better um
did I wall here wall chillin while
having a good day but it's rainy outside
right oh it's too much rain in here my
button stop oh wait touching my butt you
know he's telling me he's asking me for
money huh well you need money yeah are
you gonna do with the money boy what're
you gonna do with the money I have no
clue what the heck he just said but you
have no clue is that yeah whatever yes
this is what I do for my face I'm out to
wash it off maybe I should wash it off
on camera this is what I never I never
show me doing this I look like a
complete ghost net oh my god so I always
use warm water to wash it off I don't
know it feel like warm water just gives
it that nice little breeze I go like
this look at it wash them you can't let
it get to you I close my eyes
and then after that I am I'm done I feel
so refreshed and now with the wind blows
on me just feels so good alright guys so
I just got done working now I'm here
with my older brother aid aid kicks with
popinjay I doing wrong missed you so
much man yo every time I see you your
hair just get through the air tirana
oh you got the little pony look at this
it I do got the little ponytail rocket
is the older but oh oh
Ali's coming out with us eh maybe Ali's
coming out you're coming out huh yes
coming out with us guys we just got here
to have some fun with the kids and the
homie Ollie is already about to sleep
don't sleep on me man Oh sleep
guys we're bout to do laser tag it's
mean of rima versus okay guys why so
excited watch okay
Mawson you ready
you sure okay yeah lookit he's ready
with the Glock with it he got the Glock
must ed is holding a Glock really like
he knows that a whole neglect Remo we
got this shirt there we've got this we
got this
just again okay bulletproof vest on
alright so gathered enough
oh they're going to their face you mean
remove them sticking together I got this
boy we've got the first person I'm gonna
get real hi guys this is literally at
want to freakin laser tag no one's here
coming up oh you're behind me my honey
we're starting good oh my god Bri bug
coma dream was right think I'll get the
book
oh my god yo they just shot me good they
just shot me good get out the way you
look at him gonna get it good job get it
yo so play two games Abe and Mawson they
won I do not know how you guys how'd you
guys won what you got a def cheated man
you cheated that's what your day you
cheated no yes you did yeah yes you did
yo rough man you gotta let us know man
to greet t he not only won they won how
do they win what how do they definitely
just gave us in the past so really not
you know musta knows how to hold the
glut he knows that you know how to chew
huh yeah it's all good River man I swear
to god man they just gave mustard a pass
or maybe must or
you musta was shooting good--very
moussaka all good it's all good Rima
we're still killing it we're still the
best team ever huh
that was some BS man you know
do me gang this is why I'm forever alone
look no one's here at the arcade like
when I say no one I mean no one so I'm
literally about to play basketball alone
Bremen muffs in there in the kiddie spot
but it's all good I heard about the
making and beat the high score so I'm
trying to beat myself I'm playing all
myself the high score is two hundred two
hundred that's the high score so I'm
gonna try to beat it imma beat it in the
next shot watch this
I'm beating the record what did I say
let's go baby
236 236 what did I say man believe in
your dreams I know this isn't a big
dream but I beat the freaking record and
I told you of any time I step to the
courts in any arcade I'm beating that
record and not beat it less
that's me right there 236 this is where
the kids are playing here since no one's
here anyways I might as well go inside
there like no one's here look who died
taking off my shoes
go look at the little court here look at
this that's good where's Nina
taking over my shoes go into the slide
now fine okay you go first
ready
oh my god that was about like a fall
Rima
guys look who we have here his first
time going to like an arcade a.k.a
little mini park right here he's left
for like 10 minutes and now he woke up
ready to play huh you want to go down
the slide
clapping go go with them in the easies
bro clicking you know a lot of come in
you slide you something hi guys it's the
first time the homie Ollie is gonna go
down a slide you ready we're going in
guys look they even have folding here
let's go what the heck
you know this place may be small but it
got a lot of stuff look at this it got
more basketball courts must and dunk it
come on let me see you dunk dunk your
mommsen oh what's that what's that
hey come on shorty come on shorty
I'll call nine of us and not you
I'll make this you guys gotta give this
like a giant thumbs up while looking at
you guys huh Freddie
Oh looking at the camera well I was
looking at the hip these are gotta give
this like a giant thumbs up into me
are you that means you got a thumbs up
this black if you don't gonna get seven
years of bad luck to meet you guys
thumbs up this black you don't want to
risk it man yeah
dumi gang I am back home it was an
amazing day with my family I got to
chill with them I got to catch up with
them I got to have fun I was supposed to
upload a main channel video today but I
ended up putting the videos together and
I promise you guys there's a lot of main
channel videos to come there's a lot of
announcements to come that I can't say
yet I even asked him to tell you guys
some hints but they told me not to say
anything so I need to wait like a week
week and a half and you guys will know
it with no warning no nothing the kids
had no school for two days because I
believe it was a Jewish holiday so huge
shout out to all the Jews who celebrate
Rosh Hashanah there was literally two
days of no school hopefully there's no
school on aid for New York City so you
guys can have no school because on
Jewish holidays there's always no school
it's kind of a good thing for my family
because they get no school and I got to
chill with them but I'm eight hopefully
there's no school on 8th in New York
City because most school they still have
class which kind of sucks because like
you know like you can also give the
Jewish people who have days off we can
also give you guys days off from eat and
the crazy thing is what they're
celebrating is called Rosh Hashanah
which means NASA center in Arabic which
means the start of the year so some what
is somewhat similar to Muslims we're
just kind of cool in a way so I hope you
guys enjoy your holiday I definite
because the kids had no school to do me
game I am ending this vlog right now I
really hope you guys enjoy this vlog
till tomorrow do me again do not forget
to subscribe because I upload every
single day and do not forget to get this
like a giant thumbs up and do me again
thank you guys so much for a little
support I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care err pitch I like
