hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you should be having an
amazing it so right now I just woke up
probably a couple maybe a couple hours
ago my mom seen the video of me chasing
the guy yesterday and then she was gone
she's going all crazy I'm just like why
would you do that don't do that you
can't get out the house today you can't
do that today you can't do this today
I'm just kidding me really like angry
you're like my brush is getting crazy
then my dad she showed me she told my
dad cuz my dad doesn't really like watch
the video something like that so my mom
showed my dad and then my dad was like
ah you stupid what did you catch him you
should have beat them up next time you
caught and I'm like what the heck is
going on again and then my mom and mom
started arguing - my dad's like no he's
not supposed to do it I was teaching his
son that yeah my dad is like no he's
supposed to catch him you too slow why
you so slow I thought my son is fast I
told my son is number one I thought you
got my number one I thought you - my
right hand and I'm just like what what
the heck is going on my dad is telling
me I should have caught him and I should
have beat his butt mom's telling me
don't do that next time we seen him just
don't know nothing run away so I'm just
there like stuck in the middle so just
confused I might hit the gym for a bit
gonna go work out work this stress away
let's see how this goes head yeah I just
got to the gym I think like literally no
one is that the gym - usually Saturday
nights everyone is like out partying
yourself but Saturday night I'm gonna be
here if whoever it is here with me
working out turn it up and I don't know
I'm feeling kind of like I don't know
I'm feeling kind of like you know we
have that adrenaline adrenaline
that's adrenaline in adrenaline I can't
see how adrenaline I dreamt illan
adrenaline
I got adrenaline rush from what happen
yesterday so I feel like I just need to
take out some you know like some little
stress or some doom just workout I do
not have no anger management or anything
like that for some people yes a like oh
my god Adam you have anger management
you're trying to cause trouble affecting
I have the opposite of anger management
because I'm really patient when it comes
to like anything that goes on but ready
who this this is for the guy that I
didn't catch yesterday so if you guys do
not know my workouts usually are like
the lifting weights where i benchpress I
do that probably here and there but
whatever I work out I always do like
boxing training or like Cal aesthetics
or like if I do any lifting you'll be
like really light because I do not want
to get like built and like dish I like
so big where I can't like you know like
wipe my butt so like that I like you
know saying like I know I like these
type of workout something ever since I
was younger I've been doing boxing with
new prosthetics and I like just being
cut up and a little bit not too much
like that this you're like I don't I
don't find that like cool water nothing
like that I mean yet you have muscles
I'm sorry I said if you will out there
who like this yeah yeah muscles but I
don't know I just feel like it's too
much I don't know if that's just what
could you buy usually do this kind of
workout
Wow
Oh si
I'm done doing punch a bag I'm gonna go
outside to smoke where it goes because I
never really showed you guys the other
workouts that I do it so I'm showing you
guys right now this is an app workout
this is an advert
this is
the article really fast after the price
of the triceps and won't be that big
because
spice up you don't want to do too much
I'll go really light and do as much as I
can you know catch up
so I just got done I had a little fun
workout I don't really like that's
pretty much what I do in my work I was
just like dumbbells I use that for my
chest I use that for literally all my
workouts across the street but it was a
fun workout gonna go home I just got
home from my workout
what's up and this is what you guys keep
after you workout I got I got a nice
full protein nice on what some chopped
cheese thank you sure I got me 26
protein right here this protein yummy
muscles feel it Phyllis I hope it was
Sun God keep watching
Oh what did you poison it to say look yo
gonna fight say one fight come on box
box him up let's go boxing nice right
now my dad is carrying Muhsin you guys
are not on my dad loves loves mas and
he's literally 24/7 knows with him
I try to be with muscle in 24/7 my dad
steals him all the time so he's with him
right now I'm gonna go carry Muhsin and
I'm keep going back and forth carrying
him carrying himself and then I don't
know what I would do but I'm gonna try
to find a way where like I would pretend
that dropped him or something like that
it will see his raba I am so sorry for
like prank you this whole time this week
but I gotta do it we got to do something
once again because it's it's me I'm off
or mean you're in the house together and
I have no one to predict covers it now
so you're it's you you're the lucky ones
let's see how this goes
let me move it like a little thing like
this oh my god yes oh my god
huh
you got a prank like the 10th time there
wasn't that might come with me to AMA on
February is he ready to go
yeah ready to go somewhere let's go
ready I'm ready - I'm ready I'm ready
I'm ready I'm ready
all right guys so it's time to wrap up
this flag hope you all enjoy this flag
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey to all my ride-or-die
dummies make sure you give it a thumbs
up she made it to the end of this vlog
I'm so sorry for not vlogging as much
today today was like a family day
tomorrow will also be another family day
so I'm just the weekends usually just
family that's why they didn't go out and
eat like not any cultural food stuff
like that
I want to chill out with the family you
know relax and all that so I hope you
guys don't mind that I'm doing the
giveaway sometime this week but I might
upload the video I'm think about making
it the first upload of 2016 or uploading
it around Christmas time or something
like that I do not know yet you guys
tell me I really hope you guys always
enjoyed this vlog every single day and I
can't thank you guys enough for like
seriously giving it a thumbs up
commenting retweeting all the love you
got show every single day and it goes up
and up every single day so I just truly
appreciate that I'm so overwhelmed that
I'm so sorry to sound so corny
but thank you so much you're dooming I
love you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow with another daily vlog take
care and peace like
and have you always a feather promised
you that close
let me write them away I know this what
you say
