hi guys it is Thursday evening and I am
starting the vlog right that is the
launch party for the blogosphere
magazine cover reveal I'm on the cover
of issue 12 but it was going to with my
jacket with specially very big oversized
dress visa vintage one obviously and is
wearing awesome by the way we left Hanna
with my suspenders when we're doing that
but she's literally only gonna be there
for like oh yeah was
my favorite guy we literally just go
home basically hello world Athleta my
house I mean I have to take her asleep
in the car go straight to the bedroom
put her down
don't leave like this anyway what an
amazing night that was we didn't
actually managed to block that much
which means it was amazing like and when
you actually do get asked to film so
much it means you probably have that to
a good time they love the magazine and
love the cover
I love blogosphere at the magazine and
the people who work behind it are just
amazing so I was amazing thank you to
everybody who came all my girls who came
as well they'd have such a blast I had a
blast I can't wait to share with you
guys pictures and share with you guys
more pictures from the actual magazine
shoot and make sure you guys actually
get the magazine subscribe to blogs here
to get your copy or you can pick it up
at W Smith as well amazing night I'm not
such a high it's so late anyway I'm
going to get to my PJs get me a bowl of
cereal and sit as well will do
I think really annoyed it make like an
alpha kitchen with all of the posters of
Lee I'm up guys at the end of the night
when you're licked their lips you till
the end up and they even packin up and
basically said took all of the massive
prints that they had out and they rolled
up in the boot of the car I don't know
what to do with it maybe if I have a
vain moment of fix some of the office
but I think today maybe I'll stick one
up for a little bit and then we'll just
keep them in storage forever and Halleck
look at them when she's a bit older you
want the camera Nikko Lundy's of logging
you can log in to us
hello donator by friday the morning god
the passage means that are having office
people do it but we don't drink much
anyway one may be really tight completed
complete sabrina yes they serve my
education in a really noisy Canaria we
go
and they have Egyptian Texas area which
is the life but then they also have
hello breakfast I think I'm going to
ending practicing what is oh yeah guys
by the way
well my property did yourself not just
like a kebab and I want to anyway
breakfast is here guys I'm about to get
up right Ian
come on notice come on guys look yeah
it's actually really good that you got
them I love this one it was taken from a
bed by do you like this and I think it's
very clear picture I get over yourself
no come on you know it's nice it's not
quite you should lead them out because I
might try to take some fun Instagram
pics today okay okay
thanks it I'm going to get a crap ton of
work done before I then pick up Hannah
and my sister and we're going to go to
card it for the weekend but just before
I get side I'm just testing out how my
magazine looks in my magazine rack which
will go up on my wall somewhere say
magazine but there's the front cover and
there's the back cover how exciting is
that obviously I will fill up with other
magazines but these will be the one the
main ones I won't go in there so once it
gets to do the cover of GQ magazine
magazine he will also ghost on it when
they sit laughing or balding men balding
men magazine GQ magazine sitcom on
bolding global goals and being exact
also tote bags with me coal mine thank
you I have to do before I get site of
work I have to show you everything that
we got in
bags a blogosphere we've got Janina
ultra white teeth whitening Wow
whitening toothpaste out of that
difference that's cool
we've got so with brave oh so goodie bag
actually when they asked me if I would
do a good bag I was like nah we've got
normal tea intensive care conditioner
and then we have a pen and then we have
oh go Patrick attacking women and then
alcohol already bad from so I will you
can do not with a ton of that grade of
renewing design I'm gonna get some air
now guys I just pick up Hannah that's
got to take off these things that you
have to wear when you go into it you
don't bring her into the nursery guys
cute and she's cutting Dino for
dangerously driving with the camera in
her hand but I can't go on god she's
much finger that he'd be gathered before
I joined a new identity
the reason is makeup anymore because I
don't keep recovered oh god I is
identity you can't taking it
we'll be I did like are you coming - she
wasn't into Perrin how a saying like
that but I can't ever anyone wants to
talk for anything
yes and ever people did you like didn't
get it so we collected up against it I'm
an orbit you mean you have a comment on
the chromosome is like how come enough
anybody was playing on girls by morning
guys wearing Cardiff it's the next day
you're going into town
come on careful should hold my hand my
mum's out for guys wear your boots
problem off it looks really weird with
the baby bottle of your hunches Clark's
booties gap genes it yeah gene on top
cause dumper and warehouse warehouse
cottages do Cecil peanut on ahead what
about you too thick I'm wearing jeans
from Topshop they are Jerry man socks
are five times eighteen and through the
top and I'm wearing this one for jacket
from mangrove and my bags from whistles
are my scar from beautopia that's got to
tell you I left Hanna's buggy in London
so in August buying the literally
cheapest one ever right now and I'm
going to open it up in August be kinda
in it because we've been carrying her
rounds by the way for about now
got the pram died just terrible cost
forty powers and it lit she's like a toy
but it does its job a job it can stay in
your house mama every time I come to
Cardiff was it okay I haven't actually
loved much while I've been in car just
because I'm just been busy being in
Cardiff anyway look at this mini prayer
mats about my mum fished out for Hannah
thank you the proud that we bought you
know the cheap on from all of us we used
it there and then didn't we see what
happen is my mum just like walked into
it by accident like tripped over the
wheels like normally like anybody does
anyway then the wheels broke we like
that is rubbish so the next day I went
to took it back to all the times like
that wheel is rubbish it broken actually
is have this blah blah then I went and
bought the 50 chocolate mini city show
lasting which is amazing and I'm
basically used all day yesterday by this
vlog and I excited to use it in London
because
I really like the other one that we have
which is the one that falls into a
square but the fingers of that hannah is
not as comfortable in it because you
can't lay back stuff like that but it's
really like really small and lightweight
and quaint but this one she can actually
be super comfortable in it and it's
really easy to fold and open up so I
thought that I'll show you guys I know
right to London dough my mum's DIY
breakfast for Hannah that yogurt Jam and
toasted pita bread how do you prefer
different Rolly Pickering is here
Ronnie Pickering guys I just filmed a
video where my mom does my makeup using
only her makeup and this is the final
look like I would have thought I was
taught a bit a bit better than this but
here it is lovely it's Tuesday and
basically I'm back in London and in the
offices on the side but and he tidied it
to move up you hear what happened today
the offices we came here in the morning
I had a meeting first in the morning but
Emma came here now I basically just fell
asleep here right on that sofa bed for
like two straight hours and only from
the video so today has been the most
unproductive unproductive unproductive
and productive productive production at
this unproductive day I've ever had in
my life and Macy's because I had a party
for breakfast so never do that
just don't ever do that morning guys oh
my lipsticks actually way too dark
today it's already gone to take home to
nursery because I'm leaving from the
flat today to go meet flora pakora my
agent you have a bit of a chat with her
about Kingdom tink and then basically
I'm going to go to the office after that
and go she said there are a couple
videos for y'all and do some editing
guys I'm not gonna lie I'm sick of
living in this flat I'm not in r1 which
is downstairs because all my stuff is
there and like every morning I'm going
and describing anything I can to wear so
like my outfits are all not proper like
they literally just like get weight like
click one where I mean ask you today's
one's not that bad it's just a coat and
jeans but life is really annoying me
actually there's so many like things I
want to get started on like
collaborations and that but not being at
home is really delaying it putting on me
time you know
when your bag makes you just look
shorter than it is and then your
crotches out man that pisses me off
yes I'm about to leave now so I will see
you guys in a little while okay ba ba
so I'm back from meeting flora and I'm
now the officer said having a lie beaner
and it was to eat my - Ellie slurps I
want to fill the video is gone just
happened one why do you film in a video
right now yeah all right just looking it
just look like a regular season
oh so it's my mind anyway guys a little
story to tell you basically right on the
way here I was waiting for this train
you and some guy decides to come up to
me this religious looking guy wearing
like a going to be here with his ankles
out a big beard slightly over way a bit
monkey looking to be fair not going to
lie and you guys come up seeing ghosts
level inconsistent are you miss lips and
he was like you know I went to a talk to
yesterday you should really look into
wearing the head jab without wearing it
with tight clothes I was eating a
flapjack at same time by the way who
come up to somebody when they're eating
number one right sorry I mean this time
Zach and I'm just looking him like this
described you leaders famous fight I
didn't have anything and he goes you
know the meaning of badger I just say
man I went do you know what I could that
you say a billion things to you right
now but I'm going to choose not to
because at the end of a us you strange
man and I don't speak to strangers and
he looked at many web strange man
subhanAllah I'm your brother in its
Levin I was just like by this point I
was like you are having a happening I
was just like you are estranged directly
not my mushroom thank you very much who
the hell are you
and then he went get off your high walls
get off your I was such an idiot when he
realized I've got a bit of a voice and
I'm not going to put up with his stupid
misogynistic he goes get off your
high horse on the budget cheek on
getting loud and I was like not having
as I said kid we ever made women don't
speak to me and then you just start
again or flustered and walked off and go
slim when it comes to slimmer liquor
before that was after going get off your
high horse
so just walked off all the way to the
other end of the platform cheeky little
so-and-so who do you think you are my
friend maybe you should have gone to a
talk that talk to you about men and
their hey Jeff and how they how they
should look at women because I don't
even send you guys so do you guys
that guy even supported me he just
finished doing a really good deed by
helping another Muslim couple with their
suitcase up the stairs and as he was
coming back down the stairs he decided
to look at me up and down and then come
up to me and say all that so listen
beloved how about you go to a talk that
addresses you and your responsibilities
and your issues rather than one that
focuses on women okay let the women deal
with their problems and you deal with
your own honey but
