hi guys I am back with another video and
promised today's video I am going to be
teaching did it cause a little bit of
Arabic this is my husband for those of
you who are not aware and he is
Pakistani whereas I am half addiction
half English although our first
languages are you know English and I do
speak a little bit of Arabic and he does
be questioned Swahili today's video I'm
gonna teach him a bit a bit of Arabic
it's gonna be branch out and then we
will do another video where he is
teaching me push to push the door let's
start off with these most basic things I
don't know the most basic thing is you
go lipstick on your teeth
damn any of you are abusers just bear in
mind the Arabic I do speak is Egyptian
dialect so it's very slight very like
meaning she don't know she yeah you look
quite pretty
oh right let seems odd to say you look
very pretty in Arabic in Kiger Mina Oh
II in T kamila Ali do I have to say it
like that
in T kamila Ali there's got the thing
really is it's Egyptian dialect on and
in to give me that are we
yay in to give me that le you kick
amoeba every okay amazing
so now let's get you hahaha let's see
should say Hammad
I know Arabic man I know loads out of it
I'm gonna speak Arabic in my voice from
now into kamila every yeah well done now
give me that now what you want to do is
you want to Arkansas a number yeah I
think you want to digit
how do I say can I get the digit this is
what you gonna say happy new rific happy
new British so if you Camila are we
happy new music into comedian and we had
you happy memory
hahaha that was all right okay now 93d
introduce yourself now that you've hit
on me you should really introduce
yourself live so you should really be
like ah I have media Slade you'll need
happen how do I say do you like my hair
Washington won Isaac sorry but what egg
mix re okay Charlotte with upper I quick
Charlie do you like haha ugly shall
address
tags ik okay I pictured it I wish I
officially astonished aunty tendon
option boo ha ha ha ha no no I didn't
invent the anti-dandruff shampoo no no
wait
it's demented head insurance if that
misty head and shoulder you know a guy
said literally sound like when people
Arabic advert about like shampoo or dove
dove soap and he's like the voice I'm
doing that voice right now I'm gonna do
it all the way to yes ok so what we
learnt so far in Peterman Cuba Antigua
Mila le Antigua me now monkey named
British did I know you didn't X then why
are you teaching me child lines I've got
a wife you know I don't know why cuz I
just happened didn't it okay let's see
if you how to haggle so you're ended in
the market now yes I'm that I'm the guy
telling you this and you're like how
much did know so many let me be the guy
selling okay so you're the guy selling
okay I'm gonna buy it they know so much
became that luck I thank you
and you miss me right no no no no no so
much begin de sister bond
see that's the other suppose they
actually do that's the other thing you
get when they realize that you're living
abroad Oh English is English yes in
living English is for guys yeah you can
bill will the 50-pound said it means
candles all fifty proud okay so let's go
back you became that what you going to
say is not yeah you got sit there and
think about it you got
and how do I say look at the shape like
like I'm selling it to you now so then
what you say is up that mr. LeWitt dad
you stole it death koala scandal
- am i dead miss Toller game in Italian
ha ha ha - thanks dad
miss toda game in Italia game in Italy
exact Italy yes ok but and a monkey
anyhoo late we're an American army who
ik Sophie no way a psychologist what a
monkey army used to be how much motion
as beginning how much dose erotic me how
much it is weakening perfectly thank you
what they did set is la exactly designer
way from Italy
well I can give you a price of fifty
thousand pounds I can read fifteen
thousand yeah I'm excited a big me I can
align I think I'm pretty good at
pronouncing the stuff I don't can't
remember it
okay from the top let's do our
conversations sure my name is Stuart why
do you have to take it like that
the can dislike people don't be like
this huh nice damn I did some add an
historic me Christopher do it
okay dad shamone and mr. day you mean
Italia gay Jim in Italia one less back
no Passport why you saying I reckon it
guys they're actually so many words that
are the same in Arabic and push to
another so should go through the similar
to say I don't know there's a lot curtsy
same fabric online so Kersey
both in Arabic and pistol and early mean
chair yeah and then battery it comes
from arabic Turkey and but mean stop let
me stop you
best me
dog and when our power how're you guys
have the wind wind wind 12 you guys
hello hello hello hello a few means
three it means to it for us as well
really we say highly aware so the actual
sweet that you eat yes and then if you
call somebody nice you say hello
we have mint abhi this is just for
pretend Arabic yeah I have no idea what
means you have no idea like that I'm
pretty sure I heard it somewhere you
probably need something similar to heard
in Saudi
ok I'd say how much is that mango and he
said means idealities your boss listen
you haven't told me any aerobic I have
you to slow learner slow learner if we
were going to Egypt what would I need to
you if we're going to eat it you need to
say you need to learn to say let me
shave how do I say no don't arrest me
arrest her with an ax
well Lima Shannon now online that's it
guys got it yay
too hard to teach you let me know if you
want to be a part - oh please teach me
more Sensei please sensei teach me man
ok one more thing ok in hey get in Limpy
let's set our online yogurt is in peel
up sir hello Haram oh Lord
say oh the other and then they go like
that in hey get in t lobster lobster we
got in T lobster together in Phillips
Hall Milwaukee does it anyways guys so
this is my channel now and I will see
you on an excellent
