hi guys back in another video I did
Ostia again after today's video I'm
going to be sliding her turbine the way
I would start my turbine and then you
guys can decide if we really actually do
look like each other or if we actually
do copy each other cuz asking yeah
killing actually there's so many
different steps right oh yeah there's so
different guy you'll see you'll see yeah
so let's get started let's do it right
so I'm just going to stand up to really
get stuck in there bye guys just look at
me
yes it's just us his beautiful face that
I made up earlier yeah I watch that
video guys so what I'm gonna do is this
is a nice scope as you thank you where
is it from tell the viewers it's from
quick okay okay I don't know I'm some
weird story I don't really I have two
files that I go to Fort Evans I'm gonna
do the ones that I feel like you never
do so that there's a bit of a difference
okay now give me one of these things no
no that's like old-school ICO oh my god
that no I see is signature why did you
stop I just grew up no I don't know why
I did a the old one is because it hit
half my friend I know I know that but
did you ever do that you don't have a
big I used to bring it forward here
because I used to think it's slim in my
face so I've come boy I remember I
remember watching your videos and you do
this do this yeah what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna bring it up here but I'm not
trying you're not so relaxed yourself
alright okay I'm just gonna cross over
was really hard to do this with I know
on somebody else yeah really
hey you know you're not a few jabs
stylist ya know he dared slightly over
here guys
it'll be really interesting to see how
this looks on you I think I'm sorry my
things in the right is the CSS way yeah
I know I'm really I keep looking at it
and I'm like anything good I should
because it's like I know what that's
like me being your cheapskates gonna go
on sale very soon
oh is it lose weight I will wait I feel
like it's a British thing to be with a
bit of a cheapskate
I feel like it's just a non-arab thing
cuz Arabs are lame all right all right
yet unless you're an Egyptian then
you're not right it's a golfing you know
what you look like there you look like a
Bedouin siam better way look like a bit
well you look like you've aged we're but
we're yeah do i seea has a difference
behind shape to what I have yeah you
have a lower and I go for either a
mid-range as I can how anything yeah
yeah good very high somehow these very
high you know in the South where we're
from Woodward from the station you see
the higher in the hair the closer to God
really yeah so like maybe the higher the
turban very good I'm actually really
really just say guys so all you
hopefully see God right yeah like me
before me do I get your sideburns I was
not well I do one side I like to bring
one side a little bit closer and then
this side I'd like to get a little bit
Haram on us there cuz like I feel like I
like the second we're all about the
little bit of hair out here it's a good
balance in life really I just think key
Oh tink do I look younger
no I think he actually makes you look a
bit a bit more mature oh yeah that's
definitely what so more to kids wants to
Mum she does that she sure it's all
dough yet yeah you look older and this
is that you know what when I do that
style I look a bit all the two but I
just I really love something that I
really love would very regal that you
think guys see Lafleur home huh and oh
it's pretty isn't a mirror here oh I
like it
oh my makeup looks fleeky yeah thank you
fleek it by the way I matched your
makeup to your top in case you hadn't
noticed I just go off did you
yeah thank Malaya this orange match no
not the on range bit
Accio leak you okay I like that but you
know what I feel like we need to put it
back bit more
I used to wrap it like this at one point
but I didn't have it as low I think as
you do
would you mean this little see it like
right here like - Oy sy oh you shall
make more either than me yeah I do yeah
I don't like my union zone so I'd be
honest the other think it suits you mmm
if you know what okay when I wrap my
turbans
I don't like there to be a step here
yeah oh that really it always me but so
hot sometimes find a slope yeah isn't it
I can't
I tried slope it down and I always like
spread the fabric my plate is new sec no
no no it's just a little one it's not
it's actually quite gradual isn't it
there is to step but then I see amudha
and nose and there you go no that's a
gradual oh you were both right yeah but
you know if I had the choice I would put
your hair up way higher yeah so you can
also get good shape and it yes in it any
problem right I know in the comments if
you think this actually it looks really
nice on you there does it is a bit more
more although defo well I look like I
have to get them you don't look you
don't know if I have two kids you look
like maybe you just maybe are going
somewhere in the evening will you leave
me my two kids at home yes grandmother
right when I grab my yeah fingers okay
go my twins do is head on over to ask
his channel to see me in acid salt oh
but
