hi guys I am back with another video and
this time I'm doing my long-awaited Q&A
by the way guys progress on the office
furniture we've got a chest of drawers
and the chair so I'm just going to go on
to the most recent question so we have
somebody called Loki my own Heights man
said how to get into fashion and with it
work if your designs were cultural
related I'll just answer the second pops
out first of all yes they would work if
they were culture related if you have a
look at most designs on the runway and
massive fashion houses nowadays
absolutely everything is derived from
some kind of culture and actually most
of the time there is a case of cultural
appropriation so as long as you don't do
that then you'll succeed actually you'll
succeed even if you do appropriate
because that is basically how the world
works unfortunately the first specular
question how to get into fashion if
you're young enough and you are yet to
go to university definitely do it as a
degree I really wish I had and I think
it really really would have helped me if
you are a little bit older or not even a
bit older if you just don't want to go
back to uni then what you can do is you
can do an open course or basically just
start learning to sew I think that's
probably the first step or just jot down
your design ideas and get somebody to
make them so that you're at least having
a look at the result of your creative
ideas just start and put your creative
work out there so that people can see it
if for Ally said do you listen to Tamara
trust me if so what's your favorite song
I don't lift into Tamara Hosny now
that's purely because I barely listen to
music or when I do listen to music it's
like just what's on the radio or just
like what's on like I never make my own
playlist but I did go through a phase
where I listened to Tamara Hostelling
majorly I can't remember the songs to be
honest with you but let me think ya know
ya know rainy Vegas it's really
desperate trying to keep Hannah
entertained she's been in the office
with us all day today which is a bit
unfair on her but it's absolutely
pouring down anyway diva it's been a bit
of a diva so it's all good
Emily asked what's the best piece of
advice you have for someone who's
interested in Islam but doesn't know
where or how to stop okay
be wary of certain mostly
who seemed to take control of your
conversion and are really really shoving
parts of the religion down your throat
and really promoting parts that they
would really that they really want you
to kind of take action with as soon as
possible for example wearing a scarf for
example changing your name for example
getting married and trying to take
control of your own conversion because
the last thing you want is to be
federalism Islamic information and then
20 years down the line you start to
question it and be like hold on a minute
that was just this person telling me
this and this and this and I just
thought it was religion but really it's
not you know I mean so kind of take the
research into your own hands
obviously with the aid of Muslim
scholars who have the qualifications to
speak on it so have the knowledge to
give you proper advice because a lot of
people who are interested in Islam or
Albert sometimes have a lot of Muslim
friends and it's easy to be heavily
influenced by the parts that are
particularly Islamic although they may
seem normal and good you will question
them later on maneuver Jahangir you said
which youtubers do you watch and love
whenever I get the chance I will watch
FA in the lawns videos I will watch the
car
I will watch you also what I want
miranda things I will watch share
Patricia bright fled 4th e-flat fourth I
want a jack what's it called I watch
Jack make I will also watch The Wailers
vlog anyway I was loaded if she was
going to upload to Marky by nature birth
you want my son
yeah I do have to check everything he
uploads before his bloody uploads it
mode under school al Hamadi said do you
want to have any more kids yes I
definitely do well I mean I get phases I
definitely think oh I would love to have
a baby number two but then sometimes I
think oh can I really put myself through
that and like if I did what baby number
two it has to be right now because who
wants to wait years and years and then
do the whole thing all over again right
but then I just think I cannot get
pregnant now no way you know I mean so I
would but I think about the bigger
picture yeah I would love it if there's
nothing baby in the picture but then I
think I would actually love it if I had
three kids but realistically I think if
I was to have another one it would have
to stop it - everything's up to God
anyway you know Jasmin Chaudhary said
what is your favorite go-to food slash
snack my go-to food is probably a cheese
drink from the fridge on the way out a
chai latte from cafe Nero or girls yes
toast amber Medina said what camera do
you use
so the camera I'm using right now is the
Canon 70d my blog videos they are the
canon g7x hopefully by the end of today
it will be the g7 x mark - if I can get
my buddy hands on it cuz souls are
everywhere labour fires so how tall are
you I am 5 foot five and a half or five
six hello John Hudson how do you manage
being a mum and youtuber well as you can
hear Hannah is in the back making all
kinds of racket and Sid is basically
pacing up and down the office kind of
keep her entertained so really I only
managed to do it with the help of the
husband so thank you very much for that
said Ali I said what's your favorite
moment of the Oscars I didn't watch it
have you ever thought of starting your
own makeup line I don't know if I
answered this in some other video before
I have totally thought about saw my own
makeup line and I really want to because
I've had some ideas for some products
that I think are really not out there I
think but then then again when it comes
to makeup like literally everything's
out there so you never know well I've
had ideas where you know things that
would be really really handy and just
make life easier for people on the go I
definitely have thought of that but it's
not the right time and I feel like I'm
not on massive
connoisseur to be able to have my own
makeup line but having said that most
people have their makeup lines and they
don't know about makeup so you can
do anything nowadays Chania power of
social media
who's the shade up everybody thing
whenever I have a little ran or anything
about social media or the modern
industry everybody thinks something in
the shade people and I'm not throwing
shade at specific people it's about
things I see in general if it was about
something specific I would have said the
name no I probably wouldn't said the
name because I don't believe that
there's any need to call people out like
that I don't believe there's a nice
table if you feel strongly about
something you don't talk about it then
generalize in it don't need to be an
asshole theater if you have you ever
watched a Bollywood movie and which one
yes Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham cubby hush
Turkey oh god this person's are asking
loads and I just keep replying to them
dry out said what are your top three
favorite TV series at the moment
well offenders is always there because
you senders is never ending is Hannah
really eating a to it did you also find
it witness whoa that is amazing
also how many of you guys recently seen
on BBC two the two-part film was it
called Kunta Kinte it's amazing two-part
film about slavery about couldn't attend
a huge fictional character I think I'm
Marshall McKay I said what does it take
to be a successful Muslim fashion
blogger well I mean honestly Mikayla
nowadays you just need to have a pretty
face and take good selfies so you say
well I don't think that's just like a
Muslim thing that's just to be a
successful blogger in general I believe
is it's something that you want to have
you know a long-standing career in and a
good future and you want to see it
progress and build on it rather than
just an instant fame flash instant quick
money fix then start with an idea or
start with a purpose and like having
authentic original ideas when I started
there I felt like there was a need for
us in the internet world and like I
didn't feel like anybody represented me
and my community friends
style-wise anywhere online so that's why
I was like I have to do this you know
but then my plan wasn't to get actually
be a blogger that just happened
but if you are thinking of taking the
steps and at least you know ok modest
fashion it is a normal thing now as the
online platform is so saturated but at
least if you want to get into that
industry then coming at it with the
different angles that hasn't been seen
before but also I believe what is really
really important to be successful is to
acknowledge that you are coming into it
now but there are people who have been
in the industry for a while right for
example me rather than coming in an
angle where you're kind of like oh I'm
the first person to do that you know I
mean because it's so saturated now it's
better to acknowledge but put forth your
creative and unique ideas or techniques
or style you know I mean the slower the
Muslim vloggers now that are literally
started like a few months ago they are
quite clearly talented it's talent there
and that's why it's just it's great that
they're there because they're adding to
this platform in a really positive way
and then there's ones because obviously
it's so saturated now that unless you
take hot selfies of themselves but then
those ones maybe don't want to be like
modest fashion bloggers they just want
to be bloggers or Beauty people in
general which is fair enough then right
and also by the way I think is important
to blog like even me for example ugly
neglected my actual blog for ages and
ages I'm like getting back on it by the
way don't worry
what would I remember the end of the day
guys insta fame is just instant fame
because Instagram is just an app at the
end of the day whereas your own blog and
your own website is yours so everything
you put on there is yours when Instagram
is just an app right it's impossible to
having a different kind of idea nowadays
you know so many people are online for
the same purposes and the same kind of
market which is fine to the space for
that but if you want to have a career
and you want it to be long standing or
whatever and you really have passion for
it you know then then you will naturally
anyway be able to be creative and
different so even though your views may
not differ with other people in the
industry at least what you put your
content will be unique so your angles on
things will be unique you know I mean
you get may broke anyway who have your
answer ancestors it's Turkish and how
does it feel to be Turkish hope you'll
see my question really I think I'm
Egyptian because I was brought up in
Egypt
and that's my culture you get me but my
dad mum parents I think have Turkish in
them and then and then the Turkish
through that by for my dad's mum side
that's why my surname is Turkey yeah
ne'er Nadine said when will you come to
Pakistan I have no idea but it's
definitely still on my list of things to
do I really really need to good chance
at some point honestly I really really
want to go but we kind of would prefer
to go with somebody that we know because
probably the easier book of SID is just
terrible with the language in fact one
of my next videos is going to be me
teaching Sid's
Arabic finally and him teaching me
Pashto finally I think I mentioned I
want to do that with you about a year
ago I'm gonna get around to it
Mariam said what is something about
yourself that you want to change but
probably never will I would really love
to make my lips bigger I've banged on
about this for months now in my videos
guys oh my god I'm still battling with
this shall I get lip fillers or or not
thing and I don't know why I'm battling
with it because most people if they want
it this bad they would have just got it
right but in my head I'm like but
probably just a trend so let me just
wait out as long as possible until
hopefully I'm over it
look that's why I think I've gone off
matte lipstick and I've gone into lip
gloss because it gives it more of a
plump look and also if I was just like
one of those people who had really
really fast metabolism and didn't put on
weight whatsoever and could eat whatever
their hell they want
I would love it if I was one of those
people ara and he said what is something
you've always wanted to try but have
been too scared to do so probably
actually and skydiving always want to do
that
always chickened out Hannah francesca
said when is your next clothing line
coming out well this is a question I get
asked all the time because about a year
and a half ago basically I did come up
with my daily collection it sold out and
it was great but the thing is we were
manufacturing out in Indonesia and that
wasn't a great experience and I didn't
want to continue that so I was like I'm
going to reproduce anything now until I
can do it in the UK and then basically
we never actually got around to taking
those proper steps and then blogging and
everything else just kind of took over
so I am still working on what will be my
first
or collections but it's going to be a
while till that comes out guys but
that's good because when it comes out
it's gonna be the real deal you don't
say anyway what do you do to be more
confident actually I tell you what
really helps me when I'm suddenly
feeling like ah you know you know like
sometimes you just wake up in your like
I can't face today you just want to be a
bit of a recluse and you're not feeling
confident in what I found has really
helped me working out as soon as I'm
done working out I feel like yeah let me
get in the shower get my clothes on I
feel great and it just gives you
automatic confidence boost so even if
just a 10 minute workout just anything
to work up a bit of sweat I actually
haven't been hitting the gym ever since
I shared that video where I fell off the
box I haven't gone thin what I've been
doing to work out is like YouTube dance
videos I actually go on this one
specific YouTube where he's called
Fitness Marshall and he don't like
hip-hop workout routines too like one
song so literally one video is the
duration of the song and because the
song is like so great and you don't
think time just goes so quickly and
before you know it you've done half an
hour worth of music and dancing and it's
the most fun way to workout on this
climate plus you're learning really cool
dance moves which gives you a confidence
boost 100% already and I spat on the
cameras polish and either said are you
intending to go to Hajj
any time soon they'd have actually done
hands once but I haven't been at all
enough we actually really need to do all
modes together first actually yeah we
should really do that and it'd be really
nice to take Hannah I think boutique de
nanã said how passionate and proud are
you about being Welsh
I'm actually not Welsh I wasn't born in
Wales I was actually born in Egypt and
then I grew up in London and came to
Wales when I was eleven twelve but I did
spend the majority of my you know
teenage years in Cardiff all the way up
until basically getting married so I'm
Welsh life of that fossil you mean I do
love Cardiff though Cardiff is a great
city the other day we were driving into
our car park here in London and there
was this middle-aged man in his car next
to us and the gate wasn't working and he
was like all the gates not working and I
was like I said well he was like yeah I
am
where you from and I was like I just
suddenly decided to put on a really
Cardiff action and I was like oh I
forgot yep and he was like oh anything
card is now like told him where I'm from
God
or me feels like we live basically
around the corner from each other when
we were in college so I guess it comes
out then when I meet a fellow wealthy
that I'm like our way our way Wales and
Cardiff definitely has a special place
in my heart and that's it guide they are
all the questions I promise that I will
try and keep these regular because I do
get so many good questions and all the
time so then trying to compile them at
the end in like the quick video we kind
of lose the good ones sometimes so I
will try and make this a monthly thing
or at least a six weekly thing whatever
so without further ado guys thanks for
watching and till next time bye
