that is good light that is hi guys I'm
back with another video and this week's
video I am basically going to announce
my holy grail of eyeshadow palettes for
the Harvey Nichols holy grail campaign
in case you were living under a rock for
the last five or six weeks every week I
have been reviewing a new eyeshadow
palette and creating a different look
with it and now I've done them all I
have to have all the eyeshadows right
here in my pocket
so if we just get straight into it and
recap from week 1 I tested out the Laura
Mercier extreme neutrals eyeshadow
palette and this eyeshadow palette
consists of 12 colors ladies it's
actually the biggest palette of all of
the ones I've tried and it is I believe
45 pounds is that right Syd maybe I
should add yes I created a look that
played with the violet and lilac shade
quite a bit I did enjoy it I remember
that there was quite a bit of fallout in
the palette the packaging is nice next
skin type thing these are price loads of
colors and it was very good for everyday
tonight so I get that week to ladies I
tested out the road dial smokey eye
skull eyeshadow palette and this is six
shades the packaging is very very
minimal it's kind of a packaging when
you can't really go wrong you kind of
pleased everybody with it which is a
good thing
very compact I like it a lot I believe
this palette was 35 pounds the cheetah
out of the five that I reviewed I
created a very very orangey brown almost
smoky look with this and played a bit
would be black on the end to create a
bit of a wink I must say I enjoyed this
palette very very much and I think the
quality is outstanding especially for
the price and I have picked up this
palette a number of times since first
trying
it always tells me I like it a lot okay
then guys week three I decided to try
hourglass modernist palette in exposure
this palette actually comes in different
variations of colors I just decided to
choose this one which is very very
powerfully kind of mixed of colors I was
really excited to try it and I even got
a little too excited and tried a cut
crease look it was a semi play over also
almost apart but not really quite there
but at least I gave it a go it's a very
good looking palette look at the hilly
marble effects and the presentation of
the actual colors so do you mind not
putting me on your blog this palette is
56 pounds which is more expensive it's
more on the luxury end but just remember
it does come in a variation of colors so
you don't have to particularly get this
one okey dokey week 4 guys I tried the
Giorgio Armani eyes to kill for color
eye shadow now I must admit I judge the
book by its cover but although
technically this cover is a really good
one because insured your money I kind of
put in my head that oh it's luxury
makeup it's just going to be overpriced
there's only four colors in there you
know it's all about the name blah blah
blah then I actually tried it and I was
very delighted by the outcome and the
look that I managed to create with just
these four colors in fact the look
looked absolutely amazing before I even
use all four colors the quality was
really really great I'm not so sure
about the packaging it's kind of that
really classic looking packaging like
you know almost like you know that your
mum will have this kind of thing in her
makeup bag and she will have it for
years and then you also do get the two
makeup brushes in there that I have
fallen out for me but I've never used
them and I don't think I ever would
because they are pretty useless this
palette is 50 pound guys which is
expensive for just four colors and four
colors that are not that exciting either
although I did
really enjoy using this palette and was
super surprised by the quality and
actually what I did learn from using
this planet is that sometimes quality
over quantity is there for you guys
in the long run okay so finally guys
week number five which was last week I
tried the Charlotte Tilbury luxury
palette and it is again four colors I
picked it in vintage vamp mainly because
I was super attracted to these two
shades over here the bottom-right one
being a very amazing for any kind of
gold which I was really excited to use
and then I was equally surprised to see
that the one on top glided onto my
eyelids absolutely beautifully this
planet isn't actually palette and it is
39 pounds so Noah name is expressive as
the Giorgio Armani one but definitely a
lot more exciting in terms of the color
combinations in each palette because the
Giorgio Armani one does come in
different variation so you could pick a
palette with more green shades etc and
you can do with Charlotte Tilbury but I
feel like the variety in each full color
palette is a lot more exciting let's say
guys with all of the looks what I've
been doing is just looking at the
palette and just kind of figuring out
what to do there and then lot of the
looks would please handle anything like
that I really enjoyed the look I came up
with although it was a lot more glam
okay guys so they are the five palette
well I'm actually going to do now is to
count down to the Holy Grail in at
number five is probably going to be the
Laura Mercier extreme neutral palette
although it's the biggest palette fair
with the majority of colors I just
didn't enjoy it as much and I actually
haven't gone to pick it up and use it
again just try and get almost six weeks
ago it's 45 pounds so the price is
definitely reasonable but unfortunately
for me the fallout of the eyeshadow just
meant that I really wasn't enjoying it
because it was so much effort trying to
get a lot of the pigment on somewhere to
live so number five number four ladies
is definitely going to have to be the
hourglass modernist palette I do love
hourglass but I wasn't that impressed
with the palette it did pigment really
well and it
me to do a cut crease but I think maybe
it's a little bit overpriced and you're
paying mainly for the presentation of
the eyeshadow and plus I haven't picked
it up again since trying it so that's
the meat of me a lot okay in at number
three I think it's probably going to
have to be Giorgio Armani okay
technically I couldn't fold this palette
at all
other than the outdated packaging
potentially it's very like lightweight
drastic it doesn't feel very luxury and
considering it is 50 pounds I would want
it to feel like I really don't want to
drop this and break it do you know what
I mean the quality was flawless however
and I have actually gone to pick this up
a few more time since using it so it's
in at number three well I just tells me
the other two are pretty great so guys
the Holy Grail is going to be either the
road I'll pallet all the toilet to
everyone I think we do bits of
penetrated the can be it's gonna be
shower till republic guys I have so quit
the way I said that I just think it's so
glam the colors in the palette just
especially those two Wow oh my god I
think I knew was the Holy Grail as soon
as I went and put that on my lid did you
see the glide on the lid I was just like
you know what I'm talking about I
actually do have it in another color
variation as well which I'm yet to try
but I cannot wait to try and this is 39
pounds guys so it's luxury but it's no
one nails expensive is some of the other
luxury one for full shades and like I
said earlier I love the variety within
the full palettes rather than the more
being very very similar kind of shades
it just allows for a lot more room to be
a lot more creative and a lot more glam
basically you can go from zero with this
palette to 100 really really quick oh my
god I got some on my jeans see the
packaging is just so I think iconic for
Charlotte Tilbury I really really
enjoyed this palette guys can't wait to
try out all the other colors for me it's
the Holy Grail look how compact it is
but in mind in the amount of lift you
can create let me know which palette you
guys think should have been the Holy
Grail or if you agree with me or if
you've even tried this planet before and
what looks you've created with it
because I love to see their make sure
you head on over to Harvey Nichols comm
forward slash beauty to check out the
full reviews of each of the palette and
also to have a look at the full reviews
of other makeup categories that the
other bloggers have also been reviewing
and also to see what the Holy Grail and
all the other categories are as well I
am going to now go and enjoy my Holy
Grail for the master going out to an
event later yes thanks very much for
watching and I will see you in my next
video till next time
hi Kimberly
