hi guys I'm back with my second
installment for the Harvey Nichols Holy
Grail campaign and I'm going to be
reviewing another eyeshadow palette and
then a why but like I can't say I shadow
eyeshadow quickly I shadow palette
eyeshadow palette I've noticed this
happening with me with loads of
different words in the past few years my
speech like my pronunciation or some
words are finally more difficult I don't
know why - and never had a problem
before anyway this week I shadow palette
is the road dial samake I scoped
eyeshadow palette matte and shimmer
ultra soft blendable shadows quite
little as you can see I believe that
this palette is 35 powered guys so here
it is it's a nice smooth matte black
finish all this fluffy little piece look
I could literally fit that into my
turban if I want is wow what it's
compact
so on the back it shows you the names of
the colors they've kept it very very
simple 1 2 3 4 5 6 so there are 6 shades
in here let's open it up
any neat and kind of matter of fact I
would say if the palette guys we've got
a lovely charcoal D black you've got a
nice Brown we've got what looks like a
very topi kind of skin color we've got
what looks like a shimmery brown this
one over here I would say it's like a
dusted Coralie and right on the end
there we've just got a nice matte
off-white not even off-white actually
it's more of a cream I think I want to
do for long smoke well I mean I'll try
god these mirrors are so good but they
just don't make me feel good about my
makeup application ok so the idea of
these videos guys remember it's kind of
like the first impression so I've never
used any of these palettes but I'm going
to be doing over the next few weeks I'm
testing them out there and then with you
guys and seeing basically if I like it
and at the end of the 5 weeks I will you
know have a look at everything
I reviewed and pick which one is my Holy
Grail I'm just going to look at the
palette and do whatever look comes into
my head so none of these looks are
pre-planned so what I'm warning you
basically is that it's my
looks are gross don't judge me on it
yeah cause it's not like I've planned it
and practicing I am going to go ahead
and take shade one two removable five
shade number five my simple and I'm
going to put that all over my lid
actually everywhere I'm going to put it
everywhere
why not feeling that Brown it orange but
so last week I actually applied
everything to just one eye and then when
off-camera and did the other line but
I'm going to try and the student voice
at the same time for this video
oh my god I forgot to zoom y'all in come
a little closer okay so the description
that they had is commendable so far
seems very easy to blend I mean I've
barely done any swiping and it's just
going on very very epic honestly without
any patching or barely any fallout so
far okay my eye patches aren't we
sticking also I'm probably enough to
neaten up with concealer later all of
this I especially do you know most days
guys if I did want to do eyeshadow but
I'm not really doing anything fancy I'm
just kind of doing nothing I would just
stop here I'll describe this obviously
an ideal mascara you know loads of like
our skills we have like really dark eye
circles and like dark eyelids sometimes
I don't either but I shadow I just put
concealer at the bottom under my eyes to
hide the bags and but then I leave
literally just my skin at the top and in
a flattened way and I had it because my
lizhen likes dark and orange I need to
get a different eye pad for this so hold
on one second don't you know that don't
work I don't even care I'm going all the
way up to the brow and then we'll
highlight it later on right at the end
just do it man he can get out of your
comfort zone guys get out of it
oh I am loving it so far I'm going to
use one color and haven't figured out
exactly what I'm going to do next but
we'll just see what happens with my
finger to see I know I'm going to do I'm
going to be brave okay I'm going to go
for this the darkest shade over here
which is number one and I am going to
apply it along this almost as if it's
eyeliner so
I'm actually very scared not going to
like but let's do it we can always clean
up with concealer right guys actually
I'm not going to risk you I'm going to
put tape underneath so one second bet
with Mei let's go for yellow masking
tape I hope this doesn't hurt me can get
a little brush and I'm just going to
apply it as if okay I'm actually really
scared oh no not that scary
why it just from the edge stairs if it's
alive my kind of thing and I'm going to
work my way in not here just different
aligner so I don't want to wear eyeliner
for any of the eyeshadow palette looks
to be fair I don't actually want to try
eyeliner with any of them I'm also just
brushing it up slightly and I'm working
in very very small amounts guys start
small build it up I mean that's a good
piece of advice for life in general like
if you ask me wow if this tasting works
why have I never done it before we've
made my life so much easier with
everything Mady huh okay this one I feel
like I've gone up into my crease a bit
so I'm not gonna be able to rectify that
we'll have to do the same on this side
very blendable though guys
I thought so then that was a look that's
going to be quite heavy but I feel like
it's not going to be that heavy I just
think it might just be alright really
let's quit while we're ahead
so go for the dark brown one which is
number two to number two and I think I'm
going to put that in the crease so that
you can see the difference between this
orangey kind of slide
look ruining yet not ruining and I'm
just kind of dabbing it dabbing slash
stroking in but not too much blending -
business I'm going to go all the way in
guys all the way in this deposit room
how do you okay yeah so far so far I
really do like this summit yeah can you
do whack down there
can you see what putting in that dark
brown has done I've kind of put it along
crease and then I blended it upwards
this eye looks better than this one I
messed this one up a bit and then try to
blend it more but it didn't work so much
but the way I'm going to take the
lightest shade there which is another
fix and I'm going to put that directly
under my brows see how that goes
that doesn't do much to be sure I'm not
gonna lie oh that's a bit old come
actually
does a little bit but maybe I should
have dumped in my brush actually hold on
let me dampen my brush and then ties up
well but okay yes Lydia's got a packet
on there we go oh I might be going to
take my pinkie finger and use that same
shade in the inner corners of my eye as
well light on those tea ducts just make
sure that you're not sleazy when you do
this because in about 15 minutes
they will turn themselves into pies
movies I shadow
I've oh geez nobody likes a bogey in
fact sometimes I think I birdies away
from actual movies I'm going to go for
the only shimmer shade in the palette
which is one two three
Oh number four right here and I'm going
to get me finger and I'm going to put
that directly on my lid I'm going to
take this finger here you swipe so much
mmm bronzy coppery look I'm going to
call this yes yes yes this is bringing
it to life yeah that shimmer shade is
vital it feels like no fallout okay well
actually that's a lie you can see on the
yellow tape a little bit but that's
probably not fall out that's literally
from the brush touching it I'm loving it
so far and you know I really like about
smaller palettes guys don't over
complicate things especially if you're
not like a connoisseur in eyeshadows
then you don't feel too overwhelmed in
terms of like not knowing what colors
are going for next or if you're not
maybe like good at picking colors to go
together this kind of just does it for
you I love that I think about flipping
one before I'm going to take the take
off now we're going to see the damage oh
my god that is so clean oh my god why do
I never do this alright all it feels as
though I have to put eyeliner to go
along that cup Wow
we're about to get real messy I'm going
to take the black actually I'm going to
bring it kind of a little bit under and
I'm going to bring it to just the outer
edge of my eye but not all the way so
we're just going to go heavy on the ends
there we'll just see how it works so
they believe that the masking texting
was pointless because I'm gonna ruin it
all right now this is too neat for
me maybe I should get a smaller brush
kinda helps to keep in that shape of the
wings now I'm going to take this brush
and blend it all tarnish all I've done
now guys have I gone a bit of I made a
mess think hard and think fast
okay I'll sort it out I'm going to go
back to this brush and I'm going to take
that dark brown try and rectify some of
the smudges emerges on the black
I can see this going totally pear-shaped
but okay honestly guys I'm not gonna be
able to do better than that I don't
think so just using this very very flat
brush to bring out the black eyeshadow
or missing a point there but honestly
I've got to stop there because I'm not
gonna be able to do any more with that
without completely having to star gain
nobody wants that especially not me you
know so far I'm loving the palette I
really am there was no fallout no
problem is blending no overpowering I am
going to now add some mascara lashes and
come back and we'll see how it looks
with that okay okay guys I'm back I've
added lashes but I also have added a
little bit of a shiny brown liner on my
waterline and then I took some of the
dark brown over here which is number two
and put it underneath my lashes and and
then I also took the shimmer shade again
and I put it just on the bottom of my
inner corner which I'll zoom in and show
you guys no just ignore that one of the
lashes looks different to the other side
because like I've applied this one
slightly higher than this one lower so I
couldn't be bothered trying to fix it
man takes ages and then when you get the
glue all over your eyeshadow you go
right to high that is some pain you
don't even know I did at the bottom but
I haven't put any mascara on my bottom
lashes because I don't think I need to
call all the dark shades it
so as usual I'll just do the standard
might be quite happy with how it came
out we did have that wobbly bit in the
middle with the black eyeshadow it's
always scary using black eyeshadow I
think it came out all right I feel I've
created like a winged look and I haven't
even used eyeliner so I really like it I
would totally go out like this
in fact we're going out all in all pat
on the back for me but thanks to the
palette obviously my small compact
palette but they ensured that quality
has been the number one factor for this
palette I think why should do actually a
swatch every shade like I did last week
let's keep it consistent Dena just so
you guys can see it on my arm as well as
on that and so from the bottom we've got
one two three four five six
pretty much blend into my skin again
that's the shade I used almost as a
highlight underneath my brow and in a
corner one down here we used it to
create a flick and we used a little bit
I'm on my lash line number two we used
it in decrease as well as on the outer
corner to blend out the world believe it
that we had number three we didn't use
it all number three number four which is
the shimmery one we used to get the
coppery kind of bronze Fe on the lid and
a little bit all right over here number
five we used all over my eyelid all the
way up to my eyebrows and I already told
you about that one so that's it guys all
in all this palette gets an A+ genuinely
does actually no i'm not going to say a+
just palette get an A and it gets an A
it doesn't get B a plus because it's 35
pounds and you do only get six colors so
that's why it's not getting the plus or
the star other than that though quality
is amazing absolutely no fallout
good pigment so easy to blend just like
it says I actually really love it so I
can't really fault it other than it's
only six colors so it'd be good maybe if
they bring out the same idea in other
color choices because I don't think they
have that right now and but maybe that's
something that
they'll look at you know the future and
maybe also some moral shimmer shades you
know what it could have done with
another shimmer shade I think in the
palette that would have been nice if the
that clearly beige at the top there that
we use to highlight there maybe that was
a shimmery one maybe that could have
made it a little bit more versatile
maybe if you're one for eyeshadow every
day and you go for these kind of tones
all the time then I'm pretty sure you're
creative enough to create numerous kind
of brown smokey / every day / barely
anything looks you know it's like I said
at the beginning of the video I would
have just gone out with what we put all
over the lid if any of you guys have
tried it let me know in the comments
what you guys think of it and what kind
of looks you've created just to share
some ideas around why not don't forget
to head on over to Harvey Nichols campos
/ the UT see the other bloggers and what
they reviewed this week and make sure
you click on my particular profile to
see updates on the products from me and
without further ado I shall see you next
week with another eyeshadow palette
feel free to guess which one it might be
in the comments till next time bye
