hi guys so I'm back with another opening
my post video as usual guys some of
these are things that I've ordered
myself from Amazon or from wherever I've
ordered a lot of this form Amazon though
and some of these are things that I've
got in my mailbox so I'm going to start
with smallest package we have a card
here it says sweet cardoon oh there's a
discount code for you guys as well we
use the cardoon in a traditional
technique coming from Algeria to
straighten the hair naturally without
the use of heat oh it is rubber that we
wrap on tight around our hair before we
before going to sleep
oh it's and on the front there my hair
my crown and I just got out it's
basically a long ribbon what to do with
this so you wrap it around your hair at
night when you sleep and when you take
it off the cardoon the hair is off
smooth sleek and soft it's the best tool
to get rid of hair straightener oh you
can find a video to explain how to use
it on our website
sweet cardoon calm I don't actually need
this because my hair dead-straight me I
wish there was some girls in there I'm
actually not gonna be able to try it and
like tell you I'll if it works but it's
interesting to know anyways next for
this big package over here which seems
to have also come in my mailbox so let's
have a look we have learning guys
clothing you know this is a very very
short little note over here masterpiece
paper this is a waste of paper might do
Dena hope you like your gift from a Tsar
Hakam idea is our London is not her eyes
our eyes are London one luckily rare oh
it's long oh it's lonely the next little
curvature around the backside to just
put it out there for anybody who ever
wants to send me any clothes and the
clothes tend to be like sweaters things
like that go for a large or an extra
large because Vienna likes Hettinger
very oversized you get me that says
happy be cadivi have evening Arabic
means my love of black hoodies Morgan a
lot okay so there's the logo episode
then oh it says equi this law on the
back there guys which means in Arabic
Brotherhood this looks very nice and
there's it's on the side which is good
because my hips probably a lighter than
this so make way left hip make way for
the right hip nice oh yes yes yes yes
yes guys I bought myself for packet of
individual ardell lashes let me just
explain to you why okay well I mean the
obvious reason I wear them a lot but
these are brown lashes right I always do
individual lashes and they're always
black but I've always thought to myself
you know part of the reason I love
individual lashes is because you can
just fill your browser lightly we're
barely any makeup and you have your
lashes and you look fabulous I always
thought that the black lashes were
always a bit too harsh and they were
really obvious so like the other day I
was sitting down thinking you know I
should invent brown lashes because I
never seen brown lashes anywhere this is
going to be a revolution I am gonna have
a lash line and they're going to be
brown lashes and then I just went on
Amazon and they already have been fun oh
yes I bought Hannah some honey sticks
some beeswax crayons because obviously
any other crayons actually she just goes
to munch them so hopefully if she goes
too much of these well she won't be able
to do they're massive and and I won't
need to worry so much about about it
being dangerous or whatever so it's made
for my underspent natural beeswax and
non-toxic pigment next big box over here
came through my mailbox so this is
Rebecca Minkoff it's Rebecca Minkoff
whoo okay guys let's have a look I've
got a little Rebecca Minkoff bag looks
like over here I'm going to be gentle hi
Dina I hope you enjoy your new Rebecca
Minkoff and have a great new year
well well well let's get everything out
cuz this is quite exciting not gonna lie
okay let's put that gently down
wow this is actually a beautiful-looking
bad guys check out my new bag
lavender love a bit lavender it's
actually pretty beautiful guys after to
carefully place that onto the dining
table please dear
oh why do you say department hands
wrench little stash seems it touch the
leather if you were ever stupid enough
to place it on the floor ha don't with
no ridiculous
no way No
look at it look at this extra strap they
sent me for it bad oh my god that's
beautiful
oh that's so nice that's wonderful
that is the height this is wonderful I
love it I could even use this on other
cars you know well I must say thank you
very much something else I've ordered
from Amazon everything I'm going to show
you now is basically a bunch of
stationery I'm going back to school
I am indeed and my first lesson is
actually what happened by climbs video
goes up so I got a Sharpie pen Pat calm
- I got the glass headed pins
I got cancelled I got fancy masking tape
and I got my fave scissors mate
basically in case you're wondering I am
going to a pattern making course and you
know I like to consider myself a
designer and I can serves up like that
but it's very very but I do things very
very unconventionally
one might say as I wanted to just kind
of go just to improve collection that we
did before was the debut collection kind
of like breaking in now I'm going to be
working on my first actual collection so
yeah I really want to brush up on my
skills so that when we're working with
people and stuff I know I'm talking
about properly basically guys and babies
are rough they have these two slash sock
things which I really needed more of for
hannah because she's not
walking yet so she's so bumpy shuffling
but she still needs something on her
feet to protect her but when I put
proper shoes or trainers on her they
just annoys her so I'm kind of going to
increase their doing ma cons brand
Oh
glitter a little bit hello Jean and
Merry Christmas hope you're well
celebrate the festive season with
licensed send you some luxury treats
from Fashion Fair Cosmetics a brand
dedicated to making cosmetics for women
of color which empower you to be
unapologetically bold and ambassador Lea
beautiful colors dazzle I am blush
palette almost others actually too
exciting
oh is interesting palette check oh nice
bit oh I did not blend anything what I
done to my eyebrows today no no no none
are vina not good honey
no no not disgusting no illness over
longing the lips everything in the mess
anyway back to the palette check it out
guys Oh chocolate Oh wonderful guys if
you're wondering why I keep putting on a
posh accent okay because I'm currently
watching the crown yes
Wow products over here a blusher the
makeups playing hide and seek with me it
really is under all the stencils oh I
like this color Ellen what whoa it's
gold
oh it's a very nudey pink oh very much
like my scarf okay guys I've just come
back home after being out after filming
everything you're ready just saw and
since I've been out something else came
in the post and it's a pretty big box so
I just thought let me just unbox this as
well because I really want to know
what's in it I don't want to wait until
my next opening post video to see what
it is right bubble wrap guys this is
from you I can't really share my
excitement with you because I did put it
out of sleep and I'm trying to keep the
levels down but inside I'm like let me
die oh my love this packaging is just
I mean what a beauty if I get the light
to reflect you can see it says you too
right I'm keeping this box forever I've
got a little thing here saying steam
Tokyo do you Deena the world is more
beautiful and a lot more fun with you
all thank you for changing perspectives
and redefining culture have a fabulous
2017 from Vivian and the youtubes
diverse thing Satya is vc-1 16 is almost
in the books maybe you did you did the
first little bath thing for running man
symbolist decided to roast yourself and
spent a few hours doing the ball flick
I'm guessing thank you for being a part
of YouTube's real are arranged
brace yourself what I'm about to show
you we have ladies and gentlemen we have
an Adidas tracksuit
not just any adidas track you guys it's
a customized one it says on the back Z
they're 60 and there's a YouTube play
button on the top look at where oh my
god but it's so cool this is the best
present I've ever had in my entire life
it is going to be actually so jealous
this is like I don't think I'm ever
gonna wear distract it honestly I'm just
going to keep it nicely in the box
the lid back on lovely literally what a
beautiful beautiful dress funny
goodness me anyway guys I'm really oh
that's loud whoo I'll see you on my next
video thanks for watching and for next
one
