we're at Heathrow Airport and I've got
funny story to tell you me and said it
on the way to the very right we were
supposed to be vlogging on the new g7x
mark to camera right now what happened
is since 2005 so stop filming it was
like yeah this comin so hefty and we
were like yes you know what let's call
it the bad-boy camera oh my god we
called it bad for like yo we love a name
for its abundance come a twenty-minute
some band into the land that's about
what the answer is like hold on a minute
give me give me the camera back and I'm
like what what is it it didn't do a
slash whoa what is the bad boy do right
and he takes off man he looks good soon
as I kill it such a piece of net as I
what you mean me
turns out so clip in g1 ik Sid ordered
the G oh my god Sarah one X instead of
the g7x he mistook the one the ding-ding
one for a seven and now we're lumbered
with the old g7x to vlog to buy with
hepatech footage is really thick you
know
you know beggars can't be choosers and
all we're going to do a bunch of tourism
stuff and it's going to be amazing
we look forward to our brand new sky
camera and I will onboard with this so
it's okay you can have a mistake one
city much I don't make a lot of mistakes
he doesn't so I'm not even annoyed he
must have been up retired like makkad
when you or when I do make them deep
breathing
yeah there can you oh one way awesome
how does that with us I'm although I
feel a bit sad I'm more excited than
anything kind of thing with my mom we
only go for like three nights so excited
so this even measure sake although he
looks bored as hell
oh the camera on me okay cameras on me
right now
we go on the first we can let's give you
a little tour yes but I found this next
to me but is not my next week
Allegra oh because my name is Louie he
did many of the tasks of some drinks
over here mr. Katzenbach isn't a funny
because about to get my own socks up my
bags but now that we see how does that
make it not say look different today
oh wow I can't but invention breaking it
is legit so excited right now especially
hilarious sort it was exciting enough
the way everything is intro with these
rails just remind me of getting in the
bath oh yeah I just feel horrible
han da can pee
yes
oh my god
oh my god he could not toothpaste move
over daddy you don't answer your second
thing good take spectra me I am no
wonder what your son don't need of
nothing about the concertina just got my
penis but mine's a lot more maybe light
look at this silver gilt our guys I'm
gonna set the camera up I'm gonna do
quick no hole for your cane both of all
I've got a believer Girardi all of our
visual good lighting
I got a PA all I got home or the problem
high five
Thank You Kim yeah cocaine cocaine sighs
I got a mirror no I don't know
hey - give me man maybe one of those
thank you - did you get colder and then
obviously fabs walking I mean a
toothless
thank you Tom - you monster
yeah hey
the
Oh
okay but your Majesty oppa
I can have the reversible I'm speaking
like I have all the 50 days
full face of makeup I would have all my
makeup survived Lanza makes music loud
inside I didn't which just what we ought
to be ideas that basically I will do a
close
Omega oxygen in London I saw a video on
Instagram actually literally was the
face develops and in full phase of their
makeup I'm getting it's like a challenge
now so
like it had to look like my boys off to
make it is
to society but yeah I want this thing I
was just getting anything you don't even
need it
what's annoying he's like yeah order to
take it up like them
I've only got four drinks over here they
different
ultimately see a necropsy where they
hope to get more power now obsessed by
there's a little sign for now
I
I think limits to go
laughter Wow
size means lamb data we just picked up
our luggage log was said thanks for
picking up the luggage no you know when
I'm talking like I kind of spoke about
me but I can't hear how loud them
talking to this like you see is the
muted and - really horrible anyway
the rusty lunge is like an hour and a
half late so we're just going to go get
our cab to the hotel check in very fancy
palm trees in the airport lovely I
finally got the driver so it is nice on
me anyway nice car guys like let's yell
- the Gorbachev the angle rock so it's
right now about 11 a.m. here and do be
we're alone it's box area and so we're
going to go on I'm a good safety clothes
I am one more time to let the gloves
come at me
oh thank you hey my bad are you all
trying it again
Oh diligence no it was terrible daily
today
- ladies the flight was really nice but
we're just - telling it right worth it
but the flight was on Tino much Wi-Fi
available I'm Wi-Fi in the car will you
find she home let's update the off the
ground and shall we
we make it an absolute mess let me give
you a quick tour to the lesson have a
few little walk-in closet sections
lovely okay okay okay okay
and walking that's it there's a door so
the lesson have the bathroom this is a
bath tub or shower as well nice big
mirror I like big mirrors everywhere
strangers make dinner there
oh this isn't just a magnifying one
perfect
I'd like you to water Wow
and then the actual toilet itself is a
little section over here come on the
bathroom well this bowl I mean a bath
road were on about yeah there's a phone
company if they need to call you and
you're having a fit then you can answer
no diffusive bathro okay let me take you
out into the actual and now contact
exciting bit this lovely case is another
mirror oh and there's a filete male on
the door which is so important I don't
think hotels understand how important is
to have a full-length mirror with decent
space ok so there's another mirror there
little dressing area just two drawers
that's probably mini fridge in there you
have look I see what they have in
goodbye in the fridges a bit of alcohol
I'm not going to be touching out
obviously and drink smoke Andy okay
whatever
oh sure you check what's in the drawers
exactly
oh well the Campbell you know right
relax when you follow the palm these are
the mugs when you want to be in tough
guys by the way we're seeing a Fairmont
the palm nice big telly so much beer
suitcase mice Big O is not so much keep
us up in there yes another amazing
mirror
this room is stick
cause I said this room is ethics if I
love it and then we've got a nice lock
out there which I am going to move over
here and sit right in front of this flip
in amazing view that Sid is blocking I
don't even need my lights make because
the light coming from this view is
insane I'm gonna film a get ready with
me and you're going to do the voiceover
you get me anyway let's just take a step
outside shall we we've got beats TV you
guys let me and say it totally gonna
lounge here in the evenings here is the
you look at it you go through that and
apply the beat so they have for the
hotel which we have to go on to consider
in the beginning I like I didn't really
want to go to beach but actually it
looks so not messy for a piece of lip
looks amazing like look at the view
absolutely beautiful
amazing I'm just he does it dan is talky
on behalf of our entire team I would
like to extend your warmer contain your
fake space with 250 generous you've ever
hop on you're sincerely general manager
femme of the palm are thank you mister
famines apart let's just get one of
these Busboys oh let's get them both out
you open that one I have miss one all
right man okay oh they're days amazing
open that one supply conduit know
they're shopping for clothes chocolate
chocolate chocolate lovely
okay now we're really gonna end the vlog
because we're going to change relax a
bit and then I think we've got a tour
guide coming at 350 because then we're
going cut off the party but that'll be
in the next vlog so mmm let the blog's
commence stick but a bing bada boom
what about love
