hi guys so you might be wondering why my
face is so droopy and I don't look like
Deena today well that's basically
because I'm currently upside-down yes I
am today's video I thought with all the
crazy challenges around
actually this was SIDS idea let's do my
makeup upside down your voice intimated
by the way up ill right so I might take
this hoodie off we need to get started
because the blood is rushes to my head
and I really need to get up me sit I
think I need a stool
I need something to rest my head on
because it's literature hanging right
there you still oh that's a bit there
right yeah that's definitely better okay
so the thing is you have to pass me
things because I literally can't reach
pass me my Maybelline my little tube of
like concealer no my little tube
Maybelline tube yeah you can't be slow
about yes thank you guys I'm just gonna
do you know like a regular face nothing
fancy we just need to get the makeup on
so can you give me something but have
the mirror as well Syd because I'm just
using the viewfinder Reina
when it's at my nose ring out like to
use my concealer as a foundation
am I really letting this go on YouTube
right now see is this a bit dangerous my
face doesn't look like doesn't look at
the right color also suggest that you
take breaks every now and then to let
the blood rush back out or down cuz I'm
gonna need one in literally two minutes
can you get me the Beauty Blender please
it's a sponge
yeah it's a filthy one don't mind it
guys and then i'll unban mama so you
look pretty confident I thought yous
gonna be a mess yeah she doesn't look
too bad you know why cuz the mirror is
not upside down oh okay we got you the
mirror the system yeah there you go I'm
set up side down there you go you hold
the mirror for me and I'm upside down in
the mirror there there's no cheating
though yo my forehead won't blend
because I'm too read for this concealer
now giving you some magic words there
okay give me that Kat Von D big pallet
and a brush for Lyman Sorry mate
well that's the shadow oh I'm gonna get
me a pointy brush but like a fat one the
 - get me a fat powder brush I don't
know what a powder brush is a fat one a
fat one that's worse no fat the fat
brushes that'll do
what side down in my mirror or my own
about
come on sit down yeah I'm open I'm
confused what upside down this anymore
okay this is totally the wrong brush oh
this that's the part is good my how you
didn't think this other part of gonna my
eye
yes no my nose is all blocked now this
hurt I feel like seeds look you tried to
kill me off me with all these you know
I've got great challenge for you I got a
lovely challenge for your dinner let's
see how quickly you can kill yourself I
bet you will catch on
I bet you'll catch on my hourglass
powder yeah yeah my hourglass powder
I'll go yeah thank you for that I'd like
to use this hourglass one all over my
face cards cat 1d thing again and a
pointy but ah my finger trapped
it's a mac brush get the only Mattingly
rock down
I can't see anything the microswitch one
yeah the Mac rush and get me the cap 1d
back you know it look like what a month
my cheeks are getting bigger don't need
fillers guys no fillers in the face when
you is upside down honey I don't need
contouring cuz I'm so red can you get me
the skinny funny no it's like a white
and silver one this funny-looking
spaceship one this one no this have a
look at the brand what is it slay is it
hopefully it says slay on it always slay
cosmetics yes slay like s like slay girl
not like Santa Claus no like slay let me
do some nose contouring hey I can't even
do my nose anyway this is a fail get me
the big powder brush again hide that
nose contouring please hide the nose
contour there's a brow pencil Bobby
Brown mark bobby brown brow pencil or
brush is it brown
get me a mirror man I'm smart I'm gonna
keep the eyebrows really light no higher
sin my eyes don't roll that far back for
God's sake uh-huh you know I'm shaking
oh oh gonna give that back did we say in
the carpet my elbows hurt let's have a
new shape eyebrow guys new look new me
new year we're going for the Cara
Delevingne me get the eyeshadow palette
and get me a fluffy brush a little
fluffy eyeshadow brush I look really
goofy from this angle
what's up doc I'm gonna be ill and we've
got a white people meeting after this
and then there's white people coming
over how does that look nice yeah that's
nice rosy touch there isn't as bad to
the hook think we'll keep the eyeshadow
pretty basic
for daug Brown Wow head skin veiny guys
I'm gonna have a two-second break
honestly
Oh pounded me pocket fellow back bitches
what's up thought I was God give me my
eyeliner liquid liner yeah probably
right days no no Tom told Tom Ford stale
order Tom Ford Oh
Comfort the gravity is not healthy my
eye ladies are too wrinkly man
I'm impressed Dean are you doing this
pretty well okay wait shut up you just
jinxed me little oh you it
up again shut up
Sid my hands shaking yep I can't all I'm
look at my eyebrows this is where it
gets hard guys the lighter I would never
go out like this eyeliner like this is
shocking if I ever see you with an ax
like this and I say - Wow nice liner I'm
lying then where's the lid good to know
you can't lose the lid look you took the
damn lid off I gave it to you are you
crazy find the lids
gave it to you man give me high low high
low so Mac it's a Mac little brush black
wood little Mac yeah yeah I heard you
the first time this no not that little
fluffy one get me my blusher I think
there's a little nas mini gnar's what
well I need any pink blusher I know when
I had mumps this is what it's like
you've got some Pescara said what are
you doing on my carpet we still got new
lips guys got something in my eye bruh
tell you what guys this is not fun I
can't breathe through my nose right now
I've got a dark purple e lip liner
that's it I go quite dark on the lips
guys to make up for everything else
that's your chin hey if I can't get
Fitness SID
I've got over drop my lips all right
you'll be overdrawn your chin oh my god
this is an eyeliner no wonder it's not
working
hahaha what are you doing funny yeah you
boss your lips I thought like that is a
bit messy upside it away this is st Lord
a sumptuous knockout mascara I love it
this is my Becca opal highlighted eyes
good in the inner corner me just gonna
fix the eyebrows a bit more normally I
go a bit dark on the brows come on right
come on Eddy shut up I can't dip help me
do it
this is the final look guys do you like
it let's do some more shots guys I'm
going to flip myself the right way round
and let's analyze the actual make up let
me hold my turban so it doesn't fall off
way back up right feeling very dizzy
like the room literally spinning
spinning spinning I don't know spinning
but anyway I have a little look at my
makeup up close I think I need more
mascara really I've got a little mascara
beauty's father forgot to like add
what's happening
what is this go Donny okay I need to fix
that before the people come but other
than that I think it doesn't look too
bad
eyebrows a bit strange this eyeliner is
actually pretty decent right there I
shadow is a full-on mess but don't worry
about that it's always a mess anyway
lipstick isn't too bad all in all I
think I could get away with going out
like that but if you come up close and
notice everything it's quite a messy job
I'll see you on my next video till next
time bye
