I'm perving my lashes guys it's 8 a.m.
basically I can't blink for the next
half hour answer how there's breakfast
this morning
baby baby Cheerios I'm just gonna wait
for my lashes to perm and sit here and
edit yesterday's vlog which is supposed
to go up last night by Ashley fell
asleep so it's gonna go up this morning
instead guys this is Hanna's breakfast
cereal they're Ella's wakey-wakey round
ones because basically I made her try a
cheerio once like an actual adult
cheerio and she loved it and I was like
okay but she can't have this because
like all the sugar so I got these baby
ones instead yeh that's why she likes it
guys because she puts it on her finger
okay like a hula hoop just doing my
makeup guys I don't even know what I'm
doing or to be honest with you I've
literally got like half an hour to do my
face and put my scarf on so late finally
ready bloody hell I'm so late basically
I had a mega foundation dilemma I used
the wrong shape contour I got way too
dark
baby I just want wearing this is the
entrance I supposed to walk in Olympia
West
guys I'm inside the Cadell
or something hi guys are just formulas
people look wonder estra and spicy and I
my shirt Esther is the hot guy a guy I'd
love to go and everything good this is
going to be funny tomorrow's focus so
make sure you watch it yeah unlike you
driving on that lovely lovely anything
shout out to Helen Martin C now C let us
make Victoria Victoria delay guys I just
met Ellie and she lives somewhere one of
my pictures were yeah just try to meet
me then but well now we've met everybody
has to be on some 27
hi guys look at this the inception of
the fisheye lens Russia and Russia and
sharks from Singapore learn how you find
in London I'll hang in there guys I'm
here with Pan Alley as you also has a
YouTube channel
what's it called I'm sorry lead on sadly
this check out what that edges GG feza
makeup it's mainly makeup I've sometimes
two guys I'm with her Sonora beauty oh
what a mouthful right right guys is a
mouthful it's a mouthful but anyway
check out our videos makeup tutorial is
a makeup with a bit monster dilemma
their founding resupply and we were just
trying to comprehend it if you like to
watch it makes me
24 out there
man your makeup is great today so just
did tutorial for this look it'll be in
this video
Oh amazing sick guys we're here and
somebody's comforted but there's all
healthy and he's got it a little gift
beautiful guys are backstage about to go
on his mic
veggie steaks perfect makeup artists Don
Drysdale
but you know there's no worry there is
none
hey this is make much just touched my
legs Hank so much
I've got it
yeah
sans mu sa NDA
Yeah Yeah right yes MUA got some poor
makeup artist exactly right go right now
get twisted
they handle ad species on everybody's
hand everybody in our community
everybody in the muslim' community among
them community
everybody's Hannah is lady here follow
me guys
video somewhere now it's just patient
are in some way she's got a fashionista
Hannah nothing fishy that makeup artists
I make pies everybody expects a makeup
please don't
but she seemed to be in you chips
whether you want to live I got Nick for
Pembridge if the new Nick made very good
I put a little white in the middle too
I need a big bro guys they just put food
out because I have a moment macaroons
about to have 10 of these there's a
random youtube banner here I don't know
why I got feeling there's a YouTube
event and I missed it because I was too
busy saying hi to people oh well they
were giving out loads of eyeshadows and
empty palettes picking up a lip I missed
it because I was off I don't know
Instagram hashtag perfectly needs corner
take a picture right here and also for
the under beautiful guys it was great
but I didn't actually get to see my
apparently back seat had loads of
freebies and loser amazing food Dubai
but I love your blouse oh it is some
more samsara I'm running here first yeah
it just came in so this load I love not
gorgeous
oh thank you I was just gonna say so
come to actually everyday it's
embarrassing
you could working it all thank you Chloe
booty is so lovely guys we will keep the
Express
we're not sharing we're all having their
pizza each come on blokes out here make
Isaak laughs Isaak laughs hey why's it
get off whenever I want to beat I took
my hair she you guys look this is the
mushroom thing bloody great basically
our basically and you you've got a fat
based on get skinny base same with you
and it you've got skinny base yeah if I
wanted a thin base it's called the
Romana what did you ask anything I just
said I want
penis 1 caps of mine take this off look
I want to give me one what the hell guys
are back home and I stink of pizza but
anyway had a really lovely evening out
nice pizza we had a nice candy combos
which was good fun but now I'm home 6
for Hannah to sleep yay thanks it I
really really wanted to like do a
beautycon hole but I literally didn't
get anything there's just two girls that
I met who are from Singapore and they by
the way said in that stripy bag is
Singaporean junk VidCon was fun
interesting
I think I'd definitely go again next
year you know what was cool I was on a
panel with Jordan would she is actually
really cool so that was good and there's
loads of bloggers there I didn't
actually get a chance to meet a lot
bloggers because I was just too busy
meeting you guys away and I'm gonna end
the vlog here I still need to upload
yesterday's vlog quite short but that's
because I've been able to do much but
did you want to entertain them or
something no okay
yo what add it looks I did yo man
I've worn the same t-shirt look it up
Thomas no how was your day with Hannah
it had Hannah all day so tell me about
your dinner oh god my teeth so yellow
that's because I had noodles
