hi guys ok so as you can see I've got no
makeup on my face because today's video
is going to be a makeup kind of video
kind of fish anyway I have had this
humongous box in my household up in my
living room for me to open it for
literally about the last month or
something smashbox messaged me and said
dina we really want to send you our new
collection of lipstick then this massive
box came through so i put it to the side
till i got some time but then what
happened is the week after that another
box packaged the exact same way came
through so now i have two of these
absolutely humongous boxes and i can
only guess that they are the lipsticks
so i thought i'd open them up for you
guys on camera
if this totally fails and it's not the
lipsticks then i'm not sure what this
video will be but if it is the lipsticks
then i thought a good way to swatch some
of them is by using them to do a full
makeup look on my face so a little bit
like the liquid lipstick only challenge
except this is lipsticks
so right now i'm opening the first box
that came to me okay this is actually so
exciting in case definitely smashbox so
it's got to be the lipsticks because i'm
not expecting anything else
don't turn oh my god you have no idea
how heavy this box is in fact it could
probably fill up the whole screen if i
just move out the way yeah there it is
what a lovely box it's like a velvety
matte black okay oh my god it really
literally is all the lipsticks oh my
okay let me just count real quick 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 20 40 60 ok there's 60
lipsticks in this box and i'm guessing
the other box oh my god no it's two
layers oh my god this is insane this is
the first layer guys and here is the
other oh my god this is so heavy
and oh my god that's painful and here's
the other 60 guys technically this
makeup look should be very easy to do
because there's literally every color
here oh my god and i was thinking
what mirror am I going to use for this
there's a massive mirror in front of me
to use oh hi Gina we've launched 120
brand new lipsticks enjoy the full
selection in our fabulous collection box
it is fabulous the full range is
available now at Boots UK which color to
choose question mark lots of love team
Smashbox that is insane okay oh my god
the bottom row is like all the nudes and
browns in the world let's open up the
second box okay these box number two
okay let's just get into opening this
because imagine if we sent oh my god
they literally send me a second why they
sent me a second but oh my god I think
they sent me two lots by accident hold
on maybe what a box of them is like Matt
and the other box is like not Matt I
feel like I've been naughty or something
uh Smashbox if you're watching this then
you sent me 240 lips hold on
really 240 lipsticks no no this can't be
right
what two guys I now have two of these
absolutely humongous Smashbox lipstick
boxes that's the really exciting okay
guys you know what let's start looking
at the lipsticks i'm swatching them on
my face in the form of a full face
makeup tutorial let's just go for it
okay I'm gonna just literally yes let's
pick up something that looks like my
foundation color done deal shade let's
open it up so look at this color could
that be a foundation shade potentially
no I'm actually gonna go for the Phantom
shade phantom all over my face and we
can see what's what's going on because
I've gotta do something with lipsticks
right so it just makes sense for me to
put all over my face
there's a bit of shimmer in this
lipstick looks like to me there's a
little bit of shimmer I think there's a
bit of shimmer this is gonna be such a
great challenge actually oh I don't know
what this is gonna look like guys lets
blend ICI wag one oh wow guys this has a
real shimmer to it oh wow is it's like
an illuminating lipstick foundation this
is okay we can see that I'm looking at
the inside access color that looks like
a good word for concealer very pink you
turn there
not bad at all actually this could
actually work the only thing is guys I'm
gonna have to use like a regular powder
to set this if I'm going to be able to
do the rest of the face otherwise it's
just not gonna be a look really is it
that is well and truly my base let's see
what else we need I'll look at doing my
brows now I'm gonna attempt the shade
press tour and it's in matte there we go
it's that shade that's way too light
let's have a look at warrior pose that's
a much deeper brown actually working
great for my brows okay now I have some
hope by the way don't get excited I'm
not doing some crazy makeup look
anything I'm literally just gonna try
and make myself you know presentable to
go out as I would if I was just doing my
face on a regular day yeah that'll work
for me brows done I want to go for like
a ready shade already orange shade for
what they like to say is a transition
color Billy picked up juice it there's
the shade
well guys lipsticks are so much easier
to blend then like actual eye shadow I
can't believe they sent me that many
Syd's just in short this could actually
be a really good tutorial not gonna like
nylon nude and put that basically all
over my lids here it is nylon nude I
shouldn't use that for foundation down
you live in your Lin don't yes this is
you five thousand and forty dollars
worth of lipsticks oh my god how do you
know oh you would do you're such a bloke
Wow my eyes look so creamy is really
nice actually I think I need to go for
like a darker Brown he kind of look I'm
gonna pick up this shade which is called
chestnut
I'm gonna put that on the outer corners
of my eye let's say along the you know
look there so such a Kylie Jenner look
what Kylie Jenner just taken over kind
of Jenna you gotta say that I know Carly
Jenna boys this is such a Kylie Jenner
look guys it's only like a makeup artist
popping up out of the Woodworks just on
Instagram and they like makeup artist
but really when when it comes down to
the nitty-gritty you know they don't
know what they're doing because like
you booked them out for like a photo
shoot and stuff like that they actually
don't know what they're doing and I was
talking about this with actual makeup
artists that we're doing my face for the
for the YouTube made for you kanpei and
you know like actual makeup artists who
like trained and studied for years and
they've been really working on their
craft and like they know all the ins and
out they can do anyone's face you know
and they're not just on trends like
contouring and they're not they don't
just like follow trends and then do that
really good on themselves they can do
everyone's face and they have portfolio
they get really frustrated ah you know
Instagram makeup artists who just come
out of nowhere and get booked for stuff
when they literally can't do a good job
because it's affecting the actual makeup
artists obviously there's Instagram
makeup artists who come out of the
Woodworks and are amazing but literally
anybody can be makeup artist now a
Shalvis on a shade for contour yeah that
works for contour I always noticed like
whenever you see like you know the
makeup tutorials that you see like on
Instagram the really quick ones
everybody always contours the forehead
the same way I just think why because
everybody has a different shape oh yeah
just like an idiot right now and then I
think is that how I should be contrary
mine but my logic is I've got a long
forehead right so it makes sense to put
dark at the top if I want to shorten it
but then I just kind of do it and I
don't really want to shorten my forehead
cuz I like big foreheads but I'm just
doing it because that's what those
tutorials something to do and the
overall always looks better I suppose
it's to balance out the like Brown at
the top and the size as well I don't
know so far what we've learnt is
lipstick for contouring blends way
easier than any other contour product on
the planet by the way these brushes I'm
using are from slay cosmetics this is
something that I like fell for from this
Instagram tutorials as well you know
when there's like a proper disco ball
going on at the end of your nose like I
tried that for a bit and I was like yeah
I look like that Instagram makeup but
like it just doesn't look right there's
a disco ball on the end of your nose
like why does anybody I don't understand
the highlighting the tip of the you know
think now because if you think about it
like why would anybody want to highlight
the end or the nose of them I just
emphasize it like we're going to go to
inside access and put that under my
brows to clean up of it yep
Punk'd
Matt hopefully it's a black it oh it's
not black it's like a charcoal II bluey
gray okay I'm gonna try using that for
eyeliner see how it goes yeah this isn't
really working as eyeliner but we'll
just run with it
I'm gonna pick this really purpley kind
of pink shade called fan mail look at it
oh and put tiny bit of that on my cheeks
I'm a dab dab dab with my finger found
this color called deep and it looks like
it could be a really dark navy oh it is
could be black but it's not it's a navy
I'm gonna put that just on the edges I
am I don't care I'm just going for it
for lips I found this shade called
coffee run I think I'm gonna grab that
beautiful and use it to line my lips you
know or just like kind of like on the
outer edges guys you will be happy to
know that I am so over getting lip
fillers I've mentioned it in quite a few
of my previous videos how I'm like
really thinking I'm getting lip fillers
and I'm quite obsessed with that right
now but I never actually went and did it
and I'm glad I didn't cuz now I'm over
it
the coffee run this morning just gonna
darken the edges I found this shade
called made it it looks like a ready
Brown so I'm gonna try that for the rest
of my lips
I'm gonna use it like a natural lipstick
whoo oh that is the best shade on the
planet nice you're just gonna cheat a
little bit forget a liquid liner and do
black liquid liner and then mascara and
then I think we should stop there maybe
I did my liner and I put mascara on and
this is the final look I'm like slighly
impressed with myself I think I could
actually even add more contour you know
but I'm not going to but I could but I
mean I would totally go out like
I really hope you guys like this little
Talon until next time
