morning this is today's outfit we need
to iron dem pants but first coffee guys
look how bright it is someone sent me
the glasses in my peer box I can't
remember who so comment below
I feel so badass with these glasses guy
shall I send all the guys today we're
going to fira which is the main kind of
island thingy that was telling you guys
but yesterday might just walk if we
can't get the bus oh my god this light
is saying stop I got Excel face a bakery
there we were at yesterday and that over
there should be the bus starts we missed
the bus and we spit you could be using
to figure out so the love Lidia's bakery
calls the cap so we're just waiting on
that right now I'm wearing so many
tourists I'm a fellow Muslim quirky
some bars and restaurants and stuff like
uh Oh guys look at the amount of scarves
they have I have to get me some you know
get this coffee bar look at the view
you'd have drinking it coffee
stale how cute is that over there as I
everybody can potentially fix like white
and blue sirs like picture perfect you
can't see me
there we are blue and white the occasion
hey booboo
so you match the place we do demolished
we currently are outside car for that we
found but it is actually a tip and all
the shelves are quite empty so Sid is
insisting on walking too little because
there's a little here that we don't pass
this it wants to walk little and then
get a cab back to the villa so we can go
swim a faces us walking - Ludo alongside
a beautiful deer and look at this as
well if I just zoom in anyone can dig a
hole it takes a man to name it home well
what a great quote inspiring thing like
that
guys we got eight minutes left if we get
a little did what little then
a little bit of money hi Lila a little
bit a little bit of Deena with some
knife a little bit of day cuz I'm a
snake oh why am I thinking Beach got a
bunch of stuff for me though we're back
guys and the owner of the villa left us
this little note which says in freezer
have fresh eggs for babies and what to
save and you from any pullet Puli
something chicken right girl I don't
even know but that is so sweet
down hunters munching on a pair cooking
up some dinner
come back soon with the Michaels yeah
clean my pool we literally just ate I'm
excited to get really really quick just
throw on some clothes to go outside to
see the sunset so that's why this okay
so hopefully gonna be great and I'm just
waiting for suitable hunter this link I
should really be helping guys said
trying desperately to figure out which
way to go I think we followed the noise
of the dog said because yesterday we
scared by dogs member
I just bought this juice with me behind
by the way my skirt is restricting me
sounds already setting it's a race
against time
well there's a dog sitting with his dog
ha I got scared again oh my god guys we
just walked up where the cars where look
at oh my god that is insane we're over
there we made it guys in like exactly
basically we made it as the Sun has set
how beautiful does that sky look
seriously Walter Beauty that's it done
it's actually a proper like subhanAllah
moment is literally I know it's cheesy
but if this isn't a subtitle on over
there other than orders honestly guys we
live on such a beautiful it since I'm
getting I'm having a moment I am I am
having a bit of a moment here Dana oh
we're leaving you bye
why she get so scared why why
the town is refusing to sleep and it's
half 9:00 I'm basically just gonna end
the vlog though I'll see y'all tomorrow
