hi guys today I'm doing the
autumn/winter chatty get ready with me
and I'm doing a humongous giveaway
excuse the no makeup obviously because
I'm gonna get ready right anyway I have
got to get ready with me since like last
summer so seeing as autumn is just hit
might as well do it autumn / winter get
ready with May and obviously talk you
guys through my big fat giveaway while I
do my makeup I'm not gonna talk to you
about why I'm putting on my face I'm
just gonna kind of leave all those
details in the description right at the
very end after all the giveaway details
okay so do you guys remember in whole I
just like take my nose set out when I
get ready back in April I did a meet and
greet at galleons reach shopping Park
which is in East London and I basically
held the meet-and-greet and it was
amazing and I also did a video back then
I'm taking you guys shopping around the
park and it was so much fun I've teamed
up with them again to bring you guys an
autumn winter giveaway basically I put
together five autumn winter style boxes
that I've picked up myself up items that
I think are perfect for autumn winter
right and I selected them from all the
different stores that they have at
gallons reach shopping park and I put
them together for five winners today to
enter and get a chance to win their very
own style box and I have my own one too
I thought I'd show you guys what I got
as well just Arthur dabbed this
concealer all over my face yes that's
right I'll use concealer this is the
thing I've been doing for years actually
if you if you look back like at some of
my old old old videos I always used to
like put concealer all over my face I
just think this particular concealer is
the Maybelline and age rewind one and
it's in the new nude shade and it's just
the best color for me ah get rid of mine
so this is what the box is going to look
like for you guys then today
there you go galleons reach shopping
park it's got leaves on it because it's
autumn winter if you guys want to enter
this giveaway then literally all you
have to do is put your details in with
the link that I will leave in the
description box below
click on it make sure you read the terms
of conditions this is a UK only giveaway
by the way guys sorry for the
internationals I will look at doing some
kind of international thing for you guys
in the future in short a lot anyway you
can only click the link put your details
in to enter and that's pretty much it
and you have till the end of October to
enter okie dokie this is what I
personally got in mind all the other
boxes are also autumn winter related
things ok so the first thing I have is
this gorgeous little rucksack which I
got from next in case you haven't
noticed I'm quite into shiny stuff right
now but I really like the size of it and
I love ruck sacks more than any other
kind of handbag because well because of
comfort right and it means my hands are
free then I picked up this shimmer pot
from Max Factor and it's stunning
basically and then I picked up this
lovely bracelet which is from the TK Mac
and then I got this small makeup palette
from Rimmel London oh I picked this up
from the boots either the boots or the
SuperDrive I can't remember but one or
the other
they have boots and Superdrug at the
part then this is my most favorite thing
ever light ok
it's basically like a massive oversized
gorgeous winter scarf right that's have
little sleeve hand entry things which i
think is genius because it just
basically means that your scarf stays in
place instead of falling off I haven't
set just it every 2 minutes so and this
is from River Island and it's not
supposed to be reversible but I totally
would take the tag off and use it in
this creamy color as well I love River
island for their accessories anyway then
I got this dress which is from Dorothy
Perkins and it is a corduroy pinafore
kind of dress and then the last thing I
picked up guys is this big box basically
full of makeup revolution products I
believe that's from the super drug or
the boobs I can't remember but doesn't
matter like both of them are at the part
so in the boxes I picked up for you guys
each box has a minimum of 5 items and we
hope you guys like them I tried to make
the boxes kind of like as try to make
them as would you call it as not
Universal but I tried to basically put
together things that were that most
people would like for this season
guys I'm just using Anastasia Beverly
Hills the Pommard that she has in ash
brown I've been using this for I've been
using this since I bought it which is
definitely over a year ago now that's
how long have had it I have been using
other brow products as well but I keep
going back to this one in particular sir
be fair you'll know one army yeah bro
and when it dries out I just put a bit
of oil in there to help it and dry
itself listening did you guys watch the
livestream of stomach cancer me hosting
on Saturday amongst a few other hosts oh
my god it was the most difficult thing
I've ever done in my entire life that's
for sure
I didn't know it's gonna be that
difficult to be on TV it may as well
have been live TV the only difference
was it wasn't TV it was live YouTube but
it was like TV style like a show kind of
thing oh my god is the hardest thing
I've ever done
I always thought oh I'd love to get into
TV presenting and stuff so I thought
I'll do this because I'll get a bit of a
taste for it and I'll know what it's
like but I'm not sure if I don't be able
to do live TV I think I could do TV if
it's pre-recorded I think I'd love to do
that but anything else lie there's a bit
too crazy and by the way we did not
rehearse that like we literally have no
rehearsal and I got the script pretty
much a day before so I didn't know any
of the script off by or anything it was
kind of just more like a guide cuz they
were like yeah you're youtubers you know
what to do and I was like ah those are
me for hours dawn now what I'm gonna do
is I am gonna go in with a bit of
contour oh I'm going to use my new
contour brush okay I was going to use
the contour palette from the makeup
revolution one but it's creamy so I'm
just going to use my benefit
we don't want I always use instead Oh
perfect for the nose contouring which I
like to do quite I thought I could do
this is perfect for nose contouring down
this is therapy for it I'm going to take
another brush to do around me chin ad
and stuff like that what brush am I
taking I'm going to dip in my ear what
is it guys I let you can't find half of
my stuff because right because my room
is an absolute mess basically we've got
a pot in the bedroom because I'm trying
to get Hannah out of my bed it means
that a lot of my things have kind of
been shoved in a corner until I figure
out where to put them right oh I've got
to use my little thing for contour damn
I have to try the blush in that okay
guys I'm gonna try this Mina eyeshadow
right cuz it's like the perfect orange
red by the way once I've done my face
now what I'd like to do is put my nose
stud back in there you have it guys okay
so there are you going okay now I'm just
gonna go ahead do my eyes then put that
in this section over here whatever that
is but I'm gonna go for very ready Brown
my eyelash is already done and that is
because I did them myself the other day
because I have a few photo shoots and
stuff to do
so I basically did the individual
cluster lashes from ardell but I just
like to apply by myself with a strong
glue that lasts pretty much for a
weekend so that's going everywhere the
nose contour is a bit harsh up for
yourself there's supposed to be a quick
get ready to leave the curve I want it
to be like a real get ready of me like
this is actually me going out because
I'm actually going to go out like this
so it's not like a fancy one guys if any
of you were at the meet-and-greet in
April that I did at Gallia's reach in
East London then comment that you were
there below it was so amazing like I
literally tried to all of you guys for
ages it was so much fun okay I'm going
to get more of that and put it
underneath too
sorry I'm a bit quiet guys
we're the only bloody pallets gone oh no
oh yeah now I'm going to take my Tarte
palette I've had for ages
I'm going to take one of the colors in
here which one actually take dreamer I'm
going to take the dreamer color let me
pack that on my lid like that it's a
very nice chocolatey brown spike cab
it's a Cadbury's brown that's what it is
I just had a random craving for an under
this by the way they do have an under
that gun is reach shopping park if you
are there then we're going to take the
multi tasker color which is an even
darker Brown and put it arrives along
the edges where I'd put eyeliner
underneath I don't know how this looks
on camera but it looks so nice on my
face right now guys I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna get another blending brush and I'm
going to go for a topi kind of color
this one's called wanderer and I'm going
to blend the dark one out with this topi
one into that ready business all up in
that business all up over here okay oh
my god guys I don't think I told you
it's Hannah's birthday on Thursday she's
gonna be one in sch√ºttler how much is
that baby's gonna be one what how do I
survive a hole here motherhood that is
insane to me she's like not a baby
anymore she's like a little a little
little lady instead she's a little madam
that's what she is
oh it's a very nice done I'm doing it I
don't even care I'm doing it
oh guys is you know I love about it it's
like such a nice consistency it's look
more like a paste this is Max Factor
excess shimmer in pearl okay we put it
into the inner corners of my eye okay
thank you I left my case bitch don't
wash me okay where's Nina scatter leaves
almost scattered
why don't you lay mascara really for
this because it's just my bottom lashes
this mascara is a bit dried out what I
sometimes like to use what I'm going
over false lashes I put these on with
the intent that they look quite natural
now I feel like we should try that
blusher the Rimmel Kate one let's try
that blush girl you know let's try that
blush what is my thing that I use to try
all my blush with here it is it's just a
sigma brush I think it's for contouring
but I don't carry I don't get do we all
get no good because I don't get I'm
going to use it anyway because I like to
use whatever I want to is okay go slide
school allow an ABS eyeliner oh I can't
decide might as well try that
highlighter to a guys a lot of you guys
see me out and about and stuff and a lot
of you guys are like wow you look really
nice in real life like a bear then video
and I'm like wow bloody great but then I
love you guys are like wow you look
different
and I'm like us because I make fun sorry
about the disappointment there oopsie
hey guys onto the lip on to the lips
lips on to the lips lips oh tooth it I'm
gonna use this Kevin ah Kwan flesh tone
lip pencil which really needs to be
sharpened then I'm so excited about this
because I haven't showed you guys on
your video yet but I've been using this
pretty much every day since I got it and
it's the Kat Von D in Lolita everlasting
liquid lipstick it is so good guys so
moisturizing doesn't crack or it's just
amazing my favorite lipstick at the
moment
this completes my life really this lip
color you know what just for the sake of
it I am gonna do liner I'm going to use
this Aiko London one I got free as a
sample let's do it
I've got my base on guys I'm gonna be
using this black crinkle scarf which I
nicked off my sister basically I went to
her house yesterday right
and she's like Deena I'm tucking away
loads of stuff do you want anything and
I was like obviously me I'm Dom boof
yeah I came back with about three bags
Bob I'm thinking of doing a video called
my sister's hand-me-downs
but let me know if you want to see it
because if you do I will do that by the
way I also put on this velvet choker I
don't know why it's doing that why doing
that and then we need to get a pin I
love doing this Gogh style because it is
so easy and like barely any literally
one painting I'm choosing one pen like
you actually don't need to use any pins
if you actually tie it but I don't like
tying it because then it makes the not
quite little so I like to pin the knot
in place to give the knots a bit of
volume and now for the final touch which
is to put me shawl on well and then
obviously I want to put my shoes on but
you guys can see the full outfit towards
the end of the video I also like to use
a bit of a few I say a bit I proceeded
to do a lot that was YSL black opium by
the way so let's leave this scene right
now and go on to a nice little montage
of me and my full autumn winter outfit
that's it guys I really hope you enjoyed
watching this video let me know if you
want to see more of this kind of thing
and don't forget to enter the giveaway
click on the link below read the terms
of conditions and enter for a chance to
win an autumn winter style box from
galleons reach shopping park in East
London thanks for watching til next time
