you might be thinking why is Deena
holding a log of poop why is Deena
holding a bit of a tree
why is Dina holding a twig Tina doesn't
even know why but we find out next
because this is the dursa
hi guys so for today's video by the way
sorry I've been missing okay now I'm
really quite obviously looking at myself
in the screen because my old camera the
screen used to be on top of the lens so
you couldn't really tell that much so I
really have to make a conscious effort
not to look over there but to look over
here damn I'm not used to there cuz I'm
vain okay so my sister a few weeks ago
was banging on about wanting to whiten
her teeth and she was thinking about
doing you know their teeth whitening
procedure at the dentists and all that
it was just a topic of conversation for
like the past few weeks and then she
went to Holland and Barrett and she even
bought like a charcoal toothpaste and
she started using that and she also
cited you know using activated charcoal
just raw on her teeth blah blah blah so
anyway then one day she wants to talk
like me whoa okey I was sitting in what
the hell I was with Syd obviously
because I married him right and I was
saying oh my god - she's obsessed with
teeth weighing blah blah blah oh I think
I'm gonna do the charcoal on my teeth
too because my teeth are getting yellow
then Syd was like oh why didn't you use
Dunn dasu and I was like what the hell
is dunder Surry were you even on about
he just dropped it so casually like it's
nothing I won't what the hell is that
and he was like you know done Gaza and I
was like no I don't are you even
speaking English honey what is that he
was like oh I don't know what it is in
English but it's Dundas a you know like
the Pakistani thing and I was like me
you need just got this habit of like
giving an idea or saying something but
never actually fully explaining it and
you gotta like prompt him for like at
least ten minutes before you get
anything out he was very frustrating
anyway after about 10 minutes of
prompting he was like oh it's this thing
in Pakistan I used to use it as a kid we
all did
I really remember it it's like a it's
like this tree bark thing and you just
rub it on your teeth and it's like
instant teeth whitening and I was like
what what are you talking about how have
you not given me this information before
like I've been married to you for three
years and I've known you for four before
I've known you for seven years and
you've never told me that there's
something that gives you instant teeth
whitening that's not are you what is
this news like yeah I just used it as a
kid I just forgot about it and I was
like on Google dun da-dun gasa and it
turns out Dundas ax is what it's part of
a tree or some what is it what tree is
it I forgot what true is that pine tree
warmer done dasu is part of a walnut
tree so I was on google Oh looking
looking looking and it's very difficult
to get hold of online very very very
expensive just so happens SIDS brother
Sammy was going to Pakistan like two
days after we had this revelation so I
was like yo you need to tell somebody to
get us a kilo of Gondar sir from
Pakistan bro so we did and here it is
typical Pakistani plastic bag obviously
this my friends is Bund Arthur how do
you say it release it here it is here's
my done dasa guys oh it's a lot of done
dasa and this is what we are going to be
attempting to teeth whiten my teeth with
today I haven't tried it yeah I've been
saving it for a video can I just say
though it looks stinky smells amazing I
was just telling said before I've always
thought filming that we should make
perfume out of this use this as the main
ingredient cuz I swear down it smells so
nice it's it is like making out this is
gonna stain the out of our house
and everything that we use it on but it
feels so dry to me like I still can't um
somehow this is gonna stain so
apparently we need coconut oil for my
gums to not stain my gums that's how
strong it is and we need Vaseline for my
hands but I don't have Vaseline so I'm
literally just gonna use coconut oil oh
I've got an idea
what but it's an expensive idea what
egyptian man
yeah go on then I've got Egyptian magic
in my company this is my teeth before
okay zoom in on him just ignore the
moustache and the foundation creases
they're not too bad honest although my
gums are like the same color of my
lipstick he'll
you're not gonna book these massive tree
bars on on yourself what you're looking
for is these strips
oh really strict oh okay so this is what
you want the strip's right here so
strict like strip bits off wait I
haven't prepared anything my gums and
okay yeah professor Lee 90 homes I'm
gonna do my gonna chest cuz I love my
gums as much as possible you're trolling
me aren't you I'm not calling you at all
guys if this works I've bought you all a
revolution - the Pakistanis cuz you're a
it works yeah how much really do be to
be rupee okay so here's the coconut oil
I'm gonna put on my gums now gargling
gargling gargling oh you're gonna stain
it no way on this planet I'm gargling
Cobra oh I'm gonna puke
no gargle it put it wrong in your mom
and then where do I spill it we're wrong
in your mouth man look just enough
obviously I can trust me trust me oh
you're gonna be six make sure our little
date is so sick oh I don't like oily mom
off at this ill alright let's find a
woman guys I've got it's funny because
she's lumps of butter for days
guys I've got like four photo shoots and
video shoots to do this week is up so
different
oh no I can't do coconut that's a while
gurus usually people put it in like
water overnight
oh do they yes so it doesn't stain you
but the problem with that is it doesn't
make your teeth white oh this guy right
here ducky sort through when it mixes
with water your saliva it starts to die
oh I would put what do you mean die like
no like not a dialer dead look thing Oh
die okay all right forget the makeup
look for today guys well then I was
thinking yo if it stains I don't mind
getting some stain lips
when I'm not wearing makeup why not what
kind of does this do orange so if this
works then they like proper stains I'm
gonna let stay in my lick that's enough
that's all around my mouth doesn't
matter about the lipstick cuz I've come
on yeah I'm dampening the done dancer
with a damp nappy from Hanna it's got
water in it not piss I think you need to
run it under the tap a tiny bit to be
honest with you okay Syd doesn't like
the pie chart it out for me he's going
to get me a good bit of dum da sir I'll
just put vaseline and coconut oil all
over me for nothing this stuff has
already been pre-washed apparently wait
it's been pre-washed so I've got
Vaseline and all over me for no
reason
good that's annoying oh well so I'm just
gonna rub it on my teeth yeah it's gonna
rub it on my teeth yeah yeah hey it's
Danny
III was that's annoying because the
orange is good oh really
I just washed it all out and my fingers
have sinned a little bit and my lips
have also stained slightly orange
What's Wrong boo Bailey don't like
mummies white teeth I think they are
lighter the way wire the difference it's
a bloody tree bark my lipsticks all come
off so haven't I put my teeth from far
away are they whiter
I think it did work not as dramatically
as I thought it would but it did work if
you want it more dramatic
Ashley whipped like crazy living my
teeth oh you want it more dramatic get
the ones that are yeah if you want it
more dramatic get Sid says then to get
the ones that have not been pre-washed
but I'm client kind of glad we didn't
get that because my fingers were already
stained a little bit and that's with
precautions so their way whiter you have
no idea what the heck did you space out
that smile do y-yeah pretty damn good
thank you Paxton and and dasa but I'm
gonna use this drink if we burn it it
will create a nice smell you know did
you know what I find funny oh my face do
you know what I find your face one year
you know I find hilarious right it's
done dancer okay
it's what done denne denne denne denne
denne oh then Desa yeah like that so I
didn't like that den garza dun dun dun
dun da da dun which just reminds me that
that we need to do a video of you
teaching me how to speak Pashto and
reteach new garvik I think that was
pretty good I hope you guys enjoyed it
and if you think it worked then there
you go that's a new teeth whitening
think for you to use trying Pakistani
sweets video will be next on live in
Dida Palace getting pissed off so I
should go now it is instant teeth
whitening because i sat there literally
about 60 seconds and then washed it out
that is pretty instant if you ask me
actually so there you go I hope you
enjoyed this video guys I'll see you on
the next one please leave your video
suggestions in the comments below
because I'm actually a kind of like
inner in a you know I had such a massive
list of videos I wanted to do but that I
left them for so
I'm kind of not wanting to do them now
but I suppose I will still do some I
don't know maybe my next video will be a
challenge video I really quite fancy the
idea of trying a full face of makeup
using no brushes and fingers only that
sounds good
anyway leave your suggestions and thanks
for watching I'll see you next video
till next time yeah my teeth that's
right how do I stop record it's new
camera rainy I don't get
