that's actually quite perfect right hi
guys okay so today's video
I've got Judy yeah it's been a long time
Judy it happens when you've been well
I've been here but you haven't yes
that's correct
now guys if you notice neither of us
have any makeup on it's curly the reason
we're not wearing any makeup today is by
the way I'm sitting my pajamas anyway
I'm not this is called wonder lift and
it claims to remove all your wrinkles in
under two minutes so I thought I'd try
it today with Judy because she's got one
of those
yes one to lift is a break hold on I
look like
right wunderlist is a breakthrough
wrinkle reducing serum featuring its
exclusive flex cancer technology which
combines a firming matrix with color
correctors wonder lift lifts firms and
evens out the surface of your skin
reducing the appearance of lines
wrinkles and even under eye dark circles
and puffiness once applied it lasts for
hours skin stays smooth and flexible and
does not whiten or flick why would it
were 10 or flake though these stupid I
hope it doesn't wonder lift also
releases a propriety proprietary complex
of micro fillers made up of nano HK
particles in combination with ye pit
enhancing are you sure this is safe yes
it's it's olden boots alright okay okay
so we're gonna try it guys and then we
will actually it's very very small
choose for a very large box do you think
this is expensive yeah it's about 50
pound I think oh let me just zoom you
guys in a little bit take a little
dollop oh it's brown Oh guys it's brown
so what I'm gonna put it I need a mirror
use this I can use it as a moisturizer
literally it's not found a it's not
gonna dry like foundation if you ask me
there are putting in my eyes yes yes all
under your eyes no oh it feels weird
doesn't it sinking in yes it's not very
moisturizing No
so this isn't a moisturizer guys no it's
like a paste it is like a pace yeah come
in come in a bit closer Julie anything
happening to you about no cuz I can't
see it without my glasses can I wonder
if this is gonna work feels a bit weird
on my skin right it does feel weird on
your skin it feel like a tingling for
you well I'm gonna put it by my smile
lines see if that does anything
I think it's tightening and tightening
yes I don't know how much I've put on my
lap bit I can kind of feel where I've
got it always proper paste Ian yeah have
you got any only ten but what about you
nose area no I don't think about these
does that a bit maybe that nice them all
because then much if this works is going
to be breakthrough technology should try
your neck should give a go on your neck
yo my skin feels so tight right now it
feels like you've got a face mask okay
I'm gonna do my Cruise Line cruise well
they call Kundalini to crow's feet but
literally my face feels so tight and I
think I like this feeling
Judy's actually got a fantastic time
right now guys limiting okay I think we
got enough on you yeah I think so too
right so we'll just sit here and wait
for a bit if it develops it just feels
tight very tight yeah oh I didn't really
put any between my eyebrows so I do have
some lines between my eyebrows
I think's working on this I I'm not sure
about this either
well sure I yet this eye looks smoother
around here look it's a smoother bag to
see sorry but my skin looks way smoother
look on the camera Oh to see get you
these glasses to see could you get the
mirror please out of the bathroom
downstairs
yeah oh this is a good test if it
smoothes out my finger wrinkles from
applying it should try on your hand
shell of it before of you yo my skin
looks so smooth right now sorry guys
this way here's Judy's hand I'm gonna
put someone her hand see what it does
it's quite actually
well I can't say it's got rid of them
but is very smooth and you hasn't it
yeah I think it's improved I think it's
improved me doing it
yeah I'm not gonna lie and slowly the it
started stopped feeling like a face mask
for me has LaBeouf you itself is pretty
tight I still feel tight but oh no oh
yeah when I try and move its really
tight yeah it's like I've got somebody
it's like a gun let's test my when I
smile oh no it's the one look at the
difference in Judy's hands below them
that's the one we put it on oh that's
big difference Judy look at your fingers
there whoa whoa
Judy look your homeland has made a huge
I say who's different you can really see
it on your hand can you bloody hell
actually look at my face I think it's
really clear enough isn't it this is so
weird
yes I I feel like I can let me see in
the mirror
no regular mirror oh there's a bit I've
got to blend Oh whew blobs there yes I'm
not sure office I'm gonna put some more
around these yeah but if you don't do oh
my god it's lit guys I just smiled look
I put on Judy oh my god I'm not kidding
you Judy I smile these ones here not
knowing there is long no but you look as
if it have Botox
this is Botox in a tube make yo juicy
you're gonna love this yeah well
obviously wouldn't be 25-pound influence
forever
oh I'm not kidding you but if you saw
when I smile how tight your handlers my
hand is really tight but to be honest
with you if you need some if you're
going somewhere for the evening and you
need to do a jogger voice that's bloody
worth it mate yeah let's hand see how
your next doing Judy your neck can't
come in a bit your neck is where you
smoother I only applied it here whether
with yeah mama come here come here mom
I'll have a look that's scary
what's the aftermath what's the
it's like a BB cream you just wash it
off get rid of lines what's not forever
something this time hide in your skin I
mean your skin up and it's got in it no
no inside in retinol the ingredients are
weightless have a look it's got retinol
what's retinol
ah magic that's something I've used
before I'm gonna buy this again
this is amazing it does suck
Oh actually can you feel the difference
nice yeah it doesn't feel horrible on
again it's dry feels like skin per hour
arms around and hands are great
that's not normal I'm sorry that's not
oh this yeah there is a bit yes yeah
when your face looks totally wrinkled
less oh my goodness me look at my eyes
it's like when I've gone on PicMonkey
and fully smoothes out the wrinkle under
my eyes look at that oh my god this is
it this is actually I really didn't
think you were doing it I thought this
would just be some bloody amazing
we're gonna go and just get our faces
ready for the day and I'll vlog
throughout the day to show you guys how
it looks with makeup and and how we're
feeling with hold on a minute
see it'll work here it looks you know it
looks like you know when you handle your
pictures and it goes all smooth like
like blue Murphy well I don't know
because I mean it's like a Blair on your
skin I don't edit my pictures well yes
but you know dude even for your very
difference yes it has Doody really has
maybe it's still scary you know when
you'll be able to see when I put this on
the laptop and you watch it play back
you'll see the difference anyway we'll
check in with you guys in a little
little tiddly Todd I'll put my makeup on
my face just a bit of concealer blusher
well a lot of conceal actually blush a
bit of lippy eyebrows awesome scar all
that business a lot concealer on just
tying it at a better makeup and Dena's
lipstick to be honest with you I don't
like it after I put on makeup because it
left me really patchy chalky it's not a
joking feel yeah look can you see the
patches I can't be bothered fixing it
but your face is looking pretty good
with makeup on yeah feels a little bit
like a primer but look at my wrinkled
still especially this I still very
bloomed and bled which I'm loving guys
it's been about two hours tightness of
my skin is finally gone now my skin just
feels really dry what about you dude but
I think basically doesn't last for 24
hours if you ask me think about it come
look at my eye wrinkles are all back hi
nice whoa guys we just came back home
and I thought I'd show you guys progress
of how my wrinkles are doing basically
absolutely horrific it's like a primer
for you makeup but it's not a good one
because look by the end of the day look
what's happened it's kind of almost gone
crusty under my eyes which is gross
that's just how my grabbing at me there
yeah I'll just show you Judy's face my
personal verdict I'm gonna say don't
bother getting it I think maybe it's
good for if you've got like an evening
out somewhere you know like a two-hour
dinner or maybe you've got a wedding to
go to in the evening that kind of thing
but all day it's not it's not great bye
and it can't be that good for you
because your wrinkles almost disappear
then when you come back when they come
back it feels like 10 times were to see
boo boo then when they come back it
always feels like they're 10 times worse
so in the long run probably not the best
thing I would stick to here we go this
is in current daylight I would stick to
using natural things like coconut oil
every night but yeah there you go you
can see properly what I'm talking about
so when I first put on it literally went
like that and this bit was literally
stretched out and now it's kind of
creased horribly I don't I smell
there see there then back
not great really guys his Judy's face
after a full day of wearing it to be
honest with you under your eyes still
looks a bit better you know and then
before you ask me but um as your makeup
gone flaky probably it has won your nose
a bit yeah I feel like it makes your
makeup not that great actually to be on
doing it flicks a bit would you use this
again pay for anything out for a special
occasion just a one-off thing oh you
know I don't think it's an everyday
thing is it no every decade not again eh
nah nah thanks for being in this video
with me Jude my guinea pig no it's not a
problem not problem so to be in the
video yeah thanks for watching guys till
next time bye
