hi guys as you can see a lot no makeup
on my face I've got a special guest for
you guys on my channel today my mom and
I just thought what do i film with her
oh okay I know let's film us getting
ready for the day they're not boys it's
in now so funny because I only get a
comment saying why you shouting I'm just
look at myself a look at you right now
we're talking to people so look at the
people okay
I thought we'd feel myself getting ready
nothing special we're just going on a
day out with the with the baby and my
sister so no glam nothing like that just
regular daytime makeup look yeah I've
got all my makeup in front of me and one
in a while so should we just start cuz
we really don't have much time
yeah cuz you need to go cuz we need to
go out yeah so I'm just saying okay I
usually have my own foundation but I
forgot it so question which one so all
these are foundations oh by the way
normally what people do mama when they
get ready in these funny videos is they
tell people the products they're using
again so I'm you I'm using Maybelline
instant anti-age concealer pretty much
all over my face guys I do this all the
time
mama that's a Nick stay matte but not
flat foundation yeah I think it's a bit
too dark for you I have got my um yes he
like my makeup bag I only brought that
one and I love that one - back then it's
really good it's like a pound foundation
but actually after you put it on you do
feel like your face is kind of like
trying cracking up I put moisturizer on
- what do you look in there to do or
look in here well I'm giving you that
mirror you options then I get my or I
usually use my whetted Thank You Glenda
this is not it's gonna be too light or
too light for you have you seen you
no commenting guys now I'm using this
nyx concealer as a second layer of
concealer pretty much always doing quick
concealed area let me know how i do that
and then i usually why is this like this
right mistake missed it
okay fine yeah better that one this is
too white for me and quite and in summer
well it needs a lot on the show needed
today anyway so we got to dinner so you
didn't mind if you look summary on this
is our version of tapping this is
working
this is what I'm dabbing it it's not
what does have to do that haha do a
nothing done now I'm going to use the
laura mercier universal setting powder
than just a little bit of it under my
eyes
wait baking wait baking up in here we're
just doing a bit of setting up in here
don't do this people tell you all 1928
verbal 20 recipe
is it not preferably concept available
guys now I'm gonna use this glam L'Oreal
glam bronze cushion things I don't like
doing this next for my brother
next while you D because that's more
hope it did your man your skin's too
good next makes me say masha'Allah what
else a lot it Elizabeth Arden bronze
beauty thing like Dina got funky came
out in an hour
I'm gonna put a little on my nose as
well I'm going to put it all the way up
my nose Iceland
oh my gosh and palette thing the dealer
bought me so I get my brushes because
basically we took mom shopping for some
makeup but because mom was a little bit
of a beginner a makeup I thought I'd
start with the cheaper run Johanna in
her Walker watching us the Anastasia
Beverly Hills contour kit this one right
here in the corner I think I'm gonna be
doing I didn't do no I just changed it
oh okay
I didn't even rose up remember oh yeah
yeah why don't look patchy that's
highlight done well guys don't do my
brows now good news I'm Stasia beverly
hills dipbrow look I'm doing to my key
is working that what do you see oh is
working you're with my talent brush
awareness by my baby no wobbly look I
don't want to do smoky right well a like
tutorial from mama coming soon Oh shake
it every day oh I with my brows
did you think you'd ever do tutorial and
people are just more for me because I'm
never seriously Peter which is love I
don't think they would know guys I don't
know would you just laugh nobody would
take me seriously well young people
wouldn't an older people my age would
not take me serious cuz if you like that
okay that's quite good look well let me
do that my eyes look good do from father
yeah that look at there this is where
things go wrong and end up a flock of
all black I see on my day to day I don't
I don't wear eyeshadow I just do brows
bass lips sometimes I do mascara
actually guys I got a lash lifts
recently and since I've got the last
nips I've been wearing mascara I'm just
leaving like that literally good yeah
they do look good put some mascara you
should get a lash lift you'd love it
I'm not getting on that one of that
beauty to them no no it's literally to
throw them and tomorrow my mates
apparently I'll actually do a perma mine
because they can amazing it why because
I'm mascara apply so much nicer it's
really great really especially for us
we've got really fun I'll get 9
stupid it'll fall out fall out with it
but there's no way I'm gonna get into
eyelash curling and all that fillers and
all that stupid them I'll ask you can't
put eyelash curling and fillers in the
same category it's the same thing no way
eyelash curling and fillers mama fillers
it's all to do with the light changing
the way you look like what now fillers
what we talked about Phyllis's
is you know non-surgical surgery so what
some eyelash curling it's a poem like
when you get perm on your hair just on
your face yeah on your eyelashes yeah
when you lashes
yeah just gives them a curd it's not
permanent either well neither or
something as a supposed mom is saying
fit is fit is wrong because I'll keep
banging on about how much I want lip
fillers and all that that's just
ridiculous you're going to - you know um
stop blaming your faces it changes that
you get older it's just different stages
of beauty you don't have to just do
songs you've no lines dealing with no
line I could look at myself down yeah go
now can't you you might not want to do
that I've trained myself said I don't do
that anymore
what they're moving the face hey let's
sing can we do it guys I love buying
cold coffee like the little star whoops
wounds and all that and I always buy
them when I get supermarket and then the
other day means they tried little tried
to do our shopping little for the first
time and they've got cheaper versions
basically for 50p about a lot of those
is all right no horrible yeah it's very
enjoyable shopping later it is a highly
loved it why how because it's just the
right size it's not too big and your
substrate it's always packed them on my
is always packed I mean because it's
always packed and tiny it's horrible oh
oh oh it's just accused the cute a bit
longer
backpack this is going wrong now
penny time Lindsey yeah I'm almost done
I've got lips after this I'm gonna do is
gone oh you can see our gym school
oh yeah asking me the lady in the post
office keeps asking me
the lady in the post office yeah are you
gonna send her the link to this video I
said that she got same as the C youtuber
called Deena's head coach and I can
watch to see how to difference you
didn't say she's your daughter
what cuz it's just like oh man dude
didn't eat it no what's wrong with that
my daughter's a lawyer oh my daughter
yesterday you missed the point
you're missing the point I'm proud mega
pop I don't want to sound like a
show-off ah I'm gonna do anything no oh
oh how do you not that's a lot of
highlight I think mama wants to be shine
in today today is it it'll be fine in
the court know about too much
highlighter can you can you girls this
doesn't do anything it does look like
this look use a brush like this okay and
then I know more I've done it to that
use the shape of the brush you not me
a lot of people are contouring their
noses with forks now I'm not contouring
should we just give it no because I'm
guys look how easily my mascara my
eyelashes kill with their lushly mamas
using one of the new duty scarf
wine-red I love this color my favorite
curtains gonna tie it back like that and
then
just across the mobile like so bring it
up and take it back and then bring it
round here and then a same color
lipstick so okay I'm don't I don't like
and you do that so she thought drifter
caught up go up on Bernie Rafi oh and
then lately I've just been tying at the
back so we've got little sweaty dude
ponytail going on instead of tucking it
in just in Deena think it looks stupid
but I like it
no I like the scarf your ponytail but I
like a very long scarf a ponytail I look
like a little short now I think it's all
right little I don't like that shorts
but I think I like is really long that's
dumb I'm done anyway that's it guys
we're ready are you ready yeah I'm ready
yeah we're ready thanks for watching
till next time bye
let's just take a thumbnail hold a brush
and galleta get done just pose around
for bit no come on let's try the fork
contour hat on mama
well no it was up don't know noticeably
you like that you just fill in here no
we did
whose idea is this lots of Instagram
details can you just be careful cuz you
just like almost poking into the
forehead your nose is actually too
narrow mate which means wasn't it doable
as comically look what that's done this
Beauty hack is a fail don't do it if
you've got narrow nose
