ah morning guys
so today's Friday this weekend mummy is
coming down from Wales to spend a bit of
time with us I'm Hannah obviously and
we're gonna hopefully do some fun stuff
so I thought I'd log the weekend for
y'all to Bundy the water is your friend
is not your enemy okay as you guys know
I don't have any scarves cuz Syd Chuck
them all out so the other day I went
into Zara and I lost a little bit of
control and I went and bought a few
things one being this lovely new scarf
of mine strictly speaking it's not very
comfortable to wear on the head cuz it's
way too thick maybe in the winter but I
bought it as a neck scarf for when
autumn comes along obviously it was on
sale what you have to do obviously is
buy winter stuff in the summer because
everybody just works if you don't
justice city anyway well I want to say
as well is got my eyebrows I've grown my
eyebrows out so much look at that look
at her because I thought oh I'll be like
one of those cool people who has
eyebrows that are brushed upwards and
they're gonna look great but they just
don't really suit me to be honest with
you when I fill them in I find that the
less eyebrow you have the nicer the
turnout when you fill them in so I'm
thinking about trimming them again I
don't know it took me a while this it's
kind of annoying in my last vlog a lot
of you guys were like oh handle err
choji's back a lot of you guys were also
asking how could you move you know from
like a decent size three bedroom house
with your own private drive and stuff
like that
smaller flat in London and you don't
have a garden in London because
obviously it's a flat things like that
but it's not that bad guys we do have a
nice pretty decent sized Terrace to be
honest with you and plus our old house
in Birmingham although it was three
bedrooms it wasn't really three bedrooms
it was more like two bedrooms and then a
tiny tiny box room that you can really
fit a bed in so it wasn't really three
bedrooms plus the two decent sized
bedrooms they didn't have fitted
cupboards one of them was decent size so
the one that I used to film in that I
had like a fitted cup that had like a
cupboard in it
and stuff like that but they don't have
fitted cupboards and like the shape of
the room where
very ideal like the design of the house
wasn't very smart
in terms of making the most of your
storage space whereas here is a two
bedroom and the bedrooms the part where
you put your bed is quite small however
I can fit a bed in there
as well as fit like my dressing area and
some boxes on the floor and I also have
fitted cupboards and for me that means
everything because that means all of my
belongings can go in one closed space
oh boo boo okay out past you whereas
buddy so in terms of that it's actually
better although it's smaller is actually
better and plus our old house only had
one bathroom and it was just a shower in
there there was no bath whereas this
flat has two it has a bathroom with a
bath and then all and then I also have
an ensuite which is just a shower and so
actually way better handle air so far so
good and I guess because we're moving to
London and weren't sure about areas and
stuff like that in the end I just felt
more secure in like a apartment kind of
complex where where there's like
security and you have to bus to get in
there's a concierge things like that I
felt more secure I suppose because you
know you're not right on the street and
anyone could come knocking on your door
kind of thing the cat seemed happy let
you on the terrace with us in the
mornings when the weather's good
I got a tempted boo-boo and I've been
rambling on for way too much and I have
now raspberry fingers okay the next
station is since you move
we did on the jib guys
he just walked away
but he has a lot of chicken wonder if we
can get off now
guys Mama's here
we're just leaving Brixton we checked
our bricks and lovely Dudley but not a
great place to go with the baby because
so anyway mama save the weekend and we
gonna have so much fun
this is such a great walking thing look
so nice I need to get a few tombs turn
on the bib
I think somebody gave this to us at the
meet-and-greet
I can't remember morning guys it's
Saturday I'm going to meet you seen mama
going to West Hampstead gonna take
booboo to Regions Park and well just
have some fun anyway look we also got
the TV unit we were talking about yay so
now we need to get rid of this shelf
there sorry now we need to get rid of
this shelf and just have this TV I'll
show you guys how it looks when we're
done yep there you go you can see my
makeup so much patchy
yeah we're in habitat and this rug it's
for sale for 175 should I get it
actually goes with my outfit Lord
juicy thinks I should get it mom a dozen
when Regis Park guys hanaway all these
things and played in the sandpit and
then I got really annoyed because I got
sand all over myself
see this little lake in those yellow
boats over there I got so many childhood
memories on these paddle boats with my
highlight today is amazing look at that
basically in the Anastasia Beverly Hills
contour palette I've only ever used the
contour shades but there is this one
amazing highlight shade in there that is
much my first time trying today what
they were going to I'd festival in South
where is it kick kings cross swords
Kenzi kings cross somewhere anyway bye -
oome - ooh my hosts are hosting it gonna
be lots of a spoken-word artists and
like I think petite artisan food stalls
and just to find the kind of stuff so
we're going to back today to do that yay
and then the house is coming tonight as
well I think hello I wonder if this
changes your voice I don't know let's
have a go
mine
give it the better say to me
Oh
on the way back home guys moms go back
to Cardiff well all the way back up on
the radio is playing some old school I
should already understand that's our way
of looking how I stood did the TV unit
looking quite nice if I do say so myself
actually looks a bit empty on camera no
I think we do need to put something
mirror maybe on top of the chair hands
here guys we've got a YouTube event to
go to tomorrow and hassles coming
everyone go my channels gonna shut up
I'm probably the only person on the
panel that you saw avocado lettuce no
one cares
this is me coming all to cut in it cuz
we're about to run out the house carne
bar even smoother you drive this music
please because I'm trying to put my
lipstick on
are you crazy can you just be a bit
smoother how am I supposed to be this
mood like stop being old mmm my London
Road guys you just go ahead I realize I
forgot my money my wallet oh my this
week I need to take what I need your car
what happened
Gina forgot a card yo this need yours
I'm not wasting time I'm going to hon
relationship goes right you know where
mine is we're gonna be huh
so my dressing table isn't it whoa con
man nobody wants to see you in this flow
at the house and hasser and looks great
did you get to see a shoe what are those
shoes please Joshua I've been I bugged
him all day today to get pair shoes from
the sharpest but he just refused so he's
out of it to end those nasty Tings
fashion I just bought these sunglasses
dude from all-new July tomorrow I have
had nothing today other than that
strange avocado morning so I won't get a
drink for train journey
Syria relief check us out we left Google
HQ which is behind us I was such a good
event loads of people basically I didn't
shut up
but God how sweaty is my makeup and how
puffy do I look when I talked village
queue is like anyway we're really gonna
mend some amazing people the people who
organized and I didn't show you actually
in the event but they showed a short
film in the beginning you know I can't
remember the guys name who did the film
but I met him anyway and he's really
talented but he did short film all about
Syrian refugees and it was so good and
everybody was really our room was like
completely started watching it was
really really good
and it was such a good event because one
of the organizers was a high chair
Beatrice called her web and I met her
and she's so cool and I said because she
came on stage and she was kind of doing
a bit hosting or introducing the event
and it was so cool because we're looking
Google HQ in London and it's the heavy
organising the event and she was the one
on stage talking and cracking jokes
nobody laughing and for once I was like
wow
like you know I don't have seen it but
it just felt really good that there's a
Muslim who share be girl kind of like in
power there in a way if that makes sense
anyway it was just really good to see
and hasn't really enjoyed self hasn't
met their man's in it my charlie Donald
OC oh my god I'm an older finish I
didn't vlog it obviously because I don't
know and I was too busy being a fan for
to lose a man met Charlie McDonnell he
just came up to speaker just named
passive three month he came up to speak
to test neem who was also on the panel
and I was like sorry Charlie Candida was
fine gonna like write you actually
wouldn't sharp I wanna shut up few
initial 20 was like oh sorry according
to I don't know you yeah I said Tim can
we can we bump erm our contact badges so
though you know I can take these help
you like oh but who are you I was like
okay well okay it's I just use my cell
phone alarm Deena talk here right please
check out my videos even though they're
not your kind of thing but you are a big
inspiration for me and I've been
watching it while I went on Facebook and
I've been watching your videos since the
beginning of time and stuff the guy was
bored shitless from he was so bored I
was babbling babbling babbling babbling
because you know I'm not the kind of
person that likes to leave any awkward
silences when I meet people especially
if I'm a fan girl write songs just
babbling babbling babbling and he was
just kind of like
you know that face that he makes the
very Charlie is so cool like I'm
toothpick again on the end the night
guys we're gonna get the food and we
don't go home and ass is just going to
film the ending of
thanks live long
