hi guys so today's video I thought I'd
talk to you guys a little bit about
things that I regret buying as a new
mother now currently I'm in the middle
of a move moving means you have to well
move either your furniture you have to
sort through your clothes you have to do
lots of stressful things it's a very
stressful time for most people in
general and I was sorting out through
some things I came across a lot of stuff
that I realized I've never used I wish
I'd never bought it I wish I'd never
stressed about buying it and things that
in my opinion we're a complete and utter
waste of time and money everything I'm
going to mention I think is only
relevant if you are a first-time mum
there's so many things out there that is
marketed to you as if you really flippin
need it when in reality that is not the
case number one the snuff spot that I
think I showed you guys in one of my
vlogs a long time ago literally hannah
has slept in it about four times in her
entire life she's eight months old okay
her entire life isn't along but for a
baby that sleeps every night she slept
in it for four times that is it for some
reason I had this idea like yeah I'm
gonna feed the baby and I'm gonna put
her down and she's gonna sleep and she's
gonna be happy sleeping in that bed that
she's never been in obviously not she's
a baby she's just been bored she wants
nothing but her mother for the first
three months she slept nowhere other
than on my chest or my stomach or on her
dad's chest or stomach even if I was in
my bed and I'd finished feeding her and
I'd attempt to put her down beside me no
no no no she'd only sleep on me and by
the time she was okay to be put down she
was too big for the snuff pod not too
big weight-wise but she was too tall so
she likes to stretch her arms out and
then she'd just be touching the sides of
it so I can only imagine she felt a
little bit imprisoned if you are
pregnant in your new mum and you're like
starting to do up the room and all of
that you're getting a nappy changing
table which brings me on to my next one
stop life with a newborn is not what you
think of it and everything you've bought
is most likely barely going to be used
so number two a nappy changing table
slash station
I was completely adamant to buy one I
was like where we can change nappies I
need somewhere where I can put the
nappies in neat sacks and the suit
cream and the white and I can go and
change her there every time she needs
changing
yeah right guys you end up changing the
baby's nappy anywhere no where is except
except for like a hard floor obviously
the changing table thank God we returned
it first of all it takes up too much
room you're gonna use it once maybe once
but when you realize how much a newborn
baby poos and wheeze and knees in not be
changed in general you will not make the
trip to the changing station every
single time in those newborn days
literally she was going through 15 to 20
nappies a day trust me you're not going
to go to that station in your house and
be all neat and proper and change happy
no you ain't you're gonna do it there
and then on the sofa mate whatever is
easier for you whatever is easier for
baby plus every time I put Hannah down
on the changing table for the changing
might even scream the place down
absolutely screams the place down next
complete waste of money is going to be
one of those dummy sterilized the boxes
think they're like massive round plastic
tubs that you put dummies in with hot
water and whatever else it does to
sterilize it complete waste of time and
money obviously as a new mum you think
about all the hygiene stuff like I need
to get the sterilizer because how else
am I going to sterilize dummies right I
don't know why I was so dumb you can
just sterilize with it boiling water
that you boil yourself and let me tell
you something else for me dummies waste
of money I literally went out and bought
like 20 new born dummies she didn't even
take a dummy until she was at least four
months old and that was one specific
dummy that she took she doesn't even
take it now
when I give her a dummy she plays with
it she investigated with a hand so
definitely buy a dummy to try if you
want to try dummies fine but don't go
out by 20 until you know if your baby is
gonna be a dummy baby or not next thing
that is a complete waste of money
the mama Roo okay I don't be too harsh
on this product because it's actually
not a bad product it's actually quite
good in terms of like a you know a baby
rocking slash baby chair
see it's advertised that it's going to
really help soothe babies and it's going
to really help babies go to sleep stuff
like that it probably does with most
babies but with Hannah it really really
really did it
there's no way she was gonna sleep in it
she'd look at me she'd cry she'd want to
be picked up again and it is quite a
pricey product so and now I have it and
she's too big for it again when I was
pregnant I just thought in my head on my
tick list was a baby chair and me being
a new mom wanting the best for my child
I was like I need to get the mama room
because it's expensive and it's gonna
help her just gonna be the most
comfortable in it trust me you could
probably go and get anyone and I'd be
fine in it having said that it did
actually help me a lot when I started to
wean her could I put her in that chair
because she was a bit too young to have
a highchair so I put her in there to
introduce food next thing that was a
complete waste of money and I'm yet to
open it is cloth diapers guys when I was
pregnant I was like I'm gonna be one of
those moms that have cloth diapers and I
never even got around to opening them I
literally have a new pack right here
I thought it would be easier because I
wouldn't have to keep buying nappies I
thought I would be able to just take
away the lining that you have in the
cloth diaper and chuck that she'd be
able to keep the outer one on so it
would be easier to change and less
rubbish less waste in general but when
she was born and I obviously went into
that motherhood stage not knowing
anything about it beforehand
you don't realize like I said before you
don't realize how much babies go to the
toilet and you're really not going to be
able to watch that many nappies in a day
for a little baby to pee and in I
would say if you are in new mum and
you're looking into it don't go out and
buy a whole massive Packer they're not
cheap by the way obviously it will save
you in the long run but they'll go out
and buy a massive pack just yet wait
till your baby's born wait for like two
days and see what you want to do okay
the next thing you must not do if you're
a new mum guys is go out and spend crap
loads of money on cute newborn clothing
obviously do a little bit of it you
can't stop yourself from doing that
everybody has to go through that you
know everybody has to buy cute clothes
for the baby
think you can't deprive yourself of that
but please don't go out and buy crap
loads of it
all in this tiny newborn size because
honestly they grow so quickly it's
ridiculous I had no idea until I had a
baby ALMS how quickly they grow and I
ended up with bags and bags of newborn
clothes with the tags still on I don't
know what is with the sizes in a lot of
mega to have a big baby but a lot of
sizes I don't think are true a true to
majority of babies Isis even the clothes
that we have used on her she's worn them
once twice max once the cute picture is
done he lets you stick them back in the
baby grow or something super comfortable
for the baby and for yourself something
that's easy to change them something you
don't care about getting dirty because
babies get they're just always about
away big toys for little babies are the
most pointless thing on the planet okay
whenever I go to a toy shop whatever
there's a bee I find it so difficult not
to buy loads of stuff for Hannah but
I've learned to try and pick out toys
that will last her for a long time toys
that she can play with now but she can
also play with when she's a bit older
pointless big toys that end up taking it
over the whole house and I'm not used
remember kids get bored
super super easily support her one of
those jumper jumper ooh things because
she started to want to stand up a lot
she used it for about a month and that's
it and now it's just taking over my
living room this great big ugly jungle
looking jumper thing she used it for a
month even if she wanted to continue
using it she can't because she's too big
for it now as well she's too tall like
we put it on the highest notch and her
feet are still fully flat on the floor
when they should be on tiptoes so she
can't use it even if she wanted to which
is a shame so it's always someone but
certainly not least guys don't stress
out about having to do a nursery I
stress the stress and stress and I use
the smallest room in the house which
should just behind this wall to start
making Hannah a nursery I put an
armchair in there I thought I'll
breastfeed her in there
and then when I breastfed her I'll put
her in her snug pod crib then I'll go
downstairs and cook something I'm gonna
be one of those mom
you're right Dina I even got her
cupboard to hang her clothes up and to
put her things in the cupboard was good
I needed the cupboard but the idea of
having a whole room for a baby who is
not gonna hang out in that room ever
neither you or the baby are going to be
in that room even me I didn't even sit
in that room once to breastfeed I didn't
I would sit in front of the telly
wherever is comfortable for me there's
no way I was going to get up every time
she needed breastfeeding to sit in an
armchair upstairs in a little room
because that's my breastfeeding chair I
don't think so
don't stress out about it guys until
your baby's a little bit older you know
when they're crawling when they start
walking and they start knowing their
toys one thing I would say is worth
buying a lot of loads of books that's
the one thing that I have I can get out
when she's bored of a toys and she's
whining whenever I get a new book out
and I turned the page the excitement in
her faces are real you guys remember
when you were kids having a favourite
story and stuff kids don't get bored of
it anyway guys I'm sure there's plenty
more things there's a waste of money if
you guys have your suggestions for other
new mums leave them below that's it guys
I hope you enjoyed this video until next
time
