hi guys so today's video as you can see
I've got no mic bar my thighs amazing
right I'm doing a first impressions
video I don't know why I'm doing this
because it really is a first impression
like it's M still in packet handle err
like I haven't opened it or anything so
really is the first impression video
basically the other day I was in boots
buy-in tink as you do and I came across
this which is the L'Oreal nude magic
cushion Julie glow foundation makeup for
fresh Hema glow Fonda tint in new thick
let and I saw it and I had a big new
sign next to it and I was like yo this
looks like I want to buy it so what
should i do first impression at the same
time yeah I think I win so I picked up
shade number 9 because um well because
number 7 and number 8 looked too light
but I didn't actually really check it
properly so I might open this now and
find that it's completely and utterly
too dark for me but that's just part of
the fun is in Italy so we'll open it up
now on camera right the you ready ooh
so this is what it looks like lovely
mirror there to apply it if you fancy
then you've got the applicator thing
which looks like I probably won't really
use it up okay I will use it in the
beginning but then when I really want to
wear the foundation I'll use my puke and
or something and then if you just lift
this up like this got a little flap and
then it's got a seal and I'm gonna seal
it says remove the seal before use close
tightly after use and it just repeats
itself in many different languages so
are you ready are you ready for love oh
I'm gonna take that put it into bin
where you haven't even looked at it I'm
showing you guys first this is what it
looks like guys from here it looks like
you know that you know when you're gonna
hold a and there's like and the walls
are made of that spongy looking kind of
thing it looks like
that this here is like Mickey Mouse I'm
gonna guess that you take this and what
you do is you do that and then you put
on your face so I'm just going to go
ahead and do it
guess I've prepped my face with the
Elizabeth Arden a superstar skin renewal
booster which is like a moisturizer
whose very boxy bouncy I think this is
gonna be too dark girls and I just know
it okay ready let me take my nose set
out I'm gonna apply this just how I
would dispose of any other foundation oh
it's not too dark actually this is the
color I would go for yes
alrighty so I'm just going to use this
applicator to apply it everywhere and
then I think I'll grab my beauty blender
and blend it all lovely improper alright
it looks a bit grey actually if I'm
going to be honest with you in my mirror
anyway I'm not sure how it looks on
camera but in Manila I'm not gonna lie I
feel like it's a bit grey but that could
be alright to work with really because
the thing is you've got to really push
down to get some product on there you
know the only problem with this is I
can't tell how much I'm using growth is
that normal not like most people
am I just well I feel like this looks
very grey does that not look great to
you I don't know how many shades they
have but I think in in the boots that I
went to they only had up to shade 11 so
I don't know if that's because they were
out of stock or the other shades or what
but no Niihau that shade 11 so this is
like supposed to be quite dark then Oh
half of my viewers have no hope really
okay well there's much okay I don't know
about you but it looks really great to
me but so far I'm really liking the feel
of it it's very shiny let me read the
top why is it shiny so it's a Jew ego
foundation of code that makes sense okay
it's a Juve glow okay well it's
definitely doing a dewy glow it's just a
gradual glow for now so I'm going to get
my Beauty Blender
and blend it all in properly and then
we'd have a look at all I found right
I'm back and I'm just gonna blend
honestly I just went to grab my beauty
blender from the bathroom and I looked
in that mirror and actually quite liked
it
you guys will know that I really really
like Max Factor foundations and it's
been a while since I've had a favorite
foundation other than a Max Factor even
from the high-end ones so I was looking
for something that's around the same Max
Factor price um but isn't Max Factor so
this could be the one because the thing
with Max Factor I really like their
compact foundation which is the powder
one one of the main reasons I love that
is because it's so easy to carry carry
around is so easy to apply and I feel
like this could be the same situation so
easy to apply because I could probably
deal with using that applicator while
I'm out of stuff okay so anyway I feel
like this blended enough now I'm
actually gonna go ahead and add a little
bit more because so far I don't feel
like this is actually full coverage so
I'm just gonna see if I can add a cheeky
little second layer there especially
around the nose area but maybe that's
because I didn't conceal beforehand I
should have really concealed what's
wrong with me I'll do the concealer
after don't worry about it
it's a very non messy application that's
for sure so that's good lit sure there's
going to be no spillage no nothing it's
just like that it will be interesting to
see if this gets really cakey with a
second layer and it will be interesting
to see how this foundation works with a
full face of makeup which I will
obviously show you but it's definitely
doing the juhi business okay I'm gonna
add some more on my nose because my nose
is just not happening right now the
coverage on my nose once I did a video I
put foundation all over my face and I
have so many comments or people saying
did you forget to put foundation on your
nose I didn't my knowledge just doesn't
work with all the foundation and I know
why brough but because it's extra oily
or extra protruding protruding yes I'm
just gonna do a close up for you guys
because in my mirror it literally looks
flawless flawless as in when you got
close you can tell tell that you have
foundation on
just looks as if you have very soft skin
okay so this is what it looks like on my
face there's no caking guys I wax my
mustache for you are you happy look at
that it looks like skin oh my god it
looks like skin
I'm excited okay guys so far so good for
real though I'm not sure about the color
but I will know for sure once I've done
my full face so I'm just gonna go ahead
and do my full face of makeup as I would
normally set it with powder all that
business and then we'll see how it is
all right
guys this is the final look though my
full face of makeup like literally full
face as if I'm going like a party or
something I've gone for crazy lashes
I've gone for proper sparkle in the
inside of my eye and it looks a little
bit like I've been punched but I'm sure
the selfies will be bunting the
foundation obviously looks way better
with the full face of makeup and I think
it actually is my color and I probably
would stick to this color I'm a you know
because later on when it gets quite hot
and I get a tan I could even go one
shade dark I reckon cuz look at my hands
and but for now this is actually a
decent color you guys can see I only put
highlighter on my cheeks a little bit on
my nose oh and then some
okay base therefore highlight it
everywhere but I didn't put highlight on
my forehead or anything like that and
you can see that the foundation is still
got quite a dewy feel to it I really
like it I feel like it's really really
natural up close it's not caking or
anything there's no like streaky lines
or anything is it's quite it's quite
nice I do like it too I'm sitting I
think it was like 15 pounds or something
so so far so good
so what I'm gonna do is I'm just going
to carry on my day I've got to go to the
shops I gotta go around do things I know
I'm going to go around with the full
face like this in the middle of nowhere
but don't worry about it it's all for
the video and towards the end of the day
or a little or in a few hours or
something I'll check back in and let you
know how the face is still looking and
I'm not going to do any touch-ups so
I'll see you guys in a little mine okay
guys okay so I'm back my lips have
completely disappeared obviously but
it's been about 7/8 hours since applying
my makeup and since applying foundation
obviously so this is just kind of an
update also not using my ring light so
this is kind of more of natural from my
window I don't even have the room light
on and this is what it looks like if I
just come in a little closer okay forget
forget the lips of me coming a little
closer you can kind of see the
consistency of it's quite nice I think I
really like it normally with my
foundation by now I'll be eating to like
scrub my face and remove it because it
you know when you feel like you've got
Claire and you just want to itch your
skin underneath that's normally what
happened but I'm not touching it and I'm
fine either I have an urge to wipe it
off just yet so I'm I'm good with it for
now so I'm actually quite happy with how
it is okay so this is like crazy light
from the window right now become a
little closer so you can see it must
move my forehead is okay so this is how
it looks with just room light on this is
how it's looking after seven eight hours
and I'm just going to show you how it
looks with the ring light on so you guys
can see the difference with like regular
light and then ring light obviously
because not everybody has a ring light
right ring lights kind of really strong
so this is what it's like after eight
hours with the ring light okay bear in
mind I've eaten had a drink and I've
been playing with Hannah she's been
playing you know she's she always
grabbed my face and I kiss her she's
slobbers all over me things like that so
bear in mind all of that in the last
eight hours as well and I went out this
is how it is I really like it that's the
end of my video guys I really hope you
enjoyed this a first impressions kind of
video because I'm totally up for doing
more of them because it means I can find
new makeup try out on camera and guys so
much fun so let me know if you want to
see more and also let me know what
first impressions you want so if you
have any particular requests and stuff
leave them in the comments and I will do
them for you and Charlotte saves you
from buying it without trying it I'll
try it for you so thanks for watching
guys I'll see y'all next video till next
time
