hi guys I'm back with another video and
I'm really sorry because I feel like I
haven't filmed I feel like that's
because I haven't feel I haven't filmed
for my main channel in about literally
is coming up to two weeks so I feel very
strange about it but basically it is I
filmed the last one I just haven't felt
like I wanted to film so I've just
thought you know what there's no
pressure on this channel II there
anymore Deena you know my attitude for
my vlog channel where there's no
pressure everything is all fun and
chillin I'm gonna try and have that
attitude with this channel and then
maybe that will have like a an effect
another what's that effect corset you
know you know have that effect where it
makes me be more consistent maybe I
don't know I'm not promising anything
but anyway H&M most of you will already
know have released a modest clothing
collection just before ramadan started
by the way happy Ramadan it's Day two
so this released I think literally just
before Ramadan started off gotta get
there
Ramadan money in there releasing the
collection in two halves so they just
released the first half the rest of the
collection is gonna be released on the
24th of May and that's it
that's what I read anyway so I went
online and checked it out I mean I tried
to check it out I tried to go online and
check out it was very very difficult for
me and said to actually find the items
that will kind of advertised everywhere
there's a list of articles on it but if
you guys should go on the HTM UK website
because I'm from the UK and there isn't
kind of anywhere you know when you go on
HTM Dingaan collections or campaigns
there isn't really anywhere that
advertised and it's called the Ltd
collection isn't it so there was no
error said Ltd you know Ramadan
collection or modest collection there
wasn't anything that advertised on the
website so it was very difficult to find
and basically how means they've managed
it was we looked out for the brown model
/ / asian-looking model because they
picked this specific model to model that
whole collection so that's how we kind
of found all the pieces randomly on the
website we had a lot of problems as well
I think with seeing the item and then
clicking on it and putting it in our
basket and then
completely completely disappearing off
the website all of a sudden most of the
items were out of stock their kind on
like hey I wasn't really excited I mean
I was excited when I heard that they're
doing that although I'm still really
miffed and pissed about the accidental
image with the black boy that happened
very recently by the way everyone seems
to have forgotten that that still
happened very recently H&M still did
that even though now we're all going
I'll lose the brands are getting on it
now it's not it's quite questionable to
me anyway don't be too negative I was
excited to sorry when I heard that
they're releasing a modest line but when
I saw the pieces I was like hey hey it
looks just like regular H&M bra okay but
what I will say is I do like how it went
um I like how they would look nice if
you wear a head scarf or if you don't
wear a head scarf and their modest
either way so anyway I ordered what I
could pretty much and I ordered it as
sizes that I thought would fit with my
bump I don't know if they will I don't
know if I'm even gonna try them on
because like I said I don't actually
like most of these pieces I just ordered
them in so that I could show it to you
guys because I know a lot of you guys
might be excited or might be tempted so
I literally just ordered it so that you
guys can see I am planning on returning
all of it though just so you know unless
suddenly I like something also can we
just talk about how so many brands when
they do this it released like a modest
more design just before Ramadan
conveniently you see whenever they do
this their inspiration is so heavily
inspired by Muslim cultures around the
world isn't it so for example this is
the most obvious one listen right okay
it's basically a cap song isn't it
it's this lilac dress first of all okay
when you get these traditional Muslim
pieces of clothing you know from
different cultures around the world
they're normally a lot cheaper than what
H&M price is it yeah when H&M does it
which is basically cultural
appropriation first of all yeah
I've said this so many times okay when
brands want to do a modest line things
like that we were supposed to here and
go yeah
it's worked we've been included the way
care is done handily but then at the
same time you're excluding us even more
because we've got a whole category just
for us which is a pile of compared
to the rest of the website and it's just
got cultural and ethnic influences in
the clothes we can already get that
stuff can't we sit Tim is Pakistani yeah
his traditional clothes is full of
beadwork beautiful clothing yeah hmm is
gonna half-ass it and sell it 70 quid do
you get me while you're being inclusive
you're also not really because my whole
argument with modest fashion and how
hard is to shop on the high street which
I don't think it is hard to shop on the
high street anymore by the way how the
whole thing started was the fact that we
like what's on the high street it just
needs a few adjustments so it just needs
maybe like a slightly longer sleeve or
and not see-through top half or that
skirt is perfect but instead of mate
stopping at Neyland could you just bring
it down to the ankles a bit and it would
be perfect you know I mean we're not
asking brands to sell us what our
cultures around the world have already
invented we're not asking for that oh is
it we're not right and you know what
also really annoys me I don't know what
went on behind the scenes with H&M or
all the other brands that have done this
I don't know what went on behind the
scenes but it seems to me like they're
not working with actual Muslims or not
actual Muslims they're not working with
actual modest dresses and people who who
have this style of dress they're not
actually working with these people
they're not working with more diss
fashion bloggers because any modest
fashion blogger would to turn around
said that is just a caftan okay so it's
a bit boring doing this this comment
guys it's gonna be my ten-year
anniversary
so soon how many times is a brand come
up to you and ask for your input right
so I'm just gonna get onto this right
okay it's very rare that a brand will
ask for my input okay forget me yeah
it's not all about you love all right
Deena I know but all the other modest
fashion bloggers and I'm just not I'm
not just referring to Muslims and hedge
Abbie's cuz that's like irrelevant I am
referring to the humongous platform that
there is up there now of modest fashion
bloggers and that includes women who are
not Muslim by the way so many f.y.i
and women who do not wear a headscarf
women who do not cover their hair
because covering your hair so many
people mistake it as that is the only
modest think read that brands I think
actually work with modest fashion
bloggers to help them with their
decision making but the thing is if you
think about it why would they because
look the pieces are all sold out already
like they know it's gonna be hot like
people just get up in yeah this is for
me let's buy it but you just look
actually look at the pieces and look at
what and look at everything else 2h and
themselves it's not that different and
the different pieces are literally just
cultural preparation this is the first
piece is a lovely lilac color and it has
very very basic embroidery down the
front and with the pleat looks at galibi
yeah it literally looks like somebody
got from Southall or literally if you go
to Dubai and you haven't bought anything
but you're just dying to buy something
so you pick up a gonna be it from there
Airport cuz it looks like straight off
the back I'm just looking through and
it's actually see-through so that would
just be another problem for a modest
dresser
you would still have to wear something
underneath because your nickel lines
would show it's not even lined bro it's
like it's just the one that's like 50
quid it's not a modest clothing line if
you have the same issues that you do
with not modest dresses yeah we have to
wear leggings or you have to wear and a
bloody petticoat skirt thing underneath
it's the same problem so why would I buy
this it's
like how we should sit there and applaud
them when it's like if you're gonna do
it if you're gonna do it and you want to
sell to us don't half-ass it
why are you half-assing it you're a huge
brand you you can you you can see the
sales power that this marketing to of
modest fashion has so why'd half-ass it
when you know you are gonna get your
money back like put some effort into it
and do it properly or don't do it and
just include us in your regular lines
because we shop there anyway and we make
the adjustments that we need anyway like
we would have to with this dress where
I'd have to wear something underneath
otherwise you would see my knickers so
then what's the difference from this and
any other regular maxi dress you get me
I'm not negative it's a step in the
right direction but please brands you
know next year when you want to do it
again or you want to do it now contact
someone who's in the field contact
people who dress by these modest
guidelines and actually ask us for help
I did manage to get a coordinator set
which I thought was quite nice and yeah
I think this was my favourites in the
collection this coordinator set
basically because I thought it's like
it's a chord I guess what I don't
actually even think this was part of the
collection that's how difficult it was
to figure it out because they haven't
advertised it clearly so I actually
don't know but I like it nice trousers I
think I might try just this outfit on
cuz that could be in myself it and then
to go with it is like a nice tunic well
they called it a blouse my bad
here's the top ooh got that very big is
that the front no that's the front
buttons down it and on the back you've
got a nice necktie which I think I
thought was cute I thought this was a
really nice summer set right it is part
of it the model well I don't know I'm
pretty sure it's part of it
whether they have um you know if it's a
whole different collection when they
have it called Ltd on another tab like
they do with HM conscious and all the
other ones
that's why I'm saying this always
happens you know like just before
Ramadan a brand suddenly releases a
Ramadan collection or a modest wear line
and it's like and I look at the pieces
I'm like these were just pieces that you
were releasing anyway and you just
collected a few of them and put them
under this title so your half-assing it
which is just annoying but clearly some
of these have been designed specifically
because that caftan is just so like
traditional looking it's just tradition
it's just traditional it's just
traditional clothing which is annoying
because we can already get that like we
can get traditional clothing so you
haven't helped us young helped you know
made the shopping easier because we can
already get that I could have got you a
bit I want to stop in H&M to get me but
I think this is really cute though like
I would have bought this anyway
just seeing it in regular H&M so I might
try that on potentially keep that for
the summer especially with my big old
preggers body I mean like what do you
think about about it because you know
I've ranted about this kind of thing
before when dmg came out with their
Bayers as well I write about these
things a lot and honestly it loses me a
lot of potential work it loses me a lot
of work but sometimes I just can't help
but have an opinion I just I just can't
help it and I'm not being rude because
listen write as much as I hate what
happened with hmm a few months ago with
the black child model and I still shop
at H&M it's such a humongous high street
brand but I get so many of my essentials
from that is actually difficult not to
it's difficult not to I mean so it's not
like I'm you know boycotting and I'm I
just can't help but have an opinion it's
like you can be a fan of something but
when they do something half-assed or
when they do something completely wrong
you're gonna call it out when I finally
got my confirmation of your order has
been purchased I realized I bought two
of these when I thought I'd bought the
brigade for the jacquard one which
looked also very traditional but it
looks like it had more potential than
this one didn't it like it looks like I
might actually want to wear it even
though it's nothing I haven't seen
before
and it was just another traditional
piece of clothing yeah
I didn't manage to get it also in the
pictures there was this bird orange kind
of coordinated set which was basically
an Asian suit and it was really really
nice actually but it was basically an
Asian soup so so you know it makes it
like it was a shuttle yeah but it was so
the top was like Asian style it came up
mid-thigh straight you can get
inspiration from the cuts and the you
know and everything but I don't know it
just seemed all very half-assed this
next piece is bright blue here it is
okay first of all how the hell is this
modest how is this different to what
they already sell this dress comes up
just past your name
okay the fraud case long-sleeved but
it's all see-through so like how is that
different
and then it's there's like an
overlapping thing here even like it's
lined but if you guys can see where the
lining stops that has always been really
annoying for me when I shop on the high
street when I shop in H&M that the
lining on maxi skirts or long skirts
stops higher and way higher than the
actual length of it because I'm like I
still have to wear something underneath
so not only am I going to be wearing two
layers already because it's lined with
Shump something sheer on top by now now
I have to wear the third layer to bring
the see-through nurse down past to get
me to get me this leaves actually quite
nice the way the sleeves are designed
the pleats there that's that's quite
nice the problem with it is is this
nothing different to regular hmm however
the prices are different because the
prices are more expensive an off-white
top and it's just something that you can
just get anywhere like how is this it
just really annoys me because we get so
excited and like yeah and then you don't
want to let everyone know that you're
disappointed with it because it's like
you feel like you should just appreciate
what
you get given but it's like you clean
like I don't know anyway I do like the
color of this oh this is a nice fabric
this one's nice I like the color of this
that actually looks like a very handy
top and I picked that up in a size 12 so
this was another coordinated set that
they had which was like this
Dusty's mint green color which I
actually really liked but I couldn't get
my hands on the top so I thought I'd get
the trousers anyway just to show you
guys the print is like a jacquard fabric
again and then right at the bottom you
can see diamante detailing and then at
the back of the trousers guys is this
little split over here can you see that
little split detail on the back which is
very very cute why I find funny is they
said oh let's make a run with our
collection let's just make it jackpot
let's make it Jack up cuz that looks
that looks like those guys over there
and then we've got these other pieces
that seem like regular H&M let's just
Chuck that in there too so you don't
even have like your kind of essentials
your modest wear essentials that would
be really handy for a lot of us it's a
disappointment there is still a second
collection a second half coming out in
the collection we'll see what that is
like hopefully it makes you think oh now
I get it
all yeah that whole thing all makes
sense it all all put together nicely
yeah hopefully it is we'll see I don't
know if I'm gonna try and get hold of
those pieces right now I don't feel like
I want to however if I see those pieces
and I'm like oh my god my opinion has
fully changed the tables have turned and
I want to share that then I will try and
get hold of his pieces and do a video on
it you've worked for them before we did
a block list but I have worked with H&M
before I did a blog post for them on
their back campaign the ladylike
campaign he was a good campaign that's
I'm saying I didn't hate H&M but like
they could have done this so much better
it could have been could have been
amazing but we'll see what the second
half looks like if it looks appetizing
I'll try and get hold of it and do a
video and it will be
really positive I'll try on and I love
the pieces but there are there are three
things in there that I really like there
are four things that I really like you
know the mint green trousers I just
couldn't get hold at the top there's the
blue coordinated set which I mean like
and there's the really handy white top
but in general it's a slight
disappointment and I really didn't want
to be negative but I feel like why
should we just sell for anything and
this is not because I'm like you know
I've been blogging about modest fashion
for ten years and I wear a scarf on my
head and all that like even if I didn't
I modest fashion would be my day-to-day
and I would still be disappointed did
you get me overall just to wrap this up
off this is little summary you know
we're heading in the right direction
with the inclusivity thing but people
need to maybe not think about it too
much we are looking for what's already
on the high street to just be more
inclusive for everyone modest fashion is
basically a style of clothing that
includes everyone that's all it is
because it just means adding a few more
layers or adding a bit more length
that's all it means anyway whatevs I
hope you enjoyed this video guys I'll
see on the next one till next time I
don't want to bro I want I want that
nice shirt that I saw I just need the
back of it to cover me ass hasani's oh
well let's make a modest line let's
dress up like this like they meet let's
dress up like they should
let's dress up like they should be
dressed guys I literally just tried this
one on because I was packing everything
up ready this is what I said in the
video was my favorite one and I actually
really liked it isn't this nice dude as
a preggers I think he's got a size 14
pretty much fits perfectly I mean look
even better shoulders the trousers are
in a 14 I would show you up top but
there it's just open like there's no
chance they're closing so if the wind
you know goes will you usually can see
baby bump obviously if I wasn't pregnant
they'd fit back of the shirt is so cute
because of the little kind of tie it's
very very comfortable
it's giving me very very Indonesian
batik vibes but I do like this set and
I'm thinking of keeping it because I
think it's very oh yes also I didn't
notice that at the bottom there there's
a little kind of slit detail right I'm
just gonna hold this here because I
think it's c2 I thought I tried this top
on as well because well they're the two
kind of things that I said I liked so I
thought well let's try them on then
let's open the light a sec so this is
the top I like to remember it's a size
so considering how huge my stomach
actually is that's a good fit I think
anyway these are the only two I'm
showing you what they look like on um I
do like this though I do
