on the way down so snap oh
this is rubbish guys puppies in database
don't put me on I'm having Bubba Bubba
Bubba baby nah did not faint hey Mara I
use a Kelly mom will be there yeah oh
yeah yeah
Mama's panicking cause luck
over there yeah Oh Bob are we nearly
there mama we need a there yet but we
don't need you that
yeah I mean now what then Yanni now now
what guys look ahead for no ship C given
affront Seiya ships
guys were a an aim sauna and the result
that we're staying in it's called ocean
blue okay I was basically empty there's
no one here by then so strange and then
maybe we'll go to the sea and see the
sea
I don't think Hannah is going to go
swimming today though because it's it's
about four o'clock in the afternoon
probably but you called for her the
water wherever I dunno probably isn't
but tomorrow morning booboo going into
that water they were just going for a
walk check the place out take the little
pool and it's so empty which is great
because we're not gonna be embarrassed
about walking around in our my you're
sorry to see we can take great bikini
pictures here yeah Palin's got a new hat
guys makes a change a much more film a
you're sure a woman and hermit L muscle
omaha's awfully then girl forgot little
Hodja bet whatever that me guys look how
huge this pool is
absolutely humongous Thomas Thomas so
long why you speak rates women my little
boo boo such a little explorable guys
hadn't wanted to get out the slings I
took her out and now I'm carrying her
hat and warble and snake their multi you
slink I love it lapa hey got hannah in
her high chair and I'm gonna make her
some tea relax with fruits for brekkie
hunger is just fully spreading her give
Nevada Oh
guys they gave us all juice but it's not
fresh I was just taking a guess a and
here's mine oh okay that I'm about just
done with breakfast and I never got to
finish my coffee so I'm gonna walk back
to the room with my coffee but my dad's
gonna drive because oh I spilled Bowl oh
yes I shook her
that's Barbra driving back because you
can't be bothered walking to the hotel
room you know walking everyone with a
cup of tea hi Dina Dina Tokyo we want to
view just women guys in the pool totally
bare face but thought I'd show you mine
may you share a so this is what I'm
wearing this is a cycling top basically
from H&M because all the ones on the
market are nest even the ones amongst
expenses just look like the ones you get
in the market out here in Egypt Marks &
Spencer you could have done much better
job than that with your DMF with your
team of designers etc
I've got people out the pool and she's
got this like hooded poncho thing I for
mother care and pribyl got a little time
kind of did I ten have a got a ten guys
I was doing backstroke and my scarf was
just gonna fall apart
but there's no way I was planning on
ever gonna wear something caps that
looks nasty on my dad got saddle of
drink I'm dying to try it and I got
myself some guava juice
and then having a little fede dozed off
and so is my dad so he doesn't finish
swimming did I get a tan not really now
we are on the way to dinner
look I'm wearing same thing but a tad
scuff that way and when the same
cardigan but with a white shirt
underneath but the same jeans and the
same shoes so the plan is we go to Porto
Sona which is on the card in the car you
go and the s over there and there's lots
of restaurants and ting like that just
gonna go neat somewhere there and I'm
starting
