a bit of exercise on the go guys get
these tree trunk legs to be twigs
forget guys for real now try thick out
pictures but you know mum life and ting
we're using the our kitchen as a as a
little photo shoot studio so this was
held a shoot when I was here pineapple
is the problem we like doing tank and a
tank like that and then here's the
photographer Mario Debussy let er Nia
I just working behind the scenes with
Mario Debussy i Gianni oh and you know I
don't got my makeup did everything like
it's a proper photo shoot all right man
come on now we're going to take we're
gonna take one of these shots now guys
you know one of these like this doc it
looks sick on video from ah yo Oh quick
let's get you down come on let's get you
down let's get you down my yo cuz it
moves you see you any idea you know what
do you mean Oh
Nino or make your other foot come on
stand up straight I can't no you got to
space trust me just want your head back
I promise you got so much
what do you do
hi guys I didn't tell you but we're on
the way to London basically a subletter
services Hannah's in her little Snuggie
warm think she just had a try to poop
and basically I need coffee and fiddle
nyan thing binding coffee look I got no
volume on viscosity looks so weird
flathead hahaha
to sleep
hi son
just got here guys we just got to London
so my sister's house man yeah boo don't
go buh buh buh
it is Wednesday Mon and I just got ready
and I'm gonna go basically and do a I'm
just trying to get good lighting right
without y'all noticing huh I'm going to
do a little photo shoot
it's nothing exciting it's just a poor
tracing for you know Lulla mag high and
yeah basically I got trying to pose
around say let's see how it goes I've
got a feed Hannah I go a groove Hannah
laughs manaphy so hopefully you know
she'll be okay the whole time I'm going
in the meantime Syd it's gonna you know
take care of her fully and he's gonna
vlog so that can basically be his life
oh he's not vlogging oh damn it any guys
like my outfit its bamboo it's very 70s
I'm going very 70s today with my little
bootcut oh wow oh I look like down guys
I'm back from the photo shoot
yay it was good my you know oh no I
never feel comfortable like doing photo
shoots are left there like Mia said and
that's it so anyway I'm back and we be
going with the brother and the husband
to GVK Yusef
have you bonded with honey in
this is why I would do the Joseph guys
because he refuses to participate
died okay this is a spoon I've got to
feed Hanna with I got it as a gift a
hugger gift from how pan
Howard Lily our friends you put the food
in here and you feed the baby from that
you just squeeze that that comes out
let's have a go but basically I didn't
tell y'all but as of today um well
actually as of last week I started
trying to feed Hannah so I started off
with some with some Rusk and my breast
milk mixed and she really loved it so
this is this is Ella's kitchen mushy
peas are you gonna be healthy baby them
them them them you like that that looks
like you like it
this happens Tana speak when she's here
Oh like it don't you Oh in my mummy
favorites vigil I was telling you how I
had to cut the bottom of all her baby
goes off this is a three to six month
baby girl
and I have to cut it because the six to
nine months is too big so this is what
ham is dealing with right now by the way
a lot of you guys are asking if it's
worth getting this mama Roux I would say
no guys we're back in London by the way
didn't get chance to really film that
we're coming and yesterday we had like a
event to event to go to in West world
with df3 course but did we get calls to
film and everything but because it was a
bit like a bit too busy and then Hannah
wasn't having any bit like she's now so
you know I just had fun with you guys
some of you guys came down got selfies
at the photo booth and that was good fun
Booya Simon Asher sort of booth idea hi
sign so yay for that one and all this
thing but now it's ten o'clock in the
morning we've been in London for two
nights and today we've got a meeting
haven't we yes Hannah we've been taking
Hannah to all our meetings and
everything and there's been really funny
has Nana yes
and then tomorrow we've got another
meeting all the way in East London all
day so you're going to love that on you
Hannah yeah Maura and to see are coming
from Cardiff today and mean mama have
got an event to go to the UN event we're
all supposed to wear these orange
dresses but mean momma's dresses didn't
really fit us very well and so we're
just going to go in like plain colors
match the scarf print for the event
around our bags or around my neck or if
on my head if it fits on my head by
mobile so I'll show you guys the print
when we get when I get back to the house
oh goodness me but I really can't vlog
basically write me and said have come to
London about three four times this month
and so we're just like you oh well let
me get a number for this place
one of this home passed I think so
basically we're just like y'all let's
just move back to London so we're gonna
hope to do that in the Sun when shuttle
odd try and move back to London
yeah yeah so that was it guys we're in
their family baby changing facilities in
Westfield which is so good get family
toilets where you can all go in so it's
like two toilets and then baby changing
facilities all here which I'm just so
impressed like I said they've even got a
microwave so you can do formula and
stuff got microwave so you do formula
baby changing and then breastfeeding
rooms so cool look at this I mean that
beats Cardiff Capital shopping centre
anyway so I want to snuggle out it will
get on the way to the orange dress event
with the United Nations yet we opted
Lauren I just didn't fit me Monica you
know we got we've had kids and stuff so
we reckon your scones mines
one of Mama's is like
funky light on marble II kinda yeah why
still as another day
that's so cute
nice one asset with my best defense yeah
he said you have given him anything for
presenting yeah and he has yet to give
me philosophy
to ever get it
you
committed
me money now absolutely guys I didn't
tell you but we came to Cardiff so now
I'm in Cardiff so we went to London I
tried to vlog a bit there but I couldn't
really cuz we're just too busy and now
we've been in Cardiff for the past few
days and I haven't really been vlog but
Ben hadn't really been blogging because
I've just been taking a break and just
hanging out so here we are on the
kitchen that's our dinner and this one
here is Hannah's inner bit of carrot a
bit of courgette and a beam that is
gonna be nice and soft so she can just
kind of sit there go mum mum no no no
I'm not really anybody she can have a
feel freer this is what she's gonna wear
gonna wear this little jacket thing
which is a jacket bib and she already
had strawberry for breakfast this
morning
she had slept on a bit of strong
readings like oh man she liked that felt
good and um yeah so hopefully you know
soon you'll just be innovate yeah
another update is Hannah's bedtime is no
longer you know just when I write asleep
handle err she goes to bed around 7:00
p.m. which means I got a few hours to do
things like edit videos by the way the
reason that like I've been really really
lazy with their two marriages not
recently because of its orbit and it's
having me filming I do have loads of
great ideas for your pets ooh I always
say this is my box anyway today we went
to town as well we've got mama love
makeup and that because she needs makeup
lessons from me so I'm gonna be mom beef
makeup listen little Gracie what
happened was yesterday I had more
seizures and then I woke up the next day
and this has happened so I'm elated
chocolate so I'm gonna be getting it's
not the chocolate basically I don't know
what it is but I reckon that's
Choji I had a churchy head stuck in my
eye and I rubbed it a little bit of a
cat allergic reaction I believe that's
possibly what it is there so that's
craziness I was supposed to film today
with me mom light but I don't really
want to feel him like this and since Ted
put sunglasses on but what I feel my
like to make facial expressions and talk
with my eyes so that's not really gonna
work so could be the malteaser undercut
but we'll see how this uh hopefully goes
down now this happened last night before
slept it wasn't as bad and I woke up and
swollen you can't really tell on camera
it's not as bad but looking up he what
happened before it was Choji licked my
malteaser and I'm not one to waste a
good malteaser so I ate it after he
licked it because obviously he's a cat
and he doesn't finish Maltesers and so
my dad reckons that it's the me licking
them eating the Maltese after the
Catholic can get and he's a secretly
chuffed that and started to think oh
yeah see I told you I told you in his
now right Bubba
and he's just nodding over there because
he doesn't talk on camera but I'm gonna
get him on camera I am I'm gonna do it
heaven no I'm Dina hi dad
my dad's a big fan of iPads by the way
like huge diehard fan of iPads and
that's why he has turned himself into a
current iPad right now in that right
over is that like that way always I view
so anyway yeah if you want to know
anything about iPads you know contact my
dad really anyway yep still there as an
eyepatch on a little walk going on it a
walk Hannah going on it Oh
hi guys I didn't tell you that way in
London again or did I tell you I don't
remember amazing we've been filming all
day in East London at galleons which
Shopping Park and I've been buying you
know summer things and we're done and
now we're having a break and just
wrapping up and I just want to tell you
that there will be meeting grease up I'm
doing me jiggly Caliente shant√© Park and
it's gonna be good fun to meet you guys
and take selfies and have fun like that
so I'll give you more details about that
later healthy hi guys okay I'm like
trying to vlog for you guys but honestly
I can't remember what I've told you
already on what I haven't so
is an update what's just happened we've
just been in London
like two nights filming that shopping
video they did at galleries yesterday
and now we're on the way back then to
Burma go and I can't remember if I told
you not but I booked Egypt tickets for
me and Hannah so me and her now going to
Egypt without it the citizen want to go
so mean how I'm going to use it with
uncle Hasan to see and my mum this could
be my first plane journey well with the
baby so I'm totally myself so
I'll let you know
obviously I'll Frogger for you basically
I need to get Hannah a passport so
anyway I just really need a McDonald's
when we go home let me go home we need
to have a McDonald so we need to unpack
the car guys this is everything that I
bought yesterday a girl has reached
basically I went absolutely insane in TK
Maxx and more than anything you guys
know how much I love take him out so
anyway when we go home he's have
McDonald's in to unpack the car and then
we're gonna go to the park to the post
office collect the passport application
form fill it in they were going to go to
the post office and take partial
pictures because I need to renew my
passport and Hannah has got to take her
possible pictures which is going to be
absolutely hilarious this is me passport
ready hopefully ya guys have had this
 up like 20 years I just got my
possible picture done ready
and since in the process of getting
hammers and it's impossible to have a
second thing this is like the Ted still
be caking it's just like quit Hannah on
his shoulders I've so much dribble on
his head so much way but on his a
boo-boo huh hold on he okay she's
annoyed now I need to basically pack for
Egypt by the way I've got Hannah in a
sling thing while I get stuff
done around the house boom boom boom
boom boom she loves it front facing so
that's good but I'm just trying to
figure out which sling I'm trying to
figure out which link to Egypt by the
way this is me oh I don't know what's
called I think it's called Parman puns
I'll show you on my later cuz I'm gonna
be ordering more stuff from them tonight
for Egypt actually but I do like it very
much this that hi guys I'm getting fit
and I'm going on a big walk and I'm
doing a circuit thing with Syd I'm
filming it for you guys but you would
have seen that anyway I'd watch it your
hands out there hello gorgeous little
dress girl you never wear dresses doing
let me just as you like a little boy
cube every dress from child's play
clothing here you love it you love it
chubby chubby what the hell is that oh
my god does it wig stop stop misses
glad the a little stuck in the flipping
pro my dear
should I mess up my Stuckart sit dad
