hi guys so for today's video I'm taking
you on a little bit of a walkie walkie
with me said behind me there and Hannah
basically you guys are always asking me
about you know my fitness routine or my
diet or how I lost baby weight or how I
keep fit in general things like that so
I thought I'd make a proper video
specifically talking to you guys about
what my current situation is because you
guys know I've had to eat some sort of
before and I'm very conscious about my
way and like my body image and things
like that and it's very important for me
to feel good and for me to feel good I
need to look good
why have lured since having a baby and
trying my hardest to lose baby weight is
I can't lose baby weight well I am
breastfeeding and it's not really baby
weight that have either it's just weight
that I can put on because of
breastfeeding and obviously I'm still
breastfeeding Hannah I'm not gonna stop
feeding her because I need to be skinny
or whatever I'm not gonna think about
dieting per se while I'm breastfeeding
Hannah so that's for the next six months
so I just thought in my head you know
what Dina keep it simple just get active
and try to eat healthy your Gumba with
the odd treats now and then or the odd
fat day now and that's obviously for the
past week or so I've been getting active
and obviously it helps like lido
weather's really good and so some around
the corner is really motivating me as
well obviously for the past week I've
been walking everyday just around the
house picking Hannah for a little walk
in the primary pram or in my sling
basically I downloaded this new app on
my phone called earth miles and it works
basically like air miles so you know
when you go on an airplane and you go on
hold in and you collect like points and
then you get free well that's how
it works but it works with like food and
vouchers and stuff like that 20% off
radiance cleanse oh I'm gonna have
to get that one rude health 25 percent
off if you look at Fitness in gear 10
pound or 50 pan like added us on all
major brands amazing so every time
somebody new joins I get 50 extra earth
miles so if I'm on like over a thousand
thanks guys but also I've been walking
and what happens is it syncs to like a
health thingy on your phone and it
tracks you're walking you're running and
you're cycling you guys know ever since
I gave birth I really love walking but I
have no need to walk with because Sid
here doesn't really
so the only option for me to walk is
most of time by myself with oh boo with
booboo obviously me and boo-boo a
win-win situation it's not like I'm
getting free stuff on chocolate bars
things I can tempt me I'm getting
discount on healthy stuff that's
normally quite expensive unfortunately
healthy stuff it's quite expensive does
it car if you walk around in a circle I
suppose it does count because you're
still exercise isn't it if you do what
of course it counts because your phone
is tracking it how many steps does this
cover and then I was gone almost it but
he's lost his mind a little bit oh I
could also run and get free earth miles
like this gentleman over here I mean
women like this lady good thing she had
headphones in and guys this is part of
the workout I just made up right now
block it anyway oh yeah oh honey
oh my phone better be tracking this I'm
telling you right now I'm gonna run to
the end of this what I was saying is so
important right I know it's kind of
sounds a bit hypocritical because I'm
still going through that myself like
don't be depressed about how you look
it's so difficult not to because
honestly it controls my life the earth
miles app isn't changing my life but it
inspired me to try and change my
attitude towards food because basically
if I'm getting free for walking
hopefully I'll walk loads and then I'll
just be used to walking and from walking
a lot I'll feel healthier especially
with the Sun out then I won't want to
binge on junk I just want to binge on
healthy stuff I really hope it works I'm
gonna continue walking on this lovely
sunny day I hope you guys enjoy the
little workout that's it puts together
for me and you'll see how funny is when
I can barely keep up because I'm still
practicing time to work out way even in
it yes you're in it okay for fire
oh yeah sprint towards me backpedal
backpedal backpedal backpedal sprint
towards me backpedal backpedal backpedal
backpedal backpedal backpedal backpedal
jump towards me oh oh caught fire four
fire four fire this this walking video
just got real four fire touch the sky
four fire lunge towards me good job good
job
backwards lunge backwards leg look at
that rewind Oh
Siri why as you can see guys quite our
breath it's quite shameful really and
you know when you haven't exercised in
so long but if she's psychic I hope you
enjoyed this video guys don't forget to
check out earth miles and download the
app do you have a little go yourself you
can also follow me on earth miles and
see what I'm doing and I can follow you
guys back enjoy getting healthy guys for
the summer motivate yourselves with free
 icon stop saying to anybody so
guys I hope you enjoyed this video and
until next time I'm gonna run off now
come and get me oh you can't you can't
keep up with me
