I don't know how I look but gonna have
to do hi guys it's been ages and that's
because I've been so busy when normally
I've got absolutely nothing to do
basically guys haven't filmed in
literally two exact weeks which is ages
because like I just said to my little
song guys really busy so I've finally
got around to sitting down and filming
my next video which is going to be
reacting to my old video Oh ice cream
back in the summer a few months back I
did a video reacting to my old photos
and a lot of you guys then suggested to
react to my old videos and I thought
well why not
I've been doing YouTube for about four
years now and there are some very
cringe-worthy videos for me to have a
look at that I'm going to get up on my
channel right now www.youtube.com /
dinner Tokyo hey I'm trying to use my
ring light and day lights backlight so
let's see how this works
any good yeah that's perfect
so basically hey Nicky the lights not
great but don't worry about it anyway oh
my nose is running right now when I was
in Cardiff I tweeted that I'm gonna film
with my mum and so you guys tweeted me a
lot of questions to ask her it cetera
but then what happened is out of nowhere
I woke up with like a very big swollen
left eye I have no idea why I'm a poet
and I've been but no it's an jvu right I
think I accidentally got chillies fur in
my eye and then Rob the extra and then
add allergic reaction so today the video
should be fun by the way I've got so
many videos for you guys I just have
that time to film my next video is gonna
be a massive massive makeup haul from
the balm cosmetics because they sent me
a package this big and I can't wait to
show you guys and I need to film that
video because I want to start using the
product properly and I can't use them
properly to like change everything so
I've got my headphones ready I'm just
gonna snap sure that's ugh hey come on
okay get the video put a nice filter on
done okay so I've got my oldest video of
them all right here in front of me
volumize hey Jeb with a flower clip your
skin does look better than ever
lore'l Revitalift hi again god I look so
pissed off I'm like sigh dying nobly
obviously see you guys back then I
really thought YouTube was like weird I
didn't really get it I just did the
videos because you guys asked me so
sorry about that
sarcastic kind of demeanor I have going
on
oh damn volumizer flower kids that's
huge dinner you don't want to go any
bigger
well I'm I has it all up here and a bowl
out here mmm this one I used to
tutorials on the head mannequin
fantastic I think I've added up for that
one okay let's go on how to wear a
square hey Jeb taking everyone to see
you what is that music up to today we
can get started on hopefully oh my god
looks so good my ring which is my
favorite ring I can't do you what saying
or what in here is so put my name back
before you can get them Dana what you
talk about is enjoyed this be right now
girl outfit of the day with special
guest
can you guess who oh the days when I
used to really write sentences out for
my titles hello is did a joke it offers
day featuring surprise guest got my
brother use of to film with iPhone and
it's portrays as landscape
black bars nightmare we're going to look
at Hasson in the back okay small and fat
happen was to see of hillside chasm
actually must have got a nice outfit you
see I might have to redo that looking
with updated this is a new look shopping
haul
filmed on my iPhone new look shopping or
pop one ah there's gonna be a part to
Wow listen I don't we learn you with my
makeup
with the budget those eyebrows go oh
that I didn't know that you could sound
so young guy sounds so young I still
have a jumper to be on City day I'm Dino
day Ondina you're like filming yeah that
fashion turban tutorial this is like the
first time I try to tell them tutorial I
remember that struck Lisa blitman my
quirky glasses days does me explain
Tegrity strictly fashion says I don't
get any hate from like internet ships
poorly long Lina however I have a
totally different opinion on covering
wind turbines cetera now I just thought
the head yep in a very closed-minded way
I have matured in my views on that now
but anyway self-service can a random
vlog number two this is called organized
misses these days watching it like I
miss the music recipe on my youtube
videos like looking at this video I know
what time's day work I missed this time
in my life it was quite nice to tell you
what my eyelash is looking great
they're not my style annoying to get a
wife hi guys today's just a quick
out-of-date video with my brother
husband because he cut I was so young
well oh my god boys were stressful yeah
on the guys man I was so skinny oh my
god
before half the brokers voice unlike my
teacher is from the men's section go
mark oh film this on your don't this on
your phones and tie Qasim unless the
guns in the dynamos
accidents attempted taggi my credit
glasses this is one you should have that
awaits this kind of flicked over
forehead hair face oh my God my glasses
are ridiculous
I said I'm like oh I stopped you should
be like really forward like this so
funny looking back these videos I used
to think I was like chubby but looking
back it up like I'm so skinny guys
appreciate what you are now because a
few years later you will not be that and
you will miss it I'm so funny
it's you know this is what I updated a
little bit and started filming with my
iPad rather than my iPhone and this is
my brother does my makeup hi guys
yo man this isn't creepy for me I look
great you know I mean I just think use
it was hilarious back then I still think
is hilarious tutorial alert how I tie
underneath my scarf and another turban
look four years ago wow my heads cut off
I remember not caring about these things
okay bubble scarves in stock oh look at
my fancy intro this is the before I got
married but Sid made me this intro I was
like this is so fancy I still think it's
super fancy but he's obviously not too
very fond of it I love that intro
mmm-hmm nice get me a new intro yes
that's I makeup okay guys so I went
through a phase where I was loving a
tassel scarves pom-pom tassel scoffs and
I just I came up with the name bobble
tassel scarf and then it just caught on
and now everybody who sells them calls
them bubble tassel but they actually
just pom-pom scarves or just hassle
scoffs oh yeah no oh this is 2011 this
is five years ago so when I first
started doing dots underneath my eyes
but as you can see they started off as
like dashes and I was like this is
generous and then they evolved into Nita
we'd look like I would never go out like
that now but it's interesting this is
why I used to make youtube videos just
to tell you guys about the scarves that
I hadn't stopped like I would never do
that now because that's not like a
sufficient video for me look for less
Kim Kardashian when I used to do a few
celebrity Harry Chaplin
I used to slip to look for less videos
where I would find outfit I saw
celebrity that we like and then make it
a bit more modest and wear it myself off
the high street and then film it and
then like whatever the celebrity's hair
color was that would be the color of my
scarf genius I think I might actually do
those videos again but hopefully a bit
more quality let me know if you want to
see more look for less videos Kim a
Kardashian oh my god
I am NOT existed I'm so skinny and nice
I like it I'm getting inspiration from
what all my old videos that's what I
used to film like this it used to be
like hi guys
do you like my top you can't see it
because the camera doesn't go all the
way back but that's enough embarrassment
for me for today guys I hope you enjoyed
that video
I'm gonna go attempt to my little boo
boo Hannah gotta stare so I can hear
crying I don't know what's wrong with us
I gotta go check so I hope you enjoyed
that video I say Lee did to be honest
with you I really enjoyed it I'm not
actually not that I'm biased mine is
like the first two ones that we watched
by the way I just want to say uh you
know thanks for subscribe I want to have
a little bit of a sloppy moment and that
is not going to be that sloppy because I
hate sloppiness so basically I'm just
going to say thank you very much for
subscribing and watching my videos and
it really really I mean I really love
that you do that because it means I can
do YouTube videos so please continue to
do that forever okay but chocolate one
day Japan they are you saying are you
saying on the tube of the you well okay
