okay hi guys that were always been ages
as I filmed anything for my channel it's
been basically about two weeks since i
sat on films I thought I'd come back and
film with Sid because everybody thinks
that we you know had a massive falling
out because of the wallet video and the
makeup video but we haven't because we
got over it and we're a dog hell I'm
dressed like a bloody Backstreet Boy
every time I feel really you have to
comment on how you look you looked in
the mirror why tell in the video - no it
looks a weird here this video has been
requested so many times basically since
I've been married and I've always put it
off because I didn't really like the
questions but I read them again I was
like well we'll just do it what are we
doing we're doing the couples one two
three Type O couples one two three times
yes your man I can't I can't fit myself
in here
I know so sit forward like me like this
annoying because you're sure sit forward
like this come on come here
why is it so claustrophobic up in this
come on come here
we shouldn't for the tripod higher then
come on then no gonna so I've got the
questions right here on the telephone
question number one you ready hmm do I
hear the vain if you're BF / GF or
husband or wife yeah could be married to
a movie star who would it be kind of
question is that money basically this is
why I didn't want to do this video for
cam I felt like it's trying to make
couples argue yo man what's up what's up
with this time man I know what movie
star you and P method would be married
to oh shit what's the name again
there's nobody man don't do
documentaries cart dealer Tokyo David
would be married to Adriana Lima that's
a mention on us you know movie star oh
yeah oh Sid would be my - Charlize
Theron no I wouldn't
that's who said who's that who said
fancy no I don't or used to fancy cuz
since you got my to me he's not allowed
to fancy anyone
well Deena would be married - here let
me get closer
Deena would mean my haters come on Dina
would be married mr. Damon Channing
Tatum that's not true that is very true
it's actually not that's true
Deena fan you
- I don't know if she stole that she
used to fancy Channing Tatum he's gone
down him and then he saw again bloody
you're on the baby in it and like it all
on Wednesdays some people age really
really terribly basically anyway skip
that question man forget that you know
why do you acting like just abuse why
are you were you being like this is the
how if you're do you guys like mice
cardigan it's basically a scarf and a
cardigan discarding them I made it up
number two if your husband or wife could
be a celebrity who would it be
you would be Will Smith it's one two
three
are you missing the whole point of this
I'm missing the whole point of this
bloody thing isn't it one two three
right and then you say oh my god okay
okay if your husband or wife could be a
celebrity who would it be
one two three Chloe I would be nobody me
I'd be nobody no you would not you're
meant to do one person than another oh
you would answer about me what no you
meant no whisper say won't you sweet
hello okay yeah but at the same time no
yeah yeah I've got to answer this the
person I'm thinking in my head for
myself oh yes I watched it I want one
baby about how much I know about you duh
so I could answer what I think you would
be and you can ask what you think I
would be why why is it watch it I wanna
hear I guarantee you watch it although I
watched it yesterday I wouldn't be
asking what you I've watched it as
couples when I see yes is one person and
then the other is one person in any
other why would you name two different
people it sounds like I want to be a
woman and you want to be a man
we go one two three babe I say which one
I think you are you say my when I tell
you is right no I'll show you oh ma you
numpty
okay turns out I was right you know what
you're doing right yeah okay if your
husband or wife could be interested mine
who would it be
we just did s to yours ready one two
three nobody Oh oh my god
okay my turn one wait I don't even know
you as we are you got three seconds
ready okay one two three
Jennifer noise yeah I love gentleman
yeah cut miss everdene and all that shit
in it no I love Jennifer Lawrence you've
gone to the corner shop test score right
yeah to get milk and decide to buy your
husband or wife a treat
what did I buy for you basic what did
you buy for me yeah okay ready wait wait
we will be yeah there's a few things
just choose one thing okay wait
it is enough to pop Pacific though in it
you don't name the brandy no no no okay
okay one two three
lend us one see there's a few things I
would have got him a lemon tart or a
cheesecake and a whisper chocolate and
helter-skelter ice creams and maybe a
pastor and a sandwich and maybe
something a few things and maybe
somewhere I would definitely go you
fizzy drink yeah love and Tom we're
lemon tart is is kind of close yeah I
would maybe get a lemon tart when if I
go to a shop wait what would I want oh I
know I want you ready 1 2 3 chops this
Tuesday joke sticks mastered sugar
doughnut but the chokes the stuff other
violette last week
no always yummy toxics give me choke
sticks ok your chokes okay okay wait
wait that would be a few things I would
want the cigarette talk sticks I would
watch those sugar doughnuts I would want
Maltesers to Maltesers all the time
basically it's just sweet stuff there's
a couple of things I do know each other
a little bit yeah we do not done no way
we don't need this is so that's all
right yeah okay what percentage of
housework would you say you do I do
yeah okay well how long I think money is
okay okay one two three
80% hey TP don't you late you do half is
it yeah you are you mental I cook I
clean I I don't know
you cleaned like now and again I clean
all the time I clean all the time
especially now that we could have got a
baby I do most of things run your house
let me set the record especially no baby
I do most of things right it's not fifty
percent you're lying now you're lying
no no no I'm yeah I'm getting offended
by that you're lying
listen every morning I this is the
difference with our cleaning habits I
clean more regularly but shit Sid will
wait like a whole week and then do a
massive clean and he will do everything
nobody I snatch it yeah but I do more
housework than D notice in that and well
we don't do it it's not okay you tied
you to thing but I do more housework
than you do you take care of Hannah
especially now Wow looking John today
what were you talking about husband well
how's work have you done two days no oh
yeah you you put away some stuff that's
out what if you've seen this place right
now I would show you it's a tip so
budino putting away stuff makes no
difference because we've been filming
all morning right this is like our
fourth video with it yeah that's a lie
blatant like 80 to 20 percent guaranteed
Oh this it's gonna you know what I was
gonna say 90 by thought I'll just give
it another 10% seriously if you're bftf
could choose one thing for you to get
rid of what would it be what would I get
rid of from you okay we did what if I
could pick one thing no we got a guess
now what you would pick of mine for me
to go it up what you mean get rid of I
don't hate it
thank you like on my body no what do you
mean we got a gas now is one thing is
this a physical thing like no so Camaro
oh is this like Oh get rid of it no it's
something that we have uh we have what
you mean so by the way I eat all Apple
so we're going to guess what you would
pick of mine that you'd want me
something you own yeah okay okay let me
think let me think - I already got rid
of that some oh my god
you don't nothing on my really annoys
you does it wait wait wait wait wait
wait there's something that really
really annoys me was it there's
something really
knows me and I was thinking about it the
other day but completely forgot now okay
let's do what I would pick for you
one two three Xbox why are you not
saying anything imma get rid of that
piece of shit expert I I hate the Xbox
with a passion why would you get rid of
mine nothing in it I would get rid of
something I don't have anything for you
give it up okay they really yours
they're not the house is gone what's we
doing
go on one two three okay one two three
cushions you get rid of the cushions yes
the cushions the throws everything all
that shit I would get rid of it
I love cushion not it annoying of me in
the way you with it yeah they're nice
when there's two of them
Bowen is 25 yeah what is your
boyfriend's most repeated sentence or
phrase I don't use everybody know is
yours
okay sure you do yours first online okay
we'll do mine first
one two three baby I didn't even know
yours it's gonna be something to the
swear word in it if it was it'd be what
the f is this shit oh I know mine well I
know mine dad do it again well I didn't
mind shut up man this is very rude oh oh
hi nose would be oh what is your
boyfriend's most used cuss word we'll
see yours first one two three Golf yeah
boy you don't give me a chance to think
one two eight come on so easy one to
shit sake oh I do say that a lot when I
see the dishes or when he leaves pizza
boxes on top of the bin yeah things like
that why is your husband's ultimate
favorite movie whoo now we can't play
this game does not make no slices
we're not you know you're absolutely
I know we don't have a favor and I won't
again that I'll forget though name I
like Russia was it oh there you go and
meet your just hit you saved everything
important what would your husband go
back to get one two three turns
oh why she's funny nice game Jimmy hey
what a meteor just hit obviously not
honey bun boo-boo I'm gonna go get
Hannah now while you think why do you
think
Riley's okay they don't hear that yes I
lay her down there one two three
my god Oh camera is a good one yes I
would have got the camera suck at
vlogging last question where you got it
the saying opposites attract it's true
because me and my partner are opposite
at ha well we opposite out basically
gotta fill in the blank opposite up what
we offers out something we're opposite
the road all right fo come on done
no our business detract it's true they
sing yeah
because me and you are opposite at
talking you talk too much and I don't
talk enough now we're opposite at humor
since you might any different to mine is
computer but she loves my human up well
I mean it I mean it has its days genus
he was like a nice not hmm
bored made me love it what would make
you laugh yeah you tripping up and
falling on your face looks Iike okay
ultimate one two three one two three arm
wrestle on three ready okay but mine
mines one finger yours is hand obviously
not mrs. bauford little break you yes it
both oh one finger then two fingers I'll
give you two fingers one two hold it one
are you all about
one two I'll do anything
go on do it one two three it's a - I
won't breaking I told you one finger is
bad okay ready one two three
haha I'll break you I don't break you
you are broken oh just hit with my ring
okay I squares my phone hey guys I'm
getting new furnaces having mine cuz
hand-me-downs that's the end of that
tank
thanks for watching guys I'll get new
boxes and Dinah's up in mine hun middle
