hi guys so for today's video I'm doing a
snapchat Q&A everyone and their mother
is doing a snapchat Q&A so might as well
jump on the bandwagon I'm saying why did
I do that in smack and nobody's asked a
few hours ago
I told you guys on snapchat I didn't
announcer anywhere else
sorry let me turn this on silent we're
working Cupid Lee forgot to close it and
four hours later I'm hitting about your
thousand snaps that you've sent me here
you go right over here so I'm basically
pretty much just gonna get straight into
it obviously I'm not going to all of
them guys sorry Barnett let's see what
Jemima Khan forces just because I like
the name Jemima tap to load what's
makeup brushes do you use and she sent
me a picture of a fireplace lovely oh
then she said you are the best girl I
know I'm joking makeup brushes I use
loads of makeup brushes guys you're
seeing my tutorials right now I'm loving
the artists brushes which are the ones
that look like spoons they spell AR T is
so artists but without the T on the end
that is just genius right branding and
then I use the mix of matte brushes
Sigma brushes elf brushes and crappy
ones from Amazon my sleeves will stay
rolled up is to possibly that vintage
turquoise not working about one to fix
deep it so let's go - Scooby 41 hi my
question is no what's my new year
resolution well I don't have one
actually because every year I have a
resolution and I never stick to it so
this year um basically my resolution is
just to actually do kind of and just
really whatever you want to work I just
want to work really really really crazy
hard nothing SAFF Youssef says loading
oh okay that was nothing new round 94
cute mashallah I didn't read any
parenting books ah I mean I learnt a
little bit for my mum in the first few
weeks of Hannah being born right now I'm
just learning as I'm doing it kind of
thing I remember I told you guys how
forgot it was in my mum blogs and things
like that I'm delay you guys are right
it does get easier and it does start to
become really good fun
obviously it's so stressful and like all
that crazy stuff but overall it does get
better and I'm just learning of I'm
going really so let's see what Noel Arif
has to ask oh god I was too busy posing
nightsticks got to listen let me wash
them what is the one thing I would never
want Hannah to do hmm
run away from home or um kill me become
a murderer something like that oh love
you do let's see what no gasps aw man
says oh she sounds Scottish I bet you
know gasps if you're watching I bet you
an Egyptian squash you sounded like an
Egyptian I know my Egyptian be perlier
the Egyptian Olivia when did it kick in
that was mother probably that whole
month when I was struggling and her
first month of being born and I was
going through like crazy stuff it took
that whole month for it to kick in and
settle in I guess because I used to look
down a hand and be like how am I the
mother I'll do this little tiny thing I
used to freak me out but it's finally
kicked in sometimes I sit and think oh
my god I've got triumph oh my god this
is so crazy
um so it's still kind of kicking in I
guess I don't know let's go on to lena
illinois marie all right Lena - Lena AL
memory has beautiful eyes mashallah um
and she said in case you didn't hear it
what got you into fashion well and basic
Clara I was there during high school
everybody had to take textile so I'll do
next I'll so we submit cushion covers
and all that stuff and then when you hit
GCC you get to do fashion if you want to
do fashion or you get to do product
design so I did fashion and I love
it was amazing I just loved doing the
folder work and I didn't like the
practical actually making the clothes so
much but I really enjoyed the design
process of the GCC fashion or textiles
whatever it was and then sorry I took it
for a levels and during a levels
unfortunately I was a bit of a joker and
I got off track a little bit so I wasn't
concentrating too much and I didn't do
what I could have done and the potential
I had I suppose cause GCC's I was sick
telling you you should see my folder
work but I gotta wear is awesome mrs.
Pope from Kitty's high school but then a
levels are kind of just messing around
too much asked mrs. Pope and I can't
remember my other teacher to a butcher
curly hair and she was really cool and
stuff but they knew I was just messing
around taking the piss basically so I
left fashion for a bit that's when I
went to uni and tried different things
and then Union wasn't working out so I
decided to just start doing fashion
stuff at home by myself like I explained
to you guys in my recent video would sit
on the Sid and Dena channel of how we
met so go and watch that if you'd like
to know more on exactly how I got
started okay ray hen dot bow do you
smell a burger I'm joking
okay I'm gonna just replay that what you
have to buy replays from snapchat you
havin a laugh by three replays for 79p
oh my god why do I have to buy replays
it's my snapped ray hair night paying
towards your snap again sympton @p I got
a baby now I'm guessing you asked what
advice would you give to somebody who
wants to wear a chair but is very
nervous and you said that you're 16 and
you want to wear it well it's great that
you want to wear it well just think of
it like this in school you get nervous
when you have to present something when
you have to do something we all get
nervous in things in life that you have
to do but nerves are good and normally
once you've done the thing the nerves go
and you think why was there ever nervous
so just think of it like um nerves are a
thing they you just you just get with
most things that you have to do that on
you in life so just do it and the nerves
will go like don't worry about it it's
all a lie you've got family to support
you in short life but good friends and
shuttle know you live in a great
place where people are accepting and are
not gonna be horrible to you they're
just going to maybe ask you questions
and remember questions are fine just do
it and I mean you never get known till
you do it and you probably just think
old the nerves were no realer rassner ji
says Stu I plan on showing Hannah's face
this is a question I get low that I also
get other questions like why aren't you
to enhance face I don't get it
well isn't that doesn't that than that
arm I don't plan on showing his face a
lot of you guys saying I was because she
doesn't want her said etc it's not
really there has a thing because when I
post up other pictures of Hannah or just
her outfit cetera you can get hazard
from that anyway so it's not really a
house I think it's more of a safety
thing and also like not just giving her
a fair chance in life kind of thing not
just putting her out there whether she
likes it or not
for like 700,000 people to inspect on
Instagram or however many thousand on
YouTube just don't think that's fair and
also I'm a little bit paranoid there are
like crazy PTO's in the world and things
like that and like internet freaks and I
just rather not put her in this when
it's not needed because if you think
about it I think there's quite selfish
act because it's just for my pleasure
for attention from you guys about my
child
whereas Hannah doesn't care there's a
lot of reasons for it but I think too
much information online sometimes a bit
too much sometimes you know means so
there's a lot of reasons but no I'm not
planning on showing her face so yeah
it's a very strict rule so if you do see
me out and about with Hannah I would
expect for you guys to respect that and
not take sneaky pictures of her because
I've had people thick sneaky pictures of
me and also another thing is I really
can't deal with their people debating
things underneath a picture of Hannah
even if it's nothing to do with how that
I can't deal with anything to do with
that wimps a picture of my tongue I
can't deal with it
it really hacks me off and so imagine
what I'd be like if I showed you guys
her face and gave everybody the
opportunity to talk but my child and say
things no no no thank you on Christmas
Day I uploaded a picture of Han wearing
really gorgeous a pigeon
my sister had bought her and just said
it Oh Christmas Day equals pajama day
because for me it is because I just say
in all day with family and it's good fun
and I wished everybody who's celebrating
Christmas a happy day and for those who
weren't celebrating to just enjoy the
day with family and it created massive
debate about also make businesses hair
along with Muslim blah blah blah I can't
deal with people that can't tolerate
other people's religions and other
people's beliefs
you can't expect non-muslims to tolerate
us or respect us if we don't respect
their holidays and their Christmases and
stuff like that so ok let's have a look
at ill hem 101 5 sounded like I was in
radio what was your name then on why I
do that another question is what is your
favorite Egyptian or Arabic song I did
ok your have you got loads of questions
there I'll just take the two all right
if I have more kids I've got 30 names
basically if I have a boy I told you
guys it would be Noah or if I was have
another boy it would be yeah yeah love
that if I was to have another boy it
would be Ali for another girl no idea
girls names are so hard picking hams
name was hard enough so what's your
favorite Arabic or was Egyptian singer I
don't know I don't really have a
favorite but when I was growing up I
really really loved Tamara Hosny songs I
really really love Nancy agram and I
really really loved um sad I saw earlier
there really be a one I really love
damage AB standard who else that I
really love I really liked those like
shaggy songs and I really liked loads of
what's his name Roger Ballen Emma I
think and look a crocodile a male and
there's a blizzard ones like that I said
we'd like them I don't really listen to
music right now to be honest with you
because poor I can't both downloading a
copy bothers keeping up with music to be
fair okay let's have a look what F dot
mirrors are said
Oh guys it case you had notice when like
people say I love you is I'm I'm really
I'm not a soppy person so I kind of just
get cheesed out and like yeah levy to
you oh yeah let me tell you anyway she
said what was the most eye-opening thing
about being a mother I'm sorry I
actually still haven't had that
revelation okay meri yeah Buhari
my surname girl stop eating chocolates
are you crazy basically right today's
Thursday when I'm filming this a mere
sip started our mega health cleanse diet
on Monday so I've been on it for like
four days okay
this is my fourth day um but just before
that the breastfeeding thing is making
me crave like a bitch basically and I'm
just stuffing my face with bread
biscuits and mail cookies chocolates
after chocolates whole but big share
bags of Doritos like croissants three in
a row well lie I mock it in like I've
got the appetite of a flippin horse
I'm swear down nobody believes me when I
say I can have ten thousand calories in
day but well llahi I can so easily so I
was getting a bit chubby again and I was
like you know what actually Sid was like
you know why I'm sick of this we're
getting healthy he wasn't like oh I'm
sick of it this because you're fat he
was he's getting fat doing it so he was
like I'm sick of my body I don't get
healthy so we've been trying to get
healthy since Monday and what we've been
eating since Monday is nuts for snacks a
lot of dates a lot of milk and then when
it comes to dinnertime and stuff like
that we just have green vegetables just
veg and tiny bit of tuna or um I had a
little bit of course cheese the other
day so I'm literally we're trying to eat
nothing out of a packet if you know what
I mean even though tunas in a packet but
you know what I mean like Kristen
chocolates we're trying to eat
everything that's kind of grown we're
trying to do that so I've been on this
this is the fourth day I'll let you know
how it's been maybe in like two weeks
maybe I'll do it I mean if I can stick
to it and I become a pro then maybe I'll
do like a die
video but other than that I'm not really
one to talk about dieting because I'm
all over the place and you just can't
give up chocolate you know I mean
chocolate and coffee Oh larae boom ah
just cause that's a good name to what I
didn't either got to buy it and that I'm
joking
I think Laurie boom are said when are
you coming to Pakistan well the plan was
to go before we had a baby but now we've
had one it's gonna be a bit delayed but
I would love to go to pax our new dia
Alma's me says do what goes 200 okay um
I'm 26
yes almost 39 Oh blue so depressing
next we have Sophie have you guys seen
cam Oh
Neos a well girl it sneezy bright now
and of I hope filming sir not really
probably stay home and do up to nothing
my original plan was to go to London
spend it with my sister and my mama and
maybe just go out and about but we
decided not to
cuz me and said oh hope hobbits not
hobbits sir there's things that just
borrow in the ground and don't go out
means it others okay let's go on diva
loves life um really I'm just saying
this is what toddler had toddlerhood
looks like good luck she said nice
thanks for that
let's see chandram says my question is
are you going to teach Hannah out of it
or pesto are you just gonna stick to
English well well I love listen from
Liverpool you are pesto right isn't that
some chicken sauce or something I don't
know I'd love to teach our big but I
don't really know how I guess I just got
to try and speak to her as much as I can
in Arabic uh possibly from now but I
find that difficult because you guys
know my Arabic in all that
for example I really gotta think when I
say that so like analyzing a -
you know why is it calamara be the pesto
I'd love to teach a pesto but that's its
job
so hopefully me and SIDS plan is that
hammers going to be trilingual yeah
English pesto and Arabic and and so the
plan is that when sits teaching Hana
pesto yeah
I'll also be learning and then when I'm
teaching her Arabic he'll also be
learning Arabic and so in the end we'll
all be trilingual and then means it can
have our own Pashto Arabic language
that's just ours so we can like bitch
about people on trains and stuff I can't
wait for that okay we'll just do a
couple more then we'll be done with this
video
right let's go on it Maria Martina and I
just wanted to ask that if you were
doing YouTube and when you were younger
what you want to do your as profession
well I like your crown girl even though
it's a snapchat one when I was younger I
wanted to be many things one of the
things I really wanted to be was an
archaeologist I really like the idea of
digging thing digging all things up and
looking at them and I really really
enjoyed history I love history I think
is so interesting the weird that
people go up to back in the days
basically this fun I should do this all
time oh nice you nuts Nicene Utz just
gone I see nuts to ask what's your new
year's resolution oh this one's been
done sorry goodbye bhai but goodbye okay
let's go on rhiness Devin a sick that's
a nice name Rina I think you're
absolutely amazing absolutely fantastic
amazing sense of humor
wicked style you and Sid make the
perfect team so jealous oh they'll be
dela Bob can you possibly do a video of
the hijab style that's ID on one side I
think you look hot right your DIY videos
are absolutely brilliant no questions no
she wants to follow Dina Tokyo - nice
say hi to your mother-in-law for me I
like a little bit of mother-in-law
action asked me if I can do the tutorial
with the long bit on the side done it
before
that's the God's honest truth I don't
know what where the video is but me
I'll try and find it and link it below
it's not a video all by itself it's in a
video of multiple head jet tutorials so
I'll try and find it where I've done it
below alright what's the cool named let
me do too thick
hey let me get too thick have you got a
toothpick hey OH
at any point you have regrets I'm
starting to wear the hijab yeah so many
times in my life I've regretted wearing
waha Jeb very recently actually I think
in my year of engagement to sit and in
the first year of marriage I wished I
wasn't a JB it was making me so
depressed man I was I was hating my life
and I just wanted to take it off so
badly cause I was like I would life
would just be so much easier without a
hey Jeff there was no real reason for me
to think that nothing happened for me to
think that I was just getting depressed
about how I looked and things like that
I was just like I wish I could just
stick my hair in a pony you know get
myself some ombre going on and things
like that and so I just got to press all
four very shallow reasons if you think
about it but these do affect us as women
so and that lasted for like two years so
I only recently came out of that really
and but I've always known that I would
never actually take it off because I
know if I was to take it off I'd
probably feel very naked it's just for a
temporary happiness where it's not I
know it's not going to make me happy to
just take your and that's one of the
reasons I try all those different styles
and stuff to keep it keep it fresh you
know keep me wearing it basically plus
my dad would have killed me if I took it
off so that helps oh by the way for
people who are not Muslim here and think
Muslims kill people my dad wouldn't
never actually killed me / taking off
it's just a figure of speech okay Noura
Abdullah 95 says what do you do when
you're angry was Syd I give him a good
thumb paramah face
I'm putting straight and I'm joking but
a man who saved normally I just stay
quiet I'm like this and he's like what's
wrong good thing and I'm like I'm
getting annoyed now I warned him like
the Hulk okay wait just do one more
which is the one boy who's got so many
City fair ramesha are wheezy
find out when will you be doing a big
beam in London where I love you oh thank
you please always love my videos please
always watch them and all these things
thank you very much okay when am I going
to be doing a meet and greet hopefully
near London well um I don't know I told
you that for I find me angry so awkward
cuz like hey come and meet me and we'll
do nothing but take pictures
Oley maybe one day I'll just be in
London and I'll just be like yo I'm on
Oxford Street outside McDonald's meet me
now I'm here for half an hour and then
I'm out anyway guys that's a wrap
thank you guys for sending in your
questions I'll do this regularly in
châlons thank you for watching this
video it's been a great pleasure having
you here I'm now going to move this
gesture oh that's the way and take out
four pictures on this wall till next
time Bosley
