I've been ready to film this for about
two hours
but Hannah needed my attention and so
makeup kit
just a little scoffs been pulled about
just a lottle anyway hi guys
whoa big hands so today's video I am
going to be telling you guys my hip jab
story it's not actually that interesting
to be honest with you it should be quite
short hopefully so before I get into my
little story um for those of you guys
who don't know what the hedge AB is I'll
just give you like a quick explanation
so the word hedge ebb is actually an
Arabic word the literal meaning for the
word hey Jeb is partition or separation
or barrier even or screen so something
that is like a barrier basically that's
the literal meaning for the word
hey Jeb not actually scarf on head that
a lot of people seem to be confused with
the Arabic word for scarf is well in
Egyptian Arabic anyway it's a genre or
color huh even the word hijab obviously
as we all know is commonly used to
describe the headscarf that Muslim women
wear all over the world worn differently
depending on their styles and their
culture most Muslim women adopt wearing
the hijab or adopt the idea of the hedge
airband dressing modestly once they've
hit puberty and that's when we begin to
cover pretty much in front of all men
other than family male members except
for our dad grandad uncle brother
um father-in-law husband as well of
course we still have to cover up in
front of male cousins basically we got
robbed in front of anybody that you
could potentially get married to or you
could have relations with the most
obvious part of adopting the head jab is
the actual head scoff bit that covers a
woman's hair whenever style it is worn
in whether it be in a turban style or
whether it be in this style or a more
drapey style the scarf that covers the
head is what is more commonly known as
the hey Jer it's also very important not
just to fur
cause on your outer appearance but to
focus very importantly on your inner
self your inner character and your
behavior and your manners towards others
adopting the head is also kind of like
an identity for a lot of Muslim women so
obviously when people see us walking
about in the street they're like oh
that's the Muslim lady every day we wake
up in the morning and we put a scarf on
our heads we cover up but it's the most
obviously Muslim thing about us every
day we're waking up and reminding
ourselves that we're Muslims and oh when
I walk out the door today I might be
accepting an example of Islam or of
Muslims to others and so that's why it's
very important and for us to also keep
that in mind and be nice in public
basically try to be nice and everything
but also in publicly wearing the head
can also become a kind of barrier for
you in terms of helping you not to cross
the line in lots of certain situations
where there have been school social
situations work situations and kind of
like that for example you're not going
to see me walking into a club every day
when we put on the scarf it's an act of
worship solely for got a lot I think
modesty is also practiced by women of
other faiths so Christine women Jewish
women and even Hindu women even Sikh
women modesty is pretty much taught in
most religions in the way you dress etc
so you know I guess with the Muslims
it's just the most obvious one because
of the headscarf there are also women
who just prefer to wear looser clothes
in general who do not have any belief in
any religion they just rather be private
about their private areas by no means
that the head mean that the woman has to
walk around looking like she's been
dragged through the bushes walking
around like a complete boring from the
idea of it is to differentiate between
sexual appeal as opposed to
attractiveness there's only so much a
woman can do to God her modesty because
every man has a different opinion and
different ideas of what beauty and what
sexy is or not oh for example if I walk
around in full niqab with just my eyes
on show there's gonna be some dude
somewhere who thinks that's hot as hell
so we can only do our best
this will also depend on where a Muslim
woman who has a
live so there's different ideologies of
what beauty is in different parts of the
world etc and so the way you will end up
dressing and how you style your head jab
and your modesty will largely depend on
where you live and your social
surroundings but in Islam we are
required to be presentable and well-kept
in front of other people as we are a
representation of Islam remember that
Allah loves beauty and he loves for us
to take care of our ourselves and our
bodies adopting the full head jab to the
best of our ability is no doubt a
liberation for women especially in a
world where unfortunately sex and
misogyny is legitimized in almost
everything in life so I hope if you
didn't know what the his jab is you kind
of know a little bit more about it now
and maybe you can look up anything else
you don't know about but be aware that
there are loads of different
interpretations online except when you
just got to take bits and bobs from
reliable sources and come to your own
conclusion and my story basically I was
11 years old and I got my period and I
think I was 12 actually or I was very
late I was almost 12 and I got my period
and I was like oh my god I'm dying what
even is this now I'm joking I knew when
it happened that this was a period and I
had become a woman and so why did was I
went to my mom who was in the kitchen I
said hey mama I think I'm gonna need one
of those pants that y'all was wearing
she's like and I was obviously super
embarrassed and a bit disgusted by the
whole thing because it's a bit
disgusting together smoothie it's not
disgusting as in like that so feminists
please back off I mean it for me I was
just like oh I've gotta stop wearing a
pad oh yeah and at that time when I was
you know from when I was younger all the
way up until I was like 20 we would go
on family holidays to Egypt every summer
and so I had a lot of friends I didn't
have a lot of friends there but I've got
cousins and he just and I have some very
close friends in Egypt and at that time
a lot of them had also just got their
periods and decided to wear the scarf
and so for me I was just like oh I've
got my opinion now shouldn't I just wear
a hey Jer
mama shouldn't I start wearing school
now she was like yeah fantastic
great you should because I could tell
that she didn't want to like push me or
she didn't want to push my sister into
wearing the scarf and she was quite
hoping that we would just want to do it
naturally because our friends were and
so I kind of did but remember I was only
like 11 almost 12 and when you're 11
almost 12 you don't really well I don't
know about the 11 and 12 year olds now
but my ones back in the day don't really
care what we look like like I used to
walk around in the gap hoodie and boys
shorts and trainers I was a proper
tomboy in that so I've been it was it
wasn't into my looks or anything
whatsoever so for me it was just like oh
this is just the next part in life or I
wear a scarf like all my friends yay
however I was quite slightly worried
about going to school for the first time
with it so I was I just finished year 7
and I was gonna start year 8 I went into
school wearing the scarf a lot of you
guys know on between so I go to school
my sister obviously but she wasn't in
the head so putting on the scarf and
experiencing that whole thing in school
and I was totally kind of alone doing
that so I was a little bit nervous but I
wasn't really too bothered in school I
wasn't like mega popular I wasn't
popular at all actually I was a proper
loser school I didn't think I was a
loser I thought I was cool as hell and I
was I used to have good fun with my
mates and stuff like that but our group
of friends was not the cool group we
were just like the ones we used to get
picked on a little bit but everybody
knew that we always will always having a
laugh and a half though I remember
walking to school and I was like oh yeah
this is me but because I was a loser
anyway nobody took notice anyway nobody
really said anything and I didn't really
have any problems surprisingly I did
have a little bit of brilliant was
actually from Muslim and Muslim boy
which is ridiculous because his mom was
Goff and so did his sister so stupid
I've had my scoff pulled off in school a
few times but a lot of times they were
just banter and so I had to kind of just
laugh off like I am cool uncle should
did I get bum call hi
Joker's funny yeah but her by dying
inside kind of thing because it's so
embarrassing because it's not really the
whole getting a scaffold office more
embarrassing because your hair when you
get your scaffold up underneath is so
flat and gross and like embarrassing
that way yeah now so when I first
started red scarf what was in fashion
for hey Jeb whereas then was to let the
big square scarves and you put them in a
triangle and you put it on over your
head like that and it would create a
peak and then you pin underneath and
then you're left with like two two
triangles here you'd get one and you pin
it on the back here like a rabbit ear
that was the style back then which is
about I was twelve I can't cut is about
fourteen I'm a courtroom so that's about
14 years ago that was what was in
fashion for scarf wearers hey JB's in
Cardiff back then then when I started to
wear the scarf I also started to put on
a bit of weight and then I first got
anything to do with wearing the scarf
and not being very confident to go all
out it during PE classes and things like
that because wearing scarf and feeling
like a little bit silly but thoroughly
bit way and had a bit and I had a bit of
like mental problems with food like had
I had an eating disorder that I went
through during most of high school and
stuff like that so I was very particular
about how the scarf would look needed to
look on my face I remember I used to pin
underneath my chin very very tightly
that actually I was left with a massive
scar underneath and sometimes I've come
home from school and would be a massive
scab and it would be bleeding like how
disgusting what is wrong with me but
when you're at that age you kind of like
sometimes look in the mirror and you're
adamant that this particular look or
what you're wearing this style on you
looks fantastic and nothing else looks
good
when in reality when you look back at
them ten years later you look like a
absolute meticulous human but that's
just growing up isn't it so you know how
I was saying like beforehand I was a
total tomboy not caring about my looks
etc I feel like looking back at it maybe
wearing the scarf made me
only start think about my looks or how I
look to others more I was more conscious
of it I feel like that could could have
happened because then all of sudden like
oh I don't know if it's just because I
was growing up at the same time I don't
know because then all of a sudden I
found myself in a bit of an eating
disorder throughout most of high school
I was bulimic but not bulimic where you
vomit where you binge and vomit I was
bulimic where I binge and then I
exercise for like 3-4 hours straight
upstairs in the Attic in the house and I
did that for years until the exercise
bike broke then I had to do on a stepper
in the kitchen I was a lunatic man
anyway I've done a video on that years
ago which is also very embarrassing
because the quality is horrific so maybe
I'll have to redress this video in
another video about eating disorders or
don't know so for example I used to love
PE lessons and sports but then when I
would scoff I was like oh I can't really
go out coz I look like a right idiot
mine with this thing flopping out of my
head
so even though in my school there were
loads of heavies there's a Muslim girls
but having said that I am very very
happy that I did where they did at the
age that I did because I feel like if I
had waited till I was like 18 19 20 ah
basically I would have never worn it
because I reckon it's a lot more
difficult to decide to wear the hijab or
the scarf and all the age then it is
when you're younger and you don't care
how you look cuz I'd be like what night
cover in my hair I got my own style I'm
like you know whereas I kind of grew up
with the jab and I don't really know
what it's like
I don't live teenage life all of it I
don't really know if I worked when I was
11 I didn't even experience being a
teenager without a scarf so I don't know
what it's like to live without walking
out every single day with a scoffer
and it's so crazy did the day I put on
I've won every single day of my life
every day of going outs I've put a scarf
on my head every single day except
sometimes in the garden then I let it
enter in it really well done to all
those girls
who
out there now and you've just recently
become hijabis at the age of 18 16 even
20 25 30 whatever is and you've decided
to do it now because it's a lot more
difficult because obviously you've lived
longer so your life is a bit more
established and it just becomes more
difficult as well because you're more
aware of everything whereas when you're
young you don't care about anything so
let the big bass little bit surround
with floss everybody who's a recent HIV
is very very difficult especially in
these times that we're living in now
where the news is just Muslims are
assholes 24/7 just a few words of
encouragement for you guys who are
struggling around their jab you can get
through it if I did 15 years you can do
it all good depending on where you live
obviously it's more difficult for more
people all across the world but to chili
you know well anyway guys are really
gonna go so thank you guys for watching
this until next time bye
