hi since this video I'm doing a DIY
video yay after ages my plan was to do
these like at least once a month but
that didn't happen so they were going to
be making one of those Waterfall
waistcoat or jackets that you see around
everywhere they're really popular right
now and they're quite cheap on the
market and things like that so we're
going to learn how to make one of those
ourselves because they're so easy
usually you just find them in like plain
colors and then like this felt kind of
fabric what you're gonna need for
today's video is a tape measure
give me the pair of scissors yay the
fabric of your choice okey doke you're
also going to need a sewing machine
depending on your fabric of choice
depending if you're lazy or not if you
opt for a fabric that's more you know
like those felt fabrics or like a jersey
fabric a thick jersey where you can cut
the edge at none of the threads come
loose so you don't need a sewing machine
if you get one of those fabrics
I picked like a wool mix kind of Tweedy
thing that I found in a fabric shop and
I just really like it for winter there
is an option to add sleeves which will
make into a full kind of jacket if you
wanted to do that set the ends so let's
get straight into it shall we
so guys you need a nice big table space
etc or you can do this on the floor I've
got my fabric and this is three meters
worth of fabric because I wanted the
option of making it longer or adding
sleeves if I wanted to and because I
hadn't decided yet when I bought it
we're gonna lay this fabric out onto the
table so I've actually got my fabric
folded over twice let me show you like
this okay so it was opened out all the
way this way and I just flick it over
and kept it folded because that's what
we're doing you see this fold this
section over here and the length from
this end all the way to this end this is
going to be the back part of the
waistcoat and it's going to be the
longest part of the waistcoat as well I
would suggest if you're a beginner to
just keep it the length that it is
because it's going to be a lot easier
for you basically and it will leave room
for error as well that is approximately
a hundred and forty-eight
two meters long okey-dokey now what you
want to do is you want to divide that
length in to 74 centimeters and then
what you're going to do is you're going
to fold your fabric over like this make
sure it's all flat and perfect yeah
because that could cause us some
problems okay
all you need to do now is you to find
the corner over here again to put your
tape measure here get that measurement
again what was it 74 for me half of the
length remember that what you should do
really is pin where your measurement is
and all you're going to do is you're
going to cut from the end like this all
the way to the other corner and that
essentially is going to create one great
big circle so I'm not gonna put any
guidelines or anything because I'm just
fluking this like a fluke everything and
I'm just gonna literally cut straight
into it this could be a big fail but
we'll have to give it a go like you know
guys I'm not sure if you can see
properly but I'm not just cutting in a
straight line I'm kind of giving it a
slight curve okay if you're like
mega-mega beginner then I would suggest
using very cheap fabric to begin with so
like a felt or a jersey even that
perfect okay so save this fabric for
later in case you decide that you want
to add sleeves or whatever you can do
something else with it so this is what
we're going to be left with you just
open up touji as you can see this is a
half circle half moon whatever you want
to call it and if we open up again it's
one big circle a bit of a wonky circle
but don't worry about it okay fantastic
now what we can do is we're gonna fold
it back over here's my semicircle guys
very gelatine so what we're doing next
is basically creating a hole somewhere
around about over here which is going to
be your armhole I'm gonna measure about
halfway the length of this which is
about here and just mark it and then
depending on how low you go to begin
cutting your hole this section over here
is going to be what drapes over your
shoulders so the more you want then the
lower down you want to go and we've gone
in about 16 centimeter
so to make a hole here first so that
size hole normally will fit most arms I
believe so the length of this cut is 25
centimeters and the width is about 13 to
14 this is what we left with we have a
semicircle with a hole over here if you
open it up you have a full circle with
two holes now all you want to do put it
on you like this and can you see what
we've created here guys this is what we
see all over Instagram so can you see
what we've done there's the back of it
there are your arm holes that's
basically it guys if you want to you can
add sleeves on all you have to do to add
sleeves is get some extra fabric pin it
around the edge of your armhole and then
sew this end over here and create some
sleeves I can't be bothered doing that
your second option now depending on your
fabric is to neaten up the edges of your
waistcoat
all you have to do for this is get on
your sewing machine get a zig-zag stitch
and just stitch across the edges to make
sure that no thread falls off it and
then it completely a whines basically
it's kind of cooled as well because it's
like a semi hood but not really me but
sure you have to do a hood another time
but there you go that's basically it
guys
quickest DIY video ever very very handy
and you can alternate the length of this
jacket and the width of this section
quite easily basically just make a
bigger circle so obviously it's up to
you guys how you style a I just thought
this is a very handy wardrobe piece to
have and I'm just sick of the ones that
are on the market now which are there's
plain black cream brown kaki felt one so
now you can make your own one guys if
you do end up making this then time you
understood um I'd love to see if you end
up adding sleeves let me have a look as
well that would be great I really could
be bothered adding sleeves because to be
honest with you Hannah's gonna wake up
any minute and I ain't got no time
thumbs up this video I hope you enjoyed
it until next time bye
okay whoo whoo you can see they're not
pees on the floor everything
sorry about the background there's now
pees all over floor and this is the only
time that Hannah sleeping in the day so
I really had to rush and this is why I'm
not wearing eye makeup because I have to
wear glasses because what
