hi guys so today's video I'm doing a Q&A
session a few days ago I posted on
Instagram saying I want to do a Q&A
video because I haven't done one of
those on my channel in ages there's
about 2,000 comments left underneath the
picture lot of them are you know very
similar or repeated questions anyway so
that's good but I will try and pick the
most kind of like interesting I suppose
and hopefully you enjoy this video and
hopefully it's fun and all that stuff so
we'll just get straight into it shall we
just loading the comments yep
loading the loading think loading
loading
okay loaded a man armor asked how easy
do you feel it is to incorporate Islam
and fashion well now I think that writes
now for me I feel like it is quite easy
to incorporate my faith with my fashion
sense and however a few years ago let's
say five six years ago I say it was
quite difficult and but thankfully
because of the world of social media
blogging and all that stuff that allowed
us to be very creative and I feel like
it's become very very easy
I didn't is anything wrong with that you
know as long as you are keeping with its
limits that you set for yourself
etc but right now I think it's quite
easy to incorporate it and especially
like what's on the high street it's
quite accommodating for the modern
Muslim woman and that is all thanks to
social media if you ask me Marvis dot
slays asks and this is a question that's
been asked a few times how do you see
yourself in the next five years I mean
if you'd asked me five years ago how I
saw myself in the next five years
a wooden of said baby on the way so now
that baby is on the way insha'Allah I'm
gonna say a little family will sit I
will have a little family maybe another
baby of the way in the next five years
to give this current processing baby a
sibling and inshallah I will still be
designing and inna talk here will have
had a few more collection hopefully
still blogging hopefully still making
videos for you guys just improve my
quality of videos and content as well as
add a bit more variety because you know
what I love what I do now and obviously
I love the little family that I have and
I would just want to expand that and
improve its own shuttler kind of the
same thing but a little bit better
k√ºbra newer asks what will you name your
baby and this is the question that was
also asked a lot and if it's a girl
honestly I still have no idea whatsoever
I don't know why I find girls named
super super difficult if it's a boy I
would choose Noah all I would call my
boy yeah here Oh Riley or Adam
or yeah yeah so my favorite boys names
oh yeah yeah Ali Adam and Noah they're
my four favorite so if I was to ever
have four boys they would be called
those four names I'm finding it so
difficult to pick a girl's name so had
you guys left loads of suggestions most
of you guys are just like oh cool her
and then you're like giving your name so
you know I mean I'm just not gonna
happen
okay Kimberly Mayfield asks do you want
to learn another language if so which
one oh I'd love to learn another
language my first language is English
and then my second language would be
Arabic but it's the Egyptian dialect so
I would love to just improve on that and
be like a complete pro at that because
I'm not great at it all and then after
that I would love to learn Syd second
language which is post up because in
shuttle I'd like our child to be
trilingual so hopefully they'd speak
English and Arabic and pushed up that
would be great if we ever did manage
that I don't know if we ever will but I
would love to do that
Halima asks what is the first thing you
think of when you wake up not joking now
the first thing I think of when I wake
up is what am I having for breakfast
well luckily that's the first thing I
think of it's also the last thing I
think of when I could sleep what my
guinea for breakfast and when I wake up
I'm like oh I'm gonna have for breakfast
and then I continue before I get out of
bed I think about I like run a list
through my head about what I have to do
so I'm like okay I have to get up after
1d after pretty after good I'll have to
eat and I'll have to do this do that do
that and I literally just say a list of
things I need to do during the day
that's how I organized my day where I go
fiz one double three one asks do you
enjoy being a youtuber and I love being
a youtuber I wish like I had more time
to do more YouTube stuff like to
concentrate just on YouTube because I'm
really trying to take YouTube right now
like super super seriously because I'm
really trying to and make my channel
like good I want to be satisfied with my
channel but and it does take up a lot of
time and stuff and I love I love doing
YouTube in the shuttle I'll carry on
doing it for as long as as long as you
love when I watch me basically
Mamu sir 23 asks how to deal with a
burden of difficult past and a burden of
sins
meaning what would your advice be to
that person who struggles with dealing
with their past always remembering it
and also dealing with the thoughts of oh
I feel as if I'm so sinful hope that
makes sense yeah it kind of does make
sense really honestly if you have like
if you have like a naughty past or there
are things you've done in the past that
you regret things like that everybody's
done things they regret
especially when they younger going
through certain phases etc but and I
mean as long as you're happy with what
you're doing now and you're and you're
trying not to continue with those sins
whatever they may be
then there's no point thinking about it
man because right now you're not
committing this sin so if you repent and
you really genuinely make the intention
not to continue making the same mistakes
then you can only try your best what is
the point of dwelling in the past is
just going to stop you from progressing
and hopefully becoming better in the
future
there's no point it's just going to make
you depressed and sad and it's happened
in the past just think there are people
who are way worse than you who have done
way worse things so don't worry about it
just don't do it again and just don't
dwell on it just strive for now
hopefully okay hey boo Tara asks what
does Sid do that annoys you Sid does
many things to annoy me
for example Sid puts the heater on his
feet when it's the lovely hot day
outside it's boiling outside but Sid
sits down in the living room and he has
to have the heater on his feet even
though it's boiling that does my head in
cuz I can't stand hot air that I breathe
in I can't stand that and Sid also likes
to eat food and then he leaves his plate
he just leaves his plate there
absolutely annoying Wells's to do that
only that does many things but they're
all very minor minor funny things when
you think of it so nothing too annoying
ham delay cute Rowan says how tall are
you and loads of people ask this I am
precisely 165 centimeters in height
I think that's like five five foot five
and a half I think so I'm just like
average height I mean here a doc Kolani
has three questions what keeps you
motivated to go out with the head chef
on every day what does head GEB mean to
you and what advice would you give to
someone struggling to keep the head on
so I'm thinking of actually doing my
head jab story tag video which is a tag
video that's been going around for years
and I actually filmed one when I first
started YouTube which is about four
years ago and but to such bad quality
and awful filming that I privatized it I
believe so I'm thinking of doing another
one basically so I can go into detail
about this kind of topic but basically
what keeps me motivated to wear it is
I just think well what would life be
like without it and would be very
different and I probably you know I've
been wearing it for years I've been
wearing it since I was 12 and so I would
feel really really naked without it
basically even if it's just a turban
style you know I mean I just feel really
weird for having my hair out
I just wouldn't I don't think I'd be
able to actually ever walk out like that
what advice would I give to someone
struggling you know the more the
struggle the more the reward it's really
difficult like I struggle with my jab
I've been through phases like mega
phases where I'm like so depressed and I
don't want to go out because I hate
regular dead things like that and I
actually wrote about this for aquila
style and online magazine I used to
write for them a few years ago maybe I
leave the link below I have to did the
article called struggles of wearing
hijab and how to kind of like try and
overcome them so I think I'll leave the
link for that in the description and
hopefully you can just read that and
hopefully I can touch on it more on my
hedge episode tag as well tamina dot o
XS would you do a meet and greet and I
would do a meet and greet I never really
arranged just a meet and greet I just
would like go to an event and say hey
we'd love to meet you guys at the event
kind of thing why never arranged just
like a meet and greet just to come and
meet me because I just feel like okay
but then what else are you gonna do it's
a bit of pointless outing I feel like I
need to arrange an event where we do
something fun rather than just a meet
and greet where you girl hi Dina I
meeting you okay picture okay now I'm
also very very scared of doing these
things because I'm really like a shy
actually in real life to be able to do
so
fara Hien underscore FB says are you
going to be launching beauty products
and no it's not it's not a plan of mine
in in the near future so no I'm not like
a beauty expert or anything I love
beauty products and things like that but
I mean I wouldn't know I mean I think
there's enough on the market I don't
need to launch anything yes and just
call what asks how did you insid meet
and if you watch my husband tag and we
actually go into detail about that but
I'll tell you very briefly we met at
university started talking and he used
to help me with them my Photoshop
modules he used to do all my work for me
basically and that's how we met the blob
asks if you only last take three makeup
items on a trip what three would it be
it would probably be my eyebrow filler
concealer and a bronzer Iranian X asks a
body full of open wounds in a bath of
lemons or getting your toenail ripped
off oh my god that's horrible
hold on a body full of open wounds in a
bath of lemon
I'd probably opt to get my toenail
ripped off Lee 3:03 for says tell Sid
he's a legend and what football team do
you lot support we don't support any
football team because SIDS a baller and
when I was younger I used to support my
new and an Egyptian team but like
whatever I should underscore base-8 says
can you do a push to challenge where Sid
speaks first and you try to translate in
English actually I've been planning to
do like a Pashto / Arabic video for
months now but we just have never got
around to it for me in the SID channel I
was planning on doing something where we
just have a full-on conversation in
Pashto both of us or both of us in
Arabic and we just kind of translate if
you guys thought that would be quite
funny for the Arabic speakers to watch
Sid speaking in Arabic and for the
poster speakers to watch me speaking in
Pashto and yeah I thought that would be
entertaining but I haven't done it yet
so let us know if you want to see that
Sarna dot by jesus asks if you could be
anything other than a youtuber what
would you like to be so if I wasn't
doing YouTube and blogging and designing
and all that stuff I suppose I would
love to do something to do with animal
rescue yeah I like I really love animals
and I would love to do something where
I'm like going out with saving animals
or I think I actually quite fancy being
a midwife even that would be so
satisfying and rewarding I'd like to
help people help people or animals but
like especially animals I know that's
really bad I should want to help people
more but like it's just something about
animals I just like really what I would
love to work with animals I think that's
what I would like to do Mariama
underscores and asks what's your
favorite makeup brand right now actually
it's Max Factor and gosh so many people
asking what is SIDS job
we actually mentioned this in the
husband tag like um maybe like two years
ago something since a motion graphic
designer and when we were living in
London he was working for a company in
London and that's why we had to live in
London and but then he went freelance
and that's why we've kind of just moved
to Bergen because it means he can work
from home so he's a freelance motion
graphic designer
just another day
says when will you have a sleepover at
my house and probably never and then I
think she also goes on to ask if Sid
would allow me to sleep over at her
house I think I wouldn't allow myself to
sleep over your house simply because
you're a complete stranger on the
Internet and I don't believe in
sleepovers anyway I don't think they're
like I just don't like suppose I stop KX
asked how come you should you don't show
your dad on social media it's not that I
don't show my dad on social media but
you know the thing is like people have
their own choices in life and like if my
dad doesn't want to be on social media
as much as me for example or as much as
like my siblings I can't force him do
you know I mean so he is sometimes in
some of my videos or I have posted some
pictures with my dad for example when I
got married I had nice pictures of my
dad things like that but you know he
doesn't want to I can't it be like well
tough Baba you have to be on social
media so I mean it's his sub to him
whether he wants to be on it as much as
the rest of us or not so any underscore
Owen one asks will you be having a
natural birth
those are people asking do you know
you're gonna have a c-section are you
gonna have a natural birth but here in
the UK you don't have a choice
like for example in Egypt I know they
say to your do you want a natural birth
or do you want to see section here you
don't have you don't you can't just say
yeah I want to see section you have to
try and have a natural birth and the
c-section is only four luckier agencies
so in shuttle I will have a natural
birth and it would all go well I hope
phases place us what was your parents
reaction to the baby both you and SIDS
families and well obviously everybody
who's really happy my siblings were like
super super excited because like I'm the
first sibling to get married and then
also to have a kid there will be aunties
and uncles for the first time and same
with my parents there'll be grandparents
for the first time and SIDS family also
equally super excited I think a few of
them cried Alex out of like excitement
or happiness and yes everybody's really
happy of course what what joy would a
child not bring Bell underscore far asks
my sister wants to know if you and Sid
were dating before marriage this is the
question that's come up a lot and a lot
of you guys
asking about things like how to hell L
day and things like that and means it
might film a video on that topic as well
and but technically yeah we were dating
so like we teach other in uni and then
like we'd go for lunch or we'd go
wherever we'd go out on that and that's
wrong really you shouldn't really do
that unless you've got like your mum
with you so your chaperone with you so
like it would be your brother or your
dad or your uncle or your granddad that
would be a chaperone and but we did and
a lot of people do and or we go out in
groups with friends things like that and
not that I'm telling you guys to do that
because you know I don't know it depends
on the situation but also like it
depends as well if your parents know
that kind of thing I don't know sneaking
around is never a good thing it's always
best that your parents know exactly what
you're getting up to and that you talk
to your parents openly about these
things because sneaking around is just
crap really so anyway it means it might
do a proper topic on that on our town
happy but 1997 is asking how far along I
am in my pregnancy those of you guys are
still confused about that like when I
hash tag on Instagram 31 weeks or 32
weeks it means that I'm 32 weeks along I
don't have 32 weeks left I'm really
close to the end actually in Chandler if
your life story was made into a movie
who would you want to be cast as you and
said I would want Jennifer Lawrence to
act as me because I really like Jennifer
Lawrence and for Sid probably maybe Will
Smith or Daniel Craig because he looks
like them a little bit arrow says can
you give Mona a shout-out thanks you
shout out to Mona sir
w ee yv yo some of you have some crazy
usernames mobile health was there a big
struggle for you both when you wanted to
get married did your parents agree
straightaway except or what advice would
you give to young Muslims today there
was a big struggle for me and said to
get married and or in terms of getting
the parents to agree and stuff like that
because we're from like different
cultures and stuff like that and
unfortunately that still happens with a
lot of people today they want to get
married to somebody who isn't from their
culture even
he or she is still a Muslim and the
families still have a problem with it
I don't know it's really difficult
because it really depends on everyone's
situation and the kind of family you
have our families are from different
cultures but like Sid and me are really
like from the same like we're both
British Muslims brought up in the UK and
so we're on the same like wavelength
quite sad because there's a young
Muslims who are able to get married now
but the families make it so difficult as
well for the guys let's say like you
have to have a house so you have to be
earning this much or you have to be you
know yeah all these things and it should
make a move difficult for young people
to get married when really Islamically
we should make it easy for us to get
married because it's a good thing to get
married when you found the right person
etc and all that you know there's so
much complex stuff in it today yeah
somebody asked has it ever taken you to
Pakistan or will you ever visit Pakistan
he hasn't taken me to Pakistan go
planning or going to PacSun but then I
found out was pregnant and so we we've
kind of held that off and I really
annoyed because I wish we managed to go
to Pakistan before you know getting
pregnant or before having a baby because
it's just going to be a mission with a
baby obviously and I'd love to go to
Pakistan I would absolutely love it okay
somebody asks I want to tell my parents
about this guy I've been with for about
two years
can you give me advice on how to say it
to my parents who did you tell first
your mom or dad and what was their
reaction like please do reply I'm scared
so I told my mum first I was actually
working out on the stepper in the
kitchen I was like hey mama there's a
sky in uni and he wants to get married
to me she's like oh really and I'm like
yeah boy his Pakistani though she was
like oh she's like a bi is he serious
like and we had a bit of conversation
about it and she was like okay let me
tell Baba so I was like okay you tell
Baba and then she was like you tell him
in the meantime as in Sid to tell his
dad as well I was like okay and then it
just slide from there basically and it
took about three years for us to
eventually get engaged and get married
so and I'd say just tell them man as
scary as you think the outcome would be
it's always not as scary as what you
imagined in your head and most parents
will just appreciate honesty more than
anything I think so I think just say
yeah
just be like you know there's you know
there's this I've met this guy and his
really good guy mashallah and he he's
wants to come over and ask for my hand
in marriage so what do I do now and then
your parents will just take it from
there
they'll take his number and his parents
number and then the parents will just
communicate Alexandre manager asks what
advice would you give to the students
who are attending their first year in
uni well when I first attended uni when
I was 18 and I was shocked my house like
whoa you really have to do everything by
yourself like there's no spoon-feeding
here so I was really freaked out by it
so I would say just prepare yourself to
be completely independent in university
to face world asked why aren't you and
Syd in deci Rascals
I believe that is a reality show on sky
on sky I think and we're not on it's
because isn't it all about like dating
and clubbing and sort of that I don't
know I don't watch it but like we didn't
do these things like what would they
film us doing like we're not we're not
Rascals so what was the last picture you
took with your phone let me have a look
so who I took was of Choji sleeping
Roque asks just curious how come you
call your grandma by her by her first
name
so many of you guys ask me this all time
you I go so rude that you do this blah
blah blah but well you know she doesn't
want to be called grandma she wants to
be called by her first name and this
literally as simple as that
some people don't want to be called
grandma because probably makes them feel
old
each to underscore Jan asked do you have
any secret talents well I wouldn't call
it talents but say learn like weird
things so for example like my feet some
of you guys have noticed this in
pictures like my toes are really far
apart from each other and I can pick up
things like a monkey would with my big
toe my second toe
I can pick something up and bring it up
to like my waist pick it up and put it
down I can pass the remote with my foot
to SID so I guess that's kind of santa
alia underscore asked me asked if sid
ready to be a father or a dad well if he
isn't then it's tough luck he's gonna
have to get ready can you say so
thing in urdu yes I can um I can ask you
what your name is so I think is up
konami kia here and then you'd say Oh
mera naam Deena hey or I can swear at
you I can sit call you a cootie or I can
call you a Morty soon which is fat pig I
got to wrap this up because this is so
long and it is going to take me so long
to edit this and maybe I'll have to do
QA videos on a monthly or something to
keep them a lot shorter hopefully I hope
you enjoyed this video thanks for
watching til next time bye
