hi guys I'm back with another video and
this time I'm sitting on the floor
because I don't want to sit on a chair
because my back hurts and I just want to
like be like this like we're basically
gonna be trying out makeup today and
most girls when they actually put their
makeup on they're either standing in
front of the mirror or they're sitting
on the floor with the mirror in front of
them and makeup all around them and that
is how I most of the time put my makeup
on or most of the time I actually stand
in front of that mirror over there so I
just thought let me get all the new
makeup out and put it on the floor
around me cuz I think it's just a lot
more laid-back we've got some new makeup
today from bareMinerals
do your which I'm so excited about Mac
and we've got new makeup from Too Faced
and it's the first time I've actually
received a PR package from Too Faced so
I'm really excited bare minerals
performance wear liquid foundation this
is the box it comes in ignore this
humungous cut I have can you see that
literally it's fresh I got it last night
when me and said what put in Hannah to
sleep because for some reason she was a
little monster and she scratched my face
up and she scratched his face up as well
I don't think I'm gonna be able to cover
that up really today but yeah the
foundation bottle let's see is it it's a
pump thank God it's a publicist tree
beside flawless medium to full coverage
lasts all day
creamy blendable texture for luxurious
comfort oh you're free hypoallergenic
this is shade golden nude 13 by the way
I've already done my brows and I've also
put on some lashes just because I don't
have any new lashes to try and I don't
have any brow products to try so there
you go they also sent me this lovely
bareMinerals brush I don't know if it's
a foundation brush but I feel like I
could use it as well this time around
I'm actually gonna keep this makeup on
for the rest of the day ooh
it is a good good much gonna dot that
all over my face film on my vlog camera
for you guys so you can see how it's
looking in different light and different
times during the day and all that stuff
as well it definitely feels oil-free
very very watery it's very very thin I
don't use a lot bare minerals makeup in
general you know my mum actually does
though I'd say that that's quite light
coverage what would you guys say so far
I'd probably go in with a second layer
there's no streaks or anything it's
blended in very very nicely but a really
good match whoever sent me this
really good skin much nice one mate nice
one all right let's blend that in shall
we
I'm now gonna go and try the concealer
that they have which is 16-hour full
coverage concealer so what's the time
now it's one o'clock
sixteen hours would definitely be taken
off before then so doesn't matter and
this is in the shade light neutral zero
for under my eyes oh very creamy mmm
domi nose was very very creamy I feel
like I might snap it actually I'm gonna
bring it down a bit
let's blendy blendy shall we using this
really nice little Real Techniques brush
it's a targeted blending brush and I
literally use it for that and it works
amazing guys that blends in quite nice
you know very easy to blend in Wow I
like it oh my god I do I feel like I
might need a second layer under my eyes
I really am loving the consistency of it
though guys by the way guys I managed to
order myself the new Kim Kardashian
conceal
kit thing I think I ordered it about
four days ago I don't know where it's
arriving though but would've been good
to put in this video I think I'm gonna
try and do a video by itself for that
actually not sure what it is but I feel
it feels quite cold and then the
foundation feels quite warm I don't have
a new powder to try so I'm just gonna
set this with my regular hourglass
powder that I always use Haley I used
this hourglass ambient lighting powder
which gives off like a diffused light
and it's not actually for setting your
makeup but I always I don't really set
my makeup with it but I always just dust
it on the top of my base and I find they
works amazingly for me how's that for a
PR package bloody hell look at that guys
it's stunning when I opened it I was
like we've got three pallets
we've got gorgeous lip colours up top
which are supposed to be like a nice
buttery kind of feel then I think at the
bottom we've got bronzers but we'll have
a proper look natural matte matte eye
shadow palettes
Wow look at the mirror on this blimey
I'm talking about just the quality of it
and everything oh my god this is like a
fabric feel to it two-faced dark
chocolates long-wear matte bronzer and
you see the texture on that bloody hell
dark chocolate matte oh my have to use
that for my bronzer then I'm gonna go in
with this shade up here less is more
remember guys when I do these videos I
have no look planned I'm literally just
testing out and seeing what what
happened is pretty much I don't think I
have a to face palette this is my first
to face palette Wow okay now I'm gonna
go in with own natural and put that all
over my lid I love it
love this shade guys I haven't done like
a matte eyeshadow look in ages though
actually I did one yesterday but every
day I've been going in for a glossy look
more so far so good I think I'm gonna go
in with that sick shade on the end
they're called hook up I'm gonna put
that on the outer corner honestly
there's barely any fallout I don't think
I don't think there is any actually what
do you think is because I love the
packaging that oh that it's like
impacting my first impression well the
thing is first impressions really do
help so like packaging is a thing you
know it's a thing guys that blend so
nicely think that's all I'm gonna use
from this palette so far so basically I
just used three colors Oh natural less
is more unhook up gonna go ahead with
Too Faced chocolate Soleil this blusher
brush actually from bareMinerals but I
think this is the kind of brush I use
for contour so I'm gonna go ahead with
that for contour
is this too dark for my contour oops did
I misjudge it oops
why does to face makeup smell and taste
good
what sometimes when I bronze up the edge
of my nose I do it way too much and it
looks like I've dipped my nose in
I'm not sure if I'm feeling this as a
contour to be honest with you yeah that
looks like I've bit my nose and
this side blending in a lot better
it keeps flying in my mouth and it's
tasting pretty good I'm actually gonna
go in with milk chocolate as well to
soften up the contour slightly hopefully
that's the plan anyway like up here for
example oh my god it tastes so nice
there's something going on here that's
just like a really basically I went in
way too heavy with that site hopefully
we could pull it off there a bit muddy
basically just gonna try and get rid of
it a bit I'm gonna do my nose with the
milk chocolate shade cuz it's lighter
ever so slightly cuz I don't really know
how to contour my nose anyway I just
know that I have two bumps in the middle
some of the new Mac hyperreal glow
collection so I've got this palette
right here and it's basically a glow
palette oh oh so is highlight is
highlighter basically three shades gold
coasting got get it glowing and we've
got rosy cheer on the end I'm probably
gonna use a mix of Rosie chia and get it
glowing these two on the end here boo
bronzy very nice very nice I like it
that's beaut I don't feel like I need to
highlight my nose it's looking all shiny
and weird Amy bareMinerals blushes got
two shades here so we've got this orange
e one which is called that peach though
and then we've got this one which is
called on the moon
like on the move get it take you see the
difference quite like that
from Mac we have a bunch of these
pigments pretty much and they look very
very shiny I haven't actually no idea
how to use them but I feel like I need
something a bit more around my eyes and
the one that's really catching my eye is
this shade over here let's just pick it
up look how little and cute it is this
is the shade rose look at the inside
it's loose pigment so I just try and get
some cuz the color looks at pic it's
like pink and gold pretty much oh oh I
thought house pursues it maybe I could
just stick a brush in but you don't need
that much oh I love it I feel like
putting on my cheeks Mac can I put on my
cheeks I should probably get like a flat
brush and dip it in but I can't bothered
finding one I need clothes in this color
I definitely do fade oh my god fade I
need clothes in this color I love it yes
look at this color guys beautiful I'm
gonna put that as a highlighter just at
the top here did you see that okay I
really want to put this lip Maximizer
and from deal and it's a pale blue color
but obviously that is just clear kind of
my lips always chapped in videos aren't
they this feels like the deal
fresh hydration sorbet cream for your
face it feels like that but for your
lips do you're addict lip tattoos very
nice packaging there so that's like it's
more of a tint those three tents perfect
for the summer I can feel my lips
plumping up but very very slightly very
very gently so it's quite nice let's
just watch all of these beauties how
beautiful do these look like I literally
don't even want to get these out I think
I'm gonna keep them in
box in my like on my makeup desk they'll
just stay like this so these are Dior
Addict lacquer
plumps and basically they plump they
tint and they shine the first plumping
lacquered lip ink by Dior do you know
how excited I am I'm literally gonna
swatch every single one of these for you
by the way they are humongous the
packaging is just beautiful here we have
Jade you're so it makes it look like a
lipstick but it's not it's like a
applicator shadow I believe this beauty
which is called D fancy coral shot I'm
literally sorted for summer in terms of
lips anyway I love that shade for the
summer I really do especially when I've
got a bit of a tan do Monsieur obviously
this got to be all French hasn't it
that's that one there now I'm quite
excited about this next one because it's
shiny aged your platinum look at that
beauty can you see that
do your platinum what a beauty disco
Dior I love it I'm all into like glass
and stuff right now one on the end to
your glitz no beaut do your pulse there
it is do your pulse do your fever
that's a beautiful that's my perfect
kind of pink then if I'm gonna have
enough arm space guys do your pretty bit
more rosy Midnight Star fun color shiny
again so for this one I'm gonna just go
right here and do a long one cause if
you like it that's beautiful guys isn't
it wonder how fat we look on the lips
maybe I'll try that one on my lips
glitterati bit more natural I think that
one quite nice for everyday I think
after party another nice pinky shade
let's see how this differs a bit more
hot pink compared to the others this is
called Dior Lee oh this is very dark
very nice do your Eve looks like a
classy shade that oh I love it's like a
minke shade absolutely love that I need
clothes in that color as well lovely d
love lead this color over here which
again looks very natural
oh that's beautiful so these are all the
Dior Addict
like a plump colors which one should I
put on my lips though so with Too Faced
we have one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten shades so the lip
colors are intense color coconut butter
lipstick infused with coconut butter for
a creamy satin finish richly pigmented
for intense once white color payoff
comfortable moisturizing formula for
luscious kissable it o is very Brown
this is called Indecent Proposal oh that
is a once white color pout about it
which is this color that's a good
everyday color to be honest with you
throwing swayed very good everyday color
girl code girl code over exposed that's
overexposed they're all very similar to
each other but with important
differences I think birthday suit I'm
such a terrible swatch shot I love that
color though nip-slip so it's the color
of a nipple probably I'm sorry about
this too watching is embarrassing it's
really skinny-dipping
they really are one swipe colors though
like I let you two go boom very
pigmented it's a strip search and
finally we have send nudes all highly
highly inappropriate really there we go
guys they are all of the Too Faced lip
colors from the natural collection I'm
going to have to go in with the one of
the D or lack of plumps the first shiny
color that we swash that I got really
excited about which was this one do your
platinum I never tried that on my lips
and then if it's too dull or like not
bright enough then
we will add something else pretty much
Wow guys this is so cooling it feels
like I put ice on my mouth whoa this
feels amazing imagine how this will feel
on a hot summer's day that it's
beautiful but I don't know if it goes
with my skin tone so let's mix it with
something else we're the mad bluey one
guys this has got such a cooling effect
on my lips it's coming up closer for you
guys so you can see it the texture it's
too dark so I need to like go in with
something in the middle by the way it
tastes amazing I really want to try the
shiny pinky one on my lips what do you
think of this final look guys I feel
like it's very just go kind of a tease
I'm probably not gonna go out with this
lip color on to the supermarket and to
pick up my kid that's it guys pretty
much tried almost everything I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video take
care guys thanks for watching don't
forget you can catch me over on my vlog
channel d de tokyo vlogs where you can
see me throughout the week and see you
on my next video guys I just finished
filming a full face trying new makeup
check it out the final Lipkin I did in
the video I just tried this one on now
is the to face the new two-faced ones
those strip-searched so nice so creamy
so buttery it about an hour since I
applied all of this makeup okay
I took the two-faced lips off just
because I'm going out now see the market
stuff foundation concealer contour all
of it everything still looking pretty
fresh that was good coz I've just come
back from dropping Sid off going to a
supermarket and then picking handle up
so this is my face two and a half hours
later to bounce with you really good and
also it feels super soft by the way and
I haven't oiled up or anything and
considering how hot it is outside is
like 25 degrees or 24 degrees or
something like that I think it's really
good
here it is again in this kind of warm
be good and by the way this kind of
color on my lips is from the lip like a
tint the do one that's just like the
leftover color so this is my face it's
almost 10:00 p.m. my makeup has been on
since about 2:00 so that's about 8 hours
and it started to do that really gross
thing around my nose I'm not sure what
it's called what when that happens but I
have actually brushed my teeth so I did
kind of around here a little bit I also
blew my nose and I've eaten and I've
played with Hannah
I've tried putting her to sleep so my
face has been on a pillow and everything
so this is what it looks like after I
need to take it off though because I
really just want to cleanse my face and
get into bed
and I can't wait any longer for you guys
it's ten o'clock and so this is it I
hope me keeping her on has helped you
guys because normally I would just take
it off straight after I filmed the video
