hi guys okay so today's video I'm
bringing you a maternity haul yay I've
been shopping a lot recently and you
guys now know them bring their blah blah
all that so obviously I've been looking
for things that are going to be of
benefit to my ever-changing figure not
all of the items I bought are like
strictly maternity clothes in fact the
majority of them aren't actually
maternity clothes
but they've been bought with a pregnant
kind of body my pregnant body in mind so
I've got things from H&M Zara ok H&M
Zara ok H&M Zara and a bit of Mothercare
I think that's all I have so I'm just
gonna jump straight into it because I've
bought a lot of things and I want to try
and get through it all with you ok the
first piece of clothing is this pink
shirt pink pinstripe shirt I'm
completely loving stripes at the minute
my mom bought me this one fade from Zara
especially like for like pregnant ladies
because it's such a like classic look
you know when you wear like a shirt with
like boyfriend jeans or chinos it's just
so like classic and so really laid back
I feel is really trendy mummy kind of
style I bought that in a size 12 it's
not like a figure hugging shirt or
anything it doesn't have any structure
to it it's kind of just like this one it
just sort of goes on then if you want to
create any shape you can do it yourself
with a belt or with certain poses for
photos okay next up from H&M we also
have this white tunic v-neck one and
it's long covers the behind
three-quarter let's leave that lovely :
sleeves and basically it's just super
handy for layering I'm a big fan of
layering it has a split on the side
which means it's looser and there's a
bit of give for the bump basically hold
that also in a size 12 and then from H
now we've got this top and this I
absolutely love it i also bought in
another color and this one's in grey
obviously what I love about it is
obviously the pleats and the ruffles
completely disguises the bump like I can
wear with trousers because the tops kind
of like sticky-outy anyway it doesn't
look like
have a baby bump it just looks like I'm
wearing a cool shaped top so it's super
comfortable and it's like a sweater
fabric so is it's great basically and I
also went to bought it in this color and
this is the neoprene fabric I think more
of an evening version I guess because
it's that dark purple and it's got a
slight sheen to it by the way all these
items so far are all sale items so
cheapest chips all of them next stilt
from a chair is one of my maternity
pieces and I already posted a picture
wearing this the other day on my
Instagram if you follow me and this is a
pair of H&M mama joggers and they are
flared this is the area that your bump
goes in I don't understand why I didn't
go for maternity clothes earlier because
they are so unbelievably comfortable you
have no idea your bump to still look
like a nice round bump when you sit down
rather than have weight folds in it
because the trousers don't dig in when
you sit down really love next also from
H&M are these palazzo pants I bought
these in a size 12 because the waste is
elasticated so I mean these would last
me for the whole of my pregnancy most
likely because I can wear them either
over my bump or underneath my bump if I
want to wear heels I'd wear them under
my buckle if I don't want to wear heels
I wear them sort of Midway when I get
really big I guess they'll go all the
way over my bump super comfortable
pockets perfect for someone I love the
color as well all these on my mom's
graduation actually with just a black
blazer and I got a similar pair again
from H&M
also elasticated waist I got these ones
in a size 14 because it didn't have a 12
left so they are a bit big and I kind of
have to wear them over my bump otherwise
I have to wear heels like I'm planning
on wearing these with the white tunic
from H&M really laid-back summer look
especially when I saw getting really
huge and I can just wear flat sandals
with it very minimal and effortless kind
of looks is what I've been trying to go
for then from H&M we have this skirt
ended up buying two very similar skirts
from H&M and this is the one I least
prefer I'm keeping anyway because of
7-pound in the sale and I can wear it
around the house you know when I have
visited family and friends I can wear
this kind of thing around the house it's
a size medium it's quite big and it's
actually too big for me and my bump so
but they didn't have any
or left when it gets a little bit colder
I can imagine me wearing this with like
and boots underneath and a jumper maybe
so we'll see how that goes here's the
other version of the skirt also from H&M
it's the same idea
it's a much thinner Jersey so I thought
this one would be good to wear nowadays
in the summer time I bought maternity
leggings from a source as well actually
to go with this skirt which you'll see
in a minute
also from a chair this really long
charcoal kind of t-shirt or flared at
the bottom a really funny cut that would
also be handy around the house or for
layering you know with like leather
jacket on the top or just a shirt open
and jeans and it's really loose
basically and stretchy so I'm also
picking items that hopefully are going
to be suitable for me to wear after and
then I have this top which I wore with
the leggings the other day in my
Instagram post as well and this is from
the mana range on hmm it's just a nice
Jersey top and it's tight on the chest
area and then it has like a semicircle
cut over here which gives you a lot of
space for your bump there is a wasp in
my room great
where's chaplain when you need him next
we have basically my favorite item from
H&M and these are these three quarter
length Jersey trousers then sell alone
then a little white cup and completely
elasticated waist I also originally put
bought these in a large but they
literally fell off me so I got them in a
medium and I can either wear them under
my bump or over my bump as well which is
good I'm planning on wearing them under
my bump with this top that I picked up
from boohoo black halterneck
and I was imagining this look before I
went out and bought it so I went out and
searched for this look so once I found
the trials in H&M I needed the black
halterneck that has a lot of room for
any month bump so I'm telling away this
with the trousers and then also with
this denim jacket I picked up from a
sauce the ASOS tall section is your
classic kind of wardrobe staple like
everybody just
as but I did it I thought I'd wear this
denim jacket with the booboo halter neck
and the black three-quarter length
charges and then just like sandals
really daebak this fits really nicely on
me and then the halter neck gives me
good space at the bump and then the
trousers are just super comfortable
since there you go also from a sauce I
picked maternity leggings Lac pair of
maternity leggings and a great pair of
maternity leggings they came in a pack
of two for like 12 pounds or something
and I really think anybody who's into
leggings should just get might empty
ones because the quality is way better
than any other leggings like the stretch
is so good they're not see-through when
you bend your knee they're super
comfortable they don't make weird lines
around your knee I feel like all legging
makers should follow maternity legging
guidelines if you know what I mean the
last thing I bought from HSN is this
pair of sandals super comfortable super
cheap and pretty much go with everything
I'm just Laura picked up this gorgeous
jacket and I got in a size medium and it
was on sale for 30 pounds I was gonna
wear it fade but I didn't really do
anything special fade but if I do
anything special for the rest of the
week I might wear it or I just I'll just
probably wear it whenever but I really
love this jacket I love their detailed
prints and that cool feel and it's got
such a nice structure to it but it's
still really cool for the summer which
is great because I get really hot in
blazes especially really tight things on
my arms cool calm and collected jacket
from Zara then I picked up this maxi
dress from Zara which you guys saw very
very briefly in one of my niece's
Ramadan vlogs so I thought I saw like a
big spider but I'm delay wasn't it's
like a halter neck dress the best
comment you could ask for in a jersey
fabric and it's completely flawless but
the only thing is there are splits on
either side so I kind of have to wear it
as a layering piece on top of towers
it's a really versatile piece and that
you can use for so many things it's
super super handy and this was on sale
in Zara for 20 pounds and then from Zara
I also picked up this jumpsuit I barely
have any jump shoes or so ever I picked
this one up is the same colors the maxi
dress and it's Palazzo trousers but
they're sort of not to long so they
don't drive on the floor and I'm kind of
into that look right now and I just
really like the halter neck because it's
gonna give me a nice polo neck to work
with like tight everywhere but then it's
got this nice sort of like extra piece
of fabric on the front for coverage and
I just thought that was perfect for a
baby bump so there you go finally from
Zara I bought a pair of shoes in sale
squeaky shoes they really like the
yellow in these shoes basically I've
always been a fan of pointy shoes always
and I will never stop being a fan I
think they're on sale for like 12 pounds
or something now on to things I bought
from Mothercare that are specifically
for pregnant women so I'm going to start
off with these pregnancy belts I bought
a pack of two so one is black what is
white basically about what happens it
just looks like knickers they're this
section here stretches over your bump it
just gives you some nice back support
really nice rounded bump as well so I
guess it's good for like underneath maxi
dresses and things where you don't have
that much support underneath anyway I
bought this post pregnancy vest because
I'm already thinking about when I need
to start bringing my stomach back down
to normal size and I know it's going to
be really difficult to do that so for
the time where I'm trying to get it back
to regular size obviously I'm gonna need
a bit of support for my stomach in my
clothes cuz otherwise just be really
wobbly I'm guessing I don't know so I
thought I'd wear like this kind of
pregnancy post pregnancy support vest it
should like really stiff for underneath
my clothes just to make it a bit firm
underneath thereof then just let it all
hang out after after I've given birth
but if I even bloody go out because most
likely gonna be stuck in house with a
baby and being really depressed about
post pregnancy figure so we'll see about
that and then I bought the most amazing
invention on this planet the belly belts
there are four belts that arrive
although I have been looking at
maternity clothes
I haven't actually bought any maternity
trousers other than those leggings I
haven't bought any maternity jeans or
maternity like proper trousers and thank
God I didn't because then I found this
belly belt and it's like four belts that
come in different sizes and different
fastenings or buttons or these hook
things you know come
with a black kind of like fabric with a
loophole to put the belt through comes
with a navy one as well and it comes
with a white one as well what you do is
you put your chosen belts belt size belt
fastening whatever into your piece of
fabric if you want to and you attach
your chosen belt
um onto your existing jeans or existing
trousers to widen the waistline so
essentially I don't ever need to buy
pregnancy trousers I can just wear all
of my current trousers but just make the
waist a little bit bigger which I need
to start doing because some of the
fastening on my trousers getting really
tight and uncomfortable now so so if
I've been using the smallest one let you
just hook this button on to my
buttonhole on my trousers and i hook my
trouser but it into this hole and and it
just gives me this extra extra space
basically greats invention like I'm not
I was really worried about what jeans
I'm gonna wearing stuff I don't really
worry about I just buy regular jeans I
can wear after pregnancy and just use
that that's everything I've bought so
far I'm trying not to buy too much but
it's really difficult I'm yet to buy any
baby stuff whatsoever but I'm sure I
will do a haul when I do start buying
baby stuff
I hope you enjoyed this haul thanks for
watching until next time bye
