hi guys okay so today's video I'm going
to do the tutorial that I asked you guys
if you wanted to see and you guys all
came back and said yes do you know we
want to see it so basically yeah I mean
I'm just going to get straight into it
hopefully it's helpful for you guys and
that's about it really okay okay guys so
the first thing you can do is you're
gonna have your base ready so I've told
you guys before I basically have my hair
up in a half ponytail
around this level of my head half pony
and then wrapped around my half ponytail
I have something a little bit like this
scrunchie and but it's a little bit
smaller than this one or and something
like this which is one of the as a spaz
scrunchie I think I got this from Al
Madina Jeb's but it was literally years
ago so I have no idea if they still do
these alternatively you can wrap a small
scarf around your bar and you can make
one of these using fabric and some
elastic you know there's loads of things
you can do and then I just have a black
bandana covering the whole tone okay the
first thing you do is grab the scarf
that you want to wear I'm going to be
using this plain brown one which you can
get from anywhere long pashmina style
and it's already doubled over I'm going
to keep it doubled over and all I'm
going to do is place one side on my head
like this I'm going to bring it around
little so there's this much length
difference can you see it's not halfway
by it's almost then all I'm going to do
remember this is doubled is I'm going to
adjust it around my first like this so
this side I've got both layers of the
scarf pinched and this side I only have
one layer of the scarf pinched if you
can see and all I'm gonna do is pin that
here using a small safety pin you can
use a no snag scarf pin you can you
cancel those things you can use I just
use a safety pin and it ruins all my
scarves but I do it anyway so adjust it
how you like it and everything with the
second layer that you've kind of
loosened over here you can kind of like
bring it back you can think it to the
side you can bring it to this side more
if you want there's a lot of things you
can do but I'm just showing you the base
and then you can do whatever the hell
you
and then with this side all you can do
is you're going to make you all nice and
skinny and I'm going to bring it
underneath this really tight around my
neck just wrap it around like so when
you get to about here I'm going to tuck
it underneath and then using a safety
pin I'm going to pin it in place from
underneath so that the safety pin is
never visible and as you can see safety
pin is never visible then all I'm going
to do is simply grab this side you can
have it like this
or you can bring this section to the
outside you're just going to drape it
over this shoulder like so I like to pin
the top over here with a little pin this
is the basic idea I'm just going to show
you what it looks like from the side and
the back as well go to the other side
and this is the back sometimes I also
like to unpin this then I just pin them
to the sides to give myself a bit of
breathing space or to wear earrings
let's say so it would look like this you
have a bit of neck breathability and
then you just pin the sides and you
could wear earrings then alternatively
what you can also do instead of doubling
over these sections you can have it on
the other side where it would be one
thicker fabric rather than two I like to
do the two because it gives you the
option to have a bit of flowing going on
let me know if you enjoyed this and if
you are going to try it
inshallah you will and it is beneficial
for you anyway I'll see you on my next
video I've got so many plan for you guys
and shuttler just give me time thanks
for watching out the next time bye
