okay where's me pillow get a red one add
some color in lovely right hi guys I'm
back with another I'm just back to my hi
guys I've decided I don't care every
time I start a video I go hi guys I'm
just compressing I'm compressing I'm
holding it in when really I just want to
go hi guys I'm back with another video
and then once I've done that then I'll
just talk regular so I've tested it now
I did the mellow hi guys and everyone
was like literally everyone was like oh
no bring back loud hi guys 100% now I'm
gonna get comments going you know such
so annoying with a hi guys
you can't win just go get a five guys no
today's video I'm doing my first
pregnancy update video since my
pregnancy announcement video and
tomorrow I am officially 28 weeks
pregnant which will be today when you're
watching it because I'm uploading it on
the exact day and 28 weeks pregnant is
basically the third trimester that's
what they say anyway which is about
seven months I think I thought I'll do
an update because there's been a few
changes and one of them is their own
more out of breath like Adina has never
been out of breath before in her life
and it's it if you watch my vlog channel
you'll see how out of breath I am from
just driving for example literally I was
driving the other day and I parked and I
I went to vlog and I was like it's
terrible really is I actually asked you
guys to ask me questions on my Instagram
via or via direct message so I've got a
few ear from lovely people lovely lovely
people and we'll just go through a few
because I'm sure you know all these
questions will cover everything but I
wanted to kind of talk about anyway
whereas any coffee now well one of the
questions is are you allowed coffee
during pregnancy and the answer to that
is no no I'm joking you are allowed
coffee during pregnancy but obviously
it's limited kinda member exactly how
much but it amounts to approximately two
cups a day but that's two cups of coffee
a day if you're not gonna have chocolate
or fizzy drinks or tea or anything else
that has
Fein in it so I have one cup of coffee a
day sometimes two and then if I remember
and have chocolate so yeah
is this skimmed milk what's this did you
put me some of your vegan in there what
is this why does it taste really worried
this is great it's just a flat white yes
that's not a regular flat why is it feel
about over mine no it's the I'm not how
many scanners have you had and is it a
girl or a boy I've had two scans which
is just like the the regular kind of
scans that they offer you with Hannah I
actually had about four scams then I
said remember because they were really
worried about her growth because my
stomach was so bloody tiny but they
don't have that worried this time around
cuz my stomach has just gone whoo how do
you keep yourself so energetic
throughout the day being a mum to a
toddler me and said both work from home
or anywhere we want really he's also
running around with her all day I have
been going through really good bursts of
energy for example today I feel alright
even though I gotta put like five thirty
and then after that I'll pretty much
just crash there will be one day where
I'm just so lethargic the whole day and
I will do nothing but chill on the sofa
and might even chill on the sofa
I'll be sitting having my breakfast and
then once I've eaten I'll just be asleep
and the next thing I know I've woken up
and it's four hours later and the whole
days gone and when that happens it
really annoys me because I wasn't
prepared for it and in my head when I
wasted day I could have got this and
this done it just just annoys me I'd
rather the rest is prepared but you
can't really prepare rest when you're
pregnant or when you have a kid really
because the insomnia is also crazy to be
honest with you
somebody just sent me a message saying
sort your hubby's hair out I did sort it
out I'm the one who cut it it's sorted
me it's Heidi now our daughters are two
days apart and one of the things I
struggled with as a first-time mum where
the mistakes that first-time mums make
for example not introducing the bottle
soon enough and allowing her to fall
asleep on the breast which then meant
that the
became a form of sleep association is
there anything you would do differently
with the second baby having learned from
the mistakes that you made the mistakes
that you made the first time around well
that's funny that your experience was
that because that was exactly my
experience hannah was breastfed
exclusively for a whole year I think is
about 1415 months and that wasn't really
because I wanted to I mean it's great
that I ended up doing that but it was
more because she refused to have formula
and she refused to have she even refused
to have breast milk from a bottle she
was pretty much stuck on my boob for the
first 15 months of her life which was
lovely but also helped because basically
when Hannah came around I had in my head
like oh I'm not gonna give a formula I'm
gonna be breastfeeding because it's the
best thing for them and all this stuff
so I refused to even introduce a bottle
to her even with breast milk in it
because I was like it's gonna cause
confusion and stuff and by the way if
any of you guys know pumping your breast
milk into a bottle is the hardest thing
to do ever way harder than just having
your baby on your boob drinking the milk
pumping it and producing enough milk
from just pumping it's so much more
difficult and you literally if you feel
like a cow breastfeeding you feel like a
popper cow when you're pumping you've
got this machine on you go and then
after like half an hour weighs like that
much milk and I'm like is that all
Hannah's having in half an hour it can't
be because she's satisfied when she
comes off my boob but when I give her
this breast milk in a bottles she's just
she's not interested in it basically
this time round I really want to
introduce a bottle straight away so that
I can mix feed my plan is inshallah to
mix feed to breastfeed as well as offer
formula in a bottle because
realistically if I'm gonna be able to
manage with two kids and working I need
to be able to be out and about and
sometimes just have Hannah with me and
said maybe has the other baby with him I
need to be able to have those options so
this baby insha'Allah needs to be able
to have formula as well as breast milk
that is the plan I have no idea how it's
gonna go I'm gonna be honest with you
but I'll keep you updated obviously
question how do you look so thin 28
weeks pregnant no wonder you've been
able to hide it how was it traveling to
Egypt with a toddler and pregnant okay I
don't look so thin
28 weeks pregnant I just take very smart
pictures I'll show you my bump now
actually I guess it's relevant it also
really depends on what you wear as well
I think well there it is guys that's the
bump and that's not even at its biggest
at nighttime it gets you manga doesn't
it sit suddenly you look at me you're
like oh my god I did not look that big
on camera I swear to you is you it's
such a mission just moving like that to
show you whom I bump right now the size
that is is the size that I was when I
was basically about to give birth to
Hannah now I understand when people say
oh well pregnancy so difficult and they
talk about all the aches and pains and
just all this mad stuff because this
time around I can really feel it already
at 28 weeks pregnant I already am
waddling like a penguin and I can't get
to sleep at night I have to sleep in a
certain position at night and still I
can't get the back pain away the back
pain is guys I have this constant 24/7
dull ache in my lower back that won't go
away especially at night and it does my
head in and also I've noticed with this
baby the kicking is in a very different
place I mean it's in many places but
sometimes it literally feels like I'm
being kicked in my vagina it's not those
nice kicks that you feel really like ah
one that catches you off-guard and it
takes your breath away you go whoo and
then you feel like you're gonna pee but
then you're good to pee and it's
literally just a trickle this is so TMI
bear that I don't care okay oh no give
me baby wipe please i spilt on the
cushion traveling with a toddler is very
difficult traveling with a toddler when
you're pregnant is so hard especially
when you've got morning sickness and
stuff because you just you don't want to
do anything anyway but I went with my
mom and my sister and then Sid and Yusuf
joined us later in the second week so I
wasn't you know gonna go travelling on
my own with
and being pregnant cuz that's not
holiday anyway so it's okay because
obviously had there's a help it's very
difficult I wouldn't recommend it
although me and Sid are planning a
holiday with her very soon but obviously
because we have to do a holiday for
Hannah so she has all the attention on
herself before the baby comes and we
need to try and do it before Ramadan
comes because when Ramadan comes how are
we supposed on holiday in Ramadan so how
long did you wait to tell friends and
family you were pregnant during both
pregnancies after SID who was the first
person you told for both pregnancies we
waited till for the 12 weeks mark which
is like standard for everyone really
after you have your first scan so with
Hannah I think I told everyone like the
day after the 12-week scan with Hannah
because I took my 12-week scan on time
but this time around with this baby
because we were moving and stuff I
actually didn't see a midwife for the
first time I hadn't I hadn't seen anyone
I hadn't even told the doctor that was
pregnant until I was about 16 weeks it
turned out and so I ended up not having
my first can until I was 17 weeks so I
actually found out the gender of the
baby on my first scan rather than the
second scan like you do traditionally so
the second baby we waited until I was
basically about 18 weeks it turned out
to be but that was purely because I
actually hadn't even been to a Midwife
yet obviously I told my mom straight
after SID so Sid Sid knew first with
both penguin sees because he was there
with the pregnancy test and then I tell
my mum pretty much like the next time I
saw her obviously that would just gone
to my sister and then my brothers and
then my dad pretty much but also you
know what the difference is right with
your first pregnancy when you tell
everyone is and you're like aw keep it a
secret yeah keep it a secret until we're
ready to tell people they don't like
yeah yeah okay but with the second one
you don't care so much about it being a
secret because it's not as exciting for
everyone it's it's not it's exciting
obviously don't worry we're excited but
it's not as exciting because it's kind
of like oh okay well yeah you're
supposed to have another one now on your
saying get to it do you feel tired and
exhausted and out of breath and sleepy
all the time yes also any experience
with low-lying placenta what the hell is
that what is the low-lying percenter oh
I need to google that I don't even know
what that is
hold on I just read it and it's like
more likely for c-section and stuff I
didn't have that with the first
pregnancy no but I know of no one
I did anyway and no one's told me I have
so far for this one so I haven't had
experience with that but I am tired I'm
exhausted a lot more than I was with
Hannah that's for sure
how old is Hannah and did you plan for
baby number two or was it a surprise
Hannah is two and a half exactly in
about a week so by the time the next
baby comes she'll be four months away
from three baby number two was planned
more planning than Hannah actually
because Hannah wasn't really planned but
like we didn't mind if we got pregnant
so we just stopped using contraception I
spoke about this slightly in my
pregnancy update video it's still always
a surprise though even if you're trying
it so it's still always a long what are
your birth planned so far what are you
going to do with Hannah when you go into
labor so I don't really have a birth
plan and I didn't really have one with
Hannah well my best family with Hannah
was I want a epidural you better make
sure I get up at all because I don't
want to feel things I never got one in
the end cuz everything happened too
quickly so I don't really have a birth
plan other than I want to give birth in
the Midwife LED unit and hopefully I can
and hopefully everything's okay I follow
some like birth Instagram accounts home
birth one some people do home births and
they have like their toddler in the
birthing pool with them I've never heard
of anyone taking their toddler to the
hospital because how you gonna entertain
them when you're in labor and so kinda
we'll just stay with my mom until she's
ready to me a sibling inshallah do you
have any weird cravings or crave to
smell things I had the crave to smell
Dettol and washed wet clothes so weird I
know that is weird
Ruksana 0e I don't really have weird
cravings do I said I don't say
anything's weird it's just like give me
everything yes I'm getting more and more
random cravings that's for sure and if
you go on my Twitter I've been sharing
that look for example plain old birthday
cake craving this morning that as soon
as I woke up I just thought I want
birthday cake no and I never ended up
getting it which is so sad there are
certain things that make me a bit sick
oh Sid made me so sick in my first
trimester Sid just made me like puke so
much man it's mad that isn't it the
that you love and that gave you this
baby makes you sick as soon as you get
it it's nothing personal love not
personal love so somebody's asking about
the differences between this pregnancy
compared to the first pregnancy so I'll
just run through them really quickly I'm
Way bigger this time round like stomach
wise I'm waddling already I'm not as
active because I'm just finding it too
difficult or I'm active in other ways I
think the reason is because I'm active
in other ways one of the other ways is
looking after Hanna where's the first
time around I'd be like yeah I'm working
out during this pregnancy but bitch you
don't have a two-year-old to tend to
also the second time around
no one cares as much I think that's the
same for everyone on the second break
see also this time around it's flown by
ridiculously I don't know why it's gone
by so quickly by glitch you got like
just over two months to go so my plan
now is inshallah to get a family holiday
in come back it's gonna be Ramadan then
it will be and during Ramadan Eid and
those last few weeks then want to spend
those eight to ten weeks getting the
house ready for the baby because there's
a few changes I need to make somebody
also asked when you show us how you're
doing up the nursery will you even have
a nursery this time around I'm not
having a nursery because last time
around I got a room in the house for
Hannah as a nursery and it was the
biggest waste of space on the planet she
didn't even set set a tiny toe inside
neither did I so it was a waste of time
and energy and decoration and everything
she'd never sleep in the room bro she
ended up sleeping on my chest and then
sleeping in her snug pod next to my bed
and then when she got a bit bigger she
slept in the bed with me until she was
like 1 and when she was 1 we bought her
a cot which went in our room anyway in
the last house we were in in London and
this house does she have her own room so
I'm not having a nursery because this
baby's probably gonna be in my room for
the first year of its life and then
after that it will either bunk in with
Hannah or it will take SIDS office as a
bedroom what's it like being pregnant
like how different is it
compared to not being pregnant that he
got a baby growing inside love that's
the bloody difference how are you going
to let Hanna handle not being the center
of attention anymore she's just gonna
have to deal with it really is it he
when she meets her sibling in short law
we would have pre bought a present and
wrapped it up part of my hospital bag
I'm gonna bring this present that I've
wrapped up for Hanna first time she
meets her sibling I can say Hanna this
is what your baby
bla bla bla well you they put your
present isn't that nice she can just
love them straight away yes yes we need
to involve her that's a good one yes we
want to involve her in taking care of
the new boarder a lot so she's still
getting attention and she's still having
fun and doing activities it's just a
different activity she's now but the
role of the older sister it's such an
important role with so much
responsibility that she needs to take on
board you know that's what we do we'll
we'll make a feel empowered about it
it's what are some body changes you're
experiencing this time around that are
different from your first pregnancy well
like I said earlier my stomach is
growing or way more also my hips and
thighs are growing way more as well
that's probably because they already
grew in the first pregnancy and now
they're just gonna continue every
pregnancy they'll just get bigger also
guys my boobs man look like my lights
hold on we'll leave it at wow you know
what it's depressing cuz I'm not a
person who likes having those attached
to me I really don't like it I know
they're just gonna get even bigger when
I breastfeed
which is really what I just keep telling
myself you know what dinner it's
temporary because I remember when I
stopped breastfeeding with Hanna
it took about six to seven months maybe
even close to a year for my boobs to
actually shrink not even go back to the
size they were before cuz I would never
happen but just to shrink and I felt
like myself again and then a few months
later I decided to get pregnant and do
all over again when you were expecting
Hannah you cared a lot about how much
you ate are you doing the same this time
I did care more about Wyatt because it
was my first pregnancy and I was
googling
a lot and I had my apps on my phone and
I was I had time to look through that
kind of thing this time around not so
much but the good thing is I've gone off
crisps in this pregnancy because they
made me sick in my first trimester
I can eat a pack of crisps but like they
give me a weird vibe after it so I'm not
into crisps whereas before I could have
like 10 packs of crisps I just eat like
a regular person I'm not like a proper
healthy person but I enjoy fruit
I enjoy home-cooked meals I enjoy
takeaways I enjoy pizza actually we
should have pizza today now that that's
in my head I hold pizza now imagine just
a big slice can you talk about the
psycho changes during pregnancy so if
you mean your mental state health and
emotional state during pregnancy I think
it does change although I feel like it's
a gradual change but maybe for others
around me it's not said want to come in
on me when I'm pregnant and when I've
just given birth and in the baby's first
year of life I'm very emotional and very
sensitive and also quite more paranoid
than I am normally and a lot of people
don't understand my reasons for doing
things and that my baby my way then I
have a my baby my way I know what's best
for my baby as a mom you feel like you
know what's best for baby but also at
the same time you feel like if you've
made a certain decision about your baby
and other people are like not
understanding it the last thing you want
to do is have to explain it to everyone
it's just like this is a decision don't
question it leave me to it don't make
life harder than it already is this is
my baby let me have this decision and
just respect it boom finished can feel
the tightness in my chest now I get so
like oh I've had days where I just feel
really sorry for myself and I just cry
it doesn't even know that I cry I just
cry because I feel sorry about feel
sorry for myself I'm like no one cares
mmm but then people can have that anyway
whether the payment or not and sometimes
I get really needy with Hannah I'm like
Hannah are you my best friend Hannah
give me a cuddle
they're like mama have a cuddle and
Hannah gives the best cut obviously your
kid gives you the best cuddles ever
there'll be a change in your personality
as just a person you will grow because
you're learning so much and because you
turn into a mother even though I'm
already a mom to Hannah I'm gonna now
mature into a mother of two so I think I
changed a lot when I had Hannah but I
think I'm gonna change even more when I
become a mother of two definitely you
know obviously I'll keep you guys
updated good luck to anybody else who's
pregnant I hope your pregnancy is going
well good luck to anybody who's trying
to get pregnant I will keep you in my
prayers should we ask you some questions
about how you're feeling about being a
dad again now he's not in the mood I
hope you enjoyed this update and I will
see you on my next video in the meantime
you can head on over to my vlog channel
d-detective vlogs link in the
description to watch me during the week
oh by the way I didn't tell you but I
wake up about four times in the night to
pee four times in a five-hour sleep
imagine that me not good
