so I look bad okay okay
hi Guys hi Guys hi guys
that's mellow enough I think I'm back
with another video and I for some reason
like to dress up as a fortune-teller I
like get dress I'm like yeah and then I
look in the mirror and I'm like half a
minute
this is fortune-teller wipes so yeah
today's video basically right where I
keep all my beauty stuff I have this one
specific drawer that is filled with
stuff that I purchase really randomly
off of Instagram or offer weird adverts
I see YouTube ads or Instagram ads or
sometimes even Facebook ad versus random
adverse of really random beauty products
and some of these things here I have had
for over a year and I had bought them
with the intention of doing a video but
never got around to it first thing is to
do with my eyebrows a lot of you guys
know already that I actually bleached my
eyebrows to make them slightly lighter
because they are actually quite dark but
they're not full which leaves them
looking quite grey they look great now
because I haven't actually bleached them
in about two months I'm due to bleach
them again but I thought let me just do
this before that so that I don't I don't
know why actually I could have bleached
my brows in this video but I wouldn't
make sense maybe that should be in a
whole other video by itself do you want
to see me bleach my brows it's very
simple it probably a two minute video
eyebrow tint from etude house I think
and they're called the Angry Birds tint
my brows gel from etude house edit house
is a Korean makeup brand that actually
have really great makeup products to be
honest with you apply a liberal amount
according to the desired shape of the
eyebrow then it says dry for at least
two hours for stronger coloration
applied before going to bed at night and
remove the next morning after drying
completely removed slowly starting from
the head of the eyebrow do not remove
the pack forcibly since it may pull out
the eyebrow shit I don't if I won
destroy this anymore well I'm just gonna
dry it for two hours guys I'm not drying
it overnight hell nah
anyway this is what it looks like gray
Brown app tinted my eyebrows before I've
never done a peel off so if this takes
off all my brows I'm gonna be sad okay
no it's not enough look she just plunked
it on my brows because they did say
apply a liberal amount but I don't know
if this is gonna actually do anything
you know it's really sticky guys if when
this peels off is gonna hurt doing it
0.0 I hope this doesn't come out heavy
oh this is scary I think I picked a
shade that's too dark but hopefully it's
like my hair dyes where it looks really
dark but then it comes out barely
anything I think that'll do for one
brown let's do the next one guys I'm
actually gonna give myself more of an
arch as well I'm really intellect
straighter more kind of lifted at the
top brows then this more traditional
Cape I'm not so good at actually doing
them yet takes a bit of practice to
change up the brow shape I think that
should do I think guys I'm you know just
one of my eyebrows is actually higher up
than the other one left side is lower
down than the right so like it needs to
be like this no it needs to be like this
and then my face is more even gee does
that make any sense or does that look a
bit crazy guys unless you have no idea
where I saw this I'm pretty sure it's an
Instagram advert that they're on it says
spot cleaner that's what it looks like
that's how it arrived this is the back
it's got some kind of instructions on it
normally when I buy this stuff I'm like
in bed about good sleep and I'm just
browsing see something interesting
looking I'm just like okay click let's
purchase it so that's what I did
please read this instruction manual
before usage don't know if this is gonna
work yeah Oh working oh shit turn off
turn it off so they're not stupid you
still be the one no oh oh oh no it's
just staying on in order to prevent
purple spots occurred in the face from
improper usage please observe the
following points don't last absorbing so
long time at the same place nothing yet
around the nose within one minute
forehead jaw within two minutes
don't pull vertic
or else it will be difficult for you to
pull out of the absorbing cup don't pull
strongly while you are moving the
absorbing cup where do I pull them if
you use it for your nose you've got to
use the round the round side and then
the tea shape is for forehead and jaw
and chin okay I've steamed my face
slightly basically I'm going to put the
battery in and just get to using this
and wish for the best hopefully be fine
if you notice I have left blackheads on
my nose all week so that I could try
this for you guys
okay
Oh
the suction isn't that great I'm not
gonna lie we definitely pulled some
stuff out there look about using my skin
getting something that
I'm really trying to work the end
because I've got a lot of blackhead
situation there I never come out really
close so you guys can see my nose I
don't know if you can see but basically
there's a lot of white Christmas anyway
I'm gonna stop it round to the t-shape
side and work on my forehead and jaw
there's barely any suction on that it's
just like no suction on this it's not
doing anything let's try this drawer
there's not even sucking go and put the
other side back on that I use for the
nose and try that and see if it wears on
the head and jaw oh shit yes it does
there's Marge suction they're more than
on the nose I guess got the flat surface
Oh
Oh
God is that noisy how annoying is
actually so noisy I didn't realize how
nosy is it god that must be like how you
guys feel after you turn off one of my
video and then we come back on again
rubbish litchi sharp though if I just
can't close to my skin just above my
brows can you see I don't know if it
looks like blood spots or if it's just a
bit of redness in the mirror anyway it
looks like few tiny tiny blood spots
which I don't think it's good and then
here on my chin can you see it's just
create a bit of redness and it's made a
bit of texture on my chin as well that I
didn't think was there before I don't
think I would do that on my face again
nose probably although he's actually
very noisy and I don't know if I'd
rather just see my face and squeeze my
blackheads and whiteheads out myself I
feel a little bit like I've been punched
in the face but it's fine anyway let's
go on to the next product
which hopefully is gonna be something a
little bit more soothing it's this black
bag and you open it this is exactly how
it arrived basically came in a mailing
bag a plain grey one and I opened it and
there was just literally this no plastic
wrapper no box nothing is it she does
this with that inside that's it that's
exactly how it arrived
now the advert for this was basically a
five minute facelift without using
fillers or anything like that and the
woman was kind of she had it turned on
it she was there kind of massaging her
face upwards at the bottom you just
switch around and then it starts
vibrating for this I think I'm actually
just gonna go clean my face because of
all the stuff that's just come out of it
and I'm gonna put like a nice coconut
oil or something on my face and let this
hopefully massage it into my face and
we'll see if it gives me a facelift so
this is my face before hopefully the
after will be more lifted see you in a
minute
okay guys I'm back I'm just gonna go
straight ahead and use this I don't know
what it feels like on my face or
anything but all I know is so far all
these products have been really bloody
noisy send it on its vibrating I don't
you can see the vibration movements but
it is hopefully this will be quite
therapeutic so
back and enjoy with me all right feels
so good when you get up here fish I can
give myself a little massage on my head
oh that feels great I just like rattling
where's your rattling broke let me turn
off where you rattling man relax you're
brand new I'm gonna do full jaw line as
well my thumb starting to feel numb I
don't know I do think I should go around
the eyes it didn't it doesn't say not to
because there's literally no
instructions with it but maybe I'll just
do it like that or something
whoa okay guys I feel like I've had a
really nice face massage to be honest
with you and but my thumb feels really
numb so I should have swapped hands but
ever so this is what my face looks like
after
you guys can decide if there's a
difference or not personally I have no
idea I feel like this is the kind of
product that you need to use a few times
a week over a few months to notice the
difference perhaps I actually quite like
the feeling of it and it's a little bit
like when you go for like a nice facial
or a nice massage which is good for the
skin so maybe if you use products with
it a video I advise all for it it claim
to basically to give you a facelift
which would mean hopefully more of a
jawline and all that stuff so I feel
like it would help with that you know
people tell you to moisturize upwards
and do all that kind of thing and if you
look at like face massage techniques a
lot of it is you know all this right
next we have a glam glow gravity mud
firming treatment mask it kind of went
around Instagram and loads of bloggers
for ages a while back so I've had like
really amazing reviews but then I've
also heard reviews of people who I have
had horrible reactions to it shake a
squeeze to mix before use apply a
generous even layer to clean skin
avoiding eyebrows and hairline leave on
for 20 to 30 minutes once completely dry
gently peel off nice packaging let's be
honest with you right so shake and
squeeze by the time I've used all these
products is probably gonna be time to
peel off the eyebrows which is about two
hours Wow two hours to film this video
so what till the end to see the eyebrow
results or to see if I even have any
eyebrows haha nice bright blue color I
should really maybe use a brush to apply
this book wherever always metallic oh
it's literally like shiny blue how
pretty look at that
no wonder instagramers are loving it
because it looks good on camera make all
guys it smells like Coke and it smells
like a nice biscuit
you know nice biscuits like ni c e like
a nice biscuit i think i'm gonna pretty
much end up using this whole tube
because it is basically a sample size i
think i'm not sure i can't stress enough
how much i like that smell guys to be
fair loving that smell mate i think
that's pretty much all of me covered
while we wait for that to chill on my
face i just wash my fingers and we will
try the next product this is the
scariest one for me ever it's something
called
spin lash and it's basically a mascara
that has gentle motion of the rotating
brush and there's a free mascara
included so this over here is the
mascara and this is the electric kind of
wand so you would put this in there as a
mascara or you can put it into your
regular mascara and turn it on and apply
it oh why does anyone need packaging
that's so lethal this like it just cut
my finger why does anyone need that I
said before and that's the after so it
claims to do some decent mascara work
when clearly in the after she's wearing
false lashes remove and dispose of
temporary cap by twisting to unlock on
the mascara where's the actual mascara
bruh positions finish and press the
appropriate arrow to coat lashes upwards
from base to tip there's no need to put
a battery in it says on the package that
batteries included but they're not this
is how the wand looks by the way
actually looks like a decent brush to be
honest with you and it's very light
thing no guys I don't think I'm gonna be
able to get this to work which is gonna
be really annoying because it costs
about twenty eight quid can I just say
oh so this bit says it's the free
mascara but you could just take apart
there's literally nothing inside for it
to be a free mascara look good like
always we must Carla oh oh I don't you
could get it to work but there's still
no mascara will you grab me a mascara
from - oh shit guys look at this when I
press the button it goes around oh it
depends
oh is that know is it's going around
really slowly it sounds like it's going
fast but it's going around super slow
okay why does it look faster on camera
but really slow in my so give me in one
of evolution things right I am gonna
take benefit they're real mascara and
dip that in there okay it doesn't go in
deep enough to get a decent amount but I
can keep kind of building it up I've
gotten really close right I'm Mouse not
working oh I need to twist it any
okay so I'm really close for you guys oh
it's not working now what is this pile
of shit actually pile of shit don't buy
this spin lashes up I'm shit I might as
well peel off this mask while we try and
fix pin lash shit oh god how am I even
gonna peel this off or do I not try
second off later but they didn't give me
enough in the tube what is oh by the way
I didn't really tell you guys how the
mask was feeling as I was going on it
stung a tiny tiny bit but like not even
enough to mention that's how much it
didn't sting is it working now
oh hold on a minute then
okay he's working now so before it stops
working on a plot he that's quite fun
Hannah would love to play that that's
dirty also cause my skin shitty this
thing is like what's that it's not the
button did you just pull the button off
how is that 2728 grid what pile of crap
ripped off particles it's for video
purposes you should ever buy this oh I
hate when masks don't will come off in
one piece it annoys me just can't
believe the shittiness I think I
probably have to pay customs on it as
well
this is feeling very satisfying I must I
must admit right guys have taken the
glam glow mask off my skin feels just
like it would do in a masks to be honest
with you I don't know if it's done me
any good or anything but series managed
to fix the mascara so before it bloody
breaks again we are going to try it
let me come real close that's going to
watching no it's not okay hold on let me
do it Oh Oh God
I don't think you're supposed to movie
you're supposed to put it at the base
and let it just brush through your
lashes it's really tugging got my can
you see how it's tugging and actually
goes through it what a long-winded
process it's a bit messy but it's not
actually bad Syd I mean I wouldn't buy
it I would I like I mean I bought it but
like I wasn't you wouldn't I wouldn't
don't buy it
definitely don't spend your money on it
but it actually kind of works I mean
it's still clumpy it's not like the
picture that they said but I really just
want to go like this it feels a bit
weird
because I can't poked in the eye a
little bit cuz it tugs can you see my
look eyelid tugging mascara just
flicking everywhere basically it's
definitely not worth it and wow I've
coated this eye with as much mascara as
I would and although it's not like the
picture it has applied mascara onto my
lashes successfully messily but like as
lashes there it just worked like an any
other mascara and now she hasn't taken
that long so I'm actually gonna test
this on the other right because I really
just want to actually this I actually
has way less lashes on it by the way so
might not work as much but okay this one
is failing so miserably though yeah I'll
just stop there shall i okay where's the
lid for this pile of crap that's why
even a lid for it
that's where the mascara is supposed to
be that isn't there so you don't have to
wash this every time because there's
actually the lid so I'm good just wash
that so doesn't stain anything
okay that was clearly a fail I also
found this which everybody knows is the
lip plumping thing that was so hyped
ages and ages ago I'm a bit confused by
it to be honest with you because the
picture of the lips is that way so
technically wouldn't that mean you would
put it on like this I'm sucking lips in
so I'm gonna give that a go but when I
tried earlier I couldn't even get it in
that way but I could get in this way so
I was like okay when I film I'll do it
that way but let's try again I can't get
any suction that way so I'm gonna do it
this way okay it stings a bit and then
you get panicky and then you want to
take it off quickly but you don't have
to take off quickly but to take it off
quickly just blow into it and it pretty
much releases where's my mirror have I
bruised I look like I've bruised you
know haven't really read okay my lips
definitely definitely look plump I think
look the bottom lip looks really plump
well done' Fiskars just read under here
but yeah no that's definitely worked
yeah when I'm talking look at my bottom
lip
blow-up it's really bleep no that's
really work Wow
I quite like that comment where I got it
from but that's work
okay so let's finally take off these
brows okay I'm a bit scared about it
there was a warning that said that your
brows could come off but it's been about
two hours now so I'm taking off because
I really don't want to be dark and I
really don't want my eyebrows to come
off so I'm just gonna stop oh no it's
really tinted them said I didn't think
it was gonna work it really didn't it
it's tinted them I need to go out
tomorrow and the next
mom's birthday no I don't want dog brows
right now but they really match my hair
actually hold on a minute am I like this
if I just may be applied to even better
recipe all right like I would wake up
with shake eyebrows every day Wow I'm
gonna have to redo that but by the way
it does not hurt coming off it's not
hanging that one's painful
so my eyebrows came off with that it's
fine it's fine this is the brow results
and not good I don't think well I can
see how it could look good if it wasn't
the consistency that mine was which was
probably consoled and it was applied
really like I mean like really evenly
and like maybe a bit heavier on the
sides and maybe I'd peel off the sides a
bit later than the front then it could
actually work and actually you could
really be waking up every day with brows
that are done I can see how it would
work from far away this one over here
actually is not bad from far away but
this one the shape is all kind of effed
I think okay so that eyebrow thing guys
Angry Bird tint gel it really wasn't a
fail and by the way the piece some
people are really overreacting on their
videos and they're like oh it's so
painful coming off that's a bit of an
overreaction because he like really
isn't that is it I feel like I'm in a
bit of a guinea pig for this video but
it's actually been really fun so let me
know if you've come across any other
really weird kind of beauty skincare on
what even beauty skincare just weird
products let me know I'll go ahead order
it and I'll film it in another video for
you guys but that was really fun I think
I would probably do the eyebrow tint
again maybe get it in a different shade
but for now I might just try to fix
these I will probably actually use the
lip thing while I'm getting ready when
I'm doing a full face of makeup or not
even what I'm doing full face of makeup
when I'm just doing my light base and
just wearing lip gloss I can imagine
that could look really nice with this
glam glow mask is good I need another
one though because this is a tiny tiny
little tube to be honest with you guys
nothing was like a huge huge fail except
for the mascara that was a big fat fail
so I'm not gonna do anybody that again I
hope you enjoyed this video
don't forget to leave some product
suggestions below also if you want to
see more of me in the week then just
head on over to my blog channel D de
Tokyo vlogs anyway I'll see you on my
next video guys thank you for watching
till next time bye
