hi guys I'm longing with it yeah yeah
it's been a long time since me and the
Sigler wing did a little vlog of logging
so here we are doing that anyway today
basically nothing too special we're just
going we're going to the night clearance
store that we found where is it in
Dudley somewhere by Dudley and it's
going crazy over it and I got some
things for you to pass on there and so
we're going there and then we're going
to go to well hopefully if we stick to
the plan we're gonna go to west midland
safari park on the way to Cardiff so
we're gonna go there and look at some
animals and then we're gonna go Cardiff
and I'm gonna frog it all for you would
you try it no shell out we're going to
Safari
don't be rude why are we gonna do then
go watch revenge no I'm not go to the
movies when it's sunny get lost
it's not Sun anyway it is so it's nice
we're then we're going to movies at two
o'clock in the afternoon anyway
let's watch Avengers no we're watching
Khalid if at night at nighttime
let's not go so far I don't who like I
hate games at cinema in daytime it's
horrible my car less is winter anyway
wait I was gonna say something oh and
then I'm also gonna do
I haven't blogged on my blog for a look
at that little car pram how funny and I
haven't done it out a proper outfit post
on my blog for ages I'm kind of been
neglecting it so I'm gonna do I'm gonna
take out Viktor today and do a proper
blog post anyway and I'm also as well
guys I'm also faming my outfits that I
wear nowadays and that to put it all in
a nice lookbook for you like I normally
do so anyway alright I'll see you all
right bye cuz no McDonald's clothes
where's this they'll be one on the way
there hi guys okay so basically what's
happened since the last time I vlog has
been about two hours and we've gone to
the night clearing store and spent over
an hour away buying everything that's
behind us basically Sid went crazy but
actually Sid went no not for him he went
crazy for like we've been buying the
like I've been buying fussen hats and
he's been buying for his brother even
they only bought something one thing and
yeah basically just got it all the time
that unlikely rat saucer she was iolanta
this fine then we had their bill TIFF
and basically now I didn't even know if
I were
Safari I just really don't know I do
want to go but it's late it's 2 o'clock
still clock and I really need the toilet
and I'm so hungry man I really want to
Fisher fillet so shall we just drive
down to how different that see but when
are we getting McDonald Donald okay
should we go to McDonald's yeah let's go
to McDonald's wait which McDonald's
there are now a two parter yeah but then
I have to get out to go to the loo as
well in the services but that means when
we go Cardiff we're not just going home
yeah we're going out going our way
I don't know we're going out and Cardiff
are we yeah because we don't we're not
staying in the car I didn't do out there
they and have fun
God a tough guys we've arrived in
Cardiff we don't go Safari in fact all
we did was go to McDonald's and then
drive straight to a ball above so nice
it was so tired and now I'm some rapping
like a freak anyway and now has said my
chest
thank you you haven't watched test of
young posh test say you don't like your
party tester so telling people when you
kissed him good anyway none but nowadays
everything hard you are we're gonna get
we're gonna get it anyway and now we're
going to pick up to see eleusis knockout
me and uses like for wine in the car cuz
he's waiting to put the condom listen
I'm telling people what's good though
what's going on anyway and then we're
going to pick up to see who's also
coming from London and then I guess this
vlog is not going to turn into a day
vlog with me in serious girl turn into
bye guys
it's gonna turn into a card of weekend
vlog so there we go all I can see when I
can say people mushy
oh yeah
all overseas out there they call he all
the muscles out there is struggling to
find yourself yes it's not the
environment that defines yourself what
are you talking about
don't blame yourself you're about a wrap
up ditch me hey Dina I mean say I got
something to say it'll be you according
yeah should be yourself well I know some
people who don't be their selves and
they don't go anywhere in life so just
be yourself and chase your dream and
hopefully all will go well don't tell
anybody you won't do something don't
anybody tell you won't you do something
Roble ha ha ha yo Hoss did you send
something to our house something came in
the mail for you
Deez Nuts ha ha ha ha ha ha I just know
don't say that I just recently
downloaded dubsmash on my on my app my
phone doesn't and so funny man I can't
find the one that you filled with mama
you are nothing you add a P really did
peak my training day one you'll see the
almonds oh yes pretty soon on Instagram
you'll see me doing a dubsmash do you
see me yeah guys so basically um what's
happened is that I've got what is it to
see yogurt
Grande flour glamour fever
Yahoo kilogram reality y'all got granite
flour and tumeric mask on my face yoga
gram flour tumeric a bit of lime lime
and a bit of honey and a bit of honey
all up in my face and this is a face
mask that TC cough the internet and does
on her face every week so I thought I
would go let's see how I'm nicer look
great that's going on your face if you
want to get rid of it
I've got scarring on my face on the side
where Xbox and stuff yeah
hmm so I look like it I was gonna film
to see as well but anyway guys you guys
keep saying oh do let me do this is to
do a video and sister so I said this is
a let's do a video and she's like what
of what though so I was like that's a
good question so you know let us know
what you want to see from to see and
stuff and it all right Eleanor we should
do what we should do Oh
yes sir chasing it what usually record
upper body no move pattern because you
record ourselves do this on T work oh
yeah I don't do insanity okay
you made a Linda round are you happy
what's this
what is fake up yours if you's a good
football thanks for taking my pics use
see like wait stop moving you know when
you do loads of shopping and then you
buy this thing online it's like oh so
nice so nice and then you Aaron it's
like not that nice
that's this guys I haven't used the
bagger so long and I've been carrying
this around from a bag instead just keep
my my phone and my card in it and a
lipstick I really want to try and find a
bag please recommend a good bag I just
I'm so fussing with bags now you know
I'm gonna look for a bag today and look
for those blue Tina's and we look for a
waistcoat yes we just dropped use mouse
into basketball and now to see them
drive and she's so annoyed because
apparently houses left her cold really
dirty wash England yeah this is
disgusting crappy cuz half is a fat pig
and that's just cleaning a colorful
frantically because she refuses to drive
unless you clean she's cleaning it with
all photos you guys we finished the town
and literally been stuck in the car park
to get out for the whole now listen
listen because those tops goes and
everyone's trying to get out and it's
the crazy one
I'll pay for the ticket about 20 minutes
ago
they want to know a wicked yo cricket
I'm not playing cricket but when you see
me down to the course you know I hit
them threes on my splash bro yo stop
Colie face Thompson that's my flow world
world chillin I Spit buzz everyday I go
hard to spit buzzer Gauhar they got
maybe two cars yo because you Shipman
Hassan that's my name Tokyo where I
found my lamb
an in camera vlogging you put it on
YouTube and get that whole lalin Youssef
word up
come on youth mmm-hmm sitting on toilet
spittin bars going hard 24 carbs killer
man Shaq that's when you know you're
gonna get shanked has about that
that's when you don't get shiny guys you
get shocked by the guy in the shoulder
I don't have the time
- teeth the mind
to go on like this Oh like give me ditch
dish because I just killed you kill a
man time can I need a big poop
what are you gonna do where you're why
you're gonna do gonna come harder
you with I do that's what I do
TC finished what I can't value how we're
ready for that
that's how it ends everybody that's how
it ends
everybody I need a blend very bloody
yeah hello mamas make a sacrifice you
guys meters he's just looking in the
mirror I think we look so much better
don't pinch my cheeks oh my god that
must be horrible for kids that bloody
hurts basically we're going back to
Berlin today and I've had an epiphany I
want to get into gaming so I'm going to
buy crash bandicoot classic boys
apologies I'm gonna buy the old crash
bandicoot basically and start playing it
I'm dying all I have is memories of
crash bandicoot and Tekken and Super
Mario I just want to get back it's all
of that because the memories man so
that's it I'm gonna be gave us from now
on really old school 1 ok check out guys
Sunday mama made us a lovely roasting up
for good but excited if you're any good
in it look mum oh you ain't that pink
jumping all my vlogs now that's bad
anyway shortly well house is lighting a
fire so we can put a toast some
marshmallows right girlfriend all put on
the bottom that's a wise office or just
leave with me because I spilt everything
you're lying it's oh yo don't tell
people you don't dream about what we
tell people you don't ring by knotting
it hi guys
we instead are going home to Birmingham
now so I just wanted to end the vlog I'm
sorry if it's been boring now sorry
about that
goodbye
take advice it Jojo yeah yeah say
goodbye poison yeah yeah yeah yeah
goodbye press the stop button please
cease out
please press the stop message
