oh maybe lemon look in your eyes but for
them in the gloves why with my time
watched where's my stopwatch Bob can't
find this stopwatch phone hi guys okay
so as you can see I've got no makeup on
whatsoever and that's why I look all
gray and uneven and spotty over here and
here and just just really not regular
Deena but this is the real Deena so
you'll be happy to know hey I thought I
would do the blue I fit today I thought
I would do the three minute makeup
challenge because basically I'm in
Cardiff I'm in Cardiff for about ten
days basically doing nothing taking a
big fat break from life in general and I
am loving it because you know I've been
feeling ill and all this stuff I'm
basically blah blah so I'm having a nice
big break and anyway when it comes to
Cardiff I don't pack nice clothes and I
also don't pack um all of my makeup I
pack like just the essentials on my
makeup so um I thought this would be the
perfect time to do the 3 min makeup
challenge because I'll have just like my
essentials right here next to me on this
bed so heavy notice I got a little bit
of a tan
can you see got a little bit of a tan
and that's basically because um I've
been sitting in the garden with my
sleeves rolled up and my trousers rolled
up to my ankles anyone else and to see
my brother Hasson are in Egypt guna and
I couldn't go so that's why I'm trying
to turn in the garden anyway 3 minute
makeup challenge is a challenge where
you get your makeup and you try and
apply it onto your face in 3 minutes now
I thought I would do this really easily
and I'd be really good at it because
basically my daily makeup face is a
concealer bit of foundation eyebrows bit
of blush and always lipstick or
something on the lips and I never have
anything on the eyes and I think the
eyes is what takes absolutely ages to do
so the plan is that I'm gonna win this
challenge and kind of go through the
items I have with me because I know you
guys are going to ask at the end of the
video what I have with me is my Max
Factor powder foundation and that
really gonna help me and then I have my
Maybelline age rewind arrays a dark spot
concealer that's really going to help me
then the blusher I'm going to be using
is the benefit hoola hoola one that's
really going to help me for my eyebrows
i'll be using anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow in ash brown and my Mac Paint
well I've also bought extras in case I
have time so I've bought like a Revlon
bronzer I've also bought with need my
woder blush hedge stickers half time the
bought mascara just in case half time at
the end and I bought lippy cuz I need
back it and that's all I have so I'm
gonna basically try and get started on
that ASAP guys I just need to get my
stopwatch ready and Cleavon my makeup
and stuff what am I going to start with
first let me just put everything in
order show you guys something hilarious
cuz I'm in Cardiff I didn't bring my
tripod cuz didn't think I'd film
anything let me just show you what
happens to a youtuber when they don't
have a tripod okay
my camera is balancing on a cuddler and
then balancing on an IKE shoe box and on
a other box on top of the table
altogether
so that's funny isn't it okay we're
going to get started I'm just gonna
press start on my stopwatch this may
have an IE oh my god this kid please let
me do this but I mean hey stop okay so
I'm going to go in with my concealer
first this is just my daily routine
isn't it yes it is I'm going to put on
everywhere that needs the sealing I've
got so many spots right now because
because I sat in the Sun and that gets
me laser spots and also just because I'm
having a bad skin time right now to be
honest with you
yes you might think I'm going wild but I
do have three minutes and you know these
things oh my god half a minutes gone to
this family oh my god
Isle area I'm gonna stop blending on it
right now actually oh if only I didn't
have to hold my mirror up then I could
blend on one side with a brush and on
the other side with my finger Oh God
wrong would we do you know I didn't plan
this properly guys if this if I don't do
this then nobody can do it basically I
don't need this I'm gonna be very
disappointed oh no this is going
terribly wrong already
now I can do this I can redeem myself I
can completely redeem myself oh my god
oh my like this I really put this much
concealer my ways oh please God help me
help me win this challenge but I'm
competing with against myself basically
oh my god I didn't realize how much of
my Tanika
I literally call so much so much of a
tan because this concealer does not
normally do this
what okay now I'm going to go in with my
foundation brush you know I'm saying and
this already has a mirror on it so
that's good a mask a lot of blood
everywhere
normally I take my nose piercing out as
well so I can get in there in all the
nooks and crannies but that's not
happening today don't have time for lips
and crannies today oh my god a minute
your half is gone what how is that even
possible how am I gonna do my eyebrows
you let me do this then I can do it
look see my skin is looking already
quite normal isn't it it is this is Dean
on not normal all bogeys this is Dina
like normal days if you see me around
this is just a regular Dina no fancy
makeup okay that's done I can do if I
brow because that's one of the most
important things for women's features
her eyebrows oh my god I'm not gonna
have time I don't have time is only two
minutes
it's all you two minutes gone gonna do
the half eyebrow thing you know know all
the makeup I still do the half my
drafting and the trigger I'm going to do
that okay I'm doing it I'm doing it
oh my god for 20 seconds that's not even
possible
okay I'm done no I'm not I'm gonna put
this on I've got ten seconds I'm gonna
do my lipstick and I'm done I'll bet you
look neat through lips lipstick lip
licker yep oh my god I got two seconds
to go
Deena daily whoa oh my god guys that's
three minutes gone I can't believe
that's three minutes gone how serious
I've ever done my makeup in my life let
me to see how how this looks really oh
my god this well actually to be honest
with you I don't think the face is that
bad the face is quite good however the
one thing I didn't manage to do
unfortunately is my blusher which I'll
just do now for the sake of you guys
seeing a really quick face tutorial
anyway I guess I'm disappointed with
myself I'm very very disappointed with
myself I'm going in with my blush
regardless what I love about this
benefit one is the brush it's kind of
like a mini contour think it's so easy
it's so good
well obviously I didn't have time for
mascara guys you know I was supposed to
do a shopping haul video so basically
yesterday I went shopping and I had I
have plans that I was gonna like really
really shot look at the blusher isn't it
amazing that was gonna really really
shop and stuff and then basically I
didn't find anything and I ended up just
buying like little things like these
earrings and this necklace which was one
pound from Primark by the way and that's
it so the shopping haul has to wait
until I actually manage to shop because
I'm finding it really difficult to shop
nowadays basically I'm like getting
really fussy with things so anyway this
is what I do is my blusher on a quick
day get it all up everywhere you know
what I'm staying all up in this business
like this little bit on the nose a
little bit of contour on - no
you know little bit on it basically that
would have been me if I had four minutes
and 44 seconds and actually if you just
give me five minutes I wouldn't put on
lip liner then lipstick and my lips
would have been more fantastic but
they're not so that's unfortunate anyway
guys I hope you enjoyed that video my
next video will be a vlog of Cornwall
weekend and oh yeah I thought I'll do
the whisper challenge with my
grandmother Judy rather than my mum or
use it because they're really hard to
persuade whereas Judy will totally be up
for it and it'll be funnier because
she's my grandmother in it so I'm okay
good bye
