hi guys so I'm back finally with sitting
down talking to you guys video haven't
been on YouTube properly for about
probably about a month my last three
videos approximately have been and you
know like videos to do with my clothing
collection that I recently launched
about three weeks ago called Deena takia
which is my real name in case any of you
guys didn't know that Deena Tokyo is
kind of just like a fun name Deena
talkie yeah
in 3 K yeah is there my real name okay I
was working on out in Indonesia for a
lot of the year 2014 and we finally
launched handle air and overall the
response was really good handle a friend
of you guys who aren't Muslim that means
thanks to God and basically the reason
I'm doing this Q&A video is because when
I did launch a lot of you guys bombarded
me with questions and therefore I feel
the need to sit here and do a Q&A a few
weeks ago I asked you on Instagram to
leave your questions below and I will
answer them on a video and so I'm
literally just gonna scroll through the
questions that I've got and I'm on so
I'm gonna get started now okay okay the
first question and a lot of people have
commented this fashion rocks says love
everything but it's so expensive 38
pounds for hey Jeb can maybe tell us why
they're expensive is the material high
quality first of all I know I'm a Muslim
and I wear the hijab and etc and and
things like that but what you all need
to understand is I'm not selling a hey
Jeb because a hey Jeb is not is not a
essentially what you think it is a scarf
that you wear on your head hey Jeb is a
whole concept so what I'm doing is I'm
selling scarves now it's up to you how
you want to wear them of course I'm
aware that a lot of you will wear them
on your head because a lot of you take
your influence from the way I style my
scarves and a lot of time I wear my
skulls on my head but also a lot of time
I wear them around my neck on bags
accessories etc things like that in
response to 38 pounds you have premium
scarves and then we have basics got the
Fiat the 38 pounds is for the highest
quality scarf and that is for the one
that I have now actually on my head and
basically they're 30% silk and 70%
cotton they are handmade they are hand
weaved and hand dyed completely
so for example you see these tassels
here they completely weave from the
scarf they also have zari borders which
are done by hand so everything is
handmade and it's hand dyed and the
percentage of silk is very high so yes
in order for me to be able to continue
to run my business and bring out high
quality scarves that then it does that
does reflect in the price I mean trust
me I tried to keep prices as cheap as I
possibly could I mean if it is too
expensive for you you can always wait
for a sale which we will have of course
and or you can go for the basic scarves
and these silk scarves and like the one
on my head we do have variations of them
where they don't have sari borders for
example and are plain all one color they
range from thirty-three powers to 38
pounds
everybody has this idea that just
because you have a businesslike let's
say my clothing business and like you
have this idea that I'm probably loaded
and that I'm over pricing things but I'm
really really know I'm really really
pricing things fairly I can honestly say
that and like you probably think I get
the scarf for like 50 P by really really
don't the manufacturing prices are
insane for this particular hand weave
scoff so for me to be able to run the
business
obviously the prices need to give me
some kind of profit okay fairy L K says
how comes you didn't use hijab' models
by the way love your clothes
octi XO thanks so those of you guys who
don't know what okay means octonions
sister in arabic anyway how come you
didn't use her Gebbie models I didn't
use her jebby models because so many
reasons actually but one of the main
reasons is I don't want to just market
my clothing line to purely and women who
are blatantly who are obviously Muslim
looking who wear the hijab I wanted the
clothing line to be open to absolutely
everyone so if somebody who wasn't a
Muslim who had no idea who Dena Tokyo
was came across the website would look
at it and not automatically be put off
and say oh that's just for those kind of
women oh and they would just sort of
look at the clothes for what the clothes
are for what the scarves are etc so
basically I just didn't want to market
it specifically for Muslim women a lot
of you guys seem to be upset by the
and insulted I have no idea why because
you wouldn't stop shopping at H&M or
Zara just because they don't use 2 GB
models however when you do find modest
clothes from H&M or Zara you will pick
it up so it's actually quite insulting
to me that you would be annoyed that I
didn't use heavy models because I need
to get by it if you ask me it's a bad
business move for me to purely focus on
just his arabes I just feel like I
wanted to open it to all women it's
really as simple as that to be honest
with you a lot of you guys also had a
problem and made an assumption that
these that the models I used weren't
Muslims and you had a problem with that
but this is correct kind of a funny
situation because if I had put hey Jeb
on these models a lot of people probably
would have had a problem with that so no
it's not correct to Jeb etc so really
there's no winning so I'm just going to
do it how I want to do it I'm just going
to represent the brand how I want to
represent the brand and I did the photo
shoot out in Indonesia so I had a few
agencies to look at and pick models and
trust me I just picked the models that I
thought would look best in my clothes
I'm a mess something something says do
you think of making this business larger
and do runways worldwide obviously I
would love to do that and I can only try
to make the business larger inshallah
and do Runaways worldwide but you know
it's not as easy as that guys and you
know this is like my first official
collection I've been designing since I
started this whole social media thing
for like 4 or 5 years 4 years I'd say
and you know before that when I first
started I was like yeah I'm gonna get
clothing line out this was four years
ago but it's really not that that easy
it's very easy and I could I could have
gone down the route of just designing
one-off pieces or just taking custom
orders so designing something and
somebody saying I want it and then I
repeat the process of making that for
different people with different sizes I
really didn't want to sit there
basically and essentially be a
seamstress so I just sort of got into
blogging and that kind of thing until I
was able to figure out how to find a
manufacturer and get started and because
this is my first like actual official
collection oh my god guys I have learnt
so much it's so true when people say you
learn from experience because I could
have studied all of this in uni in that
and there's no way I would have
what I've learnt from just going out
there and just just making a collection
so many like problems you face so many
oh my god so many things I wish I could
like go through these really not easy
even when you got a manufacturer doing
your site is so difficult it really is
difficult but handle I've learnt so much
like my head is like just working
overtime to be honest with you and which
is quite annoying because I want to do
so many things but I have to sort of
just stop and just anyway I've learned
so much and guys it's really true like
if you want to learn about something
just go out and do it and you will learn
there's no other way boomer oh X says
what's your inspiration if you mean what
was my inspiration for this particular
collection basically and for the past
few years I've been going out to
Indonesia I think altogether I've been
I've been three different times and each
time I've spent quite a while out there
and basically I manufactured out in
Indonesia because in Indonesia everybody
you meet almost has their own clothing
business because there are just that
many factories that do it there so a lot
of my inspiration was Indonesia itself
basically and then a lot of it I mean I
went out to Indonesia with a folder like
this thick full of sketches that I just
sketched out like a few months before
heading out there and so I went there
like with so many ideas buzzing because
remember I've been designing for like
four years and some pieces I've designed
four years ago I still want to bring
bring back now and be able to sell it to
so many of you guys obviously we're
improved and things like that but I mean
I went out to Indonesia with my head
like full of ideas too many ideas way
too many ideas I just need to like cut
it down and just just be like strict
with myself so a lot of my inspiration
was Indonesia the flame and dusk says
how did you stay motivated to get where
you are it's amazing how far you've come
masha'Allah and shot a lot I look
continues to push your higher yes and
shot lighters and how did I stay
motivated
you know what I'll be honest with you
when you put your money into something
it's quite easy to stay motivated
because you're like okay I've put your
money into this I need to make my money
back otherwise I'm gonna have problems
in the future and you know a lot of big
a lot of like startup businesses they
they're able to startup and they're able
to sort of like do everything super suit
professional because they take
a lot of time they take out huge huge
loans and handedly oh we didn't do that
so we put our own money into it
and you know I'm with it and that's why
we started us more because I don't have
loads of money to put into a business
like that and basically when you put
your own money into it you have a lot of
motivation and all I've ever wanted to
do is design and you know I know I do
YouTube videos and I blog and I do
styling I do so many other things ham de
Leon I love it but ultimately the only
thing I ever want to do is just be a
designer and have my clothes available
to people worldwide and do nothing other
than spend my time designing ultimately
that's my goal in life I want to get to
a stage where I don't need to do other
things I just need I just all I need to
do is just concentrate on designing
that's like my dream
that's my only being that's been my only
ever dream ever in my life so anyway SS
Delight said why didn't you model the
clothes and please can you make your
clothes for a fat woman 5:16 I just had
a baby like he he lost in a Tokyo Love
in the collection okay I follow you on
Instagram what's up okay I didn't model
the clothes because look at model I
ain't a model man I'm 5 foot 5 something
I'm 165 centimeters I just got measured
the other day the doctors 165
centimeters about 60 right now I'm about
63 to 64 kgs because I've put on so much
bloody weight
shuttle I lose it you know my slim time
is usually when I'm about 60 kgs less
around the summertime and then winter
put on that winter fat so look I'm not a
model I wouldn't have been able to it's
just not a good idea for me to model my
own clothes and yes we can make clothes
for a size 16 just bear in mind that
sliced 16 is not fat you're not fat plus
you've had baby
and but again like I said this was the
first collection and I've learned a lot
and we tried to do a lot of these sizes
one size and made them kind of like
oversized fits and uh so that they could
fit people from this size to this size
but um it's cut it was kind of difficult
to do that with a few of the designs
actually to be honest with you Aisha
says do you plan on having a shoe line
it would be awesome I don't plan on
having a shoe line right now like I can
barely just have a regular clothing line
maybe in the future but I don't really
particularly have a passion for
designing shoes
however bags inshallah Jeter 0:09 says
what led you to the fashion industry and
did you have trouble getting to where
you are right now okay the fashion
industry I didn't even think I'm in the
fashion industry not the mainstream want
one anyway that's for sure but a lot of
you guys will kind of know my story
because you've been following me for
years but if you don't I'll give you a
very brief one like I I went to uni
three different times did three
different topics that I was turned out I
did not enjoy at all I didn't finish
University I do not have a degree in any
of those when I left my third attempt at
uni I was just like you know what I just
wanna I just want to design clothes and
make them and sort of model them and put
them online and see what people think
and so basically that's how I started
and that was about four years ago first
thing I did was start a Facebook page
because Facebook was and then and put my
pictures up and then that led me onto
YouTube which led me onto and Instagram
and then it just also like open because
in the last four years like blogging and
social media has made so many like stars
and so many jobs for people but you know
four years ago basically it took me
about four years to be where I am now
which isn't actually that much of an
amazing place a lot of you guys might
think it is but it actually isn't I'm
still very very much not where I want to
be I'm still very much like not
satisfied I still have so much more
ambition to where I want to be like I
said before but nowadays it's very very
easy to just start blogging and
literally become fame Instagram fame
overnight it can be frustrating for some
of us old a lot but whatever and that's
what led me into the fashion industry
which it's not a mainstream fashion I
just basically I just designed what I
like and I just dress how I like and
sometimes I look at trends and sometimes
I look at fashion shows and things like
that but I don't a lot of the time just
because I feel like it stresses me out
and I just want to be free when I when I
get creative what's your experience like
is it harder to start your business as a
covered Muslim woman that was from the
solitary poet
hmm okay I'm gonna say that actually as
a covered Muslim women being covered
it's probably what made it easier for me
to start my business yes because when I
started blogging my audience naturally
were all Muslim women who a lot of them
were covered a lot of them weren't they
were just missing women so a lot of my
audience are Muslim women who are
similar to me younger than me or just
want ideas people who can relate
basically if you're trying to get into
mainstream fashion world hell yeah it's
difficult as hell man
even even not not just fashion like just
other things recently I'm experiencing
so many opportunities where all you can
get to do this you can get to that but
then it's also some like underlying
reasons why people want you to do things
for example like because they want you
to talk about political issues and
things like that when the problem is
like yes I'm a young Muslim okay I
happen to be Muslim so you think that I
should answer this political question
but really not everybody is qualified to
just answer these things like especially
not me the only reason you people ask
you these questions is because you have
to be Muslim but very difficult to
explain but anyway I'm just like sick of
us Muslims always having to fight
freakin fight fight the image that we're
always being given and portrayed in so
many things in life but whenever it's
just so difficult it is difficult to get
by as Muslim women you always have to
prove yourself and I don't think that's
ever gonna change guys sorry get that
corn out of my faces give some tips to
succeed and I would say motivation and
hard work you know what even if you
think you're talentless and people say
that you're talentless you will get
somewhere if you persist and if you put
100% hard work into whatever it is
you're trying to do and then the day you
will get there however many years it
takes you will get to where you want to
be far ok says how did you manage to
save costs like do you get help making
the clothes or are you set up somewhere
where people make it I haven't sat there
and made every piece of my collection
but a lot of them I made the pattern or
I made the sample and then I passed it
on to a manufacturer and they proceeded
to make however many pieces I ordered
that's how we work Estrella undersquare
zine says what was the hardest thing
when you started fabric finding the
right manufacturer finding time and it's
very very difficult finding the right
manufacturer let me tell you that is so
difficult and finding fabric is also
very difficult it's very difficult in
fact has really put me off
just just sourcing fabric in general
what I want to do for the second
collection in short alarm I'm working on
my own print which will be printed on
two fabrics like silk so I just had a
look at the rest of the questions and a
lot of them I've kind of already
answered because they're similar
questions or I accidentally answered
them in other questions so I think
that's enough for this video it's very
long video anyway I hope you enjoyed it
I hope it helped you know I'm not like a
business guru in any way whatsoever I'm
learning oh my god you have no idea how
much I have learned from doing this ham
delay is really good like a now I'm
really like ready and rev to go for the
second collection shotlock you do want
tips you know starting your own business
I see a lot of like these new um
businesses where they like promoting hey
Jeb and like selling hey Jeb and like
Muslim modest clothing and things like
that and I just feel like there's no
originality in it anymore the Muslim
market is a humongous market the problem
is it just all seems to be like it's
kind of coming like the like a Chinese
wholesale market where everybody's just
copying there's no originality and
there's nothing fresh which is really
annoying so if you are starting
something new like come like start
something because you've got this
amazing idea you haven't seen it before
that kind of thing obviously you know if
you need to make money you're just gonna
look at something and be like that self
I'm gonna sell it and fair enough great
but if you're creative and you're look
you're just looking to sort of get your
name out and that kind of thing then you
know and but anyway keep an eye out
who's gonna take months and months to
get a second collection going but I've
got so many juicy ideas and so many like
kind of I guess you could call them
inventions that are really going to help
you guys out Chandler and clothing wise
and coming up soon
well not soon depends how long it takes
but it's probably going to be nothing
happening until like the end of this
year because it does take that long so
in the meantime just going to see my
face on YouTube alright I hope you
enjoyed that guys thanks for watching
out till next time
what's up guys I just finished filming a
question and answer video for you guys
and it makes me check out on YouTube
later on when I pull so understood
Graham snapchatting the Tokyo yeah
