oh I don't know I've been going created
discomfort that just means plastic it's
literally the cheapest oh thank you for
doing shopping for me my lovely
assistant thank you hi guys
see how I've turned the hi guys down a
little bit for you because all my
comments are like who else turns down
their volume before they play Deena's
videos well you don't have to now okay
today's video is very clearly going to
be a try on haul for you I am going to
be trying clothes for the first time
ever by the way
from Nasty Gal why did I do that I have
seen some of their clothes in real life
I accidentally went past a pop-up shop
that they were doing in London and you
had to like follow them on Instagram
in order to be let in and then pick up
any free clothes that you wanted but by
the time I'd got there all of the good
stuff was kind of gone and there wasn't
much but one thing I did notice was that
the sizes looked pretty tiny
so I'd look online and order some things
they'd actually like and see how it
works on my now very pregnant figure
because by the way guys I don't really
buy a lot of maternity clothing the only
alteration I ever have really needed to
do is get a waist expander for my
trousers normally because all my tops
are stuff are really baggy and loose and
that kind of style anyway so hopefully
Nasty Gal
I will be able to rock during pregnancy
this stuff is filthy yeah so I've got
shit-tons
absolutely shipped tons of stuff here
how much did we spent it just over 500
pounds so I've picked a pretty good
selection I've also kept in mind pieces
that I think would work for the modest
clothing lifestyle choice woman so if
you're a high chair B or if you're just
into looser more covering kind of
clothes I've also kept that in mind so
if you guys have never shopped the Nasty
Gal before or these kind of stores that
we see popping up everywhere because
it's just not marketed or advertised
towards us well I've picked the most
suitable or easiest to wear items for
you as well
so I'll be back with the first piece of
clothing on me lovely body alright
I need a we actually it is nest Deena
who put her bra on top of her shirt
today this is size 12 okay
it's basically this pin striped shirt
with massive denim cuffed sleeves I've
rolled one up so you can kind of see
what that looks like because that's how
I would wear it anyway if I was to wear
it which I wouldn't this is the back
situation it looks bloody awful problem
is I don't have any face in between my
stomach that glitter just is boobs and
then belly this bit here it doesn't fit
very well it actually makes my bump look
a lot bigger than Ashley is but also my
bump is quite big today like one day
it's small one day's big one day was
whatever yo I can't even breathe it in
bro this is no tons I'm doing this by
the way I'm 25 weeks pregnant as of
yesterday so the shirt on G is actually
too big by itself so that's why you know
you kind of have to wear this on the top
to bring it all in together I mean if I
wasn't pregnant I might try wearing this
for the summer to be honest with you I
can imagine it'd be quite comfortable
because I don't have this breathing
issue over here let's you wear an
oversized shirt what brings you in a
little bit in the right kind of places
so I would actually probably wear it if
I wasn't in that situation but I'm not
going to keep it because I got too long
to wait and then by the time I give
birth and I've got my figure back it'll
be winter and so I learned that I
absolutely love this dress
it's so cute this dress the larger size
that they have is a size 12 UK which
isn't very big it's so cute right about
until yeah yeah yeah which isn't their
fault that advertises a maternity dress
or anything so they didn't know this
would be great big belly in the way but
if they had an option for a size 14 it
probably would fit and by the way it's
lined underneath and it's not
see-through at all so it would actually
be just so perfect that's the shame I
would have actually kept this if it had
fit order worn it with different scarf
could have been super cute oh wow
so when I saw this online I thought it
would be one of those wraparound ones
where you have like a tie and you can
adjust how much you're at but it's not
it's another unzip which created
discomfort let's just say it doesn't
even fully going on my hips actually
don't love my hips it's just very tight
like this is the length of it
it's very tight on the hips so web
basically it's a size 12 again and I
would have kept this if it fit really
nicely because I just love the brown and
white situation polka dots also really
nice on pregnant ladies I think I just
said I'm gonna get out of it cuz the
dress before this
we're actually stuck for about half an
hour yeah see the lights on on people it
lights on this whole time the lights
went on they're not the light the light
light the lights on bro that's better
guys I love this and it's like a bit of
beer beer by the way be in Egyptian
Arabic means like tacky leopard print
I think isn't tacky at all okay depends
how you wear it but let brings a
timeless print and I love it
so this apparently is in a size medium I
just got sip to check but I'm pretty
sure online it would have been two
different sizes either a small flash
medium or a medium stature large so I
would have picked the medium large
definitely this is the first thing I'm
keeping hey I'm quite excited to wear
this if I just show you first so it's
buttons from here and they go all the
way down to literally ankle length I
think it would be see-through though but
I've got my skin underneath and it's
super lightweight so you could wear like
a jersey skirt underneath and not be too
hot you'll be fine and then this kind of
v-neck bit over here literally just has
a nice tie to do like a nice loose tie
it's super up this is soup I love this
I'd wear this with like nice pointed
white flats for the summer and just like
a nice bag loads of gold accessories
keep it simple I love it I really
it doesn't like it I don't care I think
it's perfect for maternity as well super
comfortable love how flattering this
whole section is over here so this looks
way better quality online than it is in
real life it's like a really stretchy
kind of like I don't know it's like a
jersey you know the shiny kind of Jersey
I don't think it works well for this
kind of jacket blazer thing I thought
would be like proper tweed kind of
fabric but it's not it looked like it
wasn't gonna fit but because it's so
stretchy I managed to fully and make it
fit so the back is too like it's too
tight first of all and then it's too
poufy
there's too much pouf everywhere as
poof's she's so many poof's everywhere
but I do like it from certain angles and
if I didn't have a bump
I could probably keep it and then I
would let you just wear it with
boyfriend jeans and like oxford shoes or
something obviously roll up the sleeves
I might always do actually the more I
look at myself the more I like it Sid
it's very comfortable you can like be
like yay yay let me eat my burger oh and
you're fine it doesn't look good open
let me tell you it really doesn't look
good open mainly because this is a crop
top and I've got stomach before skirt
and that's just nasty obviously what are
you saying what are you saying guys how
you like my tracksuit yeah
camo Jenai kit visor okay I'm seeing
everything in purple when I go this this
was 5 pounds and there's a reason it's
literally the cheapest like thing on the
planet but you know what it does the job
it really does and it's more comfortable
than an actual like baseball cap when
you've got a scarf situation going on
because the backs elasticated at least
you just goes over the top and if you
want to take it off take it off without
looking like a tip take the bar off now
hold on if I can oh
well said I'm stuck whoa so let's
talk about the tracksuit shall we it's
very cheap fabric but it's very
comfortable the fit by the way I got
this in a size 12 like top and bottom no
pockets on the trousers but actually I
prefer that because it doesn't add any
extra bulk around the hip area you know
when you get those videos that are like
so tight around this section that
they're really painful to put over the
head that was one of them but what's
this on I love it I love tracks these
guys alright
I just love track suits is live and we
like you know keeping that I'm like yes
I am go away what do you think of these
baby pink heels I feel like they're a
bit too big for me but I love them I've
got these pale blue socks on as well
that I just had in my drawer the shoes
are obviously nasty Galdo I really
actually love them to be honest with you
and I really like them with this track
suit they don't quite go but like who
cares I just tied my scarf up any old
how just so that you could see the
outfit properly but we've got three
nasty gout pieces on here let's talk
about the jacket first definitely better
quality then a lot of the stuff we've
already tried on Navy pinstripe very
long duster jacket I love it hop closer
so you guys can just understand this
can't be asked situation which just
explains my life right now let's be fair
oh it's a crew neck t-shirt it's a size
large by the way a jacket size 12 okay
trousers size 12 they did fit like
properly up here with the actual the
real button tied up and the zip and
everything but I can breathe so I went
ahead and got elastic hair bubble and
did like a waist expander situation now
that's why it doesn't look very nice
with the t-shirt browsers are one of
those that I have like the pleated waist
and then they have like a belt tie as
well but I really like the color of the
trousers so if I wasn't pregnant and I
was a bit slimmer then I would actually
wear the trousers how you should wear
them which is high waist and I would
suck the t-shirt in so you'd see the
trousers coming kind of like all the way
up here which I think would look so nice
I'm really loving this color combination
Navy and like this almost burnt orange
did
little bit Charlie Chaplin II definitely
always have them rolled up and then with
heels pointed shoes or trainers such a
nice casual outfit so comfortable I'm
probably gonna keep uno dos next up we
have this jacket which is one size super
stretchy Oh feels quite tight already
and the shittiest waist belt I've ever
seen you cut out of like a fabric roll
there's nothing else to it guys like
tight for a one-size er don't you think
the mom's already I mean it's very
comfortable cuz it's stretchy obviously
but mm I don't think I'll be keepin man
no actually pregnant ladies actually
yeah god this is you should be guys
don't buy this you could make it you
could you could let you just make this I
do your DIY on this I'll do do I
and what is there's a pocket these
there's two pockets that's not bad and
we also have it in black so I bought
they even try it on actually the more I
look at it the more I'm like it could be
quite handy I don't like the maybe the
black one is handy in Rama gam actually
maybe they're both handy for Ramadan
when you want to wear something they
don't care about as much but it's nice
loose swifter because you're gonna come
back thinking of food actually then if
we're gonna look at it at that
perspective there maybe we keepin him
did you remember waterfall jackets came
out the really cheap ones on ebay and
everywhere and they were all 25 pounds
and they're all one size it's a bit like
that basically if I was to keep them I
would definitely wear them open I think
yeah there's not much to it guys you can
literally make it you can literally make
it you know when some things come
arriving or fish this jacket smells of
fish so this jacket is a size 12 so I
actually was quite excited about this
jacket because it's like the leather
look I think they advertised it if I'm
not mistaken I can't know if this was
this or another website I think that
advertised it as vegan leather which I
found funny cuz that just means plastic
doesn't it it's basically a loose
leather jacket we've definitely wear
long things to cover the behind
I'm not going to turn around because you
don't want to see things it's really
making me gag a little bit because it
smells fishy but it's fine I'll just let
it oh the zip is just short one uh-huh
lovely
and then the buttons button up like that
I think you actually want to do back in
a minute it's good look in the mirror
one second okay I think I'm keeping this
guy's so comfortable with the elastic as
well like you want to close it this is
actually really good maternity leather
jacket option because the elasticated
waist close it you don't feel like you
do when you're work in a leather jacket
like thank you nasty girl that's not
thank you because I paid anyways them
guys what do you think of this jacket
this is a nice jacket
this is feels better quality their
jackets are better quality I'm just a
tied waste they look good when you tie
it was it was killed what smell okay
maybe I don't dye it okay no girl do you
on don't let your waist stop you from
wearing what you are aware no I don't
think we should think like that look as
good as you could look what do you think
of this jacket okay I haven't even
looked in the proper marry yet but I
already I'm loving it it's like the
perfect jacket for the spring to summer
transition if you ask me and I love the
color what do you think I love it
there's a very nice jacket very nice
very nice very nice it's got poppers
Anders if I see how it looks open it
looks sick open that's nice man open and
tied maybe or tied around the back there
are a few options we have say whoa this
jackets a bit fitted okay already off
the bat this jacket compared to that one
we just tried and the navy blue
pinstripe is not good quality although I
do love the color
oh the restrictions on the arms it makes
me look really slim isn't it I'm feeling
like it might be quite slimming jacket
so sometimes you know to look slightly
slimmer and you do have to pain is
beauty basically what everything's like
loose all the buckles are like not tire
you don't wear do not fall from weight
on my wrists I do like the were they
called lapels lapels oh yeah we've
changed t-shirts at the yellow t-shirt
and it says Oh
which is another definition of my
current lifestyle situation as literally
every morning I wake up and said just
here's a there are pockets it's very
lightweight I don't know it's not as
comfortable as the other jackets at all
- those two cheapy waterfall ones I do
like the color oh we've got sunglasses -
well I thought these were gonna be a lot
more red but they're these are more now
these look good bro hold on a minute oh
I can't see any scissors there yeah pump
it pass it my shopping sister's being
really really good today
come on Syd nice I like guys what's this
white fluff man don't like when I got
fluff
I like these glasses I really like this
whole look altogether - the skirt
obviously I'm holding right with a black
skirt that's basic I'm gonna put on
proper shoes but everything else look in
the big mirror one second I look a bit
like Pat butcher this is the size 12 and
it fits very very nicely is even a
little bit loose Oh actually what's good
on up there hold on I just gotta keep it
down what's going on here - altmer down
yeah what are you yeah I got Nydia oh I
really like it from the front it is
really cute from the front though maybe
if you had to wear a jacket but then
what's the point right guys this is the
current situation though this rugby top
is looks like a ruby top nice colors
this is nice twelve it actually fits
better than I thought it would so I'm
out of breath because we've got the
maddest shoes on they can't really see
cuz the carpets blue so it's blending in
surprisingly very comfortable for the
height that they are tends to happen
with more platform shoes obviously
because the way is more spread out that
looks nice
I went to supermarket like this I look
like a tit yeah cuz we live in
bloody Wales Oh any supermarket look
like a tip unless you've gone to Whole
Foods
did you know I was hoping you'd be a bit
bigger pretty sure this is a size lodge
it doesn't cover me asked properly
basically maybe with one of those nice
pleated ankle skirts well the red one
would look sick actually I'm not sure
how original that is but yeah that's
everything I've ordered I'm not
disappointed there are some pieces that
I'm definitely keeping there are some
pieces are definitely not they do need
to work on their sizing a bit like they
need to like either make them bigger or
they need to expand the sizing range let
me know what other Tryon holes you would
like to see me try on while I've got
this bump make the most of it in case
you are gonna have one soon or whatever
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel I upload twice a week or I try
to anyway like and comment on this video
leave me suggestions for what you'd like
to see in it and I'll see you on my next
video until next time bye
