hi guys so today is day oh I'm not sure
what day is I think it's day four or
five in Egypt and maybe it's my cousin's
wedding
woohoo and here's my cousin she's just
talking on the phone as a bride word and
I did her makeup guys at 20 to see I
didn't do her scarf although I wanted to
but she refused and go ahead yep Silas
and now it's gonna fall that scoffs can
fall she should really let me do her
scarf because I am the best out there
you know I mean yeah yeah I'm doing a
video okay channel vlog but I assume is
why I think this is all gonna be called
Sammy's wedding okay Olivia yeah hey
guys see me my god
hi guys this is sue me everyone my
cousin she's my age a little bit younger
than me actually and she's her wedding
day today and I do makeup for her yeah
she got her nose ring and I was like why
the hell you give me an edge ringing she
like cuz I'm Bella DB the world
yeah what do you think guys he's stopped
talking I saw your face
oh I see so good as much Allah Masha
Allah
okay there's a photo shoot for photos
tacky do you now I see me yeah okay let
them yes definitely
beautiful yes are you excited yeah well
unless listen mr. Saito this is my uncle
Sammy's dad looking very dapper like men
in black Sid Sid go so next is go SID
and my uncle my uncle tahoe and then my
cousin Ludi there we go I've never seen
I'm sorry look so smart well where where
well what's under my ear we're just
waiting now for guests to arrive because
we're aliens assume he's getting a photo
shoot and since we didn't vlog at all
since feeling guess since feeling super
super awkward uncle
nope well no they do speak English but
everyone
Hasegawa and Obama video
guys this house it thinks everyone's
dancing right now
at the end of series wedding conducted
in dance in my wedding
yeah every mean sue me at the end of the
night still looking closer oh he's a
happy couple of Oh guys congratulations
lovely wedding masha'Allah anyway the
other have a lovely time have a lovely
life the other bye bye
