hi guys okay so today's video I'm going
to do a really quick summer styling
video and it's not clothing it's just a
bunch of tutorials or basically just a
video compilation of me putting loads of
scoffs on and styles that may consider
to be summery basically because you guys
like the tutorials and I have really
done been tutorials because I just don't
anymore so I just do like compilation
completion completion videos instead
basically so this is one of them okay I
like to get same staff print and wear
them in different colors just like I
like to wear one the same shoe but
another cut ah snap all of these scarves
are available on lady dole calm we are
actually having a closing down sale
which is going to go on for probably
about another month or so until we've
officially closed down and come back and
relaunched with my clothing collection
and shot a lot so check out lay still
and don't forget to use the discount
code on the website as well to get a
discount on this okay good bye so this
is numero uno enjoy it and I hope the
rest give you a bit of inspiration as
well for the summer because it can be
really hot during the summer and as a
hijab' it can probably be the most
difficult time in your life with wanting
to keep the scarf on despite it being
Ramadan okay enjoy
you
you
