hi guys okay so basically it just came
in from doing our weekly as the shop and
basically since Titus here once before
because he started to get gray hairs
it's not anything but he's really
conscious about it so basically we're in
a stir and he wants to get his head so I
said I'll pick it up for him but this
time I suggested we'll go for like a
light like a medium brown color
maybe it's give him some natural
highlights just give it a go and at the
same time I bought myself bleach because
I'm in the midst of like coloring my
hair and bleaching the etc I've got the
bleach bottle this is the bleach alright
total bleach London and then I've got
the live colour for Sid which is a brown
color and he's in the living room
waiting for me to prepare it I said
about a small block and last and in the
bathroom in the corner by the behind the
shower link hopefully he doesn't notice
it and hopefully he doesn't think it's
weird I decided to keep my scarf on so
anyway I'm going to put the bleach
contents in the brown hair dye box and
then go in there and dye his hair and
then hopefully hopefully he wouldn't
have allergic reaction because we've
done the skin test on him from the last
time he dyed his hair so anyway I'm
going to go in our bleaches hair and
actually I'm shitting myself because I'd
never thought I would actually do a
prank on him but you guys keep on asking
and asking and since I've been bleaching
my hair recently I thought bloody hell
it'll be so funny if I bleach today so
hopefully this back it's really good
say it yeah come on oh yeah anyone get
better
no elevator aren't you going to put it
around your neck obviously see you you
don't stay in your top huh nothing I'm
COFF come on hurry up
watch your Sanders come on hey darling
say she can't like that right no
something like that but might come out
because your heads black so probably
come out it will probably be it will
probably still be black but with just a
bit grabbing the Sun coz your hair so
doc hmm
they'll be right but probably be nice
your stings already whoa yeah
father your stinks man nabis is a good
one zombies is good quality okay Ted is
watching TV while he's waiting for their
head I divert to develop a nice hair
looks so far ridiculous anyway I'm gonna
clear up the myths real quick and then
I'm gonna go in there when it's time all
this time to think to wash it off and
just tell him mistake the cameras they
spacing telling me my or not he'll you
know me said come on time what off I'm
just filming for Instagram come on
darling all right okay okay what yeah
what yeah just perfect
okay just look in the bed look at this
it's gonna be a lovely lovely brown oh
love the way what's your hairs and the
blades even know yet do you know what
the it's not blonde it looks done but
it's not trust me come on wash the fuck
is Barney Eminem
come on was she hair darling I can't
believe I did that
I haven't done anything I'm done
anything is wrong it's the liquid oh
okay I feel a bit bad boy ever oh please
my towel you just make all UK's blended
Dino stop swearing
seriously it's going on YouTube this
baby this is good on YouTube no way I'm
so sorry
looking there is always calling it look
quite nice you know shit don't like my
camera subsidary poppin ticket I did it
successful prize I do possess surprise
it's my hair falls off another fallout
sorry you got the care you Asian anyway
guys I feel a little bit bad but not
really because if you think about it
he's the man he's got short hair it will
just grow in like two weeks anyway plus
he's Asian
yo what are you talking about this is
not going on YouTube hey so it's gonna
be all right so you say yo you guys get
to see the girl you guys hey I'm going
to the other mirror ready for that bad
really because it's it's this man here
he's got sure anyway just grow back and
plus we can just put a real black guy on
top anyway so I really don't feel bad
but he's gonna inshallah I hope he
doesn't practice I can't handle that
anyway let's give you a look if you'd
calm down south we follow listen sit
don't worry cuz what we can do is we can
take you to the hairdresser's or we can
get some highlights playing oh my god
now I can dye your hair pink it is
really should be a lil tinted green
oh my god bleaching we're gonna have to
go to answer what the fuck dude Oh is
your reincarnation mask oh don't worry
I hope I pull out because it got
reincarnation Mars from litzler away
because we're good to add link a plane
don't worry are you are you upset you're
not going anywhere tomorrow inning Oh
too timid but you know what don't worry
because your hair grows in two weeks and
you know what else
so tell you something else why have you
still got the phone camera and it's
gonna because when you calm down you'll
agree for it to go on YouTube no this is
not going on YouTube how are you always
going on YouTube
listen seriously don't bro me okay I was
running too but let me feel the power
memories then listen don't worry cuz we
can go to Asda now with her my god
and but I never die anyway they done
sits calm down he's getting used to his
blonde hair so that's good how you feel
is it anyway listen
oh man just give him a 360 view turn
around my hair was rude you look proper
like a took any I'll get this here - yes
his big ruined the top part of his hair
for ages it's cuz he's trying to do a
new hairstyle and now I've got a
bleached it by his fault for you know
being so self-conscious about his grey
hair when he doesn't even have any but
said don't worry because we've got the
brown dye that we bought I just swapped
the contest but we still he's showing
for turn the whole world
calm down chill our now come on back is
this one alright it's not brand sake but
you're over it's not brown though it's
not it's not because my hair is blonde
now it's gonna come out really like
brown alrighty then seems like it's a
little bit too early to start making the
jokes right well yeah shut up there's
all Bleacher my you huh I think I just
uploaded a picture on Instagram as well
SIB just got pranked bitch I love you
love you I think you're gonna get it
what no you're not you can't do that to
me cuz I will have a heart attack you
can't do things like this to me I will
have a heart oh I did it to you because
your hair sure and it's gonna grow out
and it's easy but if you did that if you
did something to me it's not this is
different anyway Oh anyway I think we
should go and put some Brown died on his
hair anyway
