hi guys so I'm gonna blogger we're on
the way to Cornwall to see the
grandmother
this one's mother yes I want this moment
has turned face and the saddest area
pops out and then happened next to me so
hopefully hopefully the whole car
journey isn't gonna stink of be oh
you're miss hazard
and we're gonna go and do what we
normally do in Bude which is go for
walking the man ready in the back there
that's Judy everyone haven't seen her in
a while have waited looking even got
through the whole thing's all gonna go
for a walk so I'll probably feel my feet
walking I can only do on these blogs
look terrible but anyway that's the plan
and I got this new bracelet that Judy
got me from where Judy from where from
Havana it's just time to walk okay write
me mum you got a safe bro
you see dude you surf mean you suffer we
knew some snicks and tea cakes did you
wait - way to go on water no no no no
need mm-hmm anyway time to film the feet
no man I already took one obviously
passes other than to go deer gag so guys
it's night time and apparently on top of
the moon see this flashing light it's
not flashing light it's the red one
no but they can see it they can see it
that apparently that light of their top
of the moon is Mars who said where it's
a Sky Watcher told my mum on here that's
a great patient where's the one on the
left up there tell me where I want to go
under the moods the left
oh yeah they can't see that anyway you
just out here you said show me your
binoculars
Nissa turn around with a buckle up which
one Mars they're all along the door on
top right what used to start here with
his binoculars man I'm silver Colin oh
my god I'm still recording and here are
my peaches and I'm in deals and I'm
going to sit down and to be all cozy the
other door out there
lose its money Oh Judi what you think
about starting a blog for over over 80s
calling it dude from you'd they'll have
to wait a long time
look at what some what I've waited
oh yeah hi how old are you man - how old
how old
come on tell everyone how old you are
hmm okay I'll tell you guys a thing
she's she's gonna have a birthday soon
oh yeah that's a big hint before you
have more birthday yes yeah I know what
does all anything sorry handy don't
publish it kindly don't put it on where
anywhere ah it's going on yet uh we
should start a YouTube channel Judy do
after the data stuff looks too stylish
and the good stale all the state
impaired a 5-pound primal tracky bottoms
and no I'm lying about their Mon about
yellow jumper I love it might have to
Nick it where's it from
yeah love it does your mum was a bit I
really know I really like that yellow I
do love yellow you see yeah yeah but no
but that's a really nice yellow it's not
that I thought this way with you do
myself
yeah in fluent connection in Bridgend
bear dent from Wales yeah anyway yeah on
say good night love good matter day to
Butte yes they don't really feel much
but anyway I'm in sports clothing
because we're gonna go play basketball
yeah we're warning basketball and being
a bigger my border right shut up Arthur
see if I'm any good really someone but
person Tunes up
psycho selves up one we go boiling 22
Westside cars don't reach don't jump the
hell are you saying you sound silly
so c4 with your girls don't go so indie
yeah third important right there more
days users of otter hit that bunk hi
guys
house ins chillin in the kayak looking
like a right five-year-old the other day
we bought a stags and Judy's supposed to
hide them for us to do Easter egg hunt
so we just had to hide mom and Judy's we
decide to hide it on the roof top of the
window committee they hid the egg so
mostly the one right there so let's take
the sign bit whoa
what is the finding haystack fine
mom when you looking I know you're
boiling right now oh my day so oh she's
a nice a channel cold cold cold in there
nope whoa you're like proper burden like
so burnin nice dangle now I get cold my
ankle stability cool right now you're
getting cold freezing stepping off who
can I get gold now frizzy yeah freezing
freezing raisin usually found any thank
you happy Judy where did you find it on
happy is the man on the roof you just
had chips on what was that restaurant
called life's a beach or something
life's a beach how typical anyway now if
it's just time for a sleeve basting we
leaving ray soon so keep an eye out food
for a sister twin tag with to see where
she will do turban tutorial yeah
mom let me there's Jude yeah you are
I'll just do my own video on my
Instagram yeah do it that's where you go
what are you stupid - intact okay don't
do mischief between chog Webber and
those Hasson for this understatement
mine's just took their P hours walnut
sauce is about splitting this king Gill
ready place the Queen ear fine King Year
buddy
why talking alone okay that was so lame
with the my London anyway me and you sir
you guys missed you Sofia and a half so
we just went to the candy shop you do
they can shop my no BOTS did some toffee
and and budge Cornish toffee advice
because he couldn't come here he's
working shadow pattern couldn't come
because his weight I said if you're
watching this yeah listen I've got a
message for you will say this on the
core yet so eldest on the go yeah core
yeah no ever has video back Sunday true
dude you would you like to say anything
to your to your viewers no I was just
gonna say if we wanted to go into
Holland America say hello to my friend
now forget your friend Allison listen
Allison if you're watching leave mine
alone
oh god you know anyone anyone got a name
mum garden gnome but no mum hey on
underneath no yeah i won good name
father got wobbly hood
oh the wobble that one hi guys so
luckily for you to understand toilet
which include duties things do I found a
sneaky little lipstick but I'm gonna try
yes oh by the way if you think I look
really tan just because I've got two T's
tinted moisturizer on it's the law laura
mercier one I think and it's so too dark
for me I'm too dog person how the hell
she is
that's great cuz I look good a little
eat and look what hand Hey little e dude
now go back to Kent go back to love
listed so don't mind holes in the school
so thanks for watching guys till next
time peace
this is the whole family waiting to
leave don't know why we wait in there I
searched everywhere Smita kiss to berate
the guy Kia back basically final render
what no just put my red salt under
heaven convey about socks my Red Sox a
knee-high everyone's type nice hands on
one
hi everyone okay then hey then
