so nice I can't move my neck there this
is for mr. Engel Oh little neck is nice
made a hole in my scarf yeah I do feel
like edgy Oh out appears why there would
you think it's one of those gods that
make you like not hear anything
oh let's tie it up here actually and
then actually we should double knot
because it's special
so I forgot if I did this look like a
fashion week or something people just
think wow she must work somewhere really
impartial no no you know what is I gonna
do this and to do this now
that is a fashion yo listening oh
there's a pin still in it that's
dangerous man dangerous what if I just
maybe just like hold off one of them
just flops are you sleeping uh I like
this you know they're like right back up
the lazy slumped on her jab like like
that you know those that style I like
that she's sticking out on see how that
goes you know when you wear a hat with
goth like your bun has to be so low or
non-existent here we go is that bit
better
oh now I look like a janitor be so nice
do you like that don't look like a mom
no oh that's it bully then look what
does everything's just getting messy now
oh let's try Oh me where's my grace Goff
need to fight
double-fold did a bit all right now I
could bring it around a bit like that
right I'm going to tie it like pilot
Turner what we Wow
style what you reckon I think go pull
the edges like they're suffocating my
brain that's quite good
do you like this one a lot kid what if
you saw me I don't about you'd be like
see heart
I got no forehead but I love a good
forehead and what I just like this like
that nice wrap this bit I do like the
texture of these chiffon looks you know
it's a bit laid back like the other side
but a bit more secure I just need some
more volume now let's just add another
little scarf on as if it's hair like
this is hair there's like hair right
pushing my hat to like it I think that's
kind of cool you know bit of Fringe I
should skip no no no no fringe cuz then
it gets a bit like too many things
happening I've got one question
good does your head go up that high this
just bump in the road really this is
likely a child up now this one yeah I D
like that with our and then I think you
just go like that
whatever I got a little bit it's good
like that a bit more so is it it's a
combo between that first one that we did
the tight one
I think is how do you breathe through oh
you know what's cool get the sideburns
out of this how's that look Oh where's
my sunglasses but it's too much fashion
don't you reckon oh I like it
actually if people are gonna get
offended but don't worry guys I'm half
I'm half one of you I'm half of the
other side so I could take the piss out
oh you like it just like that
what about this this fabric is so fun
it's so stiff so what could I do with
that
see this is one of those fabrics where
you can't hear can't hear I do love a
good turban I did I do though I just
know it nothing gone anyway you're
always late ever yeah but I'm not like a
good turban you know like like this I do
like that see the good thing about these
fabrics is that they keep their their
shape and you don't need any pins in
about just my like my usual this is
actually like the easiest aisle on the
planet which is like the half turban
half regular I'm just doing it to see
how I feel after trying out a few other
looks you know am I even just that with
this kind of texture scoff like I use
one pin for this this style is off I'm
just declaring the love I have for this
little that kind of thing it's so
comfortable that's the thing is so comfy
and then because you've got so much to
play with you can just like do a wrap
around
problem is though it's hard to get these
skulls they advertise it like it's this
one whether they do really bonkers love
it there's the challenge okay so what
you're gonna do is you're gonna have one
shot side while of died and you're gonna
twist this one just this T twisty twist
you keep twisting I'm not you're making
this up on the spot until it starts
going back around on itself basically
you have to make a ball out of twists ah
like that okay obviously after pin and
then on this side here and then undo the
double bring this side around the back
just tuck it in and then you can take
the end of the long one and you're gonna
go like this behind the one that you
made earlier and you're just gonna bring
it like that and then remember under the
falls of that side and in there I can't
believe you just made that was right
maybe you know I mean if you didn't want
to be so extra you don't have to have
the twirly do try some turbine looks try
some turbine service
comfortable this right he's already made
turban someone definitely from Indonesia
gave me years ago it's actually bear
comfortable unit are my buns too big
though I'm gonna have a pea head to
where all this stuff you get me
it stretches there nice nice go I'll go
on just secured on my head looks like
I've tied it
Oh what about that look that I did that
everyone loved the bear a beanie sit
loved this one I really do he loved that
this was super comfy tea though just
like that everybody's been a Nicklaus
idea now scoff the beanie I'm already
gonna make beanie scoffs that's really
comfy to this one army print
I always feel a bit weird we're an army
pretty as a Muslim at least have the
guts to do mad turban stars you know and
actually go out with them but when you
have a kids just like there
just get this one just like that like
that one use this bandana I haven't used
this bandana sit okay it's got a match
this is tan color I'm doing the tutorial
not you plunk it on the head like so and
then you take it back around like that
yeah then you twirl it around the neck
oh that looks pretty sick you know yeah
and then you take this bit you know what
this makes me look like this makes me
look like uhm Australian hijabis
Australian Lee JB's do this kind of
thing then they old time
about like that that's Australia tjb
they should have been done a like that
and then yeah see that's a nice style
look look look Oh what did you do next
video
husband stars my hijab that's nice -
look there you go well that's a nice
look guys that's elegance so I hope you
enjoyed that tutorial slash nan tutorial
and hopefully you got some inspiration
you know I hope you enjoyed that I
certainly didn't thanks for watching
until next time
