have to be quick
yeah I'm gonna use singular this is
going
funny
cha-cha-cha
so I'm gonna say amazing tool on sugar
see ya so uh Diaz got pink I like hard
pull
please zoom into that thing part 2 hours
will be men and I think I in my eyes and
they hurt like that
I shouldn't have farted on nervously hey
man with the camera stuff like a coat
check out myself - good
so we got this out pig poll pinging do
we already show people
swaying start the event went through
everything and I'm so nervous
casino because she's making me do
everything
daddy's making me do everything I'm so
scared to do everything next one or two
not yet anyway guys
Syd is hopefully gonna vlog all of this
Allegro you and he's gonna film a
property on every lovely when I'm doing
up on stage and it's more generally that
you mean to go punching each genius
worked tired as hell you can zoom in
zoom into the eye I'm gonna zoom into
that are you yours
somebody's going to sleep boy I can
message you heart Oh wife and I was all
together about 15 hours long yeah yes I
am I didn't know what day is to be on
for you okay listen girls if you have a
passion for fashion or passion for
anything else that you might like like
to cover feet for example or artists and
you want to be influential and you want
to show it your work then just go for it
put your work online and just make sure
you're yourself it simply to take
inspiration from other people but just
make sure you can take that information
and change it to make it your own
basically so you can bring your legs up
into the duality well I do believe that
success comes with hard work and
persistence and meeting yourself
definitely anonymity stuff well
basically I use I started on designing
and I created a really small limited
edition collection and one of those
pieces will get actually to auction off
the charity today so in there for that
so now I'm go back to designing and that
ready-to-wear collection will be
available in ch√¢lons in the next six
months so keep a lookout for that
I love it it's heavily inspired by
Singaporeans and into these use I'm
relating so here we have a question from
the audience so people's with might have
chubby cheeks and people whom I have all
they might think that I have a double
chin everybody thinks they have no
change I will change it up to 11
so everybody always was having chiseled
jawline if you do have a round face
loads of people make the mistake of
hitting it really tightly a big opening
underneath the chair because they think
the tighter is then the more they can
tuck in the double chin but doesn't
really work like that because the
tighter you go the more they will just
such a money the more your cheeks will
just poke out and it looks like you're a
bit like when you wear really tight
dress when it's one size too small
really like anything see demonic the
Chum spill we thank you everyone amusia
or greasy is event and with your
presence we really appreciate it very
much and thank you Nadia
the owners are ashore community remains
all the girls what I'm gonna show you so
much you guys
Cooper the Nancy Jo be a fancy cool hip
and fabulous
I'm Gary mama see you next time what's
up Gina slow how's it going
did everybody enjoy it yeah it's okay
did I make this
hi guys okay so we just finished the
event handle a went really well I hope
anyway yeah and anyway no just taking oh
yeah your photos nice you're gonna be on
YouTube
oh that this is all my good hey I didn't
see now oh that's such a cool song ah
I'll just take photos all this okay now
I'm going to take photos so till next
time keep coming
