hi guys basically I'm in such a rush
because we're going to wat Rabia and I'm
like so late cuz I go takes me like an
hour to drive or something anyway I'm
trying out a new camera today that me
and Sid bought as a vlog camera so we're
going to haul Arabia and basically it's
weird not being able to see myself at
camera go you can see a little bit of
what I'm wearing ish
anyway I'll film over there cuz I'm so
flustered okay so we are hard to do the
intro thing oh yeah we just got here
what's up we just got to the Arabia then
I'm so lying cut our way through and
film
each other yes we've got Rhema and push
laughing at us in the back no idea about
what oh that's so good you can see
everything
just waiting for DNA oh I'll fear the
decade outfit of the day guys
hi guys
look who's reunited with DM clunky the
rainbow cooler Rima tag Maury this is
this is pimping in the building build it
together everybody we just saw Jan's
amazing show
Cecily to London folks hello star
Michael terima through my casting thank
you for watching gems amazing show
oh we miss her we should reads London
and there's Olivia hi guys so
unfortunately we couldn't film that much
in the whole Arabia show because the
lighting wasn't that good and it was
difficult we have difficult seats to get
like everything you know on camera and
that Hannah were too busy socializing
for once in our lives so try to film
what the could but anyway all nada was
good really tight now got a nice fat
McDonald's boy he got on how's Fat Mike
tunnels twende with and I guess this I
guess I'll just have to do blog pictures
but more about me so listen so is gonna
go down yeah don't mind the Henry Hoover
but here we go this is my jacket I'm my
skirt drink it anyway it was asked me
about my office today and didn't tell
anyone but it is going to be inshallah
available to you guys very soon I help
all right
is this gonna come out portray on the
video then not yeah you know a so
annoying I hate with his black sides on
this anyway guys just home now I'm
wearing a hood it's - scoffs top so
sit we're just gonna relax now and not
go out for ten days or something yeah
yeah so thanks for watching guys
yeah disgusting thanks watching guys and
until next time keep it covered peace
