hi guys today's video I am sitting in a
totally different setting me and Sid are
basically in a hotel because we are in
London on a photo shoot I'll tell you a
quick funny story tonight basically I
bought a bunch of glossy ER or glossier
products to try out for you guys in a
first impressions video / tutorial that
I filmed yesterday morning before
leaving for London I've got to press the
record button so I bought the products
with me to London so that I could refilm
a video using these products it's
actually just my natural under 10
minutes everyday makeup look it's very
realistic it doesn't lie and literally
looks like skin so this is going to be
my under 10 minutes everyday natural
makeup look let's get straight into it
shall we
so the first thing I'm gonna do is use
the glossy a super pure serum this says
it is to calm breakout prone skin and
redness apply over clean face and follow
with moisturizer my nails look good
so basically when I first tried this I
was like well it doesn't feel very serum
me it's more like it feels very watery
Oh basically it just spilled all over
the bed cuz it was like don't talk about
me like that bitch anyway and I
literally just massaged right into my
face and guys I've started using an
upwards motion because this face is
starting to Sag and you need to use
upward motion to keep the jawline and
the neck and all that business really
tight alright so yeah it doesn't feel
very serum E but it really does think
it's my skin really nicely then I have
been using the ordinary natural
moisturizing cream just get a bit of
that for my daily moisturizer
anyway I'm actually gonna rub that into
my hands and do the upwards situation
again especially around this jaw and I'm
cheeks girl oh this should give me that
Botox like skin then I go ahead and I
get the glossy a stretched concealer
which is incredibly popular and I got
this in the shade medium I don't if you
can see when I'm mixing it can you see
it gets super super moist look how wet
looking it gets which I really like
because it again melts into mice
skin oh finish moisturizing me nose
anyway
the concealer fully melts into my skin
you know what I basically love about the
glossy air and the products that I've
been using it literally feels and looks
like skin and it really is that quick
kind of everyday look no one can tell
that you wearing makeup like look under
my eyes you can't even see anything I
just love it so anyway I'm putting this
concealer in all my red bits my tune and
by the way I have tested this so the
first time around
I tried this look was me attempting to
film that first impressions video that
failed because I didn't press the record
button
but since I've been trying this look
over and over again it really does take
10 minutes and under depending on what
you're doing what else you're doing like
if you're a mom and you're multitasking
then honestly might take longer but if
you let you just concentrate on your
face for 10 minutes you'll get it done
and it's such an easy look to do in the
car or on the tube or on the bus
basically a easy look to do on the go I
think cuz you really don't need to carry
around a lot of minutes I just love this
concealer guys anyway then I'm gonna go
ahead and use the glossy a perfecting
skin tint which I got in the shade
medium as well and you have to shake
this basically like a madwoman in order
for it to be working and stuff like that
basically I'm going to just squeeze it
on my forehead and dots everywhere what
I found with this is it is so
lightweight guys and I almost just
thought like if it's gonna look that
much like skin I'd rather just not wear
anything on my skin and actually just go
out with just skin
what I realized throughout the day was
that as the hours went by I sank into my
skin and just gave me this amazing glow
anyway then I'm just gonna blend all
these dots in pretty much by the way on
the bottle it says shake then smooth
over moisturized skin with fingertips
blend upward and outward for sheer
coverage and instant
junus and it really does give you that
zoomy makeup mitt if you guys know me
and used to watch my old blogs are you
always used to get these macaroons from
TK Mac look at the juin s of my face
this is actually a bit too much but just
wait and see what we do on the next step
Oh next up I take the glossy a router
powder and this is in light medium
anyway I'm putting the powder all over
my face under my totally mattifying
slightly the face because obviously that
gymnast literally looks like sweat
at this rate so you just want to mattify
it but not too much obviously by the way
this is how the inside looks is very
very controllable doesn't go everywhere
which is great next up I am going to go
ahead and do my brows using the glossy a
also incredibly popular the boy brow I
got this in brown let me just show you
how it looks cuz the brush for it is
seriously tiny and at first I was really
skeptical at how this would be different
to any other kind of eyebrow brush
because like is literally just eyebrow
brush but then I put it on and watch
basically just watch these brows ladies
okay I thought it would be too pigmented
to Brown to everything but it's perfect
oh I drink myself a little bit made a
bit of a mess there but don't worry apps
to the look doesn't it basically this
gives you instant brow fluff which is
really nice sounds gross I notice it but
everybody wants the brow fluff nowadays
didn't you know anyway look at the fluff
on this brow and the feather enos it
dries as well and it stays in place all
day I mean like it really does basically
just make your brows look thicker and
I've stopped trimming my brows so that
when I brush up I get more of a feathery
kind of brow can you see that anyway and
then I go ahead and use my YSL Couture
brow marker and I got this again em in
the shade one rather than two which is
what I used last time which is a
slightly darker and I'm just gonna
define my brows a little bit more with
this marker pretty much just at the
front
along here so that's it for the brows
then I'm gonna go ahead and use this
glossy a lid star which is basically
like a sheer cream shadow that they have
and they had loads of colors I'm
actually ordered to but they
unfortunately sent me two of the same
ones and they sent me the shade cub
she's a bit annoying because I did order
a lighter one and I wanted to do like a
darker on the lid and then going lighter
but didn't happen so anyway I'm gonna
put this all over my lid look at it did
you see that
I used the shade today on my shoe as
well now I'm gonna take my ring finger
just dab blend into the crease so it's
not harsh line and up into my brow
little bit look at the Kai's guys guys
look at this could you see the Sheerness
same on the other eye like this is what
you call easy shadow you know none of
that blending and no brushes and it I
swear to god guys it stays in all day
okay next I want to put the glossy a
halo scope highlighter on and this is in
the shade moonstone watch this
highlighter is so nice guys it's so
subtle as well by the way so if you
can't see it on camera then sorry about
that can you see oh look look my
cheekbone looks soaking wet it's great
it's quite buildable and you know what I
love guys remember I put powder all over
my face but the powder is not affected
by this cream highlight at all like you
can use the powder and then put the
liquid blusher and the liquid highlight
on top and it doesn't change the look of
your powered or anything is bloody
beautiful look at that for a highlighter
that's crazy for something so
lightweight but wait you have to get
your finger and you have to blend it in
obviously and it looks a bit like were
way too wet here but as the hours passed
and the minutes pass slightly it will
sink into your skin again and just it
literally gives you a glow from like
underneath from all the way from your
skull cheek
outward that's what that's what it does
look at it dude look at that okay next
this I am in love and it is the glossy
yay or the glossy err cloud paints and I
got this in the shade beam which is like
a nice orange coral kind of shade which
is beautiful it comes out looking so
strong on the cheek but it blends in
like nothing that's enough you have ever
seen in your life
let's blend that in look at it look look
how easy is look at the shade as well I
love this color basically I only bought
one because I was like I don't if I'm
gonna like this but I want to go back
and buy all of the cloud paint shades I
don't know how many there are but I want
it I want them all look by the way all
of the products have zero smell there's
like no smell to any of them whatsoever
okay next I'm gonna go in with the
glossy a lipstick and this is in the
shade like which is basically supposed
to give you a sheer matte finish it
looks quite dark but it doesn't come out
that dark because it's sheer so I'm just
gonna put a tiny bit on very
moisturizing by the way but again like
no smell which i think is a bit of Shea
I think they should have smells but
maybe that will affect the products that
are there the cashier is guys how nice
is buildable ooh and then I'm gonna go
ahead and put on the glossy a lip gloss
and it's a clear lip gloss and the
packaging is just perfect look at it
it's so basic but it just gives you that
satisfaction of a gloss look Allah
look at that gosh by the way it does
last quite long for glasses well and
it's not sticky it's a nice consistency
and then unfortunately they don't have a
mascara but I thankfully had my eyelash
extensions done the other day for this
shoot that we're on but normally if I
don't have eyelashes eyelash extensions
and I have my lashes lifted and then I
will just do a mascara look so I'm gonna
go ahead and just do my bottom lashes
with the benefit they're real mascara
just very lightly and then finally what
I'm gonna do is go in with my Pula
benefit to give myself a very light
contour probably isn't a better bronzer
than the benefit hoola or the NARS the
NARS bronzer
everybody loves well I finished and my
towel is filthy then I'm also just gonna
bronze my nose a little bit say a little
I mean a lot darling I don't know if
it's contouring or just bronzing up
there by my bony bits but it's doing
whatever that just did a little bit on
the chin look at that lip gloss though
and look at that highlight on my cheeks
Wow
I'd also do down my neck slightly and
then a little bit on the forehead and
that is it guys that is the final look
for my under 10 minutes every day very
natural makeup look if you guys come up
close and you can see my skin it
literally still looks like skin just
like really good-quality skin do you
think I really hope you guys like this
quick tutorial thanks for watching stay
on my next video till next time bye
