hi guys today's video is the first
session of in therapy with Deena no it's
not it's in therapy with Deena in deep
Q&A personal question format all right
enough of the eating can we come over
okay let's start off light how would you
do International Women's Day we just did
a little photo shoot in the wardrobe
wearing my own boss sweatshirt it's been
all rights over a hissy fit you had five
minutes ago it wasn't a hissy fit
I just got annoyed because you can work
that why can't I eat with my if I take
the wrapper off so it's not noisy it's
not about the wrapper oh well you eat
you know corn you wait okay what is your
all-time favorite book
although favorite is definitely the
Harry Potter books 100% kinda nice to
read those when she starts reading
before making a phone call
do you ever rehearse what you're going
to say all the time why if I'm calling a
stranger I rehearse it 100 set obviously
so know what I'm saying like if I need
to call up car insurance I need to get
my story straight first of all what's
something you're glad you'll never have
to do again something I'm glad I never
have to do again get married I'd have to
get married again hopefully a video is
social media bringing guests closer or
making everyone more isolated and alone
it's bringing everyone together on the
internet like way support and all that
but then everyone's just like home alone
on their bedrooms looking at the
internet so it's doing a bit of both
really
so do you think it's a good thing social
media is a good thing and a bad thing
there's good there's positive and
negatives to everything social media has
 tons of positives but also
 thumbs are negative but in general
I think I'd rather have social media
then not have social media obviously cuz
that's my job if you could pick one year
of your life to do over
which one would it be and why no no he
is really I don't think I did anything
he is wrong
I think no but you'd like to do over one
year I'd like to do with 2017 again
wouldn't mind do in 2017 again why
because I didn't travel enough I didn't
take as many opportunities enough wasted
time moving houses and making dumb
decisions I figure like a waste of time
into some 2017 and spent the majority of
2017 as well being really unhealthy but
everything else is all good it's all
expedients innit
are you laughing have you done like a
funny effect on my face no what is your
most treasured memory obviously when
Hannah was born it's not like one
significant picture in my head but it's
the whole phase of that in the first
that newborn week of Hannah Hannah what
is your most terrible memory probably
the time the difficulty that we kind of
went through when we were getting
married and all that stuff that you mean
you know about okay those memories
whatever those memories come up they
legit Hort
they don't want me but they make me feel
means it means that have this thing
called heavy chest they make me feel
heavy chested and everybody has a heavy
chest yeah but no one uses that phrase I
don't think when is the last time you
cried Oh in Egypt why because I was too
stressed with Hannah being ill Hannah
was so ill you weren't there
everybody was busy doing loads of their
own things and I was just there with my
ill kid so that how did you feel about
that I'm not crying
how did you feel about that when is the
last time you cried and I knew that was
gonna happen now it's a setup okay so
how did Bill Murray how did I make come
on it's the point of the question
very Christmas how did that make you
feel that that you were kinda in the way
is that what you mean you anyway how did
that make you feel you like a Bollywood
movie see my cry face oh my god okay
you're quite face is gone it just made
me feel low but I feel like this all the
time by the way even not in Egypt just
when you when you're a mom sometimes you
just feel really lonely even though
there's loads of people around you
you're such a prick I need to go out
after this yeah we will these questions
are stupid
no no no the IR no no they're not yeah I
know they are how close and warm is your
family do you feel your childhood was
happier than most other people's
childhood yeah when I think about my
childhood isn't it was just epic so much
fun so much like no worries except for
when I became a teenager obviously and
just have teenage boys but I'm young
like nine and younger we just had such a
sick life and we weren't like well we
weren't like wealthy growing up or
anything like that at all but we had a
sick life because we'd go to Egypt so we
had like our life in Egypt with our
cousins
there's just so much going on and then
we had our life in England as well
seeing Judy and not my grandparents
basically and staying down there house
we had those opportunities we did a lot
of things that loads of other kids don't
get to do I think I feel like that after
becoming an adult and meeting people and
talking about their childhood anyway
like even when I speak to you about
where you go up to I'm not really you've
never been on a quad by breath and
that's not because of wealth or anything
but you used to fly away all the time
you'd like to Pakistan or you'd fly to
America I'm like comparing okay but like
we'd fly to Egypt and it just wasn't a
thing for us to do those yeah but you
had your things that by the way there's
a big yeah be a tea do you want to get
rid of it or do you want to come
okay that's great elaborate on this
because I really want to know
hmm and it's a good question hmm if you
could change anything about the way you
were raised what would it be oh I
wouldn't want to change it because I
know I'd be a different person if I
changed this yeah for my dad to be less
strict growing up and he won't agree
with this but for him to be less strict
on me and to see and I know it was only
because we were girls which was fair
enough to everything whatever but I
wouldn't want to do that
I wouldn't want you to think the same
way with Hannah was certain things
because I think she's growing up in
different
I mean she's different she's a different
generation different social environment
I don't think it will be there will work
for her I mean at the time obviously I
wouldn't have liked the strictness and
some things by bloody works and it
helped but now it's better because we're
because he sees me I think anyway Baba
if you're watching my videos no you do
but he sees me more more more more like
a mature adult sometimes well even if he
doesn't see me like that he treats me
more like that then when he was raising
me obviously yeah I agree which is
obviously normal because he knows I've
got my own kid now and stuff like that
yeah like he said obviously gives me
advice and lectures and things like that
by the way those are people always ask
why is Baba not in my videos I've said
this so many times he doesn't simple he
doesn't want to be in my videos I've
been trying for years to get him to do
even that does my voiceover he won't do
it he won't do it maybe one miraculous
day he will and I would just love to do
a video with him but it's up to him I
can't force him can I
we have secretly filmed before but he
ever had a telling-off for that not to
be morbid but do you have a secret hunch
about how you'll die I don't have a
secret hunch like I don't have this
feeling like I'm gonna die in this way
but I think about different ways I might
die all the time and I think about the
ways that I really don't want to die one
of the ways I really don't want to die
is being murdered gosh it scares me hmm
like I don't want to die in fear that's
what it is really it's not about the
pain obviously it's about the pain but I
don't want to die in fear my biggest
fear of leaving this world if I was to
die I matter if I die next week or
something
that's it it should be the saddest thing
ever it's likely happens this is
depressing but my biggest fear would be
Hanna
who's gonna raise Hanna the way I want
her to be raised to get me he's gonna be
there to protect her me I know you'd be
there
and I keep thinking oh I'll be worried
when I'm dead and I'm like gone but
clearly you won't because you'd be busy
being dead and dealing with me after
life's tough people who aren't really
just gonna think this bitch is crazy
oh yeah so like stuff where you ought
about love look she wakes up and she's
like mama mama look she wakes up and she
comes in our bed she lets you sleep yeah
I know she goes straight to you she lets
you sleep she's in the middle of us but
she lets you sleep and she looks at me
said watches waking me up and she looks
at me then shook so you should goes wait
hermana okay Hannah's exempt from this
question okay because you know the
answer would be Hannah yeah of all the
people in your family whose death would
you find most disturbing and why imagine
they all died the same way probably mom
and then also like my two younger
brothers obviously I love to see my twin
sister but it's something you know you
mom that's less obvious is your mom
but then something about people in your
family who are younger than you imagine
pastor he was still so young like is it
because you used to take care of him
no I didn't take care of it at all but
you used to he's my younger brother he's
my baby brother here man Yusuf
they're my younger brothers last but not
least and this will apply to everyone
else if you had to write to you and
yourself what was what would you say to
yourself
carry on love you did it all good you
did all right well would you say to
everyone else then as well I would say
tell everyone just not to worry in it
everything that finds itself out
eventually it's gonna be all right baby
don't you worry about a thing do you
think you what are you talking about
have you got that much of about Miley
voice you can end a video now hope you
enjoyed me getting squirmy see you in
the next one if we do another one
chewed another one first you in therapy
with Deena that's what this was for
speed okay they'll be in therapy routine
okay see you on the next in therapy with
Deena bye what
