hi guys well feels like I haven't like
sat down spoke to Cameron ages which
happened but anyway today's video is
going to be Eid inspiration um
tutorials and it's basically going to be
just a mix of different styles that some
of you most likely would have seen
before if you've been watching my videos
for two years and but some of you
wouldn't have seen because you can't be
bothered going through all my videos etc
so I'm just putting them all together
for you very quickly and quite simply
and I'm going to start off basically
with this one over here which is a nice
flowy earring look obviously you can
change the earrings to whatever earrings
you fancy I just fancy these ones so eat
mubarak I probably won't see you on
YouTube till our age so enjoy
you
you
you
you
you
you
so that's um everything I put together
for you guys a lot of you guys would
have noticed them from before this file
I'm going on now is what used to how are
used to wear like a year in a bit ago so
they're all very similar styles are just
very slight changes for each one by
hopefully when you guys try these you
will be able to come up with your own
and your own little personal switches
and swatches and stuff here and there so
I hope that I really helped guys um
enjoy it and thanks for watching till
next time keep it covered
