hi guys okay so today's vigil I'm
finally going to do the DIY how to make
your own a bear your video I'm very
tired but I'm doing this for you guys
bear in mind are fasting and every time
I get up I feel dizzy but I am doing
anyway no just take Mel I've been joking
now this is for beginners and I mean
like beginners so if you've never seen a
sewing machine if you've never seen a
pattern if you've never even considered
making anything point in your life this
is very very beginners and it's a very
very basic arm Ave of style and but
hopefully once you've got the hang of
this which should take you the first go
then you will be able to UM try again
maybe with a few changes going a little
bit more complex with more of a style
rather than just the lip you know I make
I'm sorry it took so long but just
remember you can use this idea if I eat
if you wanted to buy tan fabric that
isn't just plain black like you would
forever you and use it to make a dress
especially if you get the hang of a
straight away and then you some people
they can just look at something and be
able to work out how to change it up
that's usually what I do but maybe once
you've done this and you look at it you
black oh maybe if I chop this bit up and
then do this I'd be able to have sleeve
here and I type it here and this and
that so hopefully you're one of those
people and you'll be able to sort
something out for yourself fade with a
nicer fabric okay one more person tells
me to take my glasses off in the
comments I will put something thank you
now I didn't take them off just then
because somebody said I'm taking mug
because they're making my face too wet
okay so let's begin shall we
okay so the first thing you're gonna
need is a fabric of your choice and a
pair of scissors as well as some needles
a pin sorry but I've got to show you
that so if you're about my height you're
going to need about three meters of the
fabric of your choice Here I am showing
you guys the width and the length of it
okay
I'm approximately 167 centimeters by the
way a so what we're going to do now is
going to fold over the length of the
fabric in half so that it's one piece
and then I'm just measuring it against
myself to see if
width is going to be wide enough to
cover my arms basically okay now we're
just folding over the width doubling
over and then we're going to place it on
the floor so that we can cut the hole
out for the head remember all of these I
haven't really taken any measurements
just estimating because I usually make
these really quickly so hopefully you
guys will be able to do the same just
laying on the floor have a little dance
in between so here we are cutting
there's my little guesstimate this is
what I usually do anyway so here we go
as you can see and we've made a hole for
your head to go through so you can see
it's coming into the shape already which
is just a big rectangle those are what
your arms are going to look like
now you're going to measure the size of
your wrist and then you're going to do
this leads so my wrist came up to about
seven inches I believe so on the actual
lab area I'm going to only measure 3.5
because remember the fabric is doubled
over anything de aqui him again so
that's what I'm doing they're measuring
it ts really you should be tacking it
all before you sew it but we're lazy so
don't worry
today I'm pinning where the measurement
was and now I'm going to do is measure
the middle section of my waist which is
hopefully going to be very small area
then I'm going to estimate it somewhere
on the waist of the Bayer and pin on
either side so if you have a lick there
I'm just estimating because the fabric
is black and we're only going to wear
this yes like total we are solving then
I'm going to use scissors and cut
alongside the length of the pin
downwards a thin hole just on the first
layer obviously of the fabric and we can
do that on the other side of the run
okay so now what we're going to do
basically is so the size of their Bayer
all the way down to the bottom and then
hopefully we're going to try and make
the hems neat by folding them over as
well as the holes we put in the waist
just folding them over double and sewing
along the edges hopefully you can see is
a little bit um not too clear but you
know hopefully you can tell yes that's
why I'm doing here and all
so being a little bit of a weirdo right
now sorry about that guys
if you don't know how to set up your
sewing machine hopefully you can get
your mom or your grandmother or your dad
to help you and set it up on a straight
stitch as well because that's the
easiest one to start with
also don't lose concentration and so
your finger either alrighty then
okay so here's me attempting a close-up
of what I mean when I say kneading up
the edges so I folded it over by like
one centimeter and then again by another
centimeter and then sewing along it okay
now all that's left to do is basically
style your I bay out and goof around
with it I've used a really chubby
Moschino or machine Oh however the hell
you pronounce it belt to really are out
the fly it's all righty then so there we
go you can obviously choose to use any
other belt here's the back of the air
barrier so it's very loose and then the
idea is free it for it to give you a
little bit of a teeny waist at the front
I will wear it for you guys and take
photos in a few days in Charlotte okay
try using different fabrics for a more
summery look if you want to make a
different a dress try of course um
different styles out as well once you've
got the hang of this and that's all guys
enjoyed that video and I hope it really
really helped you um I just want to say
is that on the lazy dog Facebook fan
page I am going to be doing a Ramadan
competition and so if you watch this
video carefully what I want you guys to
do is attempt making your own herb a it
doesn't have to be our black fabric it
can be a patterned and fabric can be
something snazzy it doesn't have to be
the same style I did it can be something
totally different and then I want you
guys to take pictures of yourselves
filing your masterpiece and with the
lazy dog off that you may have purchased
in the past or if you don't want to take
photos of yourself and put them up
online because you're not comfortable
with that then what you can do is make a
collage and if you never purchase a lazy
dog off before then you can take the
laces off pictures and put them in the
college collage of how you would style
your are they is that you may eat /
dress okay um now if you really don't
think you are going to be able to do any
of the sewing and I just not even going
to attempt it then feel free to take
part in the competition
just by styling mmm you own a baya slash
caftan slash whatever
that you already own because I don't
want anyone to you know not be able to
take part so you have until basically
the last week of Ramadan which is okay
basically you have until the twin not
hollow you have until the first of
August to enter which gives me time to
pick a winner and to get a nice I eat
goodie bag sent out to the winner okay
so that's on facebook.com forward slash
laces all online enter on there and
there are no rules other than you have
to enter and what I just said okay so
first of August good luck to everybody
and thanks for watching till next time
keep it covered
peace
