I know some of you are looking at me
right now thinking oh my god way too
much dinner but you just have to
remember sometimes too much is exactly
the right amount okay
do you realize I look like a big sweet
and you are fasting so I do apologize
for that
I don't worry about it because you know
it's day two of Ramadan
I haven't wished anybody a Ramadan
Kareem on YouTube so here I am doing it
now Ramadan Kareem see or I hope you're
fast go really well gel Africa they're
gonna be very hot right here in the UK
we have an 18 hour fast and the
weather's been absolutely freezing you
know all year and then the week Ramadan
hits bang and wants to get hot really
really hot like rude Egypt or something
so I don't know why but is very
frustrating my first day asked he wasn't
as bad as I thought but that's because I
stayed in all day I did on purpose
because you know I have to get used to
get to swing playing you know so today
I'm gonna do a June favorites the last
favorite favorites video I did was back
in March so I figured it's about time I
did another one I didn't do the monthly
because I don't have favorites monthly
anyway I pretty much use the same things
oh my god something's oh my oh my god
okay just jump straight into it then
shall we coconut oil so I'm if you guys
have been following me I don't know over
the past couple months you'd know that I
was in Egypt a few months ago and I was
raving on about coconut oil where to
find it blah blah blahs having a hard
time looking for in again like loads of
coconut oils from Egypt but they were
they were the originals they were like
oils so I came here and I went to Holden
Barrett and I found there is no on and
this is like you can use this for
cooking you can use it for eating you
can use it on your body moisturizer
anything and what happens basically is
when it gets really hot it turns into a
liquid if you guys can see in there and
then when it's cool again the
temperature it goes into a nice white
solid kind of like a thick like
moisturizing so kind of thing in you and
as soon as you dip your finger in it and
then put on your body it goes into
liquid I love it I've been using it
because you guys all know how I hate my
eye wrinkles so I've been using it
around here for my eyes and I've also
been using it as a moisturizer and on my
hair and I haven't eaten it yet because
I don't think I'd be able to stomach
that but yes I love it and the
whole tub was like 15 pounds and so far
I've had it for about two months
possibly even longer and it's still
gonna love me for absolutely ever okay
so coconut oil totally recommended by
Dina Tokyo okay my next favorite is dr.
organic bioactive skincare organic
Moroccan argan argan oil instant
tightening I serum anti-aging and I also
got this from Holland and Barrett and it
was only like eight pounds or something
and it specifically fall around the eyes
so I got it around the same time I got
the coconut oil actually I like to
switch around one night I'll use coconut
oil one night I'll use this and and I
like this because all the ingredients
are natural oils so that's why I like it
it's not all argan oil but there's of an
oil in there probably yeah so it's all
natural so I got that and that's the end
of that story
oh okay okay we'll stick to our makeup
like face stuff contech in my last
makeup tutorial video I did a tutorial
and I used in block palette and as you
can see I've used it quite a little bit
since then this is definitely a favorite
I haven't bought any any other lipsticks
since because don't really need to now
I'm wearing Engler I've got the orange
one over here with a bit of white in it
to create this shade and yeah I don't
need to buy another lipstick I just keep
mixing these basically really love it
completely worth it if you buy one pilot
by yourself as eight pound 50 if you buy
ten it's like 50 pounds or something's
to do about it
so there you go okay moving onto
fragrances I'm not really one to buy
favorites this to be honest when I use
something it's like a body spray from
boots or something like that but I don't
thing got me this um and this is a nice
perfume from what's that one called guys
like a turn like a turn look at sir look
at oh look at saying that one I like
that one very much gets rid of the boat
in the summer already this is something
I've been using for the past month and
because it's summertime all the insects
like to come into the room and freak
people out where they're not well
so I've been getting raid and spraying
it every day in my room around the
windows and their door frames and all
that stuff because I can't handle it
can't handle spiders I know right moths
Mozza easy to handle the little ones
little spiders still freak out but I can
go do it myself but there's big big
yucky ones oh if you guys know me you
know I'm absolutely terrified of spiders
I'm not just any kind of terrified like
literally if somebody was to first bite
about how hardtack literally and it
wears on some spiders but it doesn't
work on that many I know I shouldn't
kill spiders or when I'm home alone and
there's no one there to remove it with a
cup with a glass and paper I have to do
something about to speak out and I have
to know where where the spiders gone I
can't just walk out the room and then
hope it's moved somewhere I have to know
where it's gone
in case it creeps up on me again you
know I mean I my phone it's being really
rude maybe not too close just got two
more items left this is a great video
I'm not really a favorites person
because I used to shop a lot but I don't
anymore having a little lip so anyway
this jumper sorry it's the wrong way
route this sweater jumper so this one
was from Topshop it was 18 pounds and I
hate summer because I just hate it
because it's too hot and after where's
Gough and I just can't handle it but and
I also hate having to wear thin tops and
stuff I really love sweaters so I went
and got this because it's a really nice
thin sweater you probably wouldn't be
able to wear in Egypt in hot country
summers but in English summers you could
wear this with like chinos and I just
wear it whenever I can't pick you
anything else to wear over any trousers
printer trousers plain trousers anything
that's why it goes with everything and I
love it I love it I don't care I love it
and last but not least guys biggest
favorite ever really are these trainers
I know I've already shown you going but
you know I'm sorry about that I've been
eyeing up these shoes for since last oh
I don't know probably since like last
Christmas or something and I can find
them anywhere
and then my future brother-in-law
Wenning got me them
well he got the plain ones actually and
then he painted them for me and I just
loved them so much and I thought I
wouldn't be able to wear them with that
much but surprisingly they go with most
things all right in it so so yes
finished Oh might do a cookout for the
day um these rings are from Egypt um
Dabo bracelet that says my name Dena
normal gold bracelet Casio watch I'm
wearing this vintage shirt over here
which is from vintage vintage lace
dalkom some new clothes have been added
on there so go check it out also from
the lace doll are these new stripy scarf
collection which reminds you of candy
and blue and in red these are also
available on this done now and then I'm
just wearing my normal River Island
jeans I can't stand up because I'm on my
bed and this really awkward so how about
you just go to Instagram do you know
Tokyo and have a look a full outfit
instead alright in it if you would like
any Ramadan tip from me then check out
Aikido style I made a video for them
with my personal Ramadan tips go check
it out
I'll leave the link also I really want
to do some sort of like Ramadan series
during Ramadan not sure what though I
know I need to do the DIY video and I
wanted to do something like keeping up
with the tortillas or something like
that during Ramadan but I'm not sure if
I'm gonna be able to do that so leave me
loads of suggestions on what kind of
videos you would like to see during this
month don't ask for tips because I've
already done that for akela so check it
out there okay so um thanks for watching
guys until next time keep it covered
peace
