hi guys okay so in today's video I am
doing a makeup tutorial finally and this
is always requested but I tend to stay
away from mixed orioles because I'm not
a makeup artist however I did a look
probably about two months ago that I
really liked and I really enjoyed doing
on myself so I thought I would do a kind
of tutorial on how I did it and it's the
look that I've got on my face right now
and it's also the look that I did in
this pillow right now okay hopefully
it's easy for you guys to do because
it's quite simple and you don't really
need you know the all the fancy business
either to do it so there's look let's
just curl the lashes dude ah so I hope
you enjoyed the video guys and um yes
watch it now so as you can see I've done
half of my face makeup the other half
i've left completely blank there's a
difference if y'all want to see for real
there you go
so first of all let me just tell you
what I used on my face um before I
applied the makeup I used all of this
top organic Moroccan argan oil instant
tightening I serum around the eyes
okay and then I use my gorgeous
moisturizer from lush around the face
and then I used my tea tree Kona and UK
foundation I'm using is my Elam ask one
and the massacre whatever it's called
and it's the rich liquid foundation and
it's in I don't know what color but it's
pretty dark okay so what I do is I blow
on well this is what I did anyway I
blogged on on the brush and then I'm
just going to apply
lexer okay Robbie getting into my skin
so with foundation I tend not to use a
lot and I roll also rub onto my lip and
the mustache section as well as the
nursing's the drawn especially that
we're doing turban style or a bun style
scar okay and then I go over onto the
forehead with the little teeny dollop
see how small that dollop is so I'm
going into the forehead now hopefully we
won't get on to scarf one sec so it's
like I'm giving my little face a face
massage you know and I also like to go
heavily on the eyebrows because I later
fill limit arias li that's what I do
this okay make sure to put the lid on
your foundation all right and then what
I do is I get my benefit erase paste
concealer okay and they open it up like
this I grab any brush I could find I
don't know if this is a concealer brush
you can use your fingers I do that
sometimes but I couldn't bother getting
dates a dollop it in and then dab around
I section just to brighten that area an
Excel and then to further brighten this
area I get the Garnier roll on a the
four dark circle lower and I got it I
also just rub that in with my finger
there just to you know keep the
brightening yeah okay look up the
concealer okay then what I do is I go
and get my blusher to UM do the blushing
alright so this little blusher set I
have is a like a really crappy one that
really is no brand and use the kind of
ones that you get from market and with
those men that sell loads of makeup some
of them are branded some of them aren't
and it's unreal cheap I guess you can
get any kind of blush palette oh
whatever that is with different shades
what I'm going to do is go for the
really crazy dark shade now and contour
other things and this is what I did look
kind of just do it basically a line
quick a really big line from this chick
down to here
she looks very very harsh I know on to
the chin
and the jawline go on to the forehead oh
yeah and I do that and then that's what
I do and then I'll be turning to blend
so we're going to just stab it into all
of them yeah I go up okay see that yeah
to blend it a little there we go
and then with the excess all go oh and
then what I do is I go onto the orange
one and get a lot of lap on the brush
and I go right on the section when I was
out section is my step eyebrows and now
usually nowadays I use a black pencil
and fill it in very lightly but for
photoshoots etc I like to go brown and I
like to hopefully go for the fluffy kind
of look which is what I've tried to do
here you can see the difference bit more
fluffier in you know so I'm using the
brow kit from benefit there and oh great
and I'm just going to dive in I don't
know which one's powder which ones wax
I'm just going to dab in them both
really and then I'm going to fill in the
eyebrow so I like to fill in from the
bottom like this and go and slightly
lighter on the tops I haven't quite
mastered it yet but you know what I mean
and then round this front try and create
like I try to create some streaks it's
slightly fluffy surges I know this lined
I lined it aligns the eyebrow like this
and with this eyebrow look I find that
in a real life it's too much but for
photos it's fantastic think we're pretty
much done there yes we my friends are
white eyeliner pencil which is from
Primark and I just highlighted the
bottom of the brow quite a lot really
drew on there like crazy woman and then
I got my middle finger and I blended it
a I created a little highlighter on the
top and then blended it so that's that
okay on to all the nose so back to the
cheapy ah you know blusher palette and
what I did is I go on to the light color
doubled up and do line like here and the
tip over here okay then we moved on to
the eyeliner so I grabbed a Asda
eyeliner pencil which is actually the
one I also used to do my eyebrows with a
brush and what you can do is just going
to go a completely crazy panda I need a
mirror for this and just color in the
bottom of the eye the inside make sure
to get the inside completely as oil and
the corners and around the bottom
doesn't matter if it's messy at this
point at all colouring in like you've
just cried all night and then to neaten
up that's bottom liner look what we're
going to do to grab your collection mm
eyeliner liquid liner which has a lovely
pointed brush kind of thing that's going
to help you need to know and this is how
we can meet up we're going to go on the
outer corner of your eye basically draw
a line outline around what the mess that
you created earlier little bit and then
color it in over what you did and then
the inner corner you're going to go in
so go into the inner corner and
completely need to nut up
I'm starting to mess this one up very
much so
oh it leaked Oh down just good to get
rid of the bottom there oh this isn't
working out very well why don't we pull
sloth faces when we do eyeliner mascara
look why do we do that and then what we
do is we just apply mascara on the top a
lash line not on the bottom and this is
great because it really makes it look
like you have lovely long lashes when
really you don't this is false lash
telescopic I would use false lashes for
this but actually no I went because
false lashes give like kind of an
eyeliner top liner look unless you do
the individual ones but in a way I get
top of that so anyway you're going to
apply the lashes my little mirror out
again yeah so I applied lashes mascara
sorry by just going the bottom and then
just sliding it up slacking up so just
going to do that one well you know
you're going to apply it however you
apply it and then I leave it to dry and
then I put some more on
I used in the old photo was like a baby
pink kind of MAC lipstick but I'm using
my Inglot palette today and I'm going to
use the pink one here um with a little
orange as well and I just brushing it on
a really like a painting it dabbed in
the orange underneath just to brighten
up a little to match my shirt you know
welcome alright then you know what you
can do is you can stick your nose ring
it which sometimes can be a very long
procedure because it's gonna hurt up can
hurt alot and it can also fall we're
going to just do that oh look every time
I do this looks like a pic of my nose
and sometimes it falls out when I'm out
and then I have to put it back in and
everyone look at me like oh my god a
sudden
hearty Muslim picking he knows why she
doing in public eel Muslims are
disgusting
I'm not picking my nose just trying to
put my nose ring up and on but it's not
going in so I'm going to leave it and
then what I did in the look was I did
two beauty spots you know guys how I
like to do beauty spots sometimes well
for this one I did too because I'm Grady
big so all I do is I got my liquid liner
and I go right here and then next right
next to it I did an ass big fat white
there okay so it just looks like a
little boy beauty mark you know makes
you look like more beautiful okay so um
yes oh and then also what you should
really do is close your eyes and wipe
away this concealer crease mark things
if you have eyes like me that crease up
there is like Oh get set that is the
completion of Rila face in English that
means the face is complete why my
father's mmm hope you enjoyed it and
well thanks for watching also yes and
please subscribe yes do that and also
like the video if you like to likes to
liked it till next time keep a covered
