wait I'm going to do
you can't
okay okay synthetic cell
mother hi guys so we finally arrived in
guna here's our little hotel room
supposed to sleep through people but
then two beds and one sofa bed anyway
we're going to the beach now even though
we fell asleep and that was really late
now we're going to the beach and anyway
the jelly swimmer costumes for the win
yay
penguin suits and there's Hassan Cibola
anyway
see Bates darling thank you oh so we're
on a boat journey to get to the beach
which is over there I suppose
I don't know
nice and is the beach and I just thought
I'd get these two weirdos in Egyptian
men what they like to do is they like to
pose really obviously on sorry I'm going
with the cameras I don't let you select
a pose really obviously and it's really
funny okay let's have an hi guys so we
just went for a swim and I'm a little
bit orange but it's not really from a
town anyway I thought I'd show you my
outfit because I don't know if I'm gonna
be able to fit this into my holiday
lookbook video because I'm filming here
and tripod etc so anyway here's a bit
better like I'm wearing a pink
I'm scarf in a nice sort of old-school
turban look and I'm wearing these big
hoop earrings I can wear from a normal
Palestinians cough I think and then I'm
wearing this Egyptian galibi yeah which
I'm a I ripped a split in and just black
skinnies and my usual sandals so you
know straight Bedouin flexing till
mixing prints like the originals and all
that anyway yep so that's in that storm
really yeah hey guys I'd like to show
you bit of goona in the night time it's
really nice a place to come to you know
you're just walk and chill out hardly
anyone people during the war so it's
hard a people now we're walking on a
bridge mmm it's just really chilly a
nice place for honeymoon if anybody
wants to come here but I didn't have
mice well the hotels on don't you can go
to any site you know even in a family
anyway so it's really chilled out
relaxed and just to give you guys a
little um bit of info um you see me the
hotel was 100 120 pounds sterling for
three nights
oh that's chilling my guys somebody
lives here they've got a pet raccoon
look mm-hmm I'll film again in the
daytime people find it
Oh morning so we just slept
our first night in el gouna oh my god
what terrible Hey whoa
anyway and it's like seven o'clock in
the morning now we're gonna go down to
breakfast now down there okay let's go
do that there guys just sitting on the
balcony yeah having a drink for Joe
single bed Haasan's doing a revision cpu
yeah
you're backing storage easy stuff is it
Sam a backup storage ah hi guys on the
way to the beach just thought I'd show
you what i'm wearing over the top of the
hijab' swimming costume cuz why not and
just chilling in the building in the way
link hi guys here's the belly on look at
the beautiful view look at the is a sea
mode this is Lou hi guys so you know
when people go on holiday like non-high
Jeffy's and then they take those really
nice photos of them like laying down and
you can see the stomach here and instead
for EVP and the sexy legs well here's my
photo version of that and then the girl
photos like this and it's like majorly
tanned legs and then them have like that
yeah well you can see all mine on
Instagram okay
yes farm boy same fam did I get a river
town check out the check out the hands
tiny tan kind of denied hasn't got
caught a bit of time
well imagine today has anyway now we're
gonna go to where I will take marina and
enable take marina we're gonna get some
marina know what we're gonna do which
could eat more need no anyways you like
it's the red ombre to the white on red
on rice gone for morning hassles make
sure you subscribe to my channel
no don't subscribe because you yeah hey
guys what up my told of me in it yeah
it's a video yeah it's all of me yeah
nor cares about you walking on them a
man named six or to look black hi guys
so basically we're about to get on the
six up here
like a place this is guna marina just
for the shot there's a Beethoven dog
over there somewhere
sparking but we're not allowed to see it
mama let's go Sarah
my mate won't let us learn Hasson car
departure plans I got a parrot up hi
guys Dave three in Laguna our last text
were leaving anyway now we're going for
breakfast so woo didn't really get down
on the face the water strain the check
my teacher says I am French Connection
so this is what happens after we go for
a morning walk just slump on the bed
relax for a bit because it's a tie ring
I send laying down chilling out things
are just flying from the balcony now
we're gonna get dressed and go
soul-winning guys don't get up they
attend Daggett's here oh oh oh so you
get soaked like this what we look like
yeah absolutely horrific basically grew
up to here this has that look has it had
a soccer face dude a soccer player Wow
you think I'm a lamb ping pong Vaughn
big women a jet ski once
you can ingest me anyway there's the
water guide what did happen
that's the gorgeous border and all the
villas hum but I know all the sounds
gonna stick with us idiot oh hi guys
okay so it's our last night in guna and
basically we are going out for dinner we
can have some group Greek food and
Marmon hasn't happen to me for sure
there should get it again these random
things hanging here are asking questions
so you can let me show you of you
there's my view right over there so
that's it guys
oh my laughing basically now we're gonna
go on this taking little photos of
myself and whoa whoa
and oh let me show the outfit us my mess
suitcase these trousers um if you
remember them they're from they look
book and you can watch my whole day
holiday lookbook which will be out in
about wanted oh maybe two weeks where
these this outfit will also be in it but
we're okay
hi guys okay basically I had to change
my outfit because this was just felt
really uncomfortable because I thought I
felt we I thought look really fat fat
and have some happen six foot of them
from Hine I'm like oh my god is that
look like you guys over there and then
he talked anyway so then I have to
change and then now we're basically
gonna go out to dinner and I'll take
photos but I didn't film this in holiday
look but I well three months nothing is
my photographer for this holiday even
though we haven't really used the good
camera for photos just use the iPhone
it's a combo Birdman
anyway there's a doubly path to walk in
and then bring in a world pending we're
gonna go this is lovely guna just love
it
like imagine living here be amazing if
we lives here oh god that would be the
life does the camera hair Hasson where
heavy fun
suck it up suck up cuz subscribe to my
channel dice hey guys remember that
raccoon in the night-time well here he
is in the daytime look if I just keep
the camera steady seen v√≠ctimas lip
jumping almost kept them as a pet in it
I wish I could zoom on the iPhone I
can't do without bone
what do you do do you think now
doesn't help Nick he's lovely like a ham
stoke it trust me trust now you do
nothing a video oh hi guys so this is
our last month on guna and it's like six
seven in the morning and look at my
nails horrific or what but I had
pedicure
I had pedicure for the first time in 20
almost 24 years I have somebody pamper
my feet anyway so we're about to get on
a bus journey and I can't wait can you
wait Hassen yeah so that's the end of
that video guys all the light amazing
cuz I got an iPhone 5 fan anyway his
hasn't vlogging for his blog check out
on his channel your phone in has
unfortunately he's logging on a football
I'm vlogging our Apple fam thank you
anyway
so basically and at the end of that is
your guys I'm to say my outro hope you
enjoyed that little vlog guys and guna
until next time keep covered
