 educate guys walking
down voltage on the therapy gamma passed
 down the third okay Marcus coming
yes hi guys
don't know it anyway in Egypt just go he
sa HMDA left days the first day his
Hasson reunited with lovely house he was
hi said in Java look he had a haircut
and everything and he's fresh looking
like Bieber anyway so basically we just
came back from the vets and we have to
take the caps there and basically the
cats are they've been microchip because
we want to try and bring them back to
the UK however that might not be
possible so we may need somebody to give
them a new home so if you feel like you
are a cat lover um and obviously you
live in Egypt you have to live in you do
and you're not just gonna throw them out
when you're fed up with them and you're
ready to deal with the hair of cats you
know not just their lovely cats with
great personalities in they're very
friendly but there's a lot of poo behind
the scenes along it obviously in the cat
toilet and a lot of you know like hair
you have to brush off and you have to be
prepared to be in contact with me for
the rest of the cat's lives to let me
know what's going on with them also I
have son and my mum because we are big
cat lovers so um we want to take them
back to Cardiff but if there is a lovely
home for them in Egypt then we will
leave them in Egypt where they're
comfortable and where we know that
they're going to be loved
I accept your stuff in a sincere so in
short go get a solution
Tati's so anyway there's sushi
seven-year-old woman and then there's
good eater who's um one-year-old there
before taking you there but they both
been spaded and newt it they both been
spayed and neutered so slitter new take
my praise they can't have babies as i've
had with the injections and all the good
stuff so you don't need to worry about
any of those expenses go to the cat
sushi sushi the bags you dishes a lot
friendlier but she just has you know
injections of stuff it is sushi okay but
it's easy anyway she's bit annoyed
because you know she's not warming to
stuff now where's good eats
anyway go teachers hilarious and stuff
anyway like my scarf is the lace
Delambre um coral one which will be back
soon and slide get that in there while
we're waiting for gordito to come who
would like to see daily egypt videos now
they could be daily videos anything from
vlogs there then is going off santa
coloma me
corner there then boom Oh quick quick
quick his goodies now he is just a great
big he's not used to me yet there's the
first time I met him he's a great big
gorilla of a cat look at him he's like
The Lion King over jnana Kenya anyway
there he is
go detail chamcham I wanted to see the
Chairman face oh yeah look how big he is
mashallah but they're lovely gentle cat
they'll sleep next to in the night and
they'll wake you up and everything so
let me know if you're in genuine cat
love it anyway sit down Hassan that's
not my watch I'll get it I was lying
anyway um so we'll wait for hassel
acrylic trendy as to his outfit but
anyway you'll see daily vlogs and
shuttle off if not daily then a lot so
anyway
see you next time let me know about the
cats if you're genuinely serious of
course what you'd have to do is you have
to come over and we'd have to see what
you like with the cats and then decide
if you're going to be able to take care
and we all will also probably have to
come over your house to see if your
parents are happy with keeping the cats
and if they know about it thanks
watching guys see you tomorrow
insha'Allah and till next time can come
in peace just one more thing the cat's
can't be split up whoever takes them has
to take both and you can never split
them up please because sushi will die
without the Sun and Khadijah will die
without his mum simple of that alrighty
then toodaloo see what I mean goes here
sushi and there's a toilet so you'd have
to have you'd have to have a big cat
litter and you have to change it every
time to put all every few times they do
their sushi and what she's pitiful and
we'll just go outside now go look for a
good deed though God date oh where is
the cat where's good eater oh my god
where's burrito
he's not here
I'll go look for him I think with the
cats you can't know in Egypt because
they'll just escape and they'll probably
get butt raped by big faux cats in Egypt
streets so I'm just gonna go look for
Granito to show you guys all really good
so anyway can't find gordito so I guess
it'll film what we find him what we
found gordito so he's just a bit scared
of me really because this is the first
time I've met him because I wasn't there
there when he was born
anyway he's just hiding under the
Kennebec the kind of that means the
couch or s'ti I think I don't know so
anyway that's enough filming for today I
suppose my film bit late say if I see my
cousins you can say hello to them mm-hmm
hi guys meet my cousin Sam Soon so me
Samuel okay yeah hi hi guys eskalene
laachraoui oh hi you early home auntie
auntie cam sana play and I her Jonny
Kinsella an advocate so let's a wash
really no less eating it let's watch I
mean sana oh one and eat a letter where
she said well that's a nun dude come on
hey he's come a star show you idiot he's
on 13 what's yeah yeah yeah how about
super star Krishna I doesn't assume
we've gotten crazy guys don't worry
about it
Hudson is hey we're gonna go downtown
now probably take a few photos so I'll
put them online you can say and stuff
yeah boys do me well am ia commitment
cynic man aleyk√ºm selam
okay
