hi guys okay so today's video is going
to be to the jet tutorials perfect for
um well no actually one is perfect
summer and then there's this tutorial
I'm gonna do which is the kind of
crisscross side-swept kind of look which
is really girly and really feminine and
I've been doing it quite a lot lately
because you know outfit about the time
so the crisscross hijab style has been
around for ages I first did it back in
the days but I've only ever done it on a
bun style not on my full kind of style
so um if you want to have a look at
those photos you can go I'm doing Tokyo
Facebook and have a look maybe like the
second photo I uploaded about four years
ago anyway so uh what else is gonna say
yes so there's so I'm gonna do this
tutorial but the one I'm going to do
before this one is um
kind of like a friendly summer one and
hopefully with both of them you are
going to be able to come up with loads
of different styles and that will be
suitable for you also and stuff like
that so you don't have to imitate them
exactly just you know wow that is so
cool
I look like one of those dragons like in
Jurassic Park yeah anyway so basically
yeah hopefully this will just help you
guys get your own ideas and try out
things as well what else was I gonna say
uh yeah don't mind the eyebrows you know
when you make a mistake then you have to
keep going to Alchemist take and then
they kind of get a bit messy but you can
well change anyway uh no almost
experiencing a bit of a spot dilemma in
the eyebrow too little bit awkward
because I highly specific rid of that
now one thing I will have to warn you
before trying out this particular style
is that the thread of the scarf may get
an eye and cause I watering so awkward
anyway but of course you can alter the
criss cross as much as you like do what
you like with it you know so you can see
everything for anyway Oh Freddy my bad
idea bad goal don't wanna Deena oh it's
out set spot oh that's a bit at home
okay so enjoy this tutorial guys um and
yeah fine okay guys so the first thing
that you can do for this tutorial and
this is the one that is just better for
summer because there's not so much
folding and stuff going on one second so
basically what you can do is you've got
your long scarf on the head okay you're
going to have one short side and one
long side
okie dokie and then what you can do is
you're gonna go grab the back of the
scarf so if I just grab the back of mine
here it is okay
and you're just gonna hiccup you're just
gonna wring it over like so so you've
got double layer okay double leg galore
okay what you can do is you can share
buns up if you like and just have a bit
of flow eNOS but what I'm going to do is
cover lebanner and I'll sort it out
round the face oh you like it what you
want to do is you want to grab a pin one
ugly pincushion this pincushion has been
passed down generations to generations
it was well into two generations it was
my grandmother's and then it was my
mom's and that was my okay so anyway you
gonna cobble little safety pins gonna
pin out you can get the notes knack pins
or you can get the MN and beauty
magnetic pins so you don't ruin your
scarf exotrol but I usually just go for
any pan and all of my scores are
investor anyway I saw turn around the
face you know what business and then
this second layer over here you're just
gonna well I like to just leave it leave
it are flowing a little okay then all
you're gonna do is you're going to grab
this long side over here now you can
either I don't you can see but you can
either just you know grab this section
and bring around your neck like this
okay so let me remove this decorative
stops okay and then obviously it looks a
bit nursing so what you're gonna do just
twirl it is swell a little twirly whirly
so you know you can have a second layer
to be quite flowy um you know pin of a
hairpin over here and bring it back a
little bit and you know create some
layers very subtle layers obviously the
cuff don't want big elephant or you can
bring the layer to make it look like the
whole scarf is just one layer by tucking
in on the sides like so um you can bring
this further down so it's looser um but
I think tighter is nicer so you can show
the necklace
and then I'm just going to bring my
decorative scarf and put it back right
on my neck again
Wow and what you could also do is unpin
here add a few earrings you know
whatever you fancy keep it nice and cute
and very summer friendly because there
are no pins and well there are no extra
pins and layers etc so that's the first
tutorial guys very simple I will be
rocking this look next week in Egypt a
lot insha'Allah because it's going to be
quite hot there and I want to be
comfortable okay so on to the next
tutorial okay so I don't know I didn't
think of zooming out slightly further
back for the other tutorial but don't
worry did it now anyway for this
tutorial is pretty much what I've done
in the majority of my tutorials where we
tie and we tie over here over here but
we just do a few adjustments at the
front for the criss crossing and now I
would just like to point out is that the
slide I have right now it's quite nice
and it's a very Indonesian style where
you basically just place the scarf on
your head pin it a little Oh or bring
this side flick let flow um I was very
very very summery also so so it's very
similar to the soil I just did also um
except I didn't pin it so there you go
so what we've done is actually kept the
double layer so that's fine um now for
this one what you're gonna have to do is
just pin the first layer underneath and
what you're going to do is you're going
to do the usual where you bring this
section and you pin up here just use two
pins you can use one two
whatever you're comfortable with depends
what you're doing as well I find this
style is really great for when you're on
roller coasters because there's no way
it's gonna fall off because the pins is
pinned to your scrunchie underneath so
it's just not gonna fall off your scarf
will not fall off I've been on a roller
coaster ride
upside down with list this technique and
my scarf is still spic and span
once I'm done anyway now what you can do
is again the usual so you've got this
section where you can just fill this
over the hill or you don't have to do
this false you don't have to fold it
outwards you can fold it inwards
also it's depends on how many lays and
fold you want but I tend to just do it
this way so anyway you're going to bring
that around lucky usual like a normal
like
usual okay anyway now what you can do is
you're gonna see this but see this this
is the second layer remember first layer
second layer is all over here so what
you do is pull it out as much as you can
and then you're gonna pull this side
back over here then just keep this bit
loose and turn out a little cuz I think
that's really pretty
gonna bring that the wrap over bit over
the second layer tuck it in like so and
pin don't put in mouth I tell you this a
hundred times do not do it okay yuck
haven't watched us golf in a while you
know so now we're pinning we're here
we've hidden that second layer remember
gonna pin over here and one final film
you don't have to pin you don't have to
do all these fins but it's like I said
you know up to you so no I'm not happy
with this section so I'm gonna unpin it
and I'm going to open it out like this
okay and then I'm going to pin it so
there we go that's the crisscross look
guys hope you've enjoyed that and there
are many ways to do the crisscross but I
find that this is the most comfortable
because if I decided I want Chrissy
crosstie anymore I can just unpin from
here and bring the full thingy forward
um and just have my not with a jet cell
anyway and if it starts irritating you
just pull it Luke so it's like stuff
okay so um that's the look guys hope
you've enjoyed it
um thanks for watching and until next
time keep covered please
