hi guys okay so this is my video on what
to wear for office you know interviews
jobs that kind of thing and as you can
see I'm in a few different corners of
the tiny box room because I'm trying to
get a good angle for you guys and good
lighting so let me know which is the
best obviously this one is but this is a
bit weird and it's a bit fuzzy
anyway I'm wearing a blue ombre scarf
from ladle on line I've got a lovely
oversized batwing top on which is made
by me my bag is a comer number one from
TK Maxx and I'm wearing a long shirt
underneath which is new look and normal
black skinny jeans from H&M and peacocks
heels and a little necklace which you
will see now blue yes from forever 21
um and there is again and we got jazz
hands to finish this look is for the
ladies you like wearing the skirt um I
was just wearing maybe a more fluid but
I didn't have one except for like a
see-through one on it could be bother
doing Charles and please to the fealty
factor there but anyway um blazer is
over amber skirt skirt is forever 21
don't mind the no shoes look can be
bother pin those on either by which
suggest black to the tubes get um scarf
around neck is charity shop and glasses
are on to the street
so just remember guys we're trying to
make it look a bit simple because you
are going to work um so yeah okay here
we have to put you two standard black
and white outfit which anyone can figure
out the shirt I'm wearing is a vintage
vintage lazy dull one and the clutch I'm
using is you know your work folder for
Egypt and the trousers are I believe
Zara which are my sisters
the shoes are silky Fox and the scarf
style is different but you know it's one
of my really old one
on my channel and here's me just doing a
bit of acting and telling someone off as
if I'm a big boss you know in a work
place kind of thingy okay so it's very
important to remember that if you're
going to go for a look like this
um do I earn your trousers because
obviously I haven't that's terrible if I
was to go to work looking like that I'm
pretty sure that would be the last thing
I go to wear okay so the scarf is lazy
though the god that's blue isn't it
anyway the little kind of waterfall
jacket is a gift from Indonesia a corps
member which boutique so please tell me
whoever you are the trousers are for a
vintage Nick for my sister's wardrobe
clutch baggage charity shop and there's
a vintage scoff tied to it for a lovely
effect and the shoes are the same ones
from people again I've kept the
accessory minimal and I have done my
scrap a little bit differently it's a
bit of a crisscross so if you would like
to toriel then comment below it's
similar to my usual ones but it is
obviously quietly different oh yes you
can take the jacket out the top and
where it normally to last but not least
ladies we've got what I called the
lawyer look and because basically my
sister is a trainee solicitor and this
is what she wears to work laser things
Laura however I would tuck the blouse in
I just didn't feel like getting my
crotch out but there you go
anyway um Zara laser same shirt from
British vintage and just some nice um
boot cuts small weight trousers I think
I'm Topshop and then I've just done the
turban very nicely and neatly as well
quite a nice fitted smart look very very
formal obviously took the shirt in and
then use a clutch bag or office bag um
yeah so thanks for watching guys and for
next time covered
