recording hi guys so hello we are in the
car and we are going to super we are in
the car and we are going so far
oh no no no no we're going to be an
elite corps wall to visit my grandmother
Yusuf what's your problem
Oh to visit the grandmother Judith so
we're gonna do log of the day and night
on the next day there so enjoy that and
see you in the next clipper clipping
nice boom
so we finally arrived in LaBute and here
is there's you there his Judy's daffodil
now Judy needs to come here because two
seas they asked often and I'll dam down
down over here please yeah here over
there cover oh yeah oh we're gonna have
chicken tonight Joe comes on I look
anyway look at these cups oh here we go
Judy's gonna demonstrate look at those
Circle Cup they don't fall up a little
bit of fall was amazing well mazing
anyway here's my reflection math sucks
math sucks math sucks oh good and
there's the lake outside
Judy's hey it's a canals let me show you
that tomorrow in the day like that i
think judy judy judy oh she's got puma
on bit puma advertising I'll write it
ton big dinner
hi guys when I get married my bouquets
gonna be this big okay announce my
outfit for today
where's that you will nice or a cardigan
from the sale several years again Laura
Ashley top it is sale very expensive
Johnny
here the hell is he or juggling curious
people go and pasture the lake ha
so guys that's what we're going to glue
so anyway ok have a look off it do to
check out trendy Judy do do not see your
first thing please
this is for a live I'm going to steal it
yes I am chap trailers to see the
skipping alarmgrid me in my normal
trainers I forgot to bring my New
Balance I should have bought them really
but they're too nice beard really there
used to be not trended in there and that
now they like really retro sir yeah it's
an old vintage bait turn to eat the food
yeah my tempers to see you give it to
ya' me face use of yummy face hey wait
oh hi dude just wonderful oh that's ok
yourself you blonde lady de doo dee dee
dee
I'm in focus darling show us your room
gone shows the roses in the room this is
basically you cut if you're a tall
person don't even try and get in this
room this is my favorite part of the
room this section rat here let's show
you a swag this is my PJs wag hold on
let's make sure it feels come on I have
my hands on and who did and flowers oh
that's what my wedding bouquet should
look like
hey rocking horse
hey Rocky alright this is where she gets
ready in the morning to make all her
beautiful nurse and a egg she built a
fan she at lovely cushions the size of a
Giants because who needs that
I'm going to take photos now oh this is
Judy after just having a pee fantastic
Oh a in Judy's kitchen searching feast
eggs cause it's Sunday oh she's English
oh she's hidden next room so they can be
one tiny cream address bar to share over
and there's TC searching teas where I
set my like you so found buzzzz Wow
I guess we need oh there's one inch
Kabaddi that was before I knew only they
taste lovely once for Paul Deena I'm
living up there Paul I have the whole
doubles video yeah oh hi guys okay we're
did you mean the bank computing is like
a tapas bar are we gonna have to happen
and who's Judy
and here am i with my blankie to have
multiple because that's what they offer
here and also here's to see with her
blanket and hot water bottle without
elderflower and there's fluffing okay
how cool is that yes you're going to
have food now so tablet anyway so often
mess if it doesn't matter
slightly well okay so basically that's
pretty much the end of my beautiful ox
no it's not yeah it's the end of my
beauty blog so um hope you've enjoyed it
guys and till next time keep it covered
peace Ron dealin
