Yussef just trying to fix my tripod why
do you say oh it's filming another ha ha
I can't seem to sort out the focus so if
you don't have to do that please tell me
because I'm got clue right what are you
going to need first of all is a whole
bunch of pins so you can't see them
because the focus but they are just
normal line dressmaking pins okay and
I've just pinned a whole bunch over here
onto my jumper for easy access but what
you're going to do is you are going to
get your fabric lengthways and you have
to choose a fabric that's got a decent
width so one meter or or um one meter or
or one meter or more because that's
basically gonna be the length of your
skirt this right over here okay bring it
up onto your waist then you're quite
simply going to start pleating it see
what I'm doing there so it didn't click
okay there we have one plate then we're
going to bring another plate it's up to
you to decide how wide you want the
pleats or how small you want their ball
and so basically I'm going to do them
quite close together like so so you
could do them quite far apart from each
other like that but I'm going to keep
them quite close because it gives the
skirt more of it rah-rah-rah pin every
two three pleats I suppose depending on
how close they are to each other so
there we go that's me pinning three
please okay then going to keep doing it
you're gonna keep doing it basically I'm
pleased to get across the whole length
of the skirt so I'm going to actually
sit down and do that on the floor and
film without talking because it's
getting confusing using this camera so
please bear with me
how does upper body
so you told me do a little bit of
pleating there every now and then what
you should do is just stop after you've
done a bit of pleating and just put it
around your waist and see how much more
beating you need to do before it fits
you so I'm just gonna do that now I just
adjust this friggin camera to get my
waist down can't use it anymore
understand it this is where I started
pleating and here's where I ended
so I've done about half of my waist so
I'm gonna keep doing I'm gonna keep on
pleating until basically I complete my
full waist and then just cut the excess
off
so I've pleated the whole length of the
fabric that I had so there you go right
now it just looks like an X X X X a
large skirt can't you see but if you do
find that every now and then when you
measure it around your waist that you
actually doesn't fit around your waist
and because you've done a lot of pleats
accepter so therefore shorten the fabric
a lot then all you need to do is widen
the police out a little bit or don't
pleat the ends until it basically fits
around you and then all you can do is
you're gonna um basically get onto a
sewing machine and do a straight stitch
all the way down where the pins are like
a so um so I'm gonna try and get that on
camera for you
so machines over there wish me luck with
that and just as you're going along what
you would probably want to do is take
the pins out at the same time or
actually now better leave them in yeah
just leave them in for now ever so sorry
guys I have to run down and empty the
memory card because it's not in a space
and then start again
what is one having professional camera
we have to run around every two minutes
on the iPhone you just press record
and you're done hair anyway here we go
I've sewed all the pleats done to the
lawn time I'm on and what I'm gonna do
is just put on my way to double-check
that fits a little bit big but it
doesn't matter because what we can do
now is fold these ends and stick a zip
right in the middle and then sew the
rest of the skirt all the way down so
it's tomorrow da probably yes yes
probably yes any guys hope you I just
want to know bla bla bla
okay here we go here's what we gonna do
are you ready you're gonna need your
pins again
so you're going to
Josep over here like so she's gonna fold
this this little little plate over here
you see that and it's gonna go just open
the zip up to make it easier for you
what you can do bring about pay I
suppose you know you want it to be tidy
and then what you can do just gonna pin
all the way down okay somebody said to
food somebody know what she do with what
she is doing
Yolo Yolo yeah come on anyways I can't I
can't handle it I can't I'm trying to
film that funny dude
okay darlings Here I am just sewing the
zip as you can see right over here can
you see there's that side now I'm just
gonna show the other side onto there and
then I'll be back once that's done
alrighty then
okay ladies here we have successfully
sewed in Liz if it's a little bit messy
wonky but that's what happens when you
rush now just imagine trying to do this
20 slightly up trying to make this get
in maybe a nicer fabric something silky
and taking your time with it then it'll
probably come out really really nice
okay um what you can also do with the
top this part over here which is
something that I love doing is sew it
sew the seam further down so what you
have is a waistline and then essentially
some nice little kind of like pleating
up around the waist which is also a
lovely design if that makes any sense
um okay now all that's left to do is see
this opening we have here the zip is
turn the skirt inside out and sew all
the way down to the bottoms so here's
the skinny side out here's where the zip
is so now all you're gonna do is you're
gonna grab these two ends over here see
that and we're basically going to sew
all the way down the length of the skirt
okay
so then the two ends should meet at the
end there you go Faiza his zip so
there's the zip and there's the end
that's what you're gonna do then that
will basically be the end of making the
skirt and then if you want right at the
bottom of the skirt you can sew the
seams also I'm just going to leave them
because there's no threading there and
of course if the skirt is too long then
trim it so over
and that kind of thing depends how long
do you want it but that's all that's
left to do so I'm going to go ahead and
do that and then I'm going to wear the
skirt and show you okay so hopefully
that's helped be back in two delune
but I do go ahead and wear the skirt
just want to show you what it looks like
once you are done a little bit like that
it might look really big but you will be
surprised at how big your waist can be
and if it does end up being a little bit
too big then all you have to do is take
in a little bit more at the size of the
zips or essentially what you could do is
just add some more pleats here and there
and just sew them over and you'll be
done so now to style it oh it's getting
dark so I must be quickly so I'm just
here to tell you guys how I've styled
the skirt I'm wearing a bright blue
ombre scarf and lays all online which
will be on the site I've got this
medallion necklace which is from forever
I've got Inglot nails in blue um if you
wanna know what Inglot is then watch my
latest then watch my favorites video to
find out and I've just got this cuff
bracelet which I have no idea where it's
from I've got mr. Michael wand on the
wrist a lot this black jumper which is
from H&M a little crop top and I'm
wearing it um back to front just because
it's better that way and then underneath
I'm wearing a crisp white shirt which I
believe is my sister's and she wears it
to work so shh about that and then if I
just show you the skirt what I'm gonna
have to do is then no sorry I'm zoomed
out as much as I can just have to go
down a little bit well if you can see
but now it is with this outfit I do is
add these shoes on and I think this
outfit is pretty much perfect for if
you're going to go I don't know to a
nice event in the evening kind of for
spring that kind of thing not really
going to wear shoes like this on the
daily are you I hope you guys have
enjoyed that video and hopefully it's
helped you um with a bit of sewing and I
remember this was not the ideal way to
make a scare place most definitely the
easiest way and especially if you've
never come across a paper pattern before
you have no idea what you doing because
it can be quite confusing sometimes so
um just remember obviously to adjust the
length etc depending on your height and
that kind of thing so head over two days
of dull calm to check out pictures of
the outfit as well as photos of possibly
another way to style it if I get time
and um battery is going also checkout
lasercom for the scoffs I've been
wearing in this figure and I'll see you
on my next video
like this so I will see you in my next
video and thank you for watching guys
til next I keep it
