hi guys what's up howdy how are you
doing
beep anyway I thought I would film kind
of like a vlog video of nothing in
particular just just a vlog of things
that happen daily I suppose
and I'll probably film for about a week
or so then put all together and upload
it for YouTube why not you know have
done a vlog in a while there's nothing
really talked about so I'm just going to
do life stuff so the first vlog is
something that I just kicked about and
that is basically and my left eye over
here I think has conjunctivitis because
it keeps watering every like no
exaggeration will lie like every one
minute or so water is like crazy then
runs down my face
the only time doesn't is when I'm
sleeping but then it probably does just
has nowhere to go and then when I wake
up is all like nasty ass mucus mucus
stuff in the corners so I think it's
conductive itis and so if there's any
doctors out there you know let me know
because I can't be bothered go into that
surgery because god I have many years of
hamdulillah and all that so yeah that's
my first vlog post and today is I'm
gonna spend the whole day going around
possible wedding venues and picking a
place shot law so wish me luck on there
and I guess I'll see you tomorrow for
tomorrow's little Bloggie vlog e blog
blog blog and that's at the end of that
story so see tomorrow I'll make it
tonight another cat get another one of
my video it's not my cat it's my friend
Bloodless cup I mean we just taking care
of it for a bit might even did have to
keep her to be honest so sorry about
that rod or Kitty's a bit of rubbish
name it rolled out quiz yeah yeah
where's y'all I said okay hey hi guys so
basically today is my last night in
London from you're at Cardiff in his
Dalia one of my housemates
who's also must really I miss her so
much yeah right consumer Surya sir
hey maestro ya ayyuha vulcanic so her
best can't fit in her anyway so we can
Sanders so bye-bye
hi guys so here's to her mr. Lonnie
probably the last time your season
Abijah together in a few weeks until I
actually come back to her for a few
weeks for a few weeks and there's daily
again to join my jumper half Gibson oh
let's get more edgy upper back it's so
hot it's polka dot you can't musi all
emotional box American Luffy anything
and I'm just wearing her hoodie right
now which is um it says chick with rains
bra and I'm with one of those you know
not so basically but at the end of that
story
I thought so bye
hi guys so I just have a quick outfit of
the day is this little Auggie I'm doing
oh nothing too special just my normal
bubble tassels gone my vintage clothes
my vintage dress which is from lays down
online you can see it can't really see
but um let me see here's the dress and
here is legends new shoes shoes though
and that's basically it so I'll see you
in the next little clip whispers the cat
in my life
his name is Mimi I caught him teddy
because he looks like another cut called
Teddy's I know and there is bye bye
meanie what stupid name for a boy how
fight is this guy compared to the other
one
compared to Kitty bloody beautiful whoa
isn't Lisa huh so that's here to BARC on
film because she's in her sexy pajamas
for Lily Lily hi guys
and I'm just in outdoor gym thought I'd
show you the outdoor gym outdoor
treadmill outdoor love business over
there you see it Yousuf Yousuf working
out we're used to working out hard cool
water good user whoa
anyway food is its added us outdoor gyms
so anyway that's that Oh basketball
anyway do you like my trainers because I
put them in the wash and I wash them
whoa yep
hi guys okay so basically I need some
favors and I have a look at some wedding
venues today and you know getting few
ideas here and there but I need somebody
who's like a student videographer or
something too
do me a favor favor and film my wedding
and well you get to use it as your
portfolio and you'll get a bit of cash
and whatever us we might want to
negotiate to throw in there so any of
you student video people let me know
because I've already got photographer
but a video person puts a video person
would be great and anybody who can do
other cool things for weddings glad I
really have a clue how to plan a wedding
because I'm planning my own wedding
obviously me and my fields are coming
together so we want to try and do things
quite quirky and cool so we need loads
of ideas and loads of help of you guys
so anyway email me aunt in Tokyo
gmail.com if you can be of some sort of
assistance for a good price
okay I like hi guys so don't offend if
you know but I moved back to Cardiff two
days ago and I finally settled in my new
/ old room and it basically looks like
my London room but a lot smaller and
then they're supposed to be flowers in
there I didn't if any of you can notice
but there's actually a cat behind the
curtain and she's called kitty what's
that name I know and then um just got
the business usual deodorants all slip
obviously shells and then I'm sitting on
bed anyway that's boring um I'm eating
the famous core that's high whoa
Instagram the other day and youtubers
are actually it's just going Chris she
was going crazy min ago and she's not
not come on okay go well baby come on
Habibi go crazy no mom I'm um I know
she's gonna scratch me cuz I'm a big
scaredy-cat Eloy yeah I am we have a
text well yeah I love cats by can pick
them up anyway my nope hello bye-bye Hey
oh look looks dude they love when cats
go crazy like up
hi guys just driving do you like my coat
you can t see it I was a fiber from a
charity shop as usual because I stopped
the charity shop for their pin and all
ah we just turned fun down Oh
anyway um today I'm moving today is my
moving day from London to kayo deed so
going back to London I mean what going
back to Cardiff hello and this is this
little clip is gonna go in my vlog may
also go on look eeek well do another
kick now actually cuz I'm obsessed with
social networking our night yeah by the
way guys who likes unica Ãºnica it's like
an Outlook chocalate I don't know if
it's Lebanese I think it's Lebanese my
Lebanese friend Tommy's Lebanese are
done of his Lebanese or if it's not
Lebanese so if you can tell me if is
Lebanese that'd be fantastic eyes I love
Arabic chocolate so I'm gonna eat the
chocolate what I thought now okay boy hi
guys
so I thought I'd just show you a few of
the new vintage pieces that we have for
lazy dog vintage vintage so basically
you guys know metallics are really in
this season but you know metallics
doesn't have to mean golden you know are
gold and aren't silver
there can be metallic um baby Pink's
blues peaches Morla silver basically
I'll probably do a blog post pretty soon
on how I rock metallics okay because I
haven't really worn them yet and these
babies will be updated should be updated
but um this bridges up so bye hi guys so
this is my last OOP mini little section
of love log blog which basically didn't
do much in but I thought I'd to show you
my quick outfit gone back to basics
really let's go off mice Leopard um
scarf which is actually going to be
available on lace or pretty soon um
actually it would have already been on
one time this video comes out then we
have normal black skinnies and dr.
morning
and and the usual accessories okay so
that's basically it and thanks for
watching guys until next time keep it
covered peace
