hi guys today's video I'm just basically
doing a really quick awful day because
we just finished doing photo shootings
as Elise you would say for Sarah enemies
and Scout outfit design thingies at
least he's just over there taking photos
of me sneaky laugh that isn't me so
anyway I just thought I'd do a quick out
of the day because why not you know so
I'm just wearing my usual bobble tassels
got my oxes tree glass is the usual
Lizzie am I just making the payments
come here Lissa come in my youtube video
now here's the famous Elysium totally
takes all the photos in the world all
the good photos on my facebook all the
crappy ones I take all the good ones
elicit tapes oh I'm going she just
happens to be wearing you know amazing
mm what's it called the Russian remember
I've named this goth Russian complex
Russian context Alyssa's wearing the
Russian complex from laid off more than
will be coming soon with her vintage
jumper swagger on point sister okay good
mani and then I'm just wearing vintage
scarf and vintage jumper um homem bear
jeans big boots and then if you guys
just have a quick look wearing leg
warmers that sarah has made miss Ellen
annie has made look for the scouts but
I'm going to air them as well so and oh
one second who remember this Bank
Judy's bag I'm in it so that's the
Hermit notice don't know if you can see
anything of the Melissa hunt
I just feel quickly because we're in
Obion Essex
it was wound Essex so there you are huit
Essex and the snow is amazing so might
be show you bits of snow and way out and
that thing that our story said thanks
for watching til next time here we come
