yes this legging you don't know what
happened I filmed like twice filmed the
whole video and realized that the record
button basically hadn't recorded I don't
know why was good on Oh what gonna malas
anyway okay today's video is gonna be me
showing you guys how I store my scoffs
I've showed you guys before I think I
uploaded the photo photo a while back on
a Facebook or Instagram or something
people like that my room yeah anyway
I think uploaded a photo a while back of
and you know one of those like here
loopy storage things that you just loop
the scars through one of those but I
stopped using that and since I came back
from Indonesia in July because I went
into some shops there and obviously they
sell scoffs and the way they saw their
scoffs is brilliant idea so I thought
I'd just do that which is what I did
when I came back basically so what I do
is I get one of these boxes and these
are from Ikea for three pounds to let
again in it and it's not that big but
it's also quite big and it's foldable so
it's easy to carry back from Ikea if you
don't have a car like me and yeah so you
can fit quite a lot I mean you get a
whole head in here so just to give you
guys a bit of a perspective there you go
quite big basically I'm gonna do to give
you a very quick fast forwarded that
word fast forwarded demonstration of how
I store my coffee well fees all right
okay so I hope you kind of understood
what I was doing there
in case you didn't what I was doing was
folding the scarf into long rectangles
and then rolling them up into like roly
poly neurons so basically what you're
left with is something that looks a
little bit let's knead it up like this
supposed to look a lot neater but as you
see I'm in a rush but do take your time
folding rolling them up because they'll
stay really neat for ages and ages
basically so you get something a bit
like this and I don't know how many
scoffs that is but you can fit about 40
to 50
I'd say using this technique and then
it's really easy to pick them out
because you just pick out by like color
look like oh I fancy the orange today or
fancy this blue pants
oh what a fancy now I don't know how
many scoffs I have but I've got two
boxes of these but they are basically
like full to the brim and the other one
is an absolute mess it's just I mean
it's all lovely roly-poly nods and then
it's just saucy scoffs all no flown all
over the top like crazy but that's just
my fault for not keeping it tidy but is
really easy to keep tidy I'm just really
really messy so you know anyway that's
how I store mine scoffs I hope you
enjoyed that little demonstration load
them on strut home I'm just gonna top up
my mascara and then head off and then I
guess what I will do is I will see you
in my next video that's something else
to tell you bye completely forgot oh yes
pencils was cancelled boats rescheduled
rescheduled for the 2nd of February
insha'Allah on Saturday and I'll be
there for between I'll be there from
10:00 to 5:00 at Old Spice Girls market
not snooze fizzles Oh
nothing really just I can't remember but
remember okay my next video is gonna be
the styling one I said with the one pair
of trousers three looks video it's
definitely gonna be back Sharla and also
watch out for a video on a cleaner style
from me soon of a vintage notebook and
this outfit will be one of the lips so I
kind of cheated there but I worry about
it so really rumbling now what you can
do so until next time team coverage
peace
