you know we just don't have any time
whatsoever even time to like file your
nails I haven't found my nails in so
long
like they're all jagged and they ripping
my clothes and it's really lying
so anyway I'm doing video today and I
haven't filmed in my room in so long so
it feels bit weird
I don't know why but anyway finally can
do the question and answers video now
I'm not going to answer every single
question because there's quite a few and
this video is going to be incredibly
long if I do that and a lot of you have
been kind enough to tell me that my long
videos are absolute crap so I'm not
going to do that but I think I'm gonna
make this more of a regular thing and
maybe every every few videos do a
question answer one and if I come across
quite a few questions sir
oh god error while loading tuck to retry
don't wanna watch me just like somebody
asked on YouTube um I know you live in
London which is local to me but was
wondering was it for uni if so what
you're studying if not how comes you
move to London okay it's not for uni I
also just move to London because there's
just so much more opportunity here then
there is in Cardiff so that's why I'm
meaning to I move to London what car do
you drive
and I don't have a car and but when I do
drive it will be my dad's car which is a
Citroen family 7 seater family van
courses there you go what were your
parents reaction when you told them that
you were making YouTube videos and I
honestly can't remember because I was
doing the whole blogging thing anyway
and I'd already made a few videos um
just on Facebook not on YouTube so I
actually can't remember what my mum said
I like oh my dad they probably just said
like oh ok then be careful I really
caught remember but it wasn't like a big
deal but actually it loads of my videos
when I first started my mum used to
watch them and be like ok don't do this
don't do that don't do this don't do
that and now she just don't tell me
anything because she knows I'm too well
liked
tell me what to do mommy okay but
actually I do hold back a lot in my
videos like this is not me completely
normally like I cut out a lot before I
upload are you engaged or planning to be
soon that questions been asked a lot
recently because of this ring on my
finger guys I like always wear rings on
these fingers and all of a sudden
everyone's asking me from gays just
because I'm wearing this one and the
answer is yes I are engaged and a lot of
you guys to be saying oh I see you
trying to show off the ring sneekly
there I'm not trying to show off meekly
I always have pictures of my hand like
this overhead like this so ever so yes I
am engaged time to left and we leave at
that next question why are Hassanein use
of second names Toki yeah and yours is
Tokyo okay use some house now my
brother's their surnames are Toki yeah
my surname is also talked here yeah
Tokyo is just the stage name if you like
it's just me the blogger part that's it
how did you start YouTube what made you
do videos what were your parents
reactions okay I started YouTube because
the Facebook fans asked me to okay this
next question odd question what exactly
do you do that's quite insulting well
apart from selling scarfs online is that
all you make your money from because you
seem to be loaded I thought you were an
up-and-coming fashion designer okay
just say no up-and-coming fashion
designers usually don't make that much
money because they're still
up-and-coming so okay I'm other than
just selling stuff online I also spend a
lot of time designing and hand making
this scoffs as well as designing
t-shirts and sweaters which haven't been
released yet and I'm also a stylist as
well as a columnist as well as a
youtuber I get paid to do YouTube by the
way so they also get paid for the
columns I write and I also get get paid
for the personal bookings I take and and
yes I do sell scoffs online amongst
other things
okay do you regret not going to college
and not getting a real education well
for your information I did good college
and I did get a real education all right
can you do a makeup tutorial yes I can
and I will do on soon I know I said I'd
do on ages ago but I haven't had a
chance because they're really long to do
makeup tutorial so I will do on pretty
soon and yes at what age did you start
wearing a scarf when I was 12 years old
what's your lifestyle like outside of do
Tokyo and lazy doll like what do you do
when it's just you being Dina Tokyo and
to be honest with you it's just chilling
with family I suppose but most of the
time everything I do is to do with laser
sword in Tokyo especially recently since
the website started I don't have much
time for myself right now but yeah it's
fun so like literally everything I do
and when I say everything I'm talking
about like the blogging as well that far
you can take your laser like so I don't
really other than that I guess going out
with family friends sometimes not really
friends have fun what else um yeah
now everything's really everything that
you see what are your thoughts on
getting married or engaged and well
Handler
I recently engaged my thoughts are well
my thoughts are
I don't know my thoughts are well that's
what people do get married like you
complete half of your Deen if you get
married so my thoughts are that it's a
good thing Charl are anyway phlegm zina
do you read all comments made to you
whether it be Facebook Twitter Instagram
etc I read all the comments on Instagram
because my phone is always in my hand
and that's why I check Instagram so they
long but all the comments on Facebook
and I eventually I'll read all of them
just don't know like it won't be like
there and then and it won't be in the
same day but eventually I'll probably
read all of them and I don't read all
the Facebook inboxes though because they
they take too long to load and there's
too many in there and Twitter I don't
read all of Twitter because I hardly go
on Twitter anymore how would you
recommend styling a skirt that'll have
to be for another video as a bone how do
you deal with awful comments on your
videos um I treat them as a source of
entertainment for myself when I'm bored
or when I'm having a quick break from
working which you guys don't see I work
evidently but um yes I use them as
entertainment for me and my family by
the way so anybody who writes negative
comments and all advising comments um
literally we all have a good laugh at
them for my fat somebody said awkward
yep on your side I guess do you know
what is your favorite item clothing have
you ever been to Liverpool I don't have
a favorite item of clothing there are
many that could be a whole other video
in fact good video I did save items for
clothing and have I ever been to
Liverpool
yes actually and my grandparents used to
live and close to the pool in Wallasey
so I spent a lot of my childhood over
there and and my granddad was also from
little few so there's my mum I guess
which doesn't have the accident
what is it you're doing in London like
are you studying or is it work it's
work-related so there you go somebody
said I love you masha'Allah come on say
hello to Isis from Germany hi sis from
Germany somebody said are you a fashion
designer I design clothes
I used to design a lot more then I am
now right now I'm more customizing
vintage and doing arty-farty stuff
rather than just designing clothes but
in the summer and shuttler I will be
working on finally releasing I know I
said there's a hundred times but
definitely I'm going to be on it now
finally releasing some of those
old-school dresses you saw from back in
the days when I first started out but
for now it's a reworking vintage and
designing sweaters and t-shirts because
that's more fun for me right now I'm
styling obviously question will you be
opening a boutique anytime soon no I'm
not into having my own shop
there's too many overheads I'd rather
keep it online and but I am going to be
doing market stalls like I told you in
the last video in Spitalfields are you
planning to come to Australia I am
coming planets come to Australia don't
know when or what for but I'd love to go
one day could you imagine yourself
married yes
can you please do tutorial on t-shirts
I've already done that check out how how
I style t-shirts or t-shirt styling
video now where did you get your shirt
from the show I was wearing in the last
video was for vintage vintage as is this
dress that I'm wearing now what are some
of your favorite songs English and/or
Arabic right now
Arabic why i got an envoy it's called
those two really good songs that my
friend showed me and I'm gonna use this
my wedding I can't remember really
caught member but I'm not gonna say
neither pizza or chip chips how do you
organize your scarf and in boxes which I
guess I'll show you soon hey Dina I love
you do watch TV tube I do watch TV tube
can you please tell us where you got
your glasses from vintage Dina a YouTube
partner yes she is how do you stay so
confident I'm not confident at all
how'd you stay in shape I am not in
shape trust me I have recently joined
the gym so I might do a gym workout
video soon don't know have you had
braces I did used to have braces and I
didn't want to take them off cuz I love
them if you were to marry someone are
you looking for Egyptian era of Asian or
British or does it not matter as long as
they are Muslim it does not matter as
long as they're good Muslim do you
believe in arranged marriage yes I do
believe in arranged marriage if your
parents bring you someone to me and you
like them then why not along is not
force obviously do you ever consider
moving out of the UK yet all the time I
want to end up in America to be honest
with you do you like Asian / Arab food I
love any kind of food as long as it's
not alcohol or pork literally and I love
pakoras Asian wise and Arab wise I love
feta and mushy and of loads of things
I'm really not fasting when it comes to
food but
Asian food is always chilli so I have to
have a huge pot of yoghurt next to me
because I can't eat it literally my nose
starts running my eyes go red sniffing
everything starts burning up it's really
not good anyway I'm gonna have to wrap
it up there because literally it's 17
minutes long it's gonna take me
but I will answer more questions if you
guys keep bringing in questions whenever
you can see it really I will answer more
really I'm just gonna finish off now
with an outfit of the day the what is
this one called this ombre scarf is
called the coca-cola from aaj la fromage
the coca-cola fromage ombre scarf which
is from laces alright and then I'm
wearing this vintage dress from vintage
vintage and it was too big I just pulled
it at the side and I'm just wearing it
with my baggy jeans white socks and my
normal and my normal life you traders
area at the end of that story there's
nothing really special today but um if
you go on to lace dalkom go on to
vintage vintage vintage vintage there
are a lot of these kind of dresses on
there and there will be more updated
every week so anyway really gotta leave
it at that
some thanks for watching next video is
gonna be a one pair of trousers three
ways to wear them styling kind of video
I think then we'll go on to makeup
tutorial and maybe the gym workout
till next time guys you covered
