when a bit of a matter what I get so
guys hmm you know I like to dress up so
just no comment anyway a lot of faith
because it's like makeup but like really
okay today I'm going to do a basically
November hold on september-october
November favorites combined video even
though the amounts i'm going to show you
is equivalent for one month but doesn't
matter I don't know why I didn't do it
 over sorry yep October I have no
idea why I think I just forgot oh no
they have no favorites for that month
because I'm not a favorite thank you
think of person anyway so my first thing
I'm going to show you is actually the
t-shirt that I am wearing it's a
Bollywood lady on a t-shirt and it's
actually been sketched by a lady I'm
sorry a girl called the serene and she
is a textile designer and she also
designs nichols but she needs to be
persuaded to sell I just loved the whole
ethnic look and I get loads of
inspiration from you know different
cultures etc as you can see she also has
done that so love it I would quite like
the lady's necklace so in a serene if
you have that you know pop it in the
post anyway she actually has a facebook
page so um I will leave it in the
description it's not there straight away
it will be there sooner or later I
promise you moving on from that favorite
next one these three fur oh my gosh
ghost we have a fur collar and we have
other fur collars okay so there we go we
have fergal or and obviously is not real
fur so calm down imma love it it's fake
okay with the lighting god it's got
healthy well lucky I have no idea why
the light's gone all like grainy but
bear with me guys I promise you soon 18
I'm gonna get pro camera this one over
here is from H&M and i think was 12
pounds and I literally put it on to
absolutely anything like this for
example although I prefer it without it
when it's cold you just stick it on it
doesn't really make you warm but you
just kind of fit in with the weather
this one over here is actually from you
know that really long brown jacket I got
from the charity shop that's just the
collar off that and I've detached it I'm
added on to anything I wear like my
leather jackets that you see this one
over here is a snag oh my God why does
the granny man maybe the lens is dirty
no not dirty so what is it oh there we
go it's better so okay set this is a
snip on below I can't accordion with
this light has gone home okay this is a
Snerd and it's from TK maxx yeah laugh
away and it's a lovely lovely color and
it was 20 pounds and it also just goes
on to any outfit I where I'm gonna put
it down cuz its ruins and my next
favorite is actually black in there and
I asked you got this from South fall for
a pound and basically it's rubbish I put
this on yesterday and look at it it's so
nice he's just coming off so basically a
cheap black henna has been a monthly
favorite which brings me on to my next
favorite and that's actually been a
black of mahak appeared to fill in my
black henna when it fades away like now
for instance oh my god this one's blue I
have like one there I don't have a black
one on me since two years have to do
that later and but yes black pens and
anyway case you're wondering what this
weird black thing is it's one of those
things that the Saudi men wear around
their room checkered things that are
what they're called I know this name for
it so it's one of those and I've just
used it as a necklace because why not
you know just do these things guys next
has been i'm too sexy for my whites is
that personal that does I did it anyway
/ seal to do my washing because um I
wash my clothes and these leaving
spending really fantastic like really
really fantastic really mayor mayor
basically these two scrunchies over here
one big orange one little black one now
ever since he have this fuzzy wuzzy pull
out her volumizing scrunchies
everybody's basically been going crazier
than she got them out but two years
maybe more ago and ever since then
everybody has been like reinventing them
making different ones etc etc so they're
kind of similar to the shower loofah
thingies that um I made a while ago when
I got the idea off another girl on
YouTube and yeah to be honest with you
these are really good and they are from
a girl from a lady called Romina and she
is on facebook and she's selling the
match d online I think she has a face
book store where i will leave the link
and script usually I wear the smaller
one which is this one and the only
reason I'm not wearing it now is just so
I can show you guys but the big one is
also very handy if you are more of a big
bigger size head the material is really
great and these are really really
stretchy and what I found with other
scrunchies is that when you go to double
them over twice they tend to snap on the
insight and then she's material but
these are really stretching and really
really comfortable because they're quite
tight as well so you actually don't need
to wear your hair in a bubble and then
put this on the top you just tie your
hair with this and you don't so it's
really comfortable genuinely honestly
really comfortable I've been wearing
this one most of time and this one
sometimes i'll leave the link in the
description make sure you check it out
very handy a lot better than flower
clips to be honest flower clips do leave
you in pain and always break and you
with flower clips you can't really like
rest your head on the chair on a train
and stuff because it's like plastic but
with these they look like squish so you
can't a few months ago i went and met
the lady from in a collection and she
has lovely eyebrows mashallah so I said
to her hey how do you do those eyebrows
cuz usually I don't you guys notice but
I am usually fill my eyebrows in with
brown eyeshadow and it's a lighter brown
to my actual eyebrow
hair color and that is because my
eyebrows naked on like I think the hair
is black with so it's always such a dark
top brown but the hair itself isn't
thick so that the color isn't like a jet
black it's more like a gray brownie kind
of color so one side is to think I'd
fill it in with brown and then the whole
eyebrow would just be brown but the
problem with that is when you go up
close you can kind of see it it doesn't
look rainy so anyway the in a collection
girl she said get a byline a pencil get
your own gold eyebrow brush wet the
pencil and then just get the brush and
kind of just stroke it along here and
then use it to fill in your eyebrows and
she told me to try it in black so that's
what I've been doing and that's the
results of my eyebrows today I
personally feel that there are lot need
to and they look a lot more natural but
you know maybe they don't don't let me
know though I'd rather not know okay
that was all good then my oyster card
which is basically for this you guys who
I'm not in London is a travel card that
you chopped up to get on the tubes and
buses and I've been in London for six
months now and for the first five months
I was just buying day travel cards to go
which is 55 60 a day so I was wasting a
lot of money um to be honest with you go
boys the car doesn't save you that much
money it's only good if you're like
going one place and back but usually I
go like those different places in one
day so doesn't really save me that much
money but um you know it makes me feel
cool when you just get out your pocket
used to the beep this white it's feel me
cool Seto ok moving on this is not
really a jb related but it doesn't
matter because we're all girls so anyway
dry shampoo I know it's bit disgusting
really and it's a bit lame because you
should just wash your hair with shampoo
but sometimes we'll ahi you just can't
be bothered to wash your hair
so this spraying on do better to tune
and it makes your hair really look
fluffy and volume eyes and like as if
you've hairspray de but without the
hairspray and as if you've cleaned it
really really good I really strongly
suggest this I know it's really lazy
thing to do I was really dirty like just
clean your hair but you know it's not
good to clean your hair like every
single day honestly I look especially
for not hi Debbie God if I wasn't hey
jebby this would be all my hair every
single day try it it's from boots and
it's big and bouncy XX volume and it's
dry shampoo and it was three pounds
something it's really honestly very
handy and when it got these individual
lashes from Claire's accessories and
they're so good you just put them on
like with tweezers like that and from
the side you know using the fake lashes
you can tell because the the layering is
like really obvious but with this one it
just literally goes oh it looks so
natural it's so so good so these are
five pounds and there's loads of them in
there and they lost wages even though
I've ruined a few but their way about it
okay last two items are these so stud
earrings and these two are missing
because I'm wearing them right now from
Prime up 42 pounds they're just nice
because I don't know about you guys but
when you become a hijabi you sometimes
forget that you should look nice at home
too like Oh without your scarf on just
for your family or just yourself like
remember to keep yourself feeling
feminine so anyway and yes I just want
to got these so that I can just keep
studs in my ears all the time just
because it makes you feel like princess
here's this watch and this is just one
of those cheapy little watches that you
kind of get from any more kits and their
four kids so you do need to have quite a
small wrist to wear this I wear it like
on the last one and yes because you know
what your guys know I'm like into my
casio first it was Michael cause now I'm
into the Cassio's and now i'm gonna go
to children's watches because why not
hey this is annie days anyway that's the
end of that video i hope you guys have
enjoyed that quickly long
favorites video but is basically too
much combine kind of just to let you
guys know laser doll will be relaunching
in insha'Allah approximately one week
forgive me if it's longer you know what
I'm like when Charlotte approximately
one week and basically we're going to
start off with a vintage collection and
then after the launch will be bringing
in some t shirts and sweaters that we've
designed as well as some accessories and
exclusive scoffs like excludes think is
um designed and handmade except for the
vintage obviously vintage is vintage but
some of the vintage items will be
reworked especially for you guys okay so
look out for that follow on Instagram
laces all online for sneaky peeky
pictures and on facebook later on and
also follow me on instagram d to take
you out for more things and fun stuff
like that anyway next video is probably
going to be a winter lookbook video
because why not right i also have a few
interesting pieces to show you guys from
the suits clothing that car i'll leave
the link for those in the description as
well so you guys can check it out
beforehand but till next time guys keep
it covered yes
