okay it's winter and it gets dark really
really quick so apologies for the
lighting anyway hmm hi guys okay so I
feel like I've done a video in a very
long time and that's not true because I
did one like four days ago but it just
wasn't a talking video it was just like
my feet walking around looking I'll fly
it so um uh what am i doing okay so
today's video is actually going to be a
tag because I love doing tag videos as
you all know and when I do come across
walk chance to do it because I just
really enjoy doing them and I know I
haven't done like a hair tutorial a long
time etc and those kind of helpful
things in while but it's just because I
don't like just doing a tutorial for the
sake of it cuz I like this tutorial I'll
only do tutorial if I've actually
changed my scarf style slightly I look
you can see me filming myself in my
glasses anyway so I'll only do a
tutorial if I've actually come up with
something and I genuinely like it Joe I
mean cuz loads of those lizard-like
tutorials out there they really like
ugly so it'll allow the ugly hand hand
and I do realize that my scoff ruining
his owning but I was like in the middle
of getting ready and I'm actually gonna
change my outfit because it's too cold
outside so I'm actually just gonna red
coat saying I'm gonna do the ethnicity
tag which he'll Daisy I mean I can did a
few days ago and I watched it and it was
really entertaining so I thought I would
do one for mass sell so I just write in
the questions and I just get in them up
now I also have an accent tag to do I'm
gonna wait till I go back to college so
I can film that with my brother because
I think that would be more fun with two
people and I also still want to do a
things I suck at tag which is a tag sent
to me by another youtuber called Chelsea
hey jebby love I think something like
that anyway she started in tag of things
I suck at things I suck at so I'm gonna
do that too one day
and also I am also going to a glasses
collection video similar to the one I
did for my shoe collection because
they're really easy to do and I don't
have to talk and I know sometimes you
guys really hate it when I talk because
now I've just spoken for two and a half
million
and I haven't even started the video
which is really bad but anyway I'm just
going to get straight into it because
it's nice just short and sweet
do you like my dead goat there and floor
everybody's like I haven't have like
like a goat skin card before that's like
really bad and like animal cooked
cruelty and all that I just figured when
we kill goats to eat them anyway might
as well use the skin for other things
like if you can wear leather on your
feet why can't you have it in a carpet
so I mean I mean it's cruel if you kill
like a tiger for its fur because you
don't you Tigers but anyway let's not
talk the way around our own boom-boom
okay so ethnicity tag first question
when was the last time you visited your
country and I think I was there last
summer and I go back to oh by the way
I'm from Egypt Wow it didn't ask us what
country were from today
anyway I'm I'm half Egyptian half um
English like half from England like my
mom's English and my dad is Egyptian so
anyway I go well I live in England and I
go back to Egypt like maybe twice a year
if not well then definitely once a year
because it's great over there and I have
family out of like this and what part
are you from and your family um my dad
is from Cairo like cojiro Cairo and my
mom is from Liverpool but she doesn't
have the accent cuz she like doesn't
have the accent so yeah
name one ethnic food you enjoy the most
um
Egyptian food I really love mashie if
that's Egyptian and that's like um
that's like what is that I don't know
but you can get like cabbage and inside
and inside it is like rice and heard the
stuff and that's called mushy or feta I
really like feta and that's like rice
with me and like tomato resource and
like nuts oh and they're like bread and
stuff
I don't know go to Egyptian pen sounds
neat oh and I really like umm well I
used to really love Malacca yeah which
is like a greeny like really slimy bogey
like kind of dish but I don't like
anymore but it used to be my favorite
meal ever in the world but actually I
don't like anymore but actually I really
enjoy curry even though that's not
Egyptian I really love curry but a lot
of people think I'm Pakistani anyway so
well so different so make Egyptian
Pakistani I'm joking I'm just a dude hey
stand up buddy
name one household item name one
household item that represents your
culture at Oh Boosh they're those funny
little red hats with tassels and I don't
have one here because I put it somewhere
and I can't find it but actually it
Turbo SH or you know all those dresses
and blazes I made out of ramadhan fabric
it's like traditional Egyptian pattern I
guess don't know else at our bouche I
guess you'll see a taboo soon because
I'm going to use it for a few photo
shoots the Sabu she's are cool and bring
the culture back in their picture anyway
okay last question this is my short
sweet video so just I like it
last question do you speak your language
and yes I do if you guys watched my
outfit of the day video in Arabic I did
like a few months ago when I was in
Egypt with my brothers actually then you
can hear me speaking in Arabic but like
it's Egyptian Arabic so it's like kind
of slangy and also and I don't speak it
that well I sound like a complete
foreigner so um I'll just say hi my name
is Dena
hi and it's Medina which means my name
is Ian what else
I was really funny because the other day
I bought my friend a Diet Pepsi then I
was like oh it's yahoodi which means
it's Israeli or like Jewish first I'll
get to that conversation that's a bad
move okay but anyway some my
pronunciation is really really funny and
people just laugh like my cousins laugh
at me a lot so let me know if you'd like
me to maybe do a video all in Arabic
even if I'd done one but they're usually
entertaining anyway that's all of those
questions so hope that's clarifies the
fact that I'm not Pakistani I am
Egyptian well half Egyptian of English
so that's where that's why I look how I
look and that's the end of that story so
till the next video which would be
glasses collection cuz that's always fun
on the half soda glasses show you next
time keep it covered
peace I'm gonna go an iron scarf now
okay
