I hope you enjoyed my mini catwalk diva
session there anyway what was with the
wobbly head I don't know must be the
bunny but today's video I'm basically
showing you a lovely gorgeous outfit
from one second yes doors closed a
lovely outfit from a Kashia label I
believe that's how you pronounce it it's
about a CACI a label and they're
basically a company based in Australia
that specialize in traditional Asian
gear I believe or that's the vibe I'm
guessing anyway so they very kindly made
me a dress and just so you know I had no
actual input other than my own body
measurements towards this dress they
designed it and they basically made one
for me that they thought would suit me
and to be honest I was quite worried as
to what I would receive because I'm very
like picky when it comes to wearing
Asian outfits etc so I have to agree I
love this dress and I think they did a
really good job of it and stuff anyway
you can find akashi label on facebook
they also have a website I will leave
all the links in the description below
the majority of the time they work with
pure silk and chiffon but you can
request different fabrics as well you
can also change the lengths of the
dresses of the quarters except you can
basically just get completely customized
for your own good I've just worn it with
a bright red scarf because if you
noticed on the dress they've done a very
subtle red rim on the sleeves and on the
edge of the dress as well I'll just get
up and shoot so there's the very subtle
red edge along with the gorgeous lace
detail and there's the lighting
underneath so it's not see-through and
they also gave me trousers with it you
know those like skinny what they call it
truly done to truly are treated our
trials I guess just food security or I
guess it gives you the choice of
shortening the top I'm wearing it with
the trousers which I know is a very
popular style for agents am I correct
you guys probably saw recently I went to
a wedding and Asian wedding
and it was a lovely lovely wedding so
anyway what agent clothes and I went to
South Hall to get to those clothes for
those of you who don't know South Pole
is a place in London that's just full of
traditional shops etc anyway in South
Hall they have so many beautiful dresses
etc but I have to say that the none of
them are good quality the stitching is
terrible but with a casual able one
thing I noticed straight away is the
quality of the dresses I don't feel like
I'm gonna burst out of them because the
stitching is very good and also very
very neat that is one big difference
that I noticed so they're based in
Australia and they I think they also
base somewhere in the Arab world I can't
remember but anyway they ship worldwide
and it's only $10 to ship worldwide so
you know go for a lot of you guys always
ask me I'm Dina whatsoever feed what
should I wear to prom which their
weddings etc this is the perfect outfit
especially for JB for length gorgeous
Asian dresses I've always been familiar
with Asian and Asian when I say Asian I
mean like Pakistani Indian and Punjabi
kind of clothing I've always been very
familiar with that kind of traditional
dress because my friends have always
been Asian so and to be honest I don't
there's that there's only particular
styles that used to like like the
Patiala shalwar and I never liked the
the long dress with the 2d down however
you say it the toreador little leg
sticking out only because it didn't suit
me but it looks lovely on other girls so
then when they started doing these new
styles where the tops dress is
full-length to the floor I was like I'm
getting on there you know what I mean
so though there you go check out a color
label I believe they're also on
Instagram Twitter and of course Facebook
so so I hope you enjoyed it is their
little label as well on the bottom on
the inside of the lining a cars your
label Australia alrighty then thanks
Ozzy's Down Under
anyway I really really love it I just
think it's gorgeous the way they've done
it with the lace and the detailing on
the sleeves these gorgeous diamante kind
of buttons over here even the pleats
there's so much detail going on it's
ridiculous so I'm just gonna show it to
you guys one more time okay I don't know
I just
Red Room I really do love it anyway
thank you very much I've really enjoyed
grating this dress and I can't wait to
actually wear it out at an event so
somebody invite me somewhere fantasy
okay anyway girls till next I'll give a
cosmic peace
I can totally imagine me doing some like
ding-a-ling okay I think that's called
Bali Bali shava shava totally desi fight
I know and let me let me say something
in I do wait there Oh Salaam Namaste was
that India but cross that means shut up
right if it's rude I really apologize
so anyway wait I whales die now Pargo
you stupid
I don't know can't remember okay good
office
