oh my god terrible hi guys okay so
ignore the half scarfie thingie on today
because today's video is basically going
to be me showing you guys how I think
you should wear your hijab styles
according to your face shapes now it's
not like I'm not doing this based on
facts or anything like that
but it's just my general opinion how I
would advise somebody if you were to
maybe ask me how to wear my scarf
because I have double chin or blah blah
blah the black anyway all this go so I'm
going to be using today are from in
their collection do you remember these
guys I did like a review for them like I
don't know two years ago when they first
opened up and now they are very big and
very successful I have the layer and
mashallah so in a collection calm check
them out they also have it clothing but
for today I'm just using their scarf
ewar fees alrighty then this might be a
long video but hopefully it's not too
long because I'm just going to give you
some quick tips I hope anyway and also
I'm ill so appreciate I'm joking no I'm
really ill so that's why I sound like
like I don't know a weird old man if I'm
coughing adding up all day I'm gonna
start off with my face shape well what I
believe my face shape to be and that is
a long face and now you guys will notice
obviously that I have less different
styles sometimes I wear it cetera but
for me what I find if you have a long
face and just remove these because I'm
going to do the tutorial let me give an
example of how you shouldn't wear your
scarf so I've just placed my scarf right
now on my head and this is a viscous
nude color scarf that we all need from
in air and so I do this a lot myself I
sometimes especially during the winter I
find myself pulling my scarf like this
I'm pinning it like this I'm covering
half of my face so if you notice I look
incredibly long and narrow which to be
honest isn't a good look you might think
it is but if you do have a long face I
would advise showing as much of the
width of your face as possible just to
even out a little bit
like so you see that there's more the
face going on and I look slightly more
normal okay so I don't actually leave it
this far back even though I quite like
it but I just feel like I'm too exposed
to the world sometimes so what I like to
do is I just bring it a tiny little bit
forward like this and sometimes I have a
point which you own though and that I
think is perfect for my kind of face
shape this style and then we'll just do
my usual normal style which is where I
flip this over and then I flip this pie
over here see this Gough is really nice
and soft and flowy so it's perfect and
then I'll just bring it over like so so
there we go see see like I'm naturally
bringing it forward that's fine there I
think for a long face but sometimes I do
find myself and I've seen a lot of other
girls bring it totally like so you
literally don't see anything any of
their face and from the front you just
look really long just show as much width
as possible especially where your
cheekbones are now if you have a
heart-shaped face where you've got the
really wide forehead and then your face
goes down into a lovely pointed chin I
would do this so I'm actually just going
to change my scarf just to show you some
of the scar a heart-shaped face that
you've got the really wide forehead and
then you go down into a really little
point which I think is a beautiful shape
by the way then what you want to do is
you want to pin underneath but you don't
want to be showing as much forehead as
you would if you had a long face so what
you would do is just bring it in
slightly like this just to give your
forehead a more oval shape rather than
the width over here so you've just done
a point over here and it will just stop
right at your eyebrows because that will
give your face it you can't really tell
on me because I have a long face but if
you have the wide forehead little chin
then you want to just cover a tiny
little part of it just when you get to
your eyebrows just to give your forehead
that oval kind of shape okay and then of
course you can go on to do this style
where you just tie it nice and tightly
around the neck like so my volume is
looking a bit I don't know weird today
so do your volume as you you
normally but quite nice little I think
that looks really beautiful on our
heart-shaped face because you've already
got the width over here and I'll just
goes in quite nicely then you've got
your width in your shoulders I think
this style scarf where you just make it
me around the neck is also lovely for
round-faced people which I'm going to
give you a few tips on now this is the
beautiful I don't know what kind of
green but it's like a really nice dark
green jersey scarf anyway if you have a
round face I mean I'm not doing I'm not
giving you different hijab styles I'm
skinny tips on the kind of face shapes
if you have a round face by all means go
ahead do any style you want but if
you're going to do the style wet hold on
I always put my glasses on and I just
ruin everything if you're the kind of
person who does this style the normal
style where you just pin under and wrap
it around etc if you have a round face
including a double chin you might not
want a pin underneath here I have a long
face and I get this problem as well so
if you had to pin here and especially if
you if you're one of those people who
pin really tightly like I used to you do
create well for the long face you create
a more rounded chin so if you already
have around a chin you're just going to
really emphasize the chub-chub there so
what I would suggest is instead of
pinning it right under is just grabbing
this section and attaching it to your
bandanna up here that way you've covered
your neck and you've left your chin to
kind of relax naturally so when you come
to smile etc you've just got your
natural jaw rather then a more
emphasized one because of the scarf you
can't really tell on me but you
round-faced always will no one at me
okay then what I'm going to do just
bring this gough around this end and
then just flick it over like a cell tuck
away the label because that's not chic
and then what you can do as well is just
bring it lower to show everybody your
necklace there you go so for the round
face well it's a good shape so I would
keep the roundness on there but you just
don't want to emphasize the double chin
etc if you want to conceal your round
face then
just it's very simple just bring these
the scarf the peaks down onto your
cheeks here like I do normally like so
and then you can see look more of the
round face but you don't want to do it
so that that you've made your forehead
tiny and then what you'll end up doing
is emphasizing your cheeks like this you
don't want to do that because you've
already got a round section over here
sorry about my cult anyway so do not pin
directly under chin because you will
create two chin instead of wanting okay
okay now if you're one of these people
who have a non-existing forehead which
you know is very common as our large
foreheads like mine but if you have a
very little forehead so let's say your
forehead starts from about here and
you've literally got this much space I
find a lot of people what they do is
they literally bring the scarf all the
way down to their eyebrows and they go
like this so they literally have no face
whatsoever other than these sections
here and there's not very great look as
you can see on me so if you have a very
small forehead what you want to do to
try and lengthen your face is show it
basically put your scarf on your
hairline literally on your hairline to
try and get as much of the face in as
possible
by the way this is another lovely scarf
from the NA collection which well it's
really nice on if I say so myself
anyway then what you want to do if you
have the short forehead and there you
know the cheeks and the business over
here then what shape that is exactly but
whatever what you want to try and do is
keep the forehead in and do what the
long people shouldn't do and that's
bring it to the site over here because
that will lengthen your face because you
have this you'll have the short forehead
and then this bit over here so if you
bring them in it will lengthen all of
your face you know I mean so then
hopefully your forehead will look in
proportion with the rest of your face
that's the idea anyway oh my god this
Gogh is beautiful what star should we do
this I love this is coffee laughing ooh
that's not my style
wow this scarf really flows nice I would
just keep it like this that is a
stunning scarf well thanks an area oh
I've got an event to go to on the 4th my
way this golf yes I know I've seen so
many people
who
where scarf like literally above the
eyebrows and it does not look good it
just looks like you have a hamster
hidden under a piece of cloth okay
another thing I would suggest for
long-faced people is the turbo style
that would really suit you like that
sounds really be candid because I like
to edit answer but honestly the turbo
style really suits the long face because
the long face and the chiseled chin
because you've already because you don't
really need to do any framing around the
face it's just kind of turbine up here
and then the length it looks really
great but having said that it does also
look great on Hart face people because
they have the pointed chin and let me
just give you an example okay so let's
just pretend that I have a heart-shaped
face so my forehead is quite wide and my
chin is really pointy and let me give
you example the turbine so my forehead
right now is extra extra wide okay my
doing this style turbine you can control
the shape of your forehead so if I had
the heart shape I would bring diagonal
business going on so great about the
turbine is you can basically control how
your face what your face shape is and
see as you can see I've made my forehead
you know about a third smaller maybe I
don't know but I've made my forehead
considerably smaller now what I like to
do is show as much forehead as possible
because I believe showing more forehead
Slim's your face down there you go if
you have the hard shape face though you
can always bring this bit over here and
this put over here and then you've
created a more oval pyramid II or head
there you go well then see what I mean
showing more forehead Slim's the face
down just because it all looks very evil
hard to explain this you know just kind
of have to have a go in the mirror all
righty I'm just going to give you one
more example now if you have a square
face and what you would want to do is
try and not round your face as much as
possible but oval eyes it if that's even
a word as much as possible so for a
square face you're going to be like this
like this and you would probably have
quite a big quite a heavy jaw and you
know and quite a distinctive
do down to here kind of you know I mean
you'll know if you're a square face
anyway because you guys will probably
have checked yourself out too much
anyway there are many people I've seen
with square face that do this style
where they bring this golf around like
so and they they just wear the bun style
like that then they'd have a really
square chin I mean it to be honest it
depends on your face and how you carry
things off but generally what I wouldn't
do is this style where you kind of I'm
sure many of you guys have seen this
style before I'm just quickly pinning it
over here and they grab this section and
they just bring it over like so see that
oval eyes your forehead but then you
kept your chin quite square and that by
doing that you've really drawn attention
to this square e chin area unless you
liked it and you want to draw attention
to that then that's fine but if you're
trying to hide it or you're trying to
find something that suits you more I
would suggest just rounding your face
off or over lysing it instead of pinning
underneath I would pin by here or just
tuck it I'm just going to tuck in for
now because we just get kind of long I'm
still I'm just going to bring it forward
slightly again to like oval eyes that
face and then what I'm going to do is
just bring this underneath here and then
we're going to bring this around over
the head all this golf is absolutely
stunning which on la la blah all over
the plums
guy I see you gonna bring this over the
head like so see what you've done now
you've created quite a soft you know
quite a soft gentle feminine look and
just let the scarf kind of float around
most likely you're most likely the
chiseled part of your chin which will be
here and here so it's just kind of
flowing and hanging around there
hopefully disguising it making it making
your face look overall more oval except
I hope this video is making sense to you
guys because you know me I'm like all
over the place in my videos I just kind
of ramble on but hopefully you will take
some tips out of this anyway Here I am
again with a gorgeous mustard color but
anyway you guys would like read big
faces I've got quite a big face as well
and I tend to make this mistake a lot
I tend
you make my scarf too big and especially
from the sides and that like I've seen
in pictures I just look ridiculous I'm
just like scarf scarf face so I'm just
really wide in general and it doesn't
slim you ow it doesn't do anything so as
another tip I would never like try not
to make a scarf too white from the size
even though I always tell you even
though my scarf styles are quite white
hmm from the side try not to make it too
wide if you know what I mean so if you
have a long kind of face like me I do
add some width to the size but just to
overly even out the whole shape in
general but sometimes I go too wide so
don't go too wide anyway this is a great
style for long faces round faces this
style is actually great for all the face
shapes I would say there's just a few
adjustments you need to do in the Sahana
Tajima and winged hijab style where you
just bring it over here
and then you take these two pieces and
you pin them behind you go ahead and do
that real quick sorry if I'm feeling a
bit down I'm just real ill this is great
for the long face if you want to add the
width on the side then there you go I
usually do with the fullest scarf but
then again that's because I have a long
face if you've got the short if you've
got a shorter or more rounded chubbier
face it's best for you to do with a
softer scarf so you don't want to
because you don't want too much width
and business going on - I mean so anyway
we'll take this would take it round here
like so and then I believe what you do
is you take this and bring it round here
like so so this is a great style if you
have a long face and you want to add the
width because what I find with a long
face especially mine it goes really
really long and then the chin just seems
like it's never-ending
so by not pinning underneath you've
given yourself a stop there especially
with the contrasting scarf you give
yourself like a short kind of kind of
jaw if you know I mean anyway
this is also a great style if you have a
round face and like high cheekbones
because you get the cheekbones in and
it's not giving you the double lit chin
but what you can also do is adjust it if
you do have a double chin so that it
just sits so that on the side is
oops just there so that when you do
smoke scepter your chin is just tucked
in away inside of the scarf I've seen a
lot of people who are trying to hide
their double chin or they imagine double
chin you know insecurities and all that
by doing their scarfs like this I just
think it's the worst thing you could
ever do where you get your scarf like
this and then you pin it by here let me
give you an example I'll just I'll just
pin it normally for now is they'll bring
let's just put this over here for now
what they do is they'll bring this
section and like literally bring it
around the face like this I think that's
possibly the worst thing you could ever
do that is never going to hide a double
chin it's just going to look like you're
somebody that's trying to hide a double
chin and that's not a good look what you
want to try and do it is just disguise
it more naturally I think this is
literally the worst idea anybody could
ever do do not ever do this whatever
face shape this is not flattering it
just looks like I don't know what
they'll also do is bring it down to here
because they think they have a big
forehead
but you know you're given a big forehead
for a reason because it suits you so by
you stopping by you cutting it halfway
down and totally chopping your chin off
you just it just is not going to make
any sense whatsoever so you want to try
and do a scarf style that flows
naturally around your face but just you
know this guy's is what you're trying to
hide very very subtly so if you are
trying to hide the double chin I'd say
loosen it a little like so because at
the front you look fine and just on the
side when you smile you under disguise
it so hopefully just tucked away neatly
and of course get the forehead out
that's another thing I like to do when I
found I got too much width I just bring
this section over here and flick it
behind just so it's not as wide etcetera
or just do the tucked in look and tuck
it behind here so this is slightly
flowing so you grab the edge tuck behind
you've got more flows anyway I shouldn't
really end the video with this scarf
color on me because it doesn't suit me
but I will anyway just before I go what
I would like to do is just show you guys
some gorgeous pins from the NA
collection and so anyway they've really
upped their game and they've got the
spikes out which are awesome I will most
likely wear
these this one especially on my next
night out I'm not sure when that is but
soon hopefully and then they've got the
gorgeous turquoise ones and then they've
got mini spikes so how cool are these
check these out on the in their
collection anyway really love this one
not with the scarf
because it doesn't suit me but any scarf
when I'm feeling quite edgy I'm going to
stick this on and to kill somebody with
it I'm joking anyway so I do apologize
if this video has made no sense to you
whatsoever and I've just rambled on
about absolute but hopefully some of you
would have taken some tips out of it
again it's not factual it's just my kind
of view trying to put it into words but
hopefully maybe one day I'll do a video
with a friend or something and
demonstrating or styling her out
something and demonstrating giving you
tips as I go along but for now hopefully
this will help and one thing I would
always advise is when you are putting
your scarf on I would just just like
look at yourself again just look at
yourself a second time just to
double-check just follow your shape your
own shape with the scarf that's why like
do that's what I find anyway
sometimes in the mirror I like I change
my scarf style I'm like no I have to
have the point I have to cover these
cheeks because they're fat this and that
when I have a picture taken of me like
where most of my face showing and less
of it showing the one with most of my
face showing is usually a lot better
than they were with like hamster cheeks
like mmm also another great tip is just
let your face breathe a little because I
know a lot of us have habits that we
have to have really tight pins etc etc
so anyway I hope it's helped it's con on
to like half an hour so I'm going to
take ages anything but check out in a
collection calm they've got gorgeous
pieces and until next time keep it
covered
peace
