a lemming oh my god okay highlights
how's it going today is my next um got
mail video because and I have many
things to show you and I'm gonna show
you okay the first thing I got in the
mail is our turn our turn which is the
arab queen of perfume thing and i got to
the other one is missing cuz in my bag
because i love the smell like just carry
around cuz it's smells so good
but um anyway this company called after
Ali Jamil art facebook-dot-com
forward-slash I've tried jameelah's and
it will be on the screen or in the
description - no and basically they sell
a small bottle for 250 and a large
bottle for 5 pounds and I'm guessing
these are the small bottles because you
can't get smaller than that can you
if you can go there and they sent me the
lady million and the Escada collection I
would choose the lady million one
because that's seriously a gorgeous
gorgeous smell and I've been wearing it
a lot and if you aren't interested in
getting anything from them then they can
actually offer you guys is a little
promotion thingy where you can get five
small bottles for ten pounds and which
is good all they have to do is mention
that Dina sent them so if you go to
purchase them just say I heard of you
guys from me Dina and you'll get 5 for
10 pounds which is really good 80
million won
smells amazed go get that one okay then
I got these amazing bracelets that are
handmade and personalized and guess what
they say okay here's one of them lovely
green one and then he's like a lovely
blue one and it stands on it keep it
come on how amazing is that
I know it is amazing don't say it isn't
and this one just says my name do not on
it and these bracelets are from pop a
Leo and and they have a facebook store
all you gotta do is type in pop early oh
and they were there also on who they're
on Instagram as well
and all the links will be in the
description anyway itself keep it
covered bracelet I got those I love
those okay then I got these scarfs which
I've showed you a couple of them in the
editorial and in the maxi skirts video
like previously I'm there from a nice he
Jets on Facebook and they've got wicked
wicked scoffs like seriously love all
that scoffs this is my favorite one it's
like a lovely lace kind of print it's
not lace button lips lately with stripes
I love this scarf I want to wear it with
like a white jump or something it's
lovely and then another a sticky one
which you guys have seen in my other
video a brown Aztec e1 they're all huge
maxi scoffs as well and then this one
these bluey patterned ones absolutely
love these scoffs I need this stuff like
Pat any ones as well and then they sent
me these wicked jewelry pieces which I'm
yet to wear because I was saving them
for after the video it's lovely bracelet
and this oh I always love turquoise and
silver very very nice and then these
rings Oh a little camera I haven't seen
these ones little camera oh and
turquoise silver ring hello hello mr.
Owen I'm all the links but everything
will be the scripture so do not fear
because description is here so the
Lighting's not too good today
I'm so sorry about that don't worry
about it but a little package from in
taunted Scott and accessories early sent
me letter people yes can you please put
the link of my page below in the video
of course I will I do that with
everybody's thing Oak Island
he's bunch of jewelry which I am yet to
see actually check out his cool ring
like crazy fierce bird stud tinging tink
very very nice lovely earrings oh these
are gorgeous these would look great when
you do your bun style scarf skills these
lovely earrings and then she also sent
me a crinkle scarf as from enchanted
scoffs and accessory link with
inscription
oh thank you next I got scoffs bracelet
and under caps sorry about the crinkling
from the Amalia collection which is in
Sydney Australia and they're called
Amalia - Clare
calm facebook-dot-com forward-slash
tamale collection check it out
this nested kind of one with beadwork
all over it what is that hold on I mean
I'm confused what is this
yes no what is it
no no this is confusing what is this
those guys I don't know what it is oh my
god I think you like place it on your
head like it's just a big square we'll
have to figure that out
crinkle pattern scoffs hey Jeb Katz with
the little tucked in thing to give you
the asymmetrical look and a little
Chanel cz there as well
oh I've got like a head cap I'm scarfing
one so I'm guessing you would put this
three head
there's the hey jab cap I don't go cover
in your neck see that and then this bit
would cover your neck and then you'd get
this bit over here the longer it and
wrap it around for scarf all have to try
that and post pictures around that's
very interesting gray oh and a gray one
for underneath oh wow that's so cool to
cover the neck with pizza that's from
Amalia collection Amalia - collection
calm check out link inscription blah
blah thank you ladies I will take
pictures with those when I get tossed
whether they also sent me this lovely
turquoise really enough sequins will my
darling Australia I live with an
Australian girl and she is hilarious are
you all hilarious I don't know anyway
next I got really nice and Turkish items
a Turkish I bracelet because that's like
a Turkish thing there we go one of these
they also sent me and this lovely lace
goth which I'm yet to figure out how to
wear probably will starve around my neck
then how lovely is that look at it look
at it against the white bloody gorgeous
isn't it there Ottoman princess hid yet
a water droplet scarf which is this one
check it out
look at it look at that effect hello
they're cold and facebook-dot-com
forward-slash UK Turkish delight by the
way they also sent me a volumizing
scrunchie a really nice turquoise one
and it's funny because I've got my first
one ever from Yahoo spaz and I don't had
it for about I don't know two years now
and I stretched it out too much so I
needed a new one anyway these guys also
have and volumizing scrunchies um in
turquoise I got one turquoise I'm
wearing it now
but so I can't show you but it's great I
love it sorry I'm looking a bit beefy
right now
these guys make are also like handmade
jewelry company and they make things
with their hands and their shop is 786
style webs calm
they sent me these a while back actually
back in a time but I'm back there
instagram is Jun say jewelz and let me
show you the kind of jewelry day how
provided new is I shared this one on
Instagram cuts my favorite one they've
used buttons and nice light greeny
beads there it's cool it's really like
different kind of jewelry you know not
something that you like anyway look at
this button bracelet how cool is that
very very nice today who then they've
got these like and you know when you
make like rings wire drinks I'll show
you any other white that's have made
what with Y is how cool is that with the
big and that's what they've sent me
basically all this jewelry that they had
made which i think is really cool it
must take quite a lot of time and effort
but it's beautiful stuff and I guess the
easiest way to check them out would be
on Instagram face and then you can go on
to their website and check out the rest
of the stuff then I've got a bunch of
gorgeous accessories from and what are
these guys called these guys are called
dusty diamonds and scoffs
facebook-dot-com forward-slash dusty
diamonds jewelry but just so you know
10% of all their profits go to charity
so um they're also on instagram at dusty
diamonds they've got this gorgeous cuff
bracelet
check out very very very nice some very
handy stuff for me for like what I need
to dress up in my and I got my favorite
piece from the wall a rainbow
multicolored spiky bracelet which I
totally are in love with really cute and
flower rings it's a little diamond T
like rub it sorry my fingers look so
nasty free Palestine
bracelet and then these handmade ones
peace ones that scoff because they have
scarfs and this is the gorgeous kind of
pinky red with multicolored curls on it
so if you're like babysitting your boy
you nice one day this would be the
software okay so that's one dusty type
and that's everything I got you in in
the mail what in the post so thank you
everybody who sent me stuff and check
out all the links below and also see you
in the next video until next time keep
it covered peace
