hi guys how's it how's it going today
and okay this is what I'm doing today
I'm doing to UM bun style tutorials one
is for this one which is a really old
Kris Kross bun look Oh glasses are
totally wrong today the really old Kris
Kross bun look that I did about two
years ago when I made that Cape coat and
a long time ago but somebody recently
posted on my Facebook page requesting
good tutorial for it because I've never
actually done a tutorial for it but I'm
so glad they did that because I've kind
of missed this style and I really like
it the lava the blood level anyway so
I'm a new tutorial for this look and I'm
also going to do tutorial for the most
recent bun style look that I've been
doing in my September favorites video
and in the bella roof review video and
I've been doing getting a lot of
pictures etc so we'll just start off
with this one right now shall we go also
just a little disclaimer thing whatever
that means ignore the creases in both
the shirts I am wearing this video
alright have one than both and ages and
their creased for a reason reason being
they haven't been ironed all right so
putting those comments will just be
pointless alright I said for this look
what you can do is you're gonna have a
one shorter side while the longer side
now I'm using another scarf from and
these hi Jeb's they sent me a bunch of
scars I'll leave the link in the
description gorgeous scoffs anyway one
short side one long side and what you
can do see what we see we've got here
I'm just gonna bring this piece back so
it's just kind of covering our face and
what you can do is you get a pin just
right over here just to keep it kind of
secure you don't have to but I would
recommend but then what you can do is
you're just gonna cross the sides over
like we do with normal kind of bun
styles and with the rest of this short
side you're gonna find an edge any edge
the longest edge and you're gonna just
bring that over here like so and cross
it over your other side like that okay
and you're also gonna bring all of this
up here gather it all up and then what
you can do just I would just get a
safety pin but you can use a lion pin or
just
difficult they're more guaranteed to do
the blow by the blood then why you can
do with this is you're just gonna bring
it over to cover all safety pin
craziness and you're gonna bring it over
again and just tuck it in to the first
bit and again I reduce the safety pin
just by here to secure it underneath and
then say to people be covered so there
you go guys that's that look the look
that I did back in the day if you think
I look different I fill my eyebrows in
in black pencil rather than brown
eyeshadow so that's why anyway so
there's the criss cross turban kind of
look just going to put my gloves on to
the fill weird makeup so there it is
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and on to
the next one which is for the most
recent one okay they're fairly the same
length but one is just slightly shorter
than the other side and then what I'm
gonna do as usual is bring the back
because this usually works with the
really why scoffs bring the back over
the head like so so you doubled it over
to give it a bit more you know goofy
wilkesy I'm stuffy Wafi there you go
okay then what I'm gonna do is just grab
these two flick them behind me I'm gonna
also go now or close the window to
bloody loud anyway flick those behind me
itch over the sides call for security
like so then what you're gonna do is
bring over here and just do a normal tie
like so and as you all know you left
with miss the bunny rabbit great stuff
what you're gonna do with this little
piece let's just tuck it in on the side
right
and what you can do with the long piece
you're gonna spread it open like sir put
it over the short piece and also tuck
into the side I like it to be like
slightly big and like messy kind of
looking excetera
so I just gently pull up pieces to like
ruffle it up slightly like that and why
here just have a bit more going on and
that's basically that look guys what I
love about this look is this it's the
one earring look which I've always loved
and like in my head I've always thought
if I wasn't here JB I'd wear like one
hoop on one side and then just a stud on
the other you know all that stuff sorry
I just burped it's just the one earring
look which i think is totes cool
don't mind the crinkle Nisour the shirt
and then what you can also do then
obviously is put on the glasses of the
my glasses so you've got the glasses and
the one earring look which I'm loving
right now for holidays etc and comfort
accept read about their look so thanks
for watching guys
until next time keep it covered peace
