hello darlings how are you doing today
okay today's video is a video that gives
you guys chance to win stuff because i
haven't done one of those in ages where
you guys get something out of the video
other than my ideas etc so um basically
I've got a whole bunch of accessories
you guys just get a chance to win one of
each of the accessories I show you very
simply by commenting at the bottom of
video a nice comment obviously if is
horrible and you'll just be glad all
right yeah well I'm quite sick of these
glasses I think I need some new cat I
ones or something like that what do you
think guys yes cat I ones on the way
anyway I'm just gonna get straight into
it you guys have actually seen this
bracelet I was wearing it in my gut male
video yes I was a nice kind of knock
cuff but almost cuffy kind of bracelet
they go my son grungy for your gangster
days this is one of the bracelets which
is one my favorites it's also very
comfortable and if you have fat wrists
do not fear because elastic is here oh
I've also already showed you guys this
necklace did I tell you where these a
frog no i didn't buy all the items i'm
showing you are from favor deal calm
favor spelt the American Way which is
our favor F AV 0 r I believe okay anyway
I leave all the links in the description
I'll leave the links to each and every
piece of jewelry in the description bar
anyway I've shown you this necklace also
which you can wear as a headpiece if
you're feeling quite Athens or Greek
goddess or then as a great Saint Minich
and to be honest I prefer as a necklace
with like my camo kind of gear or some
nice black leather or anything that goes
with anything really it's like a fish a
really long one with the bones
isn't it like that do you think there's
a fish and we check the meat off and
we're left with the spy fish necklace
let's call it and then we've got these
which are little chanel earrings little
replica chanel e nevertheless they are
beautiful a little crown and die Monty's
olive oh my henna looks like i'll put my
fingers in cow done little Chanel e
wellies next I chose this ring over here
this kind of dusted bronze looking ring
that just says love on it right there
lovely jubbly by the way they've got
hundreds of choices on the website I've
just chosen 10 items but you could
literally browse on there for good
couple hours and not notice the time 50
this is my favorite piece is this
gorgeous bracelet this isn't my favorite
second two favorite sorry and I've got
quite small wrist so I can just Oh
I broke it
oh well you still get a chance to win it
even though I can't show you here's the
remainder of it I guess I can still wear
it as this live lanlan anyway this
gorgeous ring which fits on this finger
lovely pearl ring not this one this one
over here which would look very nice a
free evening out so we have this ring
tangle nation necklace let me just
untangle it one sec I might take a while
you can kind of get the gist of what
kind of necklace is in fact it looks
great likes like this in my eyes look
gorgeous if you look far away enough it
looks like shiny kind of feathers with
chains gorgeous necklace again could be
passed off as a beard maybe not anyway
love this necklace get chance to win one
of these okay here comes my favorite
item and this is this gorgeous bracelet
I just show you guys I just love it if
they look like sweeties to me look at
them look at it just look at it on look
at that gold just oh look at it I mean
look Oh time oh no it's the bracelet
look look at it against the black this
is totally my favorite piece second to
last we have this crazy nikla also part
of it the beard maybe not anyway it's
one of these color ones that you could
not wear under a collar because it's the
collar but maybe over a t-shirt or
something with just a round neck or
maybe over your color you'll call out
like so anyway maybe for a boyish kind
of suited look blazer
t shirt collar and tailored pants there
you go last but certainly not least is
this gorgeous bracelet which is probably
going to be the most popular for you
guys I don't know I'm guessing this
gorgeous little bracelet which consists
of four triangles anyway so these old
items that you have a chance to wear all
you need to do is grab to my youtube
channel won't sell promotion and then
what you have to do is like favor deals
facebook page which is facebook.com
forward slash favor a deal link will be
in the description you must be 18 or
over if you're not you got to have your
parents consent you know or somebody
who's a 18 or over the consent and then
what else do you need to do yes and then
the final thing they need to do is just
comment in the comments below letting us
know what item you would like the most
and then the winner will be contacted
via your youtube username you'll be sent
a message most likely in the next week
or so um thanks for watching until next
time cubicle at peace
