hi guys ok this is the be random I'm
basically just filming a video recently
um a lot of comments I've been getting
on my videos is you haven't done a
random after the day video so I'm just
off out right now so before I do that
before I leave the house what I'm going
to do is just show you my outfit because
oh god please ignore the mess in the
back use a tidy up the fire film but
they left town anyway don't mind the
mess of Hendow as well it's fading out
and starting to look like crap so soon
or it alright so I'm cachet my often
really quickly it's literally gonna be
like a two minute long video if that
even alright so we'll just get right
into it scarf is lace doll hopefully
will be there will be launched blah blah
blah scarf round neck is hmmm this
knitted jumper thing is from forever 21
and and got like you know buttons to
clothes etc and you're supposed to wear
the other way round so the buttons are
at the back but I just want to open
because small a kind of thing you know
me I'm gonna see if I if I move back i'm
filming on my phone as well so that's
why the blah blah i'm gonna see if you
can see the whole outfit as I knew all
right let me just lift the camera up for
you all right let's go to the neat
corner all right here we go so I've just
got my little H&M cheezie Weezie's on
sorry there we are my little H&M shoes
uses on the dog tooth print pants I got
a just go also from H&M and this long
top is just a vest top from Topshop
sorry H&M four pounds and then I've just
got if I just come back here and then
I've just got these two cuffs which I
from a source so it's the bishopric of a
quick mixing outfit for you guys so yes
enjoy that at two minutes 45 seconds
long okay then toodaloo thanks for
watching next video is going to be the
giveaway one where you get to win loads
of accessories and the one after that
will be maybe a styling video maybe a
styling video or my other got mail big
joke anyway if you do have any other
suggestions for video then um you know
then you know comment in the descrip in
the comment section or ever and
and also alrighty so there you are sorry
okay then so uh yeah thanks for watching
guys until next time people covered
peace I know I'm back do you wanna hear
something really hilarious I've got my
nose ring that's not funny we'll leave
out but but you know when you're like
just about to leave and then um
something stops you and you're like I
have to change I was just like my
trousers so uncomfortable I need to
change right now and then I was like do
I really want to get on the tube with
these little heels on really do that no
I just quickly changed i'll just quickly
show you something a little bit more I
long as a bit nothing much basically I
just changed into black skinny jeans all
right okay keep covered this
