I'm back with another video as promised
what is that and finally I'm doing the
first episode of a celebrity look for
less with a modest kind of twist the
first episode we can get off with Gigi
Hadid each case you haven't guessed
already by the title of this video now I
asked you guys on Instagram via poll if
you wanted to see Gigi looks Beyonce
looks Rihanna looks or Kim Kardashian
looks then asked you guys to send me a
bunch of pictures of the GG looks that
you want to see this is one of the most
popular ones
it is Gigi Hadid quite recent pink a
puffer jacket look and everybody was
like oh my god she's so extra but I was
looking at those pictures thinking
that's really not extra likes us I would
real wear that I got really lucky with
the three looks that I picked to do
because I managed to find them all
pretty much close to identical obviously
for high street prices so in Egypt Gigi
is like a nickname for the Arabic name
jehanne 7 was like Gigi Gigi anyway so
here is the picture that I basically
copied the style off okay we'll start
from the top
Gigi has blonde hair and she had a top
knot so I did a nude color quite high
turban
simple really she's also wears thick
pockets in this jacket she also was
wearing these really eighties kind of
white frame glasses that had a pink tint
to them as well I managed to find these
on a sauce for I think about eight
pounds let's put them on and be Gigi for
a second don't know if they suit me but
do you also have these like drop down
earrings not exactly like this by Betty
just picked some le drop down earrings
from a source I think they were like 7
pounds by the way all of the outfit
details will be linked below on
shoppable links via my 21 buttons
profile so the link I give you below
will take you to a page where I have an
account and you can see all of these
Gigi looks and you can click on what you
fancy and it will take you straight to a
shoppable lick great I know anyway so
scarf is dutiful Tina glasses a sauce
earrings a sauce now it took me ages to
find a pink puffer jacket okay cuz
nowadays the collections are getting
ready for spring and that
but I managed to find it on misguided
and this is the first time I've ordered
anything off misguided and this is the
closest I could get now GTG one is a lot
Gigi Gigi's one GG is a lot more baby
pink than this but I actually prefer
this color sorry Gigi more people can
pull off this color then your color okay
it's metallic it's not sure about that
but waves and it was misguided it wasn't
expensive it comes down to just past the
knees now Gigi's jacket is almost it is
ankle length I think which is a lot more
high-fashion
all the way up there but it's fine
because this is the high street
alternative okay now as for her cropped
pink jumper I'm out to find a gorgeous
pink jumper a nice ribbed kind of
knitted one vey soft from big been a
while since I shopped on boohoo as well
I'll just take the jacket up so you can
see this is the jumper and the crop
section has like a something shape you
know I'm talking about very comfortable
as for the craziest part of the outfit
in my opinion where Gigi's trousers okay
they were very shiny very like Oh blingy
and I was like how the hell am I gonna
find those that's the kind of thing you
need to fight in summer collections but
I saw saved me again I managed to find
reclaimed vintage shiny ass pants
they've pretty much got the same fit you
know that kind of it and they have
stripes just not vertical stripes these
are horizontal and they have shine now
they're not pink but they do have bits
of pink in them and also if you were
interested they have a matching top to
go with these trousers on a sauce which
I thought could look really really nice
that's another crazy look Gigi if you
wanted another look there you go love as
for the shoes guys also to whom super
cheap super comfortable super tacky but
it's fine because this is the
alternative so we needed to find
something that had like the elasticated
strap over it like Gigi's one because
that's kind of like super in right now
isn't it and basically I found them on
baby I'm not too sure about the color I
think this whole look literally head to
toe earrings down all the way down to
shoes glasses everything is about a
hundred and
seventy yes I think just before we go on
to look number two I'm just gonna go
into the hallway and give you a bit of
posy posy now okay
let's go look number two and this is the
look it's a very simple sleek look a lot
of you guys said this look to me you
loved ear and I can see why totally
different the other look what I really
like about this video is all three looks
I like totally different genres can you
say that with fashion oh yeah Shoji
she's got her hair out and in this
particular picture on one side it's
flowing so I've literally draped my
scarf on my head we're going
one side is wrapped around my neck and
tucked into this polo neck dress and the
other side of literally left hanging and
then just take in one corner of it and
tucked it into my jumper to give it this
hair like drape now GG's got these kind
of glasses on where there's like a you
know a thing you know one of them I got
these ages ago years ago actually from
H&M but I'm pretty sure if you go to H&M
now or if you go to a sloth or if you go
wherever you could find very similar
ones the glass is 8 the hard bit okay
the hard bit actually was the bloody
jumper dress Gigi's is high-neck I
managed to tick that off the list
she also has very long gorgeous kind of
snuggly sleeves I also managed to tick
that off the list and her dress is mid
thigh length but I managed to get it
knee length and the booths are pretty
much the same as Gigi's but way cheaper
so this outfit was super super simple
no layering no nothing the most
comfortable scarf style ever you've got
simply one piece jumper dress and you've
got over the knee gray boots and there's
nothing else to it it is the simplest
outfit you could ever go to and look
this sleek / chic so the dress is
actually a little bit expensive compared
to everything else in this video and
that's because it's from whistles which
are still high street but it's more
high-end high street I think it is worth
the investment
it's hard to find jumpers this long cozy
sleeves like this and high necks but
it's the kind of piece that you keep in
your wardrobe for years and years and
you'd bring it out every autumn / winter
season with you you could also wear this
in the spring to be honest with you you
just don't need a jacket I'm wearing one
layer okay as fit the boots I got these
from a sauce as well and they are over
the knee boots and I got them in a size
6 Sid what size did I get this jumper
can you check it says Made in China all
right what's the size I got this jump in
a size medium for those of you who are
about my size I'm five six or just under
and I'm about a size 10 all the way up
to a 14 right let's take you to some
Posey Posey scene shall we
like a fastball in motion
okay guys I'm here with the third and
final look and I just have to put this
out there you know sometimes when you're
trying to look like a certain person or
celebrity sometimes it's just not gonna
work alright sometimes it's just gonna
be a big fat fail and in this case we
were lucky with the first two the last
one however is a great big fail only
certain people can pull off this look
gigi is one of them and the rest of the
people that can pull off this look are
maybe high school people who are very
tiny and adventurous and things like
that anyway we'll talk you through the
outfits this was the look that I was
referencing this is one of her older
looks by the way which probably explains
why I shouldn't have done it really gets
too old anyway I think she wore this in
2016 ripped jeans with a scope at the
top now I really like the skirt trials a
trend and I think it's actually gonna
come in really big this season that's
why I actually picked this to do I
thought would be good but it probably
will look nice on some people but like
not on Dina's figure I basically didn't
do sunglasses this time around because
the other two looks have given me a
headache wearing sunglasses and shooting
with all the lights so just use the same
ones alright save some money for the
scarf I literally just draped on my head
because Gigi's hair is out I think it
might have been better so maybe just do
a turban this time bombs by this point
I'm clean back at me anyway the scarf is
do see feel Tina are wearing a really
nice white chiffon flowy top actually
which isn't made to be tucked into
anything from ASOS and I also have in
red now in the pictures Gigi is like
really casually got her denim jacket
just falling off her shoulders none of
my denim jackets would fall off my
shoulders so casually because I guess my
back's too wide so why actually when did
as I went and chose a pair of really old
jeans and I cut them down the crotch and
I just put my arms in the sleeves
actually I think is a good idea it makes
you have a nice little cropped denim
jacket which i think is actually really
cool so like whatevs and they've got
frayed edges which are similar to can
Judy basically these jeans were like
flared so they look quite nice when you
rolled them up it's that slouchy like
yeah it's just falling off me kind of
look right okay and then I actually did
manage to find ripped denim
jeans with a skirt attached to it from
estas and it was a sauce in the sale and
they were just there by themselves all
alone on the website you could tell no
duels like ever gonna buy them but here
I was looking for a GG look so I'm the
loser that picked them and obviously
there's so many rips in them that are
really really showing your skin from the
front and back which is stupid for this
whole modest segment twist on things so
I wore a pair of Calvin Klein gray
leggings underneath which pretty much
blend in with the frayed White's bit so
you'll find their FYI I'm giving you all
these details but I would highly
recommend you do not wear this look
unless you are in high school and it's
non uniform day maybe even six form you
could you could get away with this kind
of look if you if you're incredibly
slender naturally slender and tall
anything will look good on you so you're
fine but if you're like me yeah stay
away okay and then the sliders that we
have are also wide fit suede sliders
from ASOS and they were pretty cheap as
well I think the sliders and the rocks
that have saved the look if it's been
saved at all but we'll keep it
consistent and I'll take you to a few
Posey Posey scenes all right I feel like
go away Buddha sauce Stephanie got sued
plus the recipe that first even if I
gave it before and I would not know how
to start it okay guys I'm back and I'm
just back to say goodbye thanks for
watching this video I really hope you
enjoyed it cuz bloody hell did it take
the life and soul out of me hopefully
you did enjoy it if you want to see
another one let me know in the comments
and let me know what celebrity you'd
like me to do if you want it to be
Rihanna then potentially as a potential
there other than that I need to go get
change I'll see you next week
