hi guys how's it going okay today's
video is gonna be four or five bun slash
turban tutorials all-in-one and these
are all a mix of all of this or all of
the bun slash Taliban slash turban
tutorials I've done previously and just
put together for you guys because a lot
of you guys have been asking so
hopefully you won't be asking any more
and hopefully you guys will come up with
loads of other ideas now because bla bla
bla bla anyway we'll get straight into
it I will be talking while I'm tying
you'll just hear the music and then
hopefully hopefully then you can and
just forget out so anyway just get
straight into it okay sorry my fixed
video okay
okay guys so that's the normal kind of
bun style but I did in the in my neck
scarf luxe video and this style you can
kind of play around with it to make it
look bigger or more African or just to
make it nice and kind of small like the
Spanish style bun scarps that they call
them in Egypt if you want to make it
bigger more African than you need to
wear your under then you need to put
your base underneath your scarf your
hair or your volumizer etcetera higher
and then the scarf will naturally form
higher as you wrap it around what you
can also do which is something I also
did in the next cough video is you can
get one of these smaller square scarfs
make them into triangle roll them around
like so and then just wrap them around
the head over here so it kind of gives
it that forties look kind of knot and
then you just kind of wrap these around
each other and tuck them in just ring
them to the side tuck them in like so or
tie them up and tuck them into the front
to give it a more turban style like that
add some earrings and you're good to go
it's very nice very secure very
comfortable look okey-dokey
try not to use a silky scarf though
because it does disable the hearing a
lot okay
okay obviously it's not finished but I
thought I'd just start talking from now
so you just basically tied it as you
would tie your laces and this is how you
do it with a huge maxi rectangle
rectangle scarf because it's a lot
easier to do with just a square scarf
because the bow is a lot smaller neater
I like things that are quite extravagant
I wouldn't recommend is going out like
this unless it's with a small bow but
this is perfect if you like a blogger
and you do photo shoots or you're
experimenting new styles cetera et
cetera which is like what I did with
Alyssia in the photo so anyway what you
need to do you kind of course leave
these too but it looks bit steeper so
just bring these around and hide them
behind or underneath the bow knot itself
okay you can bring this piece over here
in the front like a cell and that is how
I did my beau style turban there you go
I would go out like this actually but
depends where to be honest depends where
you go and what you're doing I think so
that's how to do it it's slightly
Messier this time but don't worry about
it practice makes perfect
next aisle
okay guys so this is the backwards
turban style which is the one that looks
like an alien but I did wearing the DN
planky outfit and the one also that I
did maybe a couple of weeks ago maybe
two months ago something like that I was
one that looks like an alien now it's
basically the same as the original
turban style the one way you just tie it
and put it that way but it's just back
to front you know okay so there's the
alien one for those of you guys who want
to know I don't really like this or
particularly for going out in but it's
alright to try it I guess
okay guys so this is the turbo salt I
did in in my DIY cap toe heels video so
you're basically going into the turbine
but you don't do the tie-in you don't
bring those two rabbit ears to the side
and tuck them in and that is this bit
needs to be tucked in more but practice
makes perfect and this is a style my
sister's been doing and because it's
slightly more subtle if you're already
wearing the bun style scarf but you want
to go into turban this is slightly more
subtle and it's completely more sick
looking also but I think it looks
basically more like one of these this is
a style that looks basically more like
when you buy a turban piece itself which
is a lot which is what a lot of Arab
girls wear I see them when I come to
want to go to Oxford Street and they're
here on holiday they just wear this over
the head like so so this looks a lot
more just like a ready-made Tevon
basically okay but it feels a lot more
secure obviously because you've tied it
there you go
what's the other one last tutorial
this is the final one this is the one
that I did in well similar to the one I
did in my previous video which is my
August favorites video this is the more
pineapple head looking one it's a bit
more afro groobie looking on the top
rather than going all the way to the
back you cannot see but and that's how
you do with a rectangle scarf I'm also
going to show you guys how to do with a
big cotton square scarf because that's
what I usually use when I do this look
and it looks a lot better with the
square one okay
okay guys here's the final look which is
the one I did in my previous video and
this is to be honest my favorite look
pineapple head look with a square Scott
I don't know I just think it's really
cool to be honest anyway so and
hopefully it's been of some help for you
guys hopefully now you guys will be able
to at least get started in tiny turbines
and then get your own ideas I'm doing
your own twists etc because there's so
many ways to wear it
it's a ridiculous every time I wear one
it comes out a bit different than the
last time anyway so you know there you
go
I was going to say okay hopefully now
there shouldn't be any more button style
requests because from the first second
one I showed you with the normal bun
hope you can go in for more of the
African look as well yourselves okay
whilst they're gonna say that
really so until next time thanks for
watching
and you covered
