Gina's not allowed to have any pictures
taken
the game paranoid
Dina get in the loop
from alicia say something
oskido he bite you you should come
that's just like it you must yeah you
must you must shut up yeah but i think i
think i've been here to talk to the
point of the point here we go strong is
I'm going on to the second brush with
gage has he don't never take it as a
girl Jackie there be a brother-sister
that's bitchy teen I'm to denny's
through Nexus are joining the cookie jar
that'll keep your son here and
everybody's we can drive the wonderful
inside the birth the same oh god i wanna
brass music british here this emotion
taking place grab the coordinate equal
to 22 dollar price be better it went
about it
cool and if you only knew gasper when
that blew it will give up when it go in
the fool on the nose so believe when you
stand as you raise up the hand on the
heart we will say oh this is an
opportunity chef bye daddy need to be a
key we think room
yeah but a reality Williams like that
okay then did a Google search by
clicking on Suzanne Maria Joao Sousa
haha feed a bigger okay yeah
Oh
ASDF Peroni ah no friends
we missed the escalator
wait until now because you're talking to
each other tell me to fill
you
question blogger with a personal life to
be honest I don't manage it the blogging
and then fencing likely kind of just
only is my life if you don't wanna mean
I America wrestle with the people who
loves people who follow me treasure I
it's just every day today I'm constantly
blogging it's just part of my life I'd
ever manage my time so I'm doing this
and then the whole thing is just
blocking and and feel every day just
love every way of doing something to do
and I'll publish it somewhere today if
this whole Indonesia event will be open
YouTube just so everyone
people talking to your life like that I
did it first but it's not as crazy as it
is here but in London like people will
see me and recognize me but not many
isn't exclusive like so I love really
think I want to know where until I came
here that is totally so good but I guess
how you'll manage your time with your
alignment I am like taking its kind of
difficult to have like all the different
aspects of my life but keep them
separate but I'm trying to work on my
own projects they're going into more
like personal like artsy prod products
and welcome to different people and
collaborating so there's like lots of
different things that are kind of going
along with the Big Bang
listen to be out this year
Thanks behind me guys I'm next to die as
well bring miss indonesia has never been
into asia so i have me and okay with it
just make sure you only very inspire
each other as very less can you give us
a pose just spurs / your block from
above best boss okay then you give us
clues okay yeah run okay okay to both
crazy pulls another post yeah 3 Tim one
we on the old city indonesia as Nadia
wow yeah that's so nice that one so this
is our last days indonesia and where are
we put what food is it oh this is a high
down from Samantha padding from Sumatra
and basically what they do is they put
piles of place on our table and
everybody just digs in everywhere
there's my mom say hello d an idea plan
the biggest pelangi Indonesia and here
they are just piling the food now we're
going to you hi guys today's my last day
and got da we've got my plane is that um
730 just evening which is about twelve
o'clock midday UK time I think I'm
Marshall anyway just finished packing
and changing and stuff and now we're
going to go to just get too comfortable
so that should be quite exciting and
then I think we're just gonna go for
lunch and then just go home and it's
gonna be so sad because this trips been
totes amazing man like probably the best
trip and also probably like the most
surreal thing I'm I've experienced in my
life but um you will see that in the
vlog video which is this video so what
am I talking about anyway and i hope
you've enjoyed watching this i know is
pretty long but there was just so much
to try and film and there's so much that
hasn't even been filmed but I've tried
my best for you guys and until next time
keep it covered peace and there is it
tree mckersie I think it's true bekasi
which means um thank you very much and
then hati hati hati hati means careful
be careful careful and then what else
have I learned um I've learnt and nuh
and that means nice Anna um I've let
loads of things what oh yeah and I learn
how to do the Indonesian dots which goes
a little something like that so guys
here's how to do the Indonesian dance
that Deanna herself
taught me how to do and it was pretty
hilarious you good idea key thumbs up I
didn't leave back like this so it's a
big gangster really you just need to get
the guns out in london on the thumbs are
ninden easier okay please as well guys I
just want to say a big thank you to all
to everybody who's kind enough to give
me gifts and everybody who's kind enough
to come up to me and say they love my
work and to take pictures with me
everybody who came to the event because
without you guys of course they wouldn't
be an event and without Dan there
wouldn't be an event so thank you huge
thank you to D and that girl is pretty
amazing and she reminds me so much of my
cousin so I just feel like I kind of
know already and well done to Deanna's
all full I'm selling out her book her
first ever book which is the M Street
saw her jab street saw one that she went
around Asia to do so well done on that
as well Deanna and hopefully I can come
visit you again sometime and shuttle I
the future or we will meet up in Egypt
Thank You diem and her husband must eat
or okay these and her mum Oh in
Indonesia they say sir I'm like this
forget your hand and they go like that I
feel slightly like um older why their
friends going off Wellington am oh no no
we just finished packing or just waiting
for my mom too she's just buying a bag
from downstairs now we're just waiting
we're just waiting for the bell no we
just went to the bellboys to come up and
connect the suitcase but it's okay we've
taken as much as we can yeah we've taken
this much yeah yeah everything fits he
everything's good home today where are
you coming out today yay so I go
yes anyway that's what they do and when
they say hello to the elders when they
say salam they took their thing like
that so I need to do to dm's mom cuz I
totally forgot but what else I'll say
they do oh another thing that
indonesia's do sorry you've got one eyes
closes because it's so bright and my
eyes are just stupid but hum delay how
wise anyway another thing indonesian to
do is they go um when they say salaam
alaikum on the phone to go so let go
it's really really cute anyway in my
next couple of videos i'm most likely
gonna be saying talking about i'm most
likely going to be going on and on and
on about this and that I happy to
Indonesia blah blah blah why it was so
fun yesterday we went to ban dong dong
dong which is like two hours away two
hours drive but it's about three hours
cause of traffic and whoa and yeah that
was really nice the weather is a lot
cool over there we went and sat on like
a.m. we went and SAT in like a
restaurant which is like up on a like
mountain or Hill something like that and
you can see the whole of van dong and it
was absolutely amazing and I had I had
duck over there yep I've got to vlog
there whoops and thank you as well to UM
Dion's friends who took us out in band
doing and thank you too so neb and dari
dari Dhara woohoo rd and assistance I
think thanks to everybody who made our
trip really really great and may just
want to come back because we now love
indonesia so anyway I'm really really
gonna go now and hopefully now I'm back
from Indonesia I can get back into my
videos my usual videos and blogging and
writing and designing and lazy darling
etc etcetera etcetera okay I've got a
lot planned for you guys so keep it
covered yes yes
