right hi guys I am back with a another
video I very almost missed the deadline
my deadline is Friday because I did a
little poll on Instagram poll oh man I
don't know asking you guys do you want
my main channel weekly uploads
to be on a Wednesday or on a Friday all
on a Sunday basically most people voted
for a Wednesday or a Friday and then
barely anyone voted for a Sunday which
is weird because I always thought sunday
was a popular day but clearly it's not
so I just thought you know well I guess
I'll pick a Friday because Wednesday and
Friday was like quite equal anyway so
hopefully from now on in sha allah if
god allows me to stick to my schedule
and time management plans then there
will be a video on this channel every
Friday unless I say otherwise
today's video is going to be not to shop
for modest clothes or have to shop
modestly whatever the hell I've titled
it years and years ago when I first
started blogging which is about seven
years ago it was really really hard to
find clothes on the high street that was
suitable but now if you ask me it's a
lot easier some people still find it
really difficult which is why I'm doing
this video my first tip would be
don't restrict yourself to specific
shots that you might be used to so when
you're going shopping you go into the
town center or your local shopping
center wherever you call it yeah here in
Cardiff we call it town brough so when
you go in town right if you don't visit
a specific high street store like let's
say mango or Vera Moda even if you don't
normally go into a river island then go
into it have an open mind because you
literally never know what you could find
that is actually really really suitable
and really easy to wear but also you are
broadening your variety to different
size Inc in different shops because we
all know that sizing in shops is a bit
messed up to be fair a lot of you guys
look at me and you think I'm a size 8 to
10 I'm lying you mainly think I'm a 10
to 12 but I personally don't think I am
a 10 to 12 I'll get into a 12 if I'm
lucky and then I'll wear 12 plus
especially with my top choices I almost
always buy tops that are bigger than
what somebody else might suggest which
goes on to tip number 2
don't restrict yourself to whatever size
you think you are so if you're normally
a size 1012 on the bottom max if any
other shop says I'm a 14 on the bottom
he'll know my bio from them I say you
don't have a size you are literally
whatever size looks best on you when I
go into a shop I don't look for the
numbers I literally pick out a range
that looked like they might fit me and I
try them on and I decide which size
looks best on me
do not let the number make your decision
because you could be a size 12 but that
size 12 could be skin tight and you
might just need a little bit more extra
give for it to just hang better on your
body the majority of things in my
wardrobe especially tops is 14 plus I've
got tops in there the are a size 18 UK
and nobody would ever think it I've got
trousers that are size 14 but then I've
also got trousers that are a size 10 and
I even have chances that are a size 8
you know and it all depends on the look
that I'm going for how I'm planning to
wear each piece of clothing as well a
piece of advice that I honestly need to
take on board myself because I am the
worst culprit when it comes to this
looking for quality okay for example I
used to be this person and I used to
walk into Primark and I used to blow all
my money on 50 pieces of clothes okay
not 50 but you know I mean tons of
clothing all these clothes would hang up
in my wardrobe I would barely ever wear
them so a lot of the time when I'd clear
my wardrobe out I'd say that I'm
literally getting rid of things that
still have the tags on whereas as I've
grown older and you know more mature and
things like that
I've realized that it's actually worth
spending a little bit more money on
quality because when I have them that
they're pieces that have stayed in my
wardrobe for a very very long time and
I'm not ready to get rid of them yet
because they tend to be a bit more
timeless they tend to have more quality
they're kind of the pieces that you'll
always find yourself going back to even
if there's been a period of time that
you're not wearing it though next piece
of advice would be
don't restrict yourself to looking for
clothes that will do the job by
themselves so for example the right
length not being see-through long
sleeves high neck all that stuff because
you're gonna make shopping a lot harder
for yourself again you need to have an
open mind to everything that you see in
the shop
obviously except for like lingerie
because that wouldn't make sense
although last summer the whole lingerie
kind of vest things with the lace over
shirts and tops and high necks was
really really really trending a lot of
modest fashion bloggers rocked that
style and they rocked it really really
well so maybe you can look at lingerie
section but like maybe not just just to
be on the safe side maybe not so you
need to be able to look at everything
that you see in the store and have an
open mind to it example this is a piece
that I got from monkey
it still has a tag on it I actually
haven't worn it but I know I will wear
it at some point and I have it in plain
black as well just a vest top army print
as you can see and over the top of the
black vest top you've just got a mesh
army print layer the sleeves are
see-through and then it goes all the way
down to your ankles and there's splits
on the side now if you were on the hunt
for you know modest pieces and like just
one kind of pieces to do the job you
would totally walk past this in a high
street shop look at everything like as a
piece of the puzzle figure out how you
can make it work
into lots of different outfits so for
example I would literally use this for
layering by the way another tip layering
is your best friend for real this I
would wear underneath something and I
would have this to give me a bit of
extra coverage and a bit of extra length
with maybe a black sweatshirt that is a
really nice fit but might have short
sleeves or it might be too sure at the
front and it's got my crotch out and I
don't really like showing my crotch
because I'm not comfortable with showing
that area in the majority of trouser
styles and jeans some Styles I am
comfortable in you know showing the
crotch area and in general I also like
to cover my butt area as well I just
don't like how it looks to be honest
with you it will depend on the style of
trousers again but the majority of
trousers and jeans etc I like to cover
the majority of my but the shortest I
will wear will be just just covering
under the cheeks and then that will be
normally with like nice flow
trousers or like palazzo pants also
depends on the time of year and where
I'm going and it depends on my figure as
well it depends on if I'm pregnant you
remember when I was pregnant with Hannah
like my style changed slightly to
complement my bump and my like growing
the body more and more so this is an
example piece of something that you
might not pick up I wanted to talk a
little bit slightly about wardrobe
staples for you know the modest fashion
dresser or whatever one of those staples
100% and I've always said this is gonna
be a plain basic long-sleeved white
shirts as well as like a pale blue one
as well as potentially a pinstripe one
you can literally find these all year
round in any high street store I tend to
get them slightly oversized a good long
sleeved and a decent chunky white collar
so that when I'm layering and I've got a
jumper over the top oh I've got another
top over the top or something the collar
is very prominent another staple is
boyfriend jeans for me anyway if I'm
struggling with an outfit I've got a
really nice top on or a nice jumper
almost always the most timeless and
classic thing to do is to pair it with
good fitting boyfriend jeans and just
clean white trainers if I'm stuck for
something that is why I will go for if
it's cold outside or it's raining and
you need a jacket you stick on a trench
camel color Mac trench over the top you
stick it on classic time that's
something you will find yourself not
chucking out another piece of advice
accessories and one of those accessories
as collars I bloody love collars and
whenever collars are available on in
high street shops or whenever they come
out I like to buy almost all of them so
we've got this knitted one which is a
bit more wintery and it's from a soft
their collars / bibs and I love this
kind of ruffle full neck that we have
here so you basically just wear it
underneath something and you tuck it in
and it just gives you that extra
coverage but it can also add a totally
different look to your outfit completely
changed the mood altogether which i
think is handy to have because they
don't take up space in your wardrobe and
they're not expensive also have it in
pale blue got the classic white bib
colors which are very very handy you
have no idea because guys as well
layering with like crisp white shirts
undo these stuff can be annoying
especially if you're a bit bigger I'm
not a really slim person I'm like I'm
like I think I guess I'm just average I
don't know who I am but I'm not a really
slim person and my weight goes up and
down during the year every year so I'm
never like settled in my clothing this
next one is a revile and one nice kind
of grid gingham this is another ASOS one
which I thought was quite fun like with
the right outfit could be really nice
imagine if you're just wearing a really
plain grey outfit and you just wanted
something a bit more like different to
eat literally just add that to it and
it'll look like a totally different top
and then we've got this one over here
which is a sauce a bit more blingy a bit
more summery this is the kind of thing
that I might use maybe over a white
shirt to jazz it up a bit when you're
out shopping and you're looking for
suitable things don't think about what's
on trend because what you'll find anyway
whatever is available in the high street
will usually be on trend and that's why
it's high street because it's quick
fashion it's it's junk fashion basically
and there's such quick turnaround with
things because they're constantly
keeping up with the fashion so they've
kind of done that bit for you sometimes
the easiest outfit solution is just to
change the shoes I could let you be
wearing an oversized hoodie with joggers
and just doing the nursery run but in
the evening I could take off those
joggers wear a good pair of boyfriend
jeans and just add heels to it add some
makeup on change the earrings and
automatically the look is transformed
also you know if you don't want to shop
on the high street as much there are so
many stores online now that cater
to modest fashion a lot of them are
Muslim owned a lot of them are not
Muslim owned but if you find it really
difficult to shop on the high street and
it's taken you time to kind of be able
to figure it out or just to get used to
it or you just some people don't enjoy
that some people don't enjoy going on
the hunt and mixing and matching they
don't enjoy doing that and that's fair
enough because lucky how the shopping
can be difficult if you don't enjoy it
then you know there's so many online
stores that you can have a look at that
cater specifically though one thing I
would say is keep all of the advice I've
just given in this video in mind even
when you're looking at modest fashion
branded clothing because sometimes the
pieces on there might not be to your
taste they might be styled totally
differently a lot of the time the
styling is really really kind of in the
box if you know what I mean
it doesn't come across as different or
fresh or new so just keep you know the
kind of advice I've given keep those
tips in your head you know being
open-minded if you find like a buyer
that's just a really typical classic
Iberia there's so many ways you can
style a barrier to make it look
different and fresh but still have that
comfort of wearing a Bay and the
elegance of it as well I'm just gonna
give you guys a list now of high street
stores that I find have the kind of
easiest selection of modest fashion
without them branding themselves as
modest fashion connections or whatever
number one on my list would be cause
costos now this isn't available in all
cities but it is available in London
there's loads of them in London it's
also available online almost every
single one of their pieces is suitable
for modest modest fashion whereas five
hundred percent number two that I find a
lot of things in and would be mango Oh
another Sikh brand is a sauce in general
but then specifically a sauce white
which came out I'm not sure when maybe a
year ago maybe a year and a half I don't
know it's something recently anyway and
it's very very very similar to cause I
have a lots of their pieces I'll just
give you an example of a sauce white
piece and then a cos piece so a cos
piece that I've had for over over two
years now it's not really cocky green
it's more like oli the dog a leafy green
I don't know I love this because oh hold
on the sleeves are tucked in so
everything's really really basic fare I
remember I used to literally make tops
with sleeves like this but
when I was designing so when I saw her I
was like yes man because I remember when
I'd make this kind of look with the
overlapping sleeve it was very very
flattering around my shoulder area and
then it's a v-neck which annoyed me but
then I thought well it's not that
annoying because I could just go ahead
and get one of my bibs and stick it on
underneath and I'll be fine without
being hot and bothered at the fact that
I have to wear two layers because really
I don't because this is one layer it's
not see-through
it's baggy it just about covers my butt
it's flattering around my shoulders and
all I gotta do is add a collar if you
don't have any bib collars you could let
you just get a plain sleeveless high
neck top for underneath more recently
from a source why is this top over here
very lovely fabric you know what I love
when I find something that's like white
majority white that isn't see-through
that's my favorite thing ever it's also
very very hard to find so this is a
source why it's very flattering although
there are a lot of ruffles and the
reason I find it really flattering is
because and this is another tip when
you're shopping for specific tops
especially if you're gonna go a size up
or a few sizes up then you normally do
have a look at the shoulders and the
shoulders theme basically ask yourself
where is the shoulder seen now if it's a
dropped shoulder like this and the scene
comes way past the shoulder it's most
likely gonna just hang a nicer on you
that's just my favorite thing to look
for in a top another thing that started
coming out recently its sleeves
literally a sauce now has sleeves that
you can buy and it just makes life
easier it's something that like as a
Muslim woman in her jab you know all the
women in our family have always been
familiar with the fact that you can
purchase sleeves and you can get them in
cotton and you know all the colors of
the rainbow
you can get them from elbow to wrist or
you can get them all the way literally
up to here and they're just really handy
to have if for example you've got a top
that's down to your elbows and you just
need some coverage but you don't want to
layer up because sometimes layering
specifically in the heat in the summer
it's just stressful man and it just
makes you pissed off to be fair TK Maxx
is amazing for head scarves if you just
go to the accessory section and you go
to the back wall and there's normally
scarves there normally I like to get my
printed scars from T came out because
they're always so different this is a
good printed scarf from TK Maxx and so
is this
got endless printer scoffs cars from TK
Maxx and we've been shopping their
scarves for so long from five-pound all
the way up to 20 pound all the way up to
50 pounds some of them because they have
a lot of like designer ones as well
Uniqlo obviously they've got the
collaboration with Hannah Tajima clearly
that's very modest friendly and they're
beautiful pieces but also in general
just their whole aesthetic is quite
modest friendly if you ask me and
there's also a lot of good underneath
tops and that you can get from their
fashion has changed so much and social
media has really helped the fact that
you could literally wear whatever you
want as long as you're confident in it
and as long as you are literally pulling
it off I hope I've covered most things
that I was planning to cover I probably
haven't but the general rule is to not
restrict yourself too much and try and
have an open mind if you want quick
inspiration you know what I do I flick
through magazine and I look at what
celebrities are wearing and I just
imagine being longer at the top being
longer or the top maybe being looser
I literally imagine this same exact look
but to my preferences which leads me on
to doing celebrity looks for less but
with a modest twist I really really want
to start doing that again because I
remember when I started it when I first
started youtube the most fun videos for
me to do because I'd spend that whole
week on the hunt for this celebrity look
which was cheaper obviously off the high
street but also with a modest twist so
let me know if you want me to bring that
back because I can make it like a
monthly occurrence and you guys can
leave your suggestions for what specific
look from whatever celebrity as well I
really hope this video helped you if you
want to see more of me this week then
you can head on over to my vlog channel
which I will leave the link for in the
description box I've been really
enjoying my vlog Channel so far in the
meantime I will see you back on this
channel next week thanks for watching
until next time that balloon just looks
weird there doesn't it however are you
gonna make me food please I do feel
sorry for you so I'll do you okay
because I've been trying to film this
video all week and I was supposed to
plan it today and then I realized I
don't know where my notes are on my
phone it's a plan and I couldn't get a
pen and paper cuz you just literally
been blown out now no it's nice
that is nicer no no because blown-out is
flawless
you look pretty flawless do we have
another battery for this camera yeah
case I ramble on forever which obviously
I will cuz I haven't planned this video
I'm just gonna talk at yeah because I
have deadlines now I upload on this
channel once a week minimum and you're
gonna make me Tiger Tiger lemongrass
please get my room with the gems are you
gonna make me bullpup make yourself
wanted this come and join you then it'd
be fun come on it'll be nice if you're
in in the back yeah I'm gonna start but
close the door yeah thanks love
