oh damn and I hi guys how's everyone
doing today a little bit of a vlog kind
of DIY video of me showing you guys how
I did a bit of ombre on my clothes and
there's not really a step-by-step it's
just showing you how I did it because
I'm not very good at teaching you know
and it's also going to be a bit of an
outfit of the day kind of video okay so
don't mind my shirt
it is really creased because it just
came out the wash because I dip dyed it
anyway what I've done is I've taken two
shirts this one and another one and also
a two-piece suit that I got from Primark
and try to do the dip dye on it in a
light pink kind of color so I'm just
going to show you how this shirt came
out and then I'm going to show you how I
did it and then at the end of the video
you'll see another two outfits I guess
okay so this shirt by the way is from
Primark very old and I wasn't using
anymore so and this is the original
color so I thought I'd dip dye it and
this is how it came out I've used a very
pale pink dye you'll see all the details
of what dye I used etc in the next clip
I might just cut the sleeves off and add
some spikes or studs to the denim jacket
don't know yet but hopefully if I get
time I will do that and this is just a
perfect example as well over denim on
denim outfit a lot of people to be you
shouldn't do denim on denim but I beg to
differ
sometimes anyway there's a shirt with
the jeans and I got this necklace by the
way from Topshop for three pounds in the
sale fantastic a I've then got my Asus
watch on and my two rings from hmm these
stuff I've got on my head in the turban
style is from on my soul a soul calm and
it's the no bobble one I've told you
about billion times but that will be
restocked with speaking Sharla I've just
got these earrings in a set of three
from as they're George for three pounds
great right isn't it this scarf style is
the tutorial I showed you guys a couple
of months ago on my channel so just
flick through the old videos and you'll
see how to do it if you like it so
anyway now I'm going to show you how I
actually did the dip dye with the items
I die and then make sure you watch till
the end and I'll show you another two
outfits as well okay hi guys okay so
this is the die I'm gonna be using dylon
powered up paint which is kind of like a
dusty pink I couldn't find complete
pastel but this should do so about the
noise my sister's making cuts in the
background I mean okay
sorry about that noise that was my
sister baking cupcakes anyway so I
bought two packets of dye because one is
enough for 250 grams of fabric which is
about one share but I'm only gonna be
dip dyeing the bottoms of my trousers
blazer and shirt so it should be enough
if I mix them together and then you need
about what does it say 250 grams of
lalibela alarmed 250 grams 5 tablespoons
of salt so what I'm gonna have to do is
show you I'm doing his hand dyeing I
don't need the washing machine calm down
okay so I just got any cheap assault
from a bargain store anyway show you
guys what I'm gonna do now hopefully
works okay so then what I'm supposed to
do is dissolve this packet of dye in 500
millimetres of warm water but I've put
in a a bit more than that just because
I'm using two packets of dye so I'm just
gonna go ahead and do that I suppose
hopefully this turns out alright and you
supposed to be using rubber gloves by
don't worry about it I didn't do that I
hope this turns out good otherwise it's
gonna be a waste of my time and my money
oh crap that one on the side
I don't know if that's six litres or not
but I don't really measure up properly I
just keep guesses but it's quite simple
you just read the instructions on the
map add 250 grams of salt but I'm gonna
add 500 because I'm using two packs of
die so to see my sister she's making
cupcake but I can't show you anyway I'm
gonna add approximately 3/4 of this this
bottle sink is that 3/4 yes of course
there we go adding 3/4 a little bit more
it's fairly simple you just read the
instructions but I just thought I'd film
what I'm doing just in case I needed to
upload it because I know that you guys
would fast for me to show you even
though there's instructions on this so
I'm just showing you anyway
what certainly six eighths what 500
grams of seven of seven oh it's two
thirds actually whoops two thirds sorry
guys it's two thirds is it too big 750
grams 500 grams or 750 that's two thirds
yeah but this is two thirds yes it is
is it or what 750 grams we use a 500
that's obviously two thirds is it or not
man anyway that's about all of it now
I'm gonna stir so I'm just using wooden
spoon and gonna stir like this dead fly
and then all we're gonna do is add the
fabric usually you stick all the fabric
in there and stir it but I'm just adding
the bottom so I always tell you in one
minute okay guys so here's what I've
done I'm just stuck in the bottom half
of the trousers in there along with the
bottom half of the Blazer and you're
supposed to stir it for 15 minutes and
then regularly for 45 minutes but I'm
just gonna prod it because I can't
really stir because the whole thing
isn't in there no if he turns out good
if it doesn't I'm gonna be really
annoyed because it's a waste of a suit
really nice one and a waste of my life
so anyway see you in a bit so I think
that's just about done guys
come out very lightly a zombie hasn't
died the green parts just the creamy
parts but all that's left to do now is
just rinse it in and then give it a good
wash in warm water and you will see the
results oh my back
hi guys okay so this is one of the
outfits with the SH one of the shirts
that I dip dye on braid and this shirt
as you can see came out this the kind of
came up the strongest wearing it with a
hoodie usual hoodie over the top and
just some light blue skins and then just
like font pumps and I've just matched it
with a really bright pink scarf which is
from lazy doll and it's the Dino toss on
their house on the bubble no problem
pink scarf I'm just gonna use my unusual
flame blue bag and yeah this shell was
from Topshop for 11 pounds of the sale
and that's it now I'm just going to show
you the other item that I died
okey-dokey okay so this is one of the
other outfits and basically the whole
outfit is from Primark other than the
scarf that's from liaison so as you can
see it came out very very subtle which
is exactly what I was looking for
because the suit is I'm pretty busy with
the print I wanted the ombre to be very
very subtle then if you could see in the
camera but it's a very light pink and
then goes slowly up towards the original
beige color so there's the outfit
accessory is quite minimal that same
necklace Michael cause to bring just
because the print is pretty crazy my
scarf is really poofy today but don't
worry about I just quickly change to
show you guys I'm probably gonna wear
this outfit for my birthday if I do
anything special if not then I'll just
wear it some other time
you know that's the final outfit guys I
hope you like it
and if anybody wants to know this
two-piece suit is still in Primark I got
the jacket in a size 10 I believe a 10
or a but I think it's a 10 I don't know
I think no I think it's at 8 I hope it's
an 8 but anyway and the trousers I got
them in a size 12 that's what's good
about it as well in Primark you can mix
and match the sizes because they're not
sold together they're sold separately so
there you go I hope you guys like it and
check out the pictures I will probably
put some up either on my Facebook page
or on didi Tokyo calm or on my tumblr
which is just in Tokyo I think or on
Instagram probably any old clothes
you've got like I said in my other
videos definitely try dying try bit DIY
and get some studs rip them up make them
look cool if you have time that's what
I'm gonna do if I get time anywhere on
the denim jacket I hope this video has
been somewhat a little bit beneficial
for you if it hasn't then I'm sorry
I hope you've just enjoyed the outfits
and I'm probably gonna do a birthday
haul next because a lot of you guys are
requesting it that's if I get any gifts
bad anyway yeah yeah that dylon died by
the way you can get it in any fabric
store or I think you can get it at
supermarkets as well place quite cheap
it's about 5 pounds of a pack so you can
also get the machine dye as well where
you just stick it in the machine that's
very very easy anyway guys I hope you've
enjoyed the video and I'm rambling on a
tad
so till next time keep it covered peace
