hi guys Scottie's okay this is our
attempt number two to do the makeup by
Yusuf oh just because I just wanted the
other one the lighting wasn't too good
and stuff so we just couldn't do a Ted
number two and this time I'm not going
to give him any advice what's lovely
except you so trying to use that
foundation so we're just gonna get
straight down to business still mind the
mess I'm just wearing stuff I don't have
any feelings for more so I don't mind if
they get ruined okey doke there you are
okay so let's get started shall we use I
think I'm going to start by using this
simple bendy benefit the reading list
I'll present it benefit benefit
foundation so it's kind of like it used
to be showing them darling you just sort
of like spin that and it comes out like
glue and I just felt it's my sisters
I do have one in astrology but to bring
you this is to seize actually so what
why is that in the foundation years I've
already moisturized my face with carrot
Queen we always start with foundation so
we just just like I see you just apply
it
no chance to Allah he was out oh nice
their foreheads done so a lie before has
done not completely look at useless boy
it does done meaning is that the forest
our to you the forehead is completely
finished right now we need some more
though spit out will you use a brush no
you don't need to put use a brush for
this one okay so then down neck cross
before over the eyebrows make sure you
got it like cover all the redness of my
face over all the redness of Jesus face
execute your what your hats to learn
today my heart is too low today the same
completely irrelevant
to this situation completely readily
it's almost done now I just need to see
this little bit here I left it last
because it's quite tricky so you need to
leave it last if you want to do so I see
this he know too much just do that
see it's actually perfectly what a
different what a beautiful difference
one down the nose like that then we just
want to put like two strokes down here
and one down there let me just rub it
already so now from the nose we spread
out spread out all right so just spread
outwards to get it all that's quite a
good technique yessir well done and see
what he's doing guys down and bottom
from the cheek we go inwards to the nose
to fill in the gaps inwards to the nose
outwards to the scarf hmm I'm up from
the ice uh-huh down there mmm nice and
up and then this disease piece this one
down
round the corner up the supermarket
train and catch the bus get on a bike
take a taxi and all the way up to
Sainsbury's get all the way around like
that so basically I'm gonna I'm gonna
add something for the eyes now Stu being
around dark circles going on so I'm
going to go ahead and add this this
fatal retraction 7/8 or retraction
basically but it's the best one it's the
best one I could find in the shop
because it's not like the other old you
know I waited you it's not like that
didn't like the other old L'Oreal
things it's fatal reaction video ad
astra natal reaction from Primark and
primer yeah how much how much different
co2 comes out sterli knee standing so
basically you just got the time you got
to figure out how to open it because
because yeah that's two different but
when I just do that what you flip it out
simple really you want a black around my
eyes yeah isn't miss just gonna make
them down during darker yeah exactly
okay so I'm just gonna not use this I'm
gonna collect out he got it I'm gonna
use this my guardian I knees this
Guardian rule on because it's not like
the usual spread ons you know you know
we're not spreading butter on toast here
we're rolling
I I nicer on to face :
so papa doodle do oh my god oh my god
yep hopefully that Levi is very
sensitive area you must be gentle with
it so now with this we use brush no you
don't use a hand finger please clean
finger clean finger so is that clean
guys
tis if there's too much to spread it out
into the face yeah that's why I do
perspectives sublet make sure that
spread probably on the liner so that one
comes round
down and around like around about like
this one's good that dust jams I'm gonna
take this exit the good thing
this one's jams I'm taking this exit
just make sure you get it all you don't
want any like gold hogs last them so now
I'm going to stay with you guys are
going to move anywhere too quickly so
you go ahead and use sign for eyebrows
and I'm going to use this brush gelatin
because it's nice and small to the
eyebrows okay and then then go ahead and
use dark brown because only because it
it makes them stand out light brown
what's the point in that
just shave I gotta I'm gonna get some
dark brown hate on my oh my gosh
grace you said got some dark brown now
on to the eyebrows I just just nicely
simply hate the eyebrows off
oh my god
I know cable comment something you're
saying I don't see the difference
do your own makeup Dina and then I got
Walker smoking and you see the
difference right so that one's done
next I back
for that
Wow
so dude are you doing makeup you yeah I
does is to have a quick know okay so can
you just look at me camera straight
eyebrows are done telescope tears got it
telescopic telescopic carbon black so I
live that by L'Oreal it's actually
mascara became a scar that's what they
call it in Egypt no so it anyway okay so
get some scar and then the muscari
usually goes on eyelashes well done step
you didn't move the redness from - the
money
so that's the top one done are you
kidding yeah stop wonder bottom one you
just go down the bottom undone as he
whose comedy dude now next one up good
motion again this is so scary
and then just do your mascara boy
alright that's gone terribly wrong
wasn't it I look like a beauty spy
doesn't matter alright
beauty spot and then going downwards
that's done then now okay what about the
redness around my nostrils what about
that I need to just redness from that
always happens at some point so you just
grab this one again you got this one
from the two z2z very kindly donated
it's gonna dab this time crap I'm down
and out so it's just oh oh down up up oh
okay
that's dope okay sweeties it's done and
then you actually need a vet not like
that so
just
that's done right
hey so I'm feeling yeah now want some
blusher blond blonde blondes yeah go end
up from San Blas L'Oreal Paris L'Oreal
Paris not the London one or England or
America Harry
so yeah brush for this so I'm going to
use this one this this brush really that
one and it was too big I can use this
now then I really that's what you use
for foundation this one this is the
brush you need to use so I'm going to go
ahead I think I'm going to go for is
this a color choice they can't see so
chill this is a color choice choice of
colors like ice cream so I'm going to go
for some pink so you just get some pink
in there benjoe it's so long
you get some pink then you go just for
the ice
for the eyes this is for the cheeks got
some painful
to
that made a difference
Grill next team
nothing's happened
nothing's happening he says nothing's
happening he says nothing's happening
so that's done right so now I've chosen
eyeliner so this is for lining the eyes
so well done like it like that to see so
this is heart so you line behind you
line them around the eyelashes round the
other half now so they can see you
number around the eyelashes by here so
you go
and below
you gotta call me you can link it below
the eyelashes really really how do I Pat
all this you yes tissue right there all
right so other right we just want to
poke the eye okay come on from my finger
stop moving around
Oh
so there's miles that one flipped off in
this one I do flick on the on the
content because your hearts lift up a
little Warren Oh
- lovely flex there so that's done and
dusted
mm-hmm finish lipstick that way no it
doesn't this one looks alright
okay but denticles twosies juices
expensive pcs expensive one an icicle
that I can okay so smart like a pan you
can't do that so you grab this I can't
see cuz your heart you just cook this
out of work back no it's cool
although the shape lips
you must be good at all
now with the tissue just wipe off the
accent the excess not access hey that's
not done this is a bit missing that
donor now I need to do this part
that's done so is this the completed
look venues basically is this the
completed look
yes or no well tis this is the
completely lit look I would go like this
when you're done with makeup you put the
lid back do you understand
right gets so guys I hope you enjoyed
that until next time say with me Yousef
keep you covered in things this man the
hippies stinky
