guys we've arrived Manchester what a
beautiful view changed my trainers into
heels because the poll I did on istagram
most of you guys said Dina make a bit of
an effort please no hoodies and jeans so
this is the effort lads we are doing
nothing right now we're just like here
this is right hi guys this is the person
who very kindly decided she's going to
take me on and carry me through this
life event she's gonna be great
she'll love that face we're gonna go
onto stage base soon and then hopefully
the lovely Hannah over here hey you'll
be getting footage of you guys although
we seem to have dominated the markets
it's literally just a style choice it's
literally all is it's a style choice
because all of you guys will know that
you've been shopping off the high street
for how many years
please and you've just been putting
pieces together to cater for how much
I just got into the hotel we've just
finished a Manchester event is literally
half 11:00 at night I think we were
signing books for about three hours and
the event itself was sick when way
better than I hoped handle a really good
conversation now I'm like quite anxious
for how the London one's gonna go
because ray it was so easy to talk to
her and Pandora Sykes is I'm kind of
doing the one in London and I've
listened to her stuff before so like
she's she's cool but I don't know what
it's gonna be like I think it's gonna be
great but I think it's gonna be very
different
I can't wait for the wonder one now but
now I'm gonna rest I haven't eaten
anything today except for had a coffee
and some sweets in the morning so maybe
I'll just have a huge breakfast tomorrow
tomorrow we've got a radio interview at
9:00 a.m. I think and I don't know how
I'm gonna do that hopefully well because
we did the TV interview early and that
went really well I was happy about
hopefully comes across good no no train
to Birmingham Birmingham six pm signing
guys how sweet are some of you guys all
of this stuff here was from a group of
girls it was so cute I think one of them
was called nyla if I remember they left
a little no Instagram Cyrus treats you
don't understand girls if you're
watching this I haven't eaten anything
today all I've had is a coffee and it's
almost midnight you have saved me and
then I also got gifted this beautiful
scar how do
well as that I wish I had an outfit that
could go with it tomorrow's look by
don't so have to incorporate that
another look I love it bedtime for me
morning guys
7:30 a.m. ready guys I'm literally just
wearing a hoodie and some like comfy
kinda trousers and trainers
I am so half wishing that I can get away
with just wearing this maybe stopping
the trainers to heels and maybe like
putting on humongous hoops we'll see
because this one's a bit more casual you
notice it's a bit early at 6 o'clock
it's not really an event it's more like
a signing any check out the hotel and
then Joe and hang out are coming in an
uber so that we can go off to do radio I
think I mean obviously I knew I was
signing books yesterday after the event
but I just I don't think I realized how
difficult it would be to sign books oh
my god I should have practiced that and
second of all my signature looks so ugly
put my autograph and I didn't know what
to write at people's books I was like
didn't do it quite quick so I just kind
of go to blah blah blah whatever the
name was enjoy loved prom Dina Tokyo
kiss kiss kiss I think it all went well
I hope people tag me from macaroons eeeh
thanks to nyla I remembered your name I
don't know if we can be bothered getting
changed when I get to Birmingham oh
swear this cuz this is so Dina
my mom was like Dina don't do a hoodie
for God just on the trains Birmingham
guys
doesn't it that can wear with it evening
nobody getting your nails done yeah
surprised I didn't show you this hotel
room it's so quirky and cool we've made
a bit of a mess now but how cool is this
bed it's bloody huge as the shower /
bathroom showers in there it's so cool I
love it and I wish I was staying tonight
but I'm not I'm literally jumping on the
train straight back home to the kids
right now we are going to Coco by Ali in
Grand Central
fake off guy was the bake-off guy he
kept he's opened up his own kind of like
dessert place so we're going there to
eat some and hopefully get some pictures
for the grey we're just in cocoa by Ali
in grand central Burma gum look how
Instagram herbal the cakes are oh my god
it's called unicorn latte and it's
actually delicious guys so nice
hello guys this is delicious you guys
all ready for Birmingham so this is what
I'm wearing it's just started
or is it Kingdom this one this is more
time right so I'm doing another tartan
print guys oh yeah with the yellow
trainers we are gonna go now walk down
to bitch Smith and get started and
Hannah again it's gonna get some footage
for you guys this is Hannah you'll be
seeing her a lot and now on hopefully
I'm back home it's Wednesday
yesterday the event finished a little
bit later than planned
honestly this tour so far has been just
epic for the book so way better than I
imagined but I'm home for the day today
with the likkle baby little baby Mika I
just bathed him we took Hanna in to
nursery today
and then tomorrow I'm back on the road
tomorrow is the London live event
Pandora Sykes who is kind of hosting or
interviewing me I guess which is super
exciting hello little feet on tippy sand
I'm gonna sling you now sweetie pops I
am I didn't tell you guys in the hotel
that we had yesterday in Birmingham
I saw 57 57 was staying in our hotel
room I've gotta send it quick cuz I was
I was gasps - Bravo I'd literally the
lift opened up 50 cent was in my face
and I just like acted like he was just
anyone else and then afterwards I
freaked out - Hannah who is with me like
that was Rick him 50 cent May she was
like what anyway then we tried finding
him I'm stalking him but we couldn't so
anyway I'm trying to get some work done
before tomorrow because then I won't be
back home till Friday night and then
it'll be the weekend and then it's just
gonna be all good I can chill for a bit
but actually there's a lot of house
organizing to do like I need to clean
the house I need to unpack a bunch of
stuff I need to organize a bunch of
stuff I need to get the room upstairs
ready because Hannah who you met earlier
on in this vlog is now working with us
and she kind of needs a bit of space
like just some desk space upstairs for
me and her to like get to work together
which is super exciting because it means
I've got help in creating better content
for you guys but also in working on some
projects that hopefully you guys would
like so I'll see you back on the road
tomorrow in London bye by the way
tomorrow is public
like you can go into a bookshop and find
my book
come on me Camus have a little nuts come
on chickie chops
who else just was either babies running
guys it's Thursday and we're on the
train to London anyway I'm in the metro
look but I'm a very I'm looking celerio
and then you open up
it's a double but as harmful it also
really a specific page and it's really
lovely and you should not see it which
is gonna go smoke haze them what was it
Susan get London we could try it by the
person coming in actual stolen then
what's the point if we don't look what
is guys were just on the Chiefs did you
see me then hope there I am again those
we're on the hunt there's water stones
is like a maze well this is tariqa we're
not going to be in history hope not i
knew we first had it gone downstairs
apparently guys
hello mattes not even here found it
right on top of ugh
Lowell actually I just placed it there
but who cares guys our next goal is to
try and get it in the shop window
whatever we can fit in me
there it is guys that's what we wanted
to see we wanted to see in a shop window
we did it's a bit annoying this by there
well do donkey laughing go ahead there
it is
we managed to get the shop window who
anyway now it's wearing our heads off
do you swear to
oh no we just in case we're exhausted
from Jason so we are now in print and
we're about hustle boot before I have to
make my way to Mikey B maybe it's no
wonder I'm feeling a failure
most days I is actually the most
it's the end of the night I just got to
Chiefs house that the book tour wrapped
thank goodness is finished I mean it was
great and everything but I'm exhausted I
don't think I ever got to show you guys
why was I having hay sauce white Pullum
bear maybe Zyra shoes really hope you
enjoy the book
leave me your reviews and that's it
I am noggin changed PJ's and never vlog
again only joking guys this is crazy
this is he might in me what's he doing
oh my god you see it does not have you
under control at all mate guys uses
looking at my burger the first time ever
what do you think is it promotes it for
me morning guys it's Friday and today
I'm going back to Cardiff back to the
kids back to Sid but first I'm going out
for brunch with to see potentially
Youssef and I didn't show you guys but
so many of you in the London show
bullet-like brought with you gifts for
me and basically I need to organize them
all into like a nice big kind of like
shopper bag that I'll get from watch
dispensers so I could take it back on
the tube with me because I only bought a
rock stuck with me because I am low
maintenance anyway do you like my Louis
Theroux t-shirt ok if I'm gonna be a fan
of someone it's gonna be Lou through and
if I'm gonna wear a t-shirt repping
somebody it's gonna be new eatery that's
pretty much it yeah I'm going out for
brunch and then I'm gonna make my way
later to Paddington and head home also
look at these beautiful flowers from
flora and that's for the lot of the book
also Megan Michaels new book which is
called together our community cookbook
and all profits from sales will help
support communities through cooking and
sharing food it's her grenfell but there
you go
well it's a cookbook to see it says on
there look together our community
cookbook forward by Her Royal Highness
the Duchess of Sussex last night was
amazing really good I was quite worried
about yesterday the London event occurs
like the final one and I just get a bit
anxious going onstage and stuff but it
was sick and it's so good to end the
book tour on probably like the best the
best event
I mean Manchester was amazing so was
Birmingham but I feel like London was
like buzzing Manchester was buzzing -
but London was like even more buzzing
but it was the whole the whole week's
been great anyway I'm gonna go eat and
then go bad guys we're about to walk
cupboard and he's picked up his elite
deposit to be covered give me the lead
oh my god boy clean quick careful
careful careful careful oh my god
there's a growling you aid oh thank you
very much oh my god let go oh my god -
see doggies act you know what it just
reflects to see cheese like this - she's
mad you were in the charge you just take
some pictures here and we've actually
got a hurry up you know as well I'll
take a pictures of two teen out okay
hold on I'll put you down guys so so why
does people
there's my jacket boys yeah oh you have
taken pictures here yeah
oh that's nice one don't abandon me
again again move up do some movement Oh
sick more more movement oh you're gonna
love that one yeah I'm gonna say wait
hold on I'm recording don't tell
everybody your secrets in life huh
just eat it and I forgot to vlog it but
here's me think I didn't show you guys
you know I've had semi-permanent lashes
on all equal last night like final event
just before bed I was just sitting there
picking them all off which is terrible
because Saturday I had an appointment to
remove them and now anyway I've pretty
much lost all my lashes after building
the strength back up and just
lengthening them for probably a good two
months so I'm gonna have to get back to
the eyelash we have oh well I'm gonna go
back to the house pack my stuff get on a
bus get on a train to Paddington I mean
get on a bus to Paddington get on a
train back to Cardiff
CiCi's always taking videos on me five
in this video Paddington I can try and
make 215 train by so we do you really
feel Allie now this bag because it's
filled with all the stuff that you guys
gave me so all of you guys who get
between you like they leave Edina bye
guys I'm back home and I've got this
like ready-made turban on that somebody
gave me at the events and I've gone back
to fun and I think they're for Mika
those ones they're too small for you
those ones anyway I'm just going through
I'm basically just unpacking and
catching up on housework and things like
that today and me and Hannah are just
sitting here yes whoo yeah thank you my
sentence boo boo I didn't you like that
one I think you're gonna like this one
Hannah some of them are like coffee
you're not gonna like that one its
coffee flavor you're gonna like that one
that's banila flavor yeah that one no
that one that's the one you're gonna
like there you go sweetie pop so yeah
today is pretty much just catching up on
housework and things like that at $7
this this cluttered bit supposed to be
the front I think but anyway it catching
up on so I just put a wash on I need to
unpack all my stuff I need to organize
my room I'm just being that mom that
says yes to anything today because back
home in the kiddies pretty much um which
makes you go to get food to open it guys
this week has been a madness but hum
Dallaire we got through it I really hope
you going
you can open the packet you can have
some Reese's
and burp knowledge has been great the
book is now available or actually
anywhere bookstores across the UK and
international people then Amazon is the
one and so enjoy it next thing is to
hear reviews guys and I hope you've
enjoyed this blog and honey you can do
it and you will do it
never give up okay look anyway I'm just
ending the blog guys thanks for joining
me on this whirlwind of a week and
enjoyed the book let me know your
thoughts below as well but if you let me
know below also go over to Amazon and
leave your reviews there particularly if
they're positive reviews not so much if
they're bad
well no I don't mind construct
constructive criticism obviously I am
but anyway yeah I'm going to end the
vlog here thanks for watching and I
shall see you on probably another vlog
after this probably a few more weeks
until I'm kind of sitting down filming
and I do want to get into more fashion
related styling teasing all kind of
things so I think that's enough Hannah
that you oh I think that's definitely
enough that's actually probably a bit
too much you're gonna have to share that
with me and pub yeah
how about really we should have more
left in the packet and less in the bowl
so put some more back in the packet I
think
