oh my god my favorite I know sometimes
these videos can be quite boring but I
like doing like March favorite February
favorites kind of videos because it just
means I can be myself and just talk to
you guys about ready and not really do
anything that's particularly very
helpful and it gives me a bit of a break
uh-huh because as you can hear in my
voice I think I'm falling ill okay I
think I'm gonna be deleting my Facebook
page just because I simply cannot handle
the timeline thing I'm possibly stopping
YouTube videos but you can just catch me
on my lazy doll so I guess so yeah
April's
totally pointless but I felt like doing
April Fool's even though this is
probably gonna go up after April first
but anyway pinch punch pizza must been
all that yeah I'm just gonna do my March
favorites video oh and I know I said
that this video was gonna be my hundred
and one out of this video but guess what
I lied again oops sorry
but basically um it's gonna take a while
to edit because there's so many
different clips from different days of
outfits I'm just gonna mash together and
I just need to wait till I can till i
get a good substantial amount of time to
edit it for you okay first my favorites
is this piece of cloth on my head and
it's a scarf and from lains doll calm
and it's the why my name's this should
make you feel classy darling though I
really really love it have a look at the
patterns is bloody gorgeous it is yes I
love the scarf because you can kind of
dress it up and you can also casual it
out as I have done today with just this
pink kind of sweater thing I'm good to
be restocking that it should be up on
the site by Tuesday in shuttle um choose
the morning choose evening actually
choose the evening that's what you guys
wanted okay and second favorite favorite
I'll just do like the make up stuff and
then I've just got clothes but they're
pointless so you know sacred folk
favorite is this body splash thing I
don't know if I showed you by I'm
showing you and me it's his body splash
thing from H&M and it's just so nice
because it's not strong and it does
last so you just go like this you know
if it's a hot day and you've been
sweating a little and you're starting to
get the whiff of Bo just go until you
can get him a shower and it's only like
two pounds for me to know this is the
guava and fig smells so go get it just
two pounds and it's really really great
and light and breezy for the summer
next item is is this bronzer powder and
it's medium glow and it's from Asda the
magic got on right now and I really like
it because it's just a nice matte kind
of round bronzing thing and there's one
pound fifty so if my face looks like
it's as the price right now then do tell
me and I will boycott this out of my
life okay oh and then next thing is
these 20 nail polish remover pads with
vitamin b5 quickies because you know I
like to wear nail polish so when I need
to quickly remove it it's just I'll just
show you it's just one of these little
pads and the good smell of nail polish
remover they just smells lovely
strawberries and you just go did me and
it all comes off and it's fantastic and
it's something like two pounds this is
also from Asda but you can get it from
boots and most other places as well okay
next item is this green nail polish that
I have on my fingers right now and it's
this color over here and this from Egypt
so there's not much point telling you
but I'm pretty sure you can get a
similar color from any makeup counter in
the UK okay so I like it because it's
not like a bogie green it's more like
slimy limey kind of green which I like
so yeah next favourite has been this de
toilettes I'm joking I know that's not
your answer I'm just being stupid and
it's also from H&M and it's a lovely
lemony line kind of smell oh I love it
some people might say some people say I
smell like what's not liquid
I love that smell I was gonna go to look
smell it obviously you got and that's
only four pounds and it's basically like
a perfume but it's not a de perfume
instead toilet it's just slightly like
okay next we're gonna go onto clothings
and I showed you this before but I'm
showing you again I love these shoes
right now
they are like perfect for this kind of
weather wet where it's sunny but it's
not totally summer so you don't look
stupid wearing clothes shoes and then
there's platform kind of flaps thing I
got from H&M I love these and and
they're just really great for like
dressing up an outfit I know it's weird
but I don't wear heels so this to me is
almost like a dressing up kind of thing
it's my leather jacket and it's from
Vera Moda and it was fifty pounds but I
totally loved it and I was looking for
one for ages and if you want to wear
wear a leather jacket right now is
whether it is perfect thick time for you
to wear it because it will get too hot
students sooner or later
next item I've also showed you this is
this bag from Siena I really wanted one
similar to it for ages and you know you
just know you're gonna use it all the
time or you just know if you get bored
of it I can swap it with something nice
for my grandmother's wardrobe she'll
happily take it maybe actually she might
think is cha vivo ever I can convince
her you know that's my fabric my sorry
my March favorites videos bit pointless
by just like doing them because
sometimes they're just like doing this
stuff oh yeah check out these bracelets
these are the ones I was telling you
about lovestruck online sent me yeah
pee-yew girl one with an elephant and
one with something that looks like a
fast ship or something I don't know okay
so that's love stroke on Raycom in case
anybody wants to know and this scarf is
lady Delbert Cobb in case anybody wants
to know and I am not really Dina in case
anybody wants to know April Fool's
totally bite you next video is gonna be
there loads of outfits well and then
after that we'll be DIY and something
like that I don't know oh yeah we
reached nine thousand likes on the
Facebook lazy doll page so that means
that we're going to be doing competition
and I don't know what competition we
should do those of you just saying oh
just like the post but that's not
competition guys that's just me telling
you to like something and I pick a
winner that's a competition competition
is something you
work for okay I do lives of random
giveaways where you don't have to do
anything so I want to do a competition
this time and so if you have any ideas
for a competition then let me know and
I'll post the final details on lazy doll
Facebook page of the competition on
Tuesday alongside the website update as
well inshallah check that out so yeah
that's that guys and till next time I'm
coming please
