I don't even know if I'm recording one
sec these are my favorite hijabs and I'm
going to tell you about them because
that's what this video is about ready 1
2 3 let's go okay so favorite scarf
numero uno is is oh my god don't look at
my side view and that mirrors disgusting
oh my god that's even more my bubble
tassel one the beige one I know you all
want it I don't know I'm still trying to
get it in but in the meantime I have
similar one to it which is exactly like
the one on my head which will be
available on lazy dog hello there Claire
made there and then that one there
number one let's just throw it over
there number two is my black bubble
tassel scarf you're gonna kill me yep
still trying to get that in but I have
these in black which is very similar to
this one just doesn't have the bubbles
on the end that's all that's the only
difference that's it okay that's number
two there's gonna be a very quick video
because believe it or not I don't have
that many favorite two jabs and the one
on my head is number three I love it
because it's lime green bile of lime
green okay number three is this one or
is this number four I don't know is this
Gogh and this is from Egypt a long time
ago maybe a year or two ago actually but
they're i'm pretty sure they've got
they've got them in all the shops over
there and i'm getting sick of the
pattern the patterns of it may but i
love the material and the way it fits on
my head so that's that one one of them
fell on second darling corozal of this
what is all of this over here okay so
this is my other favorite scarf with
this from hmm yeah this is my next
favorite one this is the machine of
scarf i got from TK Maxx actually use my
sisters but whatever no surprises there
I love these mashina ones where with the
olive oil or popeyes wife people on it
yeah i'm basically filming this video
second time because the first time the
lighting is all like weird on my face is
like all really white so you can't see
half my face i'll probably fuse both of
them together because i do that next
favorite scarf is this gorgeous one here
which is a chiffon t1 and with amazing
patterns all over this is going to be
available on lazy dog also on Monday or
Tuesday depends when I finish every next
one is this one
from River Island and it's just huge
with like feather details on the side
blue and like burnt orange colors with a
couple of chains this was about two
years ago from River Island actually and
it's 15 pounds but totally worth it
because look how long it lasts I'm gonna
throw it over there well and my last you
is that it is that all I have that's my
favorite oh my god I'm so not true hey
jebby is this lovely one in here and
it's a silk mix I think with amazing
patterns on it I'll probably wear this
at our wedding possibly or something or
normally as well actually and this is
also available on lazy doll as of Monday
or Tuesday okay so keep a watch out for
that one darling it's not your typical
Aztec with all the bright colors is
quite toned down with lovely Maroons and
lavenders and orange colors which and
totally in love with if you like this
head Jeb style it's very simple it's
just the bun style and then I wrapped it
around my neck which is why I did for
one of my first tutorials ever so go
check it out and it's also this style in
some of my pictures on Dina Tokyo so
check that out yeah okay that's that
video let me know what other videos you
want to see in between except for the
DIY I Bay one because I need to get the
jersey fabric to do that and I might not
be able to do that this week because I
got other things to do this we also feel
like these rings they'll be available to
ya think is though they're so big for me
so annoyed like this is the smallest
size it's a size 18 and it just falls
off me like look look look a lot like
wow am I supposed to do seriously and
you can't exactly put weight on your
fingers can you I mean when I stuff my
face it goes everywhere than the hands
that this nail polish is solely for the
purpose of my lazy dog photo shoot and
this video okay it will come off right
now after this video so i can go and
pray okay give us comments about it but
if you like my leather jacket I've been
searching for the perfect leather jacket
forever and then I went to be a remoter
and they had this in the new stock and I
just really love it I really really love
it yeah and it was 55 pounds but I don't
usually spend that much on anything so
oh it's totally worth it yeah I totally
had something else to tell you guys by
totally can't remember so with that I
guess till next time keep the covered
piece was I'm feeling like a noise
