hello darling so today is celebrity look
number five there you are this celebrity
look is one of the Olsen twins I don't
know which one but who cares because
they look the same and I'm a twin so I'm
allowed to say that you know who cares
which one it is there are the same
people I'm joking of course the
individuals blah blah so I love this
look because it's kind of like oh my god
I'm so cool I just rolled out of bed and
like threw this on kind of look just so
cool
la la la it's my kind of style you know
I may not be able to pull it off but I
love it let's start off shall we
so this is of course my burger deep
bubble scarf that everybody asked me
full and in Charlotte see it she's
wearing like an oversized shirt one side
tucked in and it's just so cool she's
all skinny and everything's just hanging
off her so let me show you my shirt it's
from Primark guess where the men's
section of course so here's my shirt it
was ten pounds maybe eight pounds
actually from Primark in the men's
section I've got it in a size medium
I've just buttoned one button and then
what I've done is I've worn like a long
tight black vest top underneath so as
the front of our denims by the fastening
does not show you know because we're
hijabis and all that so I'll just show
you that's now is that and I've just
wanted a long black vest top and tucked
in one side and left one side hanging
because she's kind of going for that
licorice she like just woke up and she
needs to rush out and she just needs to
wear anything but she just happens to
look amazing and she only put it on in
like two minutes when really her or her
stylist took like five hours to decide
the outfit you know I'm saying and in
one of the pictures she's got like this
scarf draped around her neck all messily
you could just go ahead get a brown
scarf and wrap it around your neck but
you don't really need that because we've
got one on our heads and from what I can
see in the picture that is at the
beginning of this thing she's wearing
like a necklace I think so I've just
prepared this and then she's got dark
blue skinny jeans I've got mine from
Topshop I'll just show you the bottoms I
can't really see what shoes she's
wearing so I've just gone what is that
so I've just gone for these littler
black wedges from Primark I'll either
wear these shoes or these shoes probably
will end up wearing these because I tend
to go for the comfortable look as for
the bag you can go for a brown one like
she does like so this is also Primark a
couple years ago though so you know good
luck in finding that all you can go from
more recent back because in one picture
she's wearing a brown bag and in one
picture she wearing a black one so you
can go for a more recent bag like so
this is from Primark today actually but
probably yesterday because this video
will go up tomorrow so this bag was 10
pounds I love it because it's got orange
lining so yeah I'll just show you again
that's the whole look basically yeah
that's the whole look guy so I'm gonna
be honest with you this is my favorite
celebrity look so far because it's so me
so laid back so chillin I was gonna go
for the sunglasses but Dena and
sunglasses do not go you are over there
whatsoever so you know anyway I probably
will looking at the pictures tomorrow
sometime but check out Dena Tokyo calm
for more pictures and facebook.com slash
D in Tokyo also that's the look also you
don't have to go for
I mean her sure isn't this color exactly
it's more like a brownie kind of hmm
it's more like of a brownie kind of
color and remember this is in a size
medium swear it really baggy and like
just close one button and be all like
laid back and cool like you don't need
to be totally prim and proper all the
time to look good some of you we will
disagree and say you look disgusting but
this is the kind of style I like so
everybody knows okay my next look is
probably gonna be Sarah Jessica Parker
or Kim Kardashian and that's it guys so
yeah don't forget to get this bag great
just great you know
so anyway till next time guys keep it
covered peace
