is terrible hi guys this how's everyone
doing today so today is my DIY video and
I'm going to show you guys how to make
one of these it's a very very basic
video for beginners who have never sewn
before and and that kind of thing is
very very simple and kind of quick half
an hour job for those of you who want a
quick summer top out of a oversized
scarf basically a scarf that you get
from Primark and I'll just show you the
width here is the width so as you can
see it's quite wide it's not as wide as
you can get the Primark scoffs though so
that just means that the sleeves won't
be as long as they could be so the wider
the scarf the longer the sleeves
basically so you're going to start off
by getting your oversized scarf and
folding it in half as I have done wait
this is the length of the scarf and what
I've done is just gone like that and
fold it over there you go so you fold it
in half okay then you get a lay it on
the floor okay so as you can see you
can't see me but you can see the scarf
on the floor so we've laid it down now
this from here downwards is lengthways
okay from here down there is the width
way so my next step you can either do it
over here or you can do it over here I'm
going to do it from this side just
because I don't want my top to be as
long as it would be if I was to cut it
from this side if you get my drift
this is so weird because you can't see
me so I'm just laying it really flat
remember this is full of you girls who
have never sewed in your life before
there are my scissors okay okay so you
have folded over your scarf once okay
now what you're going to do is you are
going to gonna fold it over again like a
cell okay
oh my god fold it over again and then
lay it flat don't mind all the thread on
the floor because it's mess okay so you
see the corner over here where you've
taken the fold over what you're going to
do is just line it up nicely and you are
going to cut a quarter of a circle kind
of shape like this over here so I'll
just go right ahead and do that if
you're all watching lovely jubbly so
then you're left with a piece like so
open it up where you folded it like so
and what you are left with is a really
big hole where you're going to stick
your head like so do you see that and
you can see it looks like a really big
t-shirt do you see that you don't see
that don't you darlings yes now the
smaller you cut the quarter circle the
smaller the head will be so as you can
see mine is quite big and spacious so
I'm just going to fold it back so now we
can cut the sleeves can you just ignore
my crease skirt so it's folded back over
that's where your head will go and over
here are the edges where your arms will
go so what we want to do is create a
slight arm shape sort of like a batwing
one so we're just going to cut I'll show
you
she's going to go about the length of
the scissors down here and cut in like
so you ready ladies
and you're going to cut downwards and
then you're going to go straight down
now obviously you can and use some tool
I'm just doing it like this because it's
very simple for you beginners to do
basically darlings okay so you can all
the way down and you remove this piece
and then what you have is a really big
t-shirt kind of thing yeah you'll see
that yeah arms will go and here so
obviously the wider you want the arms
then the lower down you will cut so
there you have your shape it's obviously
a very huge t-shirt fit which is what we
like see as you can see how wide it is
see the wider it is the longer it will
be because as you put it on it will just
hang down really long which I'll show
you at the end but what we're going to
do now is pretty simple you are going to
see these two edges here that are your
shoulders you're going to sew them
together then you're going to leave this
part for your arm to go through then
you're going to sew down here and then
you're going to do the same on the other
side for the shoulders and the arm down
there so right now we've got two
separate pieces one on top of the other
and you're basically going to sew them
together only leaving the holes for your
arms your head and for your legs
basically so I'm just going to go right
ahead and do that I'll see if I can film
it but it's a little bit squishy in that
section so you know um yeah okay one
second guys so I've just finished sewing
the edges I'll just quickly show I do
see I've sewed there there's the sleeve
then down here and then same on the
other side you can't me see but here's
the is where my head will go sleeve
sleeve and then I've just sewed down
there so what you can do now is you're
going to turn it inside out now if you
are a perfectionist then what you can do
is sew the seams over by the head where
your head will go through so so that you
don't see the threat coming up like sir
so you'll just fold it over fold it over
again so they Sneider
and then just sew all the way that's if
you if you can be bothered I'm not going
to bother doing that because ain't
nobody gonna see it anyway this is for
like beginners who have never ever made
anything in their life before so you
know um and also if you don't know how
to use a sewing machine then I'm sure
your mum will
oh I'm sure Google can tell you how or
you can always just hand stitch around
the edges if you know I mean I really
hope this video is of some help because
you know my videos aren't really fancy
and I can't really you know I film on my
phone and I don't do voiceovers and I'm
just not fancy film person so I hope
this is helpful
oh now it's the right way around this is
what you're left with please it's just a
huge t-shirt basically the bottom where
your legs will be you don't need to do
the seams because it's it was already
the seams that are done on the scarf so
that's already nicely and that's
basically the only bit anyone's going to
see you really and if you are a bit of a
smarty pants then you can probably
figure out how to make our Bayer /
summery kind of dress the same way we've
made this top you just need more
material possibly a meter more a meter
and a half depending on how long you
want the dress or how tall you are and
you just you'll just do it exactly the
same make sure the material is wider so
that the sleeves will be very long
obviously it's going to be a very baggy
caftan kind of my Bayer but use your
initiative and add a nice little waist
belt to tighten it around the waist and
give it that Grecian my Bayer style you
know I might make a video on how to do
our BAE out of it but there's not much
point because it'll be possibly exactly
the same as this so hopefully you guys
can use it initiative from this video
and come up with a longer top which
could be made in Tiberio style it with
the Blazers Tyler with jacket etc etc
and you all can just go out buy material
and make your own dresses for the summer
rather than going shopping because it's
a lot cheaper so I'm just going to go
ahead and show you what this looks like
on okay girls so I'm back I'm wearing
the top now what I've done
is just quenched the sleeves up and
underneath slightly just because I
didn't sew the seams over so if I was to
wear this out without a jacket etc
during the spring or the summer then
that is exactly what I do because we did
cut it so it's tight enough to kind of
stay on your arm now if you want the
sleeve looser then obviously cut it
further down so that it is looser and as
you can see here is the neck nobody can
see that because I have a scarf so you
can choose to sew that overall you can
just not bother so I'll just get up and
show you how long it is and what it
looks like and what I want it well there
okay so here is the top so if you can
see but it's pretty long up to my knees
basically this all looks like on Primark
scarf but you know you can always buy
your material and do whatever you want
now wipe done is added these wedge heels
that I showed you my February favorite
you see is very long so if you were to
get a piece of material that was even
longer it would basically be addressed s
all you'd have to do is add a belt
around here or even just wear it bagging
you know just added a pair of white
socks because you know right now I'm
feeling at the gate Eevee present alert
if you're not feeling the gate TV
presenter look then obviously do not add
white socks don't add any socks or just
add black socks why not go for pink you
know I would just add a nice blazer over
the top that I'll probably show you now
as well um so yeah do you see what I
mean when I say you could make a dress
or I bay with it you just need it to be
longer so you just need a longer piece
of material to go all the way down to
the floor just using initiative guys
hopefully this video will encourage you
guys to go out and make something and
then as you're making you will probably
figure out how to make something else
and that's how your journey will begin
at check out de Tokyo com4 and pictures
comes up to my knees white gay TV
presenter socks wet heels if you want or
if it's cold you go ahead add yourself a
blazer so with this laser I just stuck
in some sort shoulder pads because I
wanted a more structured fit you can
also wear it like so with a blazer etc
now if you're if you're not feeling the
whole bagginess close the blazer
let's give it slightly more shape but
there you have it ladies thanks for
watching until next time can cover it
peace I look like go
