good evening guys it's Saturday we work
up at one o'clock in the morning so we
haven't actually been to much especially
you yeah welcome Oh like a in the
morning I just proves how hot sleep I am
we look up at what I cook in the
afternoon and we did she took like two
hours yeah of the hotel cuz we're so
tired what is my front door today
basically from the shangri-la hotel that
was staying in it's only a 20-minute
walk to city wok to buy anyway we've
just come to Moishe to get some ice
cream while we wait to sees friend and
then I think I'm gonna try and go to one
of the shows this evening because it's
the last day of modest fashion week and
haven't been to anything this morning
but the thing is they change the
schedule around because obviously
yesterday it was raining so all the
shows were canceled from time
it's really nice but not only of being
the texture
the rabbit in the ice cream on the
inside very nice but
but outside texture is I love it making
me feel a bit queasy but let's have it
anyway because we haven't eaten anything
today I've just had a nice coffee with
honor and they're guys who just found
the most amazing chocolate shop and I'm
gonna get Hannah this orange chocolate
just because it's cute by the way I've
been sending her loads of videos of
everything I see so I sent her like a
chocolate train and obviously she'll be
so excited to get a chocolate car it's
orange it's a white chocolate right it's
white chocolate chocolate train but in
the bathroom of this this is a
restaurant that we've been seeing in for
about five hours by the way these are I
think the mirrors it's like see Steve my
covers I don't like it
oh yeah we look off these in there it's
the next day
it's son died all right basically
yesterday we ended up in the restaurant
with our friends for probably bout five
hours just chatting and catching up I
didn't really blog that because it's
kind of like conversation you don't want
to hear they probably do but you can't
anyway and it's Sunday
we just had literally the longest
meeting potentially either of us have
had and I'm not just talking bout me and
Susie I'm also talking about the other
lady we just met with a lovely woman
called Rueda who is the publication
relations manager for the shangri-la
hotel and we also met with Amanda who's
the lady who showed us around when we
checked in and basically we just chilled
for literally like six for six is
literally from 10:00 till about it's at
about four o'clock just chatting and
eating so we've met for breakfast
we carried on through lunch and then we
had coffee really good fun I don't know
sometimes you just click with people and
you just don't want to stop talking and
you have things in common so it was
really really good this is just a shout
out to Rueda she's a laugh man she's
just a laugh and also she was kind
enough to host us here in Dubai at the
shangri-la hotel and so far it's been
amazing we still have another two nights
and honestly we're loving it anyway I'm
ready because I decide I'm not really
gonna do makeup today also guys every
woman I meet here who has her lashes
done they have a mane
semi-permanent eyelash extensions here
in Dubai like they do it very different
to in London I think had a delivery from
Mia's cookies and basically we met this
girl yesterday by accident at City Walk
and we bumped into her and she was like
hi we were like hi wha gwaan
and basically she sent us cookies to our
hotel and I wish you could smell through
the camera let me show you guys so to
seize already started while I was in the
loo on this one guys
they smell insane and then there's these
over here that look like little muffins
look she's already started here as well
come on to see wait by the earth the
grand picture this one a sea salt and
chocolate
we're in Dubai Mall and we went to salt
but this juicy hasn't tried it and it's
such a height on Instagram
it's literally but you didn't get the
cheetah burger I had that last time I
smoked it I'm trying the ice cream
which is literally just like a
McDonald's chocolate ice cream and like
everything self height tears regular
anyway maybe I'm in a bit of a bad mood
because me and juicy are pretty much
shattered and
Whateley to walk around like zombies
trying to find something to do which is
low
and what is he and I think we're gonna
wait for the fountain shows that happens
over here we've got a nice chill view
from sitting outside in salt so my so
chill I'm sorry guys I barely blog today
but it is actually being it I feel like
every day that goes by we sleep less and
we get more and more exhausted so I am I
haven't even taken out the picture today
back at the hotel feeling a little bit
giddy because we've had a bit of a crack
day but we've come to the rooftop again
through the bloody amazing feeling you
ready this is the best by far
the best feature of this hotel to me
this in say
