tutorial time I'm just gonna do a real
quick tutorial on how I have my scarf in
my latest video which is the celebrity
look bless Rihanna inspired one so
you've got your base on your head and
you can see I have a flower clip and
then I just have a small scarf tied
around it
make sure your flower clip is level with
your head I'm not rising on top of your
head you know I mean let's not have a
debate about that I just have to change
location because blah blah blah blah
blah blah I get your scarf you're going
to place it on your head to how we
normally do one short side and one long
side
okie dokie putting up high and what
you're going to do is you're going to
pin it I'm just gonna take my glasses
off you need to grab a safety pin one a
lot smaller than this but right now I
can't find it please ignore the mess in
the back of all the skulls on the floor
and you're gonna show her out around our
head so it's uh that was you're gonna
sort out around your face and pin
underneath like so with a waist more in
a safe place so you see now normally
what I'll do is I'll take this piece and
put it over top of my head like that's
but we're not going to do that right now
we're going to leave this hanging down
here and then usually what you do is
you'll take the edge of your scarf and
bring it round but you're not gonna do
that you're gonna take the edge and
you're gonna flip it over and take this
and take the opposite edge okay I can't
do this tutorial taking them off so you
can get the opposite edge and then
you're gonna throw that around your head
like that like so okay so now there
isn't much coverage going on because of
this knit over here but you're gonna
leave this piece hanging you're going to
pin the scarf how you normally do sort
out at the top of your head over here I
always say like so and sort out at the
top of your head don't I
okay so now what you're gonna do see
this part that you've left hanging
you're gonna get this the inner edge
again over here and you're going to
bring it underneath the first piece and
then you're gonna bring it around and
tuck it in to the back of your top or
the back of your things that you wear
under your top like so
of course sort out around your face cuz
right now you is looking really ugly
do you know to myself oh there you
have it now if you want this piece that
you haven't here this that's doing the
coverage if you want that to be longer
oh my god embarrassing socks in the back
if you want that to be longer then you
go to make the first piece shorter while
you put it on if that makes any sense of
course don't forget to pin here here and
here and then what you do to complete
the look of course is stick your glasses
on on one of those days where you don't
want to any eye makeup and that is the
look guys I hope that's helped what you
can do as well with the first piece if
you want even more coverage is open it
up like so and then pin it right here
and then you have coverage so there are
a number of ways to get extra coverage
different ways but I hope that been a
nice shorter sweet tutorial and it has
helped you guys and my next video is
most likely going to be my daily makeup
routine including the eye makeup because
I know I'm going on as you can see and
then the one after that is probably
gonna be titled three outfits daytime to
evening so in the end you'll have six
outfits if that makes any sense
so now and then the one after that will
be my next celebrity look for less in
short laugh so guys till next time keep
it covered peace I
these socks are really nice they're my
sister's thanks to Z for leaving them
when your date it
