hi guys how's everybody doing today so
I'm just doing my celebrity look for
less number two which is the Rihanna
look this week the easiest option to
choose for this week and I hope you guys
like it I think what I'm gonna do is
easy one one week and then a hard one
the next week easy hard is hard so yeah
that's what's gonna happen pictures and
more details will be on D in Tokyo comm
so don't forget to check that out yeah
enjoy it guys and let's try not to have
any debates on this video yeah let's try
and keep this video totally debate free
that would be idea so I'll just start
off over here showing you guys the scarf
I'm wearing I was gonna wear red but I
thought that would be quite expected for
me to do seeing as Rihanna's got like
red hair in the picture so I just went
and got my crocodile mama scarf which is
available on lazy doll um and it will be
back in stock very soon I don't know
when but it will be back Sharla and I
just thought I'd go for this because in
the picture as well she's wearing like
either snakeskin or crocodile skin shoes
I'm not sure which ones and this is a
crocodile prints I don't know so I don't
know why I called the crocodile mama but
it reminded me of it so so I put this
scarf on also cuz it's got red and then
the off-white in it goes with the top
that I found and I've wore my scarf
pretty much how I always wear my scarf
but slightly different in case you don't
know this but he different that allows
for more coverage because it's quite
flowy scarf and obviously everybody
knows rihanna has huge hair so i wanted
to make it quite flowy and give it have
more coverage at the front even though
the shirt is loose you like cowards
under scarf maybe I'll do tutorial if I
get if I get enough requests you could
potentially just stick a necklace right
here a nice little one and that would
look really lovely really really lovely
okay I'll just move now and show you
where the shirts from and show you the
top okay it doesn't look like she has
that much makeup on so I have an a major
but I thought I'd go quite light on the
eyes and just put mascara on and then go
for a bold lip so that's why
done basically she is wearing quite a
nice flowy top with like um my sleeves
it's not exactly the same but let me
just show you anyway it was 10 pounds
from Zara in the sale in the sale
actually just yesterday I went out and
bought this yesterday so Zara still has
got it's got a lot of it's just got a
rail full of white shirts all for 10
pounds and you'll find similar ones to
this and you'll find this one exactly I
got this one in a extra-large because
you know Zara sizes are quite small and
I wanted it to be really flowy because
then essentially what you could do if
you were to wear a skirt with this
outfit what you could do is tuck it in
up here but obviously I'm wearing jeans
I didn't opt for skinny jeans this time
I'm wearing boyfriend fit jeans let me
see if you can see okay so I was
actually wearing these jeans in my last
question answer video these years are
like a boyfriend fit from Zara for 30
pounds or just show you guys and the
heels I'm wearing are from Jun wedge
heel and I'm not actually I didn't
really go I did have better heels to fit
with this outfit by couldn't be bothered
rummaging around looking for them and
because I think in the picture she's
wearing like it looks like a snakeskin
or crocodile skin court shoe so I had a
really similar pair of heels but a
combos looking for them and also because
I'm not even gonna wear heels out
because I'm just being a bit practical I
mean this is a Rihanna everyday look and
I know most of us aren't gonna go around
every day in sky-high heels just because
I don't know about you guys but I can't
walk in them so what I'm gonna do is
just where the they're pretty tacky
pretty cheap but they look alright with
the outfit and they're from Primark of
course for eight pounds they'd be a lot
better if they didn't have this ugly I
mean I know we all love tassels but on
this shoe it looks pretty minging so I'm
just gonna put these shoes on with the
outfit just because these Jun heels are
really ugly and I can't find the other
ones to go but I'm pretty sure it'll be
really easy to get a pair of just court
heels I'm just not gonna succumb to peer
pressure and then she's wearing I think
I actually do
no I think she's wearing like a nice
slump she sort of clutch but and have
that color slouched back but I've got a
similar kind of slouch clutch bag style
so I just thought I'd wear this one
which obviously is far from brown but
it's it's good you know it's good with
the outfit so I'll show you the full
outfit together oh yeah all I've got to
show you the accessories yeah I'm just
wearing those two brings from H&M these
little rings also chairman got my
Michael Kors on and I think Rihanna's
wearing like couple bracelets nothing
too much and then she also had like cute
little necklace around her neck if you
like the lipstick I've got it's a it's
one from collection mm I don't know what
it's called but it's like the darkest
red they've got there so the real reason
I didn't go heavy on the eye makeup is
cause didn't have time either I hope you
enjoyed that video and till next time
keep it covered yes
oh yeah as well because we all know the
British weather is a little bitch I'm
going to put on a blazer on top of this
so I won't show you in the video cuz it
means I got to go get the Blazer
so what I'll do is just the Blazer on in
some of the pictures on the blog
oh and also don't forget to join the
competition I'm doing on lazy doll
facebook.com slash lazy doll and to win
a goodie bag a really good one mm-hmm
and that is to enter in a slogan that
describes a slogan for lazy dolls so
that I can use it once the website is
ready and so it's got to be something
that kind of describes lazy dolls that
kind of thing and it's got to be made
ups gotta be your own slogan that you
made up and then the winner gets chosen
and I use the slogan and they get a bag
so difficult to enter that on Facebook
on such lays all our land I can't get
the filming right filming Rosco bye
