assalamualaikum warahmatullahi care -
peace be upon you it's quite good that
is because now I don't have to say so
then when I see a Muslim demonstrate I
just gotta go peace be upon you I'm in
Egypt clean so do you like my bright
green hoodie with the big full hood and
I think there's a point in a hoodie if
the hood is flimsy so check out how full
the hoodies and also look at the detail
it says state men so my hoodie is from
stick to meant to clothing statement
spelled sta TEM ei empty because it's
meant to mean something and they are
basically a upcoming brand based in
London I think that are doing hoodies
t-shirts that kind of thing with
meanings behind them that's what I kind
of gathered anyway so obviously you'll
note what peace be upon you means it's
like giving your celebs to someone say
something means something and stand for
something that is basically what they go
by as you can kind of gather and it's
kind of nice because you know know
everybody likes wear hoodies especially
are skills on a lazy day it's nice to
kind of get something and wear something
that has a good meaning behind it rather
than just because it looks good you know
I mean and they do loads of different
hoodies like this one they do this one
in different colors and what did you
also do t-shirts are like jackets I
think with loads of different phrasing
hoody I'm wearing is a size large
I think it's men's or maybe they just do
unisex I don't know it's a size large
anyway I think it's men's and that's the
good size because you know I'm a hijabi
and I'm showing all you other hijab is
out there basically I'll just show you
what it looks like on so here's the
hoodie as you can see it's quite
covering which is fantastic I just added
this kind of like stretchy skirt over
the top of my trousers just to give it
extra length you know to be on the safe
side so that's what the hoodie looks
like oh and I'm probably just gonna wear
my wellies or my ankle boots when I go
out in a minute
because you know the weather and all
anyway took them out their website is
profit of their sales go to various
different charities that you can check
out more information about on their
website which is statement com
not only are they very charitable muscle
but they also their clothing is made
under lawful humane and ethical
conditions which is great because you've
got that feeling of security knowing
that you're not ruining less fortunate
people's lives but you can order online
on statement comm pay via PayPal which
everybody knows safest way to pay so go
and do that if you're my kind of size
and I'd say about well let's say you're
between eight to a twelve a UK size
women's size I would go for the large
hoodie which I'll show you one more time
it's quite long and I think I'm about
five six two five seven so I would
suggest a large even if you're shorter
than this this hoodie would look Liuba
cute on you because it's short so get it
in a large either way oh yeah show you
the detailing on the hood it says
statement Vega I wear a hoodie when I'm
tramping it out or when I'm on a fat day
or just when I feel generally quite
rubbish but this hoodie I mean you can
wear it on your lazy day where you just
call me bother think of what to wear but
you can also wear it and look quite nice
because it's not like you know other
hoodies that can look very chavvy and
because I'm actually going out now and
it's approximately quarter to six so
that to me is evening so I think I look
nice so anyway check out again I think
looks decent and also I'll be giving my
celebs to everybody to every Muslim I
see and every non-muslim because in
English fantastic when I saw the hoodies
online I was like oh yeah okay they're
cool they look good and when it came to
the post the quality is amazing
uber soft on the inside you know when
you check them out like I said until
next time guys
