hi guys today's video is going to be a
warhead - Gela beer review you all know
I did one for them previously a couple
months back while I was in Egypt and so
as you can see my hijab style my dev
accessory that doesn't stop moving and
my makeup is quite heavy just because
you know I'm going with the whole Arab
in my neck so so we headed olivia is
that Saudi based company that
specialized of course in Germany yes I'm
going to be as some Egyptians like to
take L of the years and they specialize
in evenings special occasions casual
home of jelly beans just they're pretty
much just like layers but they call from
jelly beans
so I think it's just another name I
think there must be different average
elevator
you know we're headed Olivia the website
is jelly be accommodate I'll have to
confirm that and I'll have it on the
screen
anyway as well as in the description
this thing doesn't keep doesn't stop
moving it's really annoying so this
particular jelly beer is the Moroccan
inspired one from their latest
collection and the reason I chose this
one is because I love Moroccan clove but
it's obviously Moroccan aspire as you
can see with the belts over here and the
sleeves sleeve detailing and it's also
got on the hem at the bottom and the
head style I've done is basically a is
basically a take on Hannah Tajima I
think that's I say it I take on her and
sing - hey Jeb look look which is the
winged the winged thing that she does
and she pins at the back and then she
just has it because her Jeb style
reminds me of like an Arab version of
Red Riding Hood just because it looks
like a hood but really pretty one this
is the only hitch up style that I
actually recommend for a wedding
obviously different in a different
fabric
a sort of like silky chiffon soft fabric
would look really nice with this style
this is that chill style I'd recommend
to wear for your wedding day I'm just
going to show you the gel appear so it
comes actually in two pieces yar per
piece and and then just a satin lining
for underneath so it's not see-through
so as you can see there's the top here's
the Moroccan themed belt I'll just turn
to the side I'll just show you guys at
the back is the bottom of the Gela beer
it's just hemmed like so now um the only
thing I would say is ice I'm slightly
too short it it still it reaches the
floor it's just about skims the floor
but that's when I'm not wearing heels so
if you're my height or over you're going
to have a problem and I'm like um about
167 centimeters which is I don't know
five six maybe five seven so if you're
my height or any taller you're going to
have a bit of a problem so this is a
size small but usually small sized women
are shorter than me so if you're you
know five six and I'd recommend it if
not then get the bigger size here's the
belt Hotel and the sleeves sleeves are
huge cute usually it's very hard to do
anything with but obviously if you're
going to a wedding etc you've got span
around pretty business so I'd imagine if
you're busy for pictures you'd most
likely do something like this but
there's a better view of the sleeves and
obviously are see-through so I've had to
put just a white under top and leaf
leaves very oh that's another thing you
can do if you're my sort of height but
you still love it but you want to wear
heels of course just pay a black tube
skirt underneath and that will actually
give you the length so have a look I'll
show you again see look now you can't
see my feet and I'm standing on my
tiptoes that's the white thing I'm doing
is just the lining
a trying to give you guys a full view
size front you can really play around
with the sleeves I feel like I'm in some
sort of fairy tale or something like I'm
as you can imagine you could look quite
elegant in a wedding etc setting like so
this is what I would wear you're going
to a wedding or an event a lot of you
guys asked me do you know I've got prom
coming up I've got this coming up what
should I wear
I wouldn't bother trying to pair things
off the high street for it unless it's
like a blazer with the maxi dress if you
like what I would do is just go all out
traditional pick a culture and pick and
pick a traditional art because they're
all really friendly so I hope you guys
have enjoyed this little outfit of the
day / the review I guess and I totally
would recommend to get yourself a
traditional sort of dress / jelly beer
that you can just keep for years and
just get out at those times where you
need to go somewhere fancy and you can't
be bored of thinking of what to put
together so you just get traditional and
traditional always works because nobody
can tell you you're going wrong because
traditional and that's how it is yawning
so definitely check them out on Facebook
I've given you the links before we head
to jelly beer
it's facebook.com slash wear - Gela beer
I think I'll leave the links in the
description anyway make sure you check
them out they always have special offers
and they always do giveaways and
competitions if you like this hairstyle
then go in youtube it it's the Hannah
Tajima style covered look so go and
YouTube it I don't think I'm going to do
tutorial for it because there's already
one out there quite a big one so what's
the point I will show you guys quickly
if you do insist the scarf I was gonna
wear with this jelly bean yeah is that
she was going to be this one over here
which is one of those ruffled black and
white ones that give a lot of volume but
it turns out the white on the scarf was
too bright so I just ended up wearing my
black bubble one is dead and also if you
like the scarf is
will be available on lazy doll
most likely tonight or tomorrow so keep
an eye out for it as well I hope you
guys enjoyed this video
I'm sorry about the bad lighting and how
it keep changing where I'm filming etc
but I'm just trying to get a good sort
position for you guys but from wrong the
next video on insha'Allah have having
one background and not moving around
from the next video
so yeah make sure to check them out on
Facebook and check out the website also
if you like this ticker thing it's not
actually take out I lied it and a
bracelet and I put it on head so anyway
guys thanks for watching until next time
keep it covered peace
