hi guys so I'm going to attempt to do a
December favorites video and I know it's
not send anymore but this was recorded
in December so it counts I've never done
a monthly favorites video but I just
felt like doing one because I feel like
all my videos are becoming outfit of the
days or reviews and that can be a little
bit boring and plus loads of you guys
asked me loads of questions about thing
so I'm just gonna put it in this video
so I don't actually know the rules but
I'm guessing it's your favorite items of
that month so here goes who's gonna
start off with watch that I got for
Christmas off my grandmother yes let me
just clarify that my grandmother is not
in this lived and that's why she gave me
a Christmas present and I gave her one
back yes nothing wrong with that that's
just to clarify to what to prevent any
of the pointless questions that might be
asked on YouTube it's just a normal
watch it's nothing special about it and
when there's snapback ones which I
really love to be honest look custard is
like a ruler now I'll just show you how
you wear it I already have Michael on my
arm so I'll just put this on next it you
just got like that it's really easy and
really cool to wear and it's really
funky you can get them in those
different colors and she got this one
for me from beaut Cornwall I think was
only something like 10 pound and you can
get them from anywhere really but I
think the best ones are the plain ones
is they're just really nice and really
cool easy sort of watches for that sort
of lazy day lazy day for a lazy doll I
got this like for Christmas which was
like a week go so it doesn't actually
count as a December favourite but I do
know if I had had it earlier it would
have been my favorite so ever recently
an Asda I don't know what's going on but
all of their in their makeup section in
Asda now they're Rimmel makeup section
everything every single Rimmel items
gone down to five pounds so basically as
this room or section as a whole has been
one of my December favorites I bought
this and it's a foundation match
perfection foundation
adapt the skin tone and texture and I
got mine in in a soft beige color I can
safely say I've been trying to find a
foundation that's my colorful ages so if
you know sometimes I'm Brown sometimes
i'm rewai bla bla bla safely say I think
anyway this is my total color because
when I put it on my neck is the same
color as my face basically that's how I
figure it out so this is only 5 pound
and it's a really good foundation and I
have it on right now by the way another
thing I got from as the Rimmel but this
wasn't 5 found this is only 3 pound 14
because it was reduced it was got one
there's disgusting dirty stickers all
over it but it's a really nice color
I think it's Rimmel yeah it's the it's
the how fun color yeah ok then because
we're gonna have fun when we wear this
totally here's the color I'll just put
on if you want
on but obviously this isn't the exact
color because I've already got pink on
so you know as I do that with my
lipsticks I wear two different colors
together create something new so sort of
the color but not exactly because I've
got pink on anyway I really like it
because got really nice smell as well
and it's not that lipstick that um makes
your lips all dry and chapped you
looking cuz that happens to me a lot and
it stays on for such a long time but the
next thing isn't just a December
favourite it's like a life favorite I've
been using it ever since I cared about
what I look like and that instance like
I was seventeen and it's taste is clean
and clear oil-free dual action
moisturizer and as you can see this one
has some Arabic on it because it was
purchased in Egypt but you can get it in
the UK obviously so a lot of you asked
me what moisturizer I use oh sorry I got
a what's up yeah so hmm a lot of you
asked me what moisturizer I use or
what's my moisturizing routine and all
that I don't have a routine I just put
on and that's the routine over clean and
clear and there's only like three three
four pounds something something like
that and it allows more ages and ages
and when you put on you literally feel
like it's working because it's like
cleaning cleanness that spot-free thing
if you believe that but when you put on
your whole face just starts going my
next monthly favorite is these stops
their house socks obviously to keep you
warm in the winter and of course they're
from the one and only prime Arne haha a
little bit smelly but don't worry about
it you get them in a pack of four and
they're really soft and they're like two
pounds before something by wherethey
I've been wearing these everyday in the
house because so cold in the UK all of
you guys in Indonesia and Singapore and
Malaysia and America or wherever else
Egypt are lucky because you have no idea
how cold it is to
you can flip card it but that's not me
recommending you cut to come to Cardiff
is Cardiff is it my next monthly
favorite oh this is also another not
just the monkey favorites just a
lifetime favorite and that's telescopic
the telescopic mascara from L'Oreal and
it's like 10-pound I think it's always
been ten pounds sometimes sometimes they
have offers but the standard price for
this is ten pounds and this is the only
expensive thing I'll ever buy to do with
makeup but some of you might even think
it's expensive because I know people who
go by like YSL mascara for twenty pound
on like what the hell and their
eyelashes are like tiny still so you
know this is the best mascara ever
recommendation of the whole entire world
for women so this is actually not even
you know what this video is in December
favored anymore it's just my favorite
things
oh it's not even my favorite things it's
just my most used items let's call it
that
it's the angled brush from boots it's
one of the Ecotools brands and they come
in like brown and beige and like plant
looking packaging things like that
that's just an angled brush I look and I
use it for my brows dip it in some black
eyeshadow in sorry some brown eyeshadow
let that gonna go little eyebrow filler
fou I've had this for actually about six
months
so I know if I got into standby with a
bit of December fav do still happen in
Boots I think there's only like 5 pounds
what is so good and it's a really good
brush as well I've been using um this
little eyeshadow palette from H&M which
is a total utter mess because I've had
it for ages and I'm really bad I'm like
actually um salute Stella who is
obviously another youtuber she did am
worst habits tag I think I was supposed
to do it I didn't think is that and she
said anyway that um with her makeup she
doesn't throw out after six months which
is what's supposed to do well guess what
neither do I because it just seems like
it's still fine for me and I don't get
any allergic reactions to it so I just
keep it I've had this for about a year
and just a glitter palette well I've
been using is from H&M like I said what
I've been using is this one over here
this gold one and I've been using it
with none other than my prymaat brush
and doing like that then I've just been
putting it on and I've just been putting
on my cheeks but here art just to kind
of highlight the face I think ask a
makeup artist see that's what I have on
myself so that's that is my
favorite video P glasses I know they've
been in for flippin ages but whatever
they're really good when you don't want
to wear makeup like now well I make up
anyway
like now and then you just want to but
you want something going on Johnny
bells what else what else yeah that's
basically it I hope that's after some of
you guys questions my next video is
going to be a WA haertl jela be a
reviewer head together be your review
again remember I did one for them while
I was in Egypt so next video is gonna be
at with another gel gala via television
yeah let's collab a with another area to
review and this one's nice so stay tuned
for that and then I've also got another
video with outfit of the day video
waiting to upload and then I've also
still got another review to do I've got
a couple of these too and I've also got
a DIY video as well I'm waiting to do
but I still all these videos I've just
mentioned I don't know when I don't know
which what's gonna go first
etc but these are vintages that I'm
waiting to do I didn't read more order
though and that's it guys I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you like I've
done my scope today because it is
slightly different don't know if you
noticed but it is slightly different if
you want to see a tutorial for this
style let me show you properly then like
the video basically and comment and then
I'll do tutorial this edge AB stylus I
don't know but when I do this scoffs out
I the first thing that comes into my
head is Taliban don't know why well I do
know why because this point here that
credit goes around then you've got this
hanging just feel like Taliban but a
really fashionable one so anyway so next
time girls give the cupboard peace
