hi guys this is a random out of the day
and a kind of like vlog vlog for viewed
so I'm just wearing one of my tassels
girl that will be in stock end of
December and got my ring gone that was a
gift from Donald acetylene and I've got
this great big oversized jumper with
cats all over it cause I love cats and
that was for prime up for many pounds
which is quite expensive for Primark
advice 80% bulls and that's why I got it
in a size 18 because I like things to
really big a body and if you have like
my jeans they are boyfriend jeans from
Topshop that do my sisters and I think
they're gonna size 10 or 12
no my shoes they are little pointy nude
pink pretty ugly tacky shoes and there
were only 3,000 t.j.maxx hmm I'm just
waiting because I have nothing else
right now that I've got my end and I've
got my Michael Kors watch on so anyway
just the laid back casual look today
written viewed and is pretty laid back
please anyway here we are beaut on
center it's basically just a street fun
finding little shops say hi Judy I just
laugh at the men
Judy's amazing button box time to push
through and pick things they're like
dual cuz I just got a plain boost off my
head teasing back why
lovely Bobby twin and then I have
obviously the same ring same same
accessories because I hated a rose she
said here th here bears same accessories
yes takes us on a boat with me and then
I've got this - - where's your scar from
from in it
I've got discovering inequities by
sisters from portobello market vintage
store and then I've got this oversized
teal sort of green jumper from Primark
for ten pounds
same Jesus yesterday with little ankle
boots which also from going back or also
also from Primark for also a tenner
so that was the bag in I'm taking pics
of you now
ready jump jump jump with your legs
that's the Butte Creek market about six
shops
that's our night out in Butte just walk
cupcakes vanilla with snowman and what's
the flavor orange and lemon lemon with
cinnamon a similar and form fudge you
ready cupcake II which is over there and
now we're going to go into the vintage
shop twice a week so exclusive yong-ho
binoculars head you'd look does what I
do a good one will die bar
thus the sea in the beach
give the pick tutorial how to wear a
stood snap wrap around your head twice
bring one layer put up last after they
reviewed revile scarf you look quilted
cheap jacket boyfriend jeans ankle boots
a to tease big nerd by duty that's the
end of the form use of chalky about to
perform his debut single Nando's I'm
feeling like a Nando's I really wanna
long nose and you do have an on those
keys give me and I knows I'm feeling
some enough make a chip and stuff like
that on it I'm feeling like an and oh
sorry you wanna know a new mom and I
nose kissing me and I lose on feeds on a
baby chick and stuff like that on a
piece of art it's a Gregory was Amanda
now I'm feeling we can
me and Keenan - laughs hey baby chick
and stuff
