good evening guys I'm in duper me my
sister just checked into our hotel we
are staying at the shangri-la in Dubai
and we just got into our room and we are
so excited you guys know why I'm in
Dubai I'm here for Dubai modest Fashion
Week I'm gonna try and vlog every day
first things first let's show you this
room we just came in through this door
for length mirrors where you can
properly see what your blood by the way
and every angle can you see the angle
you can see me from the side from the
back oh hello might as well take you
into the loop so we have this lovely
sink area two little kits to see we have
a lovely loo and a bday and if you just
come around here you've got a shower and
we have a bomb off which is lovely I'm
so having a relaxing bath guys this is a
bar area obviously we don't drink you
like a crisp this is the fridge in there
oh there's Baba be gonna be kettle yes
TV area there the bed which is bloody
beautiful fresh fruit oh my god sick
could have fun but Boozer guys look this
room is beautiful this is the view from
our room guys I mean this is just
beautiful the lady that was showing us
around she's called Amanda just took us
all the way to the highest load of 42nd
floor to look at the view we stood there
for about 45 minutes I was amazed my
eyes I didn't want to leave I will show
you the view mesmerizing mesmerizing oh
my god also there's a spa want to do a
bit of distressing bit of coloring
lovely ah basically right we have dinner
in an hour an hour and a half I need to
shower I need to unpack my suitcase we
need to get ready real quick I'm gonna
love you and leave you do you in a
minute
alrighty we're ready for dinner guys I'm
wearing a cord from ASOS Azshara
trainers wait for me I got this cord in
the summer so I don't think still there
to be honest we need to press a button
yeah guys me and you see got out the cab
because it was so much traffic and now
we walk
not gonna lie muchly a little bit cold
I'm not like I'm getting a shiver and
I'm wearing a really light summary row
summary top but underneath I'm wearing a
vest I wasn't gonna wear the vest and
I'm so glad I did because it's Ashley
it's a little bit chilly I'm not gonna
lie I'm a little bit chilly two T's
boiling there where she says she's
violent gonna be like
what you think I'm having some bread
butter and I just had a really good feta
salad not butter
oh yeah I just I really want nuts I
don't know I feel really awkward and I'm
coming around
Mindy discuss one decides to block her
make look share on everything on me wear
the makeup as well
skin products I say well they used to in
Indonesia I pulled them out for it I'm
hopefully dizzy
what did they say
smokiness
right there buddy left a restaurant and
with really career actually ignore cab
it's a nice bitch at the hotel has done
iced tea go relax rest so that tomorrow
we can have a really early day and have
a proper yeah that was so good we met so
many people and
really good fun bloody hours look at
this
it's Dubai Marina model this is Dubai
Marina more guys how beautiful that
meets Oxford Street Christmas night
Sunday zoo back at the hotel but we
can't remember what room number we are
because I forgot to bring the card that
says it so we're just trying to remember
but at least the hotel is beautiful to
walk around and we made it back to the
hotel we changed we've chilled that for
a bit now we're gonna do face Mars
Lucy's got hers on but she doesn't have
a scarf on suppose we were thinking of
getting room service as well but it's 1
o'clock in the morning so it's 24 out of
food though oh my god I forgot to tell
you guys by the way lady was telling me
earlier that actually if you have kids
they have certified babysitting service
here if you wanted to leave your kid for
like an hour or two and go go out
somewhere even on New Year's Eve like
that's pretty appealing to me Hannah's
not here obviously so don't need to do
that but for future potentially if
Hannah made a friend got my mask on guys
I actually ripped the nose bit off by
accident she she said just rub it back
on by don't know where is that one
mostly just to tease and I took it off
it's good on me lashes don't ruin your
lashes Dina
I just remembered I've got a milkshake
in the fridge from supermarket earlier
reminds me of mix in Egypt but it's not
really like mix in Egypt so guys
technically I should edit this now what
this video so can upload like tomorrow
or something because remember I said I
was gonna try and upload as much as I
can in December so I thought okay let me
daily vlog in Dubai at least because I
failed everything else but I know I'm
not gonna tonight it's the one I am I'm
good sleep I'm going to end today's vlog
here good night
nighty-night see you tomorrow I mean I'm
holding this up here like this cuz I did
a thumbnail anyway good night see you
tomorrow bye
