hi guys okay today's video is just going
to be kind of an outfit of the day video
and just a quick sort of update video
and first thing I need to update you
guys on is the competition that I am
holding it's been going on for about two
months now and I think it's about time I
ended it so it's the styling competition
for any of you guys who don't know
already you have to basically do
somebody or yourself and give yourselves
a style makeover do before and after
picture we don't have to do you don't
have to do before picture but that would
be ideal
and then just poster on D in Tokyo or
send me or email me the picture for
those who don't like posting pictures of
yourself on the Internet I think that
the deadline I think that the
competition deadline now should be the
1st of December so you have till the 1st
of December to enter for those of you
who still haven't entered and I won't
share the picture if you guys don't want
me don't want me to I'll just make sure
I include you in a competition and it'll
take me probably a week or two to decide
who the winner is
then I'll announce it on my page and
then whoever the winner is you'll have a
semi or your measurement details so I
can make you that black of a dress think
okay so that's the competition stuff out
the way ok now let's talk ballets so the
blazes that some of you guys saw at SNS
I'm going to be selling those are those
sometime this week either tomorrow or
Wednesday as one of pieces I just want
to tell you guys that they are what
sizes they are they're all a size small
or which is equivalent to like 8 or 10
UK so I will be putting those up as one
of pieces for sale on my facebook shop
tomorrow or Wednesday I'll give you I'll
let you guys know mmm so I'll update my
status like an hour before I put them
live on the on the Facebook shop so it's
fair to say that I warned you guys that
they were all coming on the store you
know you guys all the scarfs that I was
selling on my facebook store I won't be
getting any more now to December so
bit of a bummer but December anyway and
okay let's do very small outfit of the
day okay so the scarf is them I could
told you streets tall necklace from my
facebook store this is just a really
funky table that I made with some
material I love is quite simple style
top and we just show you guys it's quite
longer the front and at the back and
then I'm just wearing a tube skirt which
was from forever 21 and and then this
ring which is from Egypt nails pink ice
watch it's ice watch by the way for all
of you guys who ask me what's that white
watch it's just that I swatch so don't
forget the competition deadline which is
going to be 1st of December and then
I'll take about week or two to slide the
winner and announce on my page and then
and then this week I will have the
blazes up for sale remember they
literally one-off pieces until I can get
until I can like make some more this
video was supposed to be 25 questions
tag video I was reading through the
questions and I was just like I feel so
pointless doing this so I did bother
anyway my next video will be alpha of
the day video with me and Donald the
stuck link one of the girls whose models
for me before really sorry if I don't
interact with you guys that much this
week I've had a really busy week
previously and I'm going to spend this
week relaxing and recovering so anyway
ladies till next time keep a couple
