oh yeah we'll be my love passengers off
the train first please stand clear and
allow passages of the train first if so
early right now is 7:56 a.m. that's in
the morning you said a.m. you idiot I'm
saying it to the people who don't
understand thank you Dina's not feeling
it so she's like I said can you take the
camera today it's YouTube rewind day
anyway stop flexing Dina within YouTube
rewind last year like this year we just
got off a Camden Road and we're meant to
be filming right now so we're late guys
you just wrapped up the shoot so we're
in a scenes together and hopefully they
actually still get put in rewind because
you know there was cut things well it
took about half an hour to do so it
actually was really quick and really
good self is that how are you feeling
with a camera in your face make I it
feels we're like okay I'll put it away
guys you just finished take the bunch of
pictures which was a real fun with it
now we're gonna go back to the cafe grab
our bags we've actually got an hour and
a half to waste before we have to go and
film something for the UN so should we
go eat sit yeah let's go look at the
veins in my arm bro Wow Wow
just like what I didn't even know that
was there
YouTube rewind twice you should have
gone live now it's two minutes past 6:00
we're gonna watch it for the first time
I'll be surprised if in doing a video
for even a second it's up okay it went
up four minutes ago and it's already on
91 thousand views what do you think this
one's gonna be about well clearly
everything that happened in 2007 yes not
me mind ruler diviners that's what
happened in me it's gonna be a situation
okay
I don't know but this is going too quick
no no you just gotta feel your voltage
fine did you see the first few Clips
yeah it was them Liza no like here this
big oh yeah we have to land on this guy
Nick I clearly do not watch enough
YouTube yeah a lot of these people are
like from abroad like different country
youtubers like we're not gonna know
barely anyone by the way ksi with busy
spinner
I don't get why casing get such a big
bit when he does so many bad things on
YouTube I didn't get it how come the
pews doesn't get a big oh yeah
that was big I didn't know how fun was
they're shootin whoa there she is
I'm flying that's the fly than it was in
UK was they say it wasn't you kiddin I
don't recognize any of these people oh
that's like the music video
I've gotta give it to you demon we're
not gonna be in here I don't know we all
said bitch what is this baby shot does
that make me shot
baby we're gonna be here I think so oh
we should be the one of these scenes
come on guys please I think we're gonna
be here maybe they haven't sent us
pictures cuz we're not in it said
destiny why they had such cool shadow
how fun
there she must been cellphone kill we
had the lamest shoe ever
how fun was that that's how I feel right
now because I don't agree
oh we're here
at the end I think oh yeah we'll be like
I bet you they just use our home they
let you just use that I think they just
use don't choose our hands that is sad
here we go please be enough let me stop
on my hand of my great jumper from Zara
well we got a hand shot oh this is
because like you lose so much tragedy to
happen in the world you know I wish I
smiled a bit more I'm not gonna look
like if they do oh my god they put think
the poles and Logan's in
you know but this will haven't been a
part where everyone's looked up where's
coach always humza all those people
where are they you can be an asshole
throughout the whole year of YouTube get
those views in your asshole but you get
massive just very sad situation
we're not in this Xena Wow they shoot
too thick I wish I did some zombie
what's the Gumby things I don't I don't
 know I've really done
I really did my makeup for that for a
hand shot really okay you look sick
am i doing it looks nice
looked like she's laughing like over
there okay here we come I think no guys
we found ourselves at 5 minutes 11
seconds in look what I'm doing
forget forget about the faces look what
I'm doing look at me I'm sorry it's our
baby
I think that's
no cute
where is no beautify case is boxing
what's his name what's his name - Laura
- well it was pretty good but the last
year for me improvement last year were
like guys I was a blink I was like this
big on the screen this she means it made
it in for at least a second I reckon
half a second half a second half a
second
all I know is after watching that rice
gum is gonna be pissed
why didn't they go up and the flippin
Logan Paul lot but not rice come they're
just as assholey as each other like all
I know is it was a Viner takeover
literally all I could see is vine is in
this whole thing yeah people who start I
don't mind like yeah literally there's
so many Viners in this it was good it
was pretty good good honesty last year's
was there seriously I thought they were
just gonna par handsome divided but I
was like they can't really do that if
we're in a shop with nikkietutorials
we're safe okay
good game again anyway I gotta go to the
airport now
oh yeah Xena's flying to the airport I'm
flying to the airport that's how we do
that we take planes to be able to catch
another plane yeah yeah and this
happened off they're dating no birthday
your breath stink - yeah that's know
like it's not a putrid death guys we
never asked you for anything right I beg
you go on YouTube you on video and just
comment as much as you can Oh Dino said
like or the timing or Dean and said Dina
said comment so the next year they give
us like a full second yellow eye mouth
goodbye
