back with another video right today's
video is reacting to video and I am
going to be reacting to a video that sit
actually made a while back basically
right the other day me and said we're
having a little bit of a domestic
nothing too serious but we haven't even
argument and who's talked to me about
how disgusting I am basically disgusting
as in how like dirty and messy I am and
I was like no I hate me have you seen my
side of the room upstairs then he was
like Deena I got proof love I filmed
this in a vlog months ago and you still
haven't even watched it I thought you
know what let me watch this down vlog
that he's talking about hopefully he's
not going to be that bad because if he
really you know puts out all of our shit
on the internet then he's asking for
trouble me right let's just watch it oh
my god oh wow it's sitting right there
where I was like you better sit there
with me honey because you're gonna see
my reaction in real life too oh hold on
let me just check the date of this video
cuz if I'm gonna see a lot of Hannah and
this was back in February this is age
ago Hannah was so W cute
Deena is currently knocked out oh my god
I need to wake her up
oh shit is half eight but she's got a
meat in it like 9:30 I love that
Oh shake Deena I'm gonna wake her up
like I get a lion every day no one day
and it's filmed it looks like I'm
getting a lion every damn day oh god
it's 8:30
I hate that when people record their
partners just waking up and they've got
that dumb voice on it's not unsupervised
and it's not supervised you idiot
you're in the other room who's
supervising at the TV
what do you film you're just filming me
looking like an idiot touched me you
annoying person with the camera in my
face all the time
uh I don't know guys lately uh I've lost
all my motivation for everything I've
lost all my movies and I kind of stuck
in a rut right now I'm kind of stuck in
a rut right now I have a plan starting
from tomorrow I'm gonna hit the gym
every more not OCD but I'd like my
things in certain places and I'd like
everything to be clean correction he
likes his things all in a certain place
any but it's not necessarily if there's
mess and dirt the mess and dirt is neat
but it's still messin dirt so you might
have had 10 kicked acts the night before
so the rubbish for the KitKat's is all
screwed up in nice neat little balls in
a pile by still rubbish in a pile on the
table it's just presented neatly yeah
like the way I want it and arrange
everything the way I want it it would be
such an ideal thing satisfy the OCD in
me I literally have no time ten minutes
talking about it what pisses me off and
and and bless her Dino Dino you're
really coping with a lot aren't you say
it I do all the cleaning because I have
this OCD in my head
like it's a passion I've literally given
up with cleaning I like to be consistent
so I'll do dishes every morning I'll
tidy up after me keeping consistent and
then Sid won't do any of that but then
at the end of the week or at the end of
a foon I hope you like no this house is
driving me crazy
and then he'll spring cleaning it like
he's ready to move out I'll clean it
like the fucking Queen is coming in
everything nicely the way I want it and
then the minute we pick up Anna give a
fucking 10 minutes and it's back to
normal just continue what am I supposed
to do I don't understand
and that kids make a mess so you can't I
do something one day and yes as soon as
they walk in it's gonna get messy again
and then you know what you do you keep
tidying if you seem to state the Kaizen
right now you will be disgusted is
fucking vile what is that that's a
Lola's cake box and and Deena's just
eating the cupcake Oh 21st of Feb 21st
of F today Deena would still eat that
the date says 21st effect is good tea
that's a bottle Hanna's bottle let's
just lay around in the car see it use it
pick it up take it in wait waiting for
me to instruct you I've lost all my
motivation oh yeah yeah cuz we needs our
self a pair of scissors in the car big
- Parris - just in case somebody wants a
haircut in the cold
great great it's fucking chewing gum no
no no no no it's a fuckin nickname how
is this even possible
what is this sand why I haven't been to
the beach has nobody been to the beach
all that stuff on the floor you're
seeing is directly beneath Hannah's
chair
remember when we lived back there the
traffic to get to nursery at the car
journeys were and now op+ says she'd
need a snack in the carpet shoes hungry
or whatever and then sometimes she'd get
pissed is she just chuck it on the floor
and then by the end of the day there's
just a huge pile and by the time we've
got home with so naked so tired that we
just take hammer upstairs with our
shopping or whatever it is and then
we're like next morning we'll clean up
and then it doesn't happen and it's just
a bloody vicious cycle isn't it no no no
no what is this what the is this
seriously you know you're a filthy
bastard you should probably do that just
in case you wanna put a dead body in
there some pretty song you gonna be
there is a nappy cuz we don't have one
what does shipping inside plastic box I
put the nappy of the beautiful plastic
box because like you send the big yet we
don't have a big so I don't want
nappy to start leaking or getting all
the shit of piss out of it onto the
carpet of the office or onto the surf of
the office so until we had a plastic bag
or a big I put it in back dirt all my
little stuff that you're filming on the
floor why is on the floor cuz didn't
have a desk because we just moved in why
does suitcase there cuz we were
transferring stuff from the house to the
office why is that huh so I'm kind of
glad I went on okay I'm glad you got it
off your chest it I'm glad it's done
fucking wonder for me fucking the one I
gonna piss off not shut up with let me
tell you something about sit this guy is
a click that's nice to know
I'm done dot dot and the thumbnail has
him going like anyway I hope that
cleared up a lot of the misconceptions
that were in the comments of me being a
dirty Pig because there is reason behind
everything guys and remember the car
environments in a family is a shared
environment and not one person should
take responsibility for everything right
I'm trying to be very polite but I'm
actually very annoyed at how he's
portrayed me so um
Sid can piss right off tell never enough
to piss off on his stupid on his stupid
out to wash it out chose that piss off
no no shut up and you know what I really
hate the line before that he was like
I'm gonna get some work done now and
then he went piss off now when people
say now to curse together it sounds
really stupid I'm gonna go get some work
done now piss off now no no you gotta
you gotta erase one of the now Sid
having said all that I really do think
that Sid actually deserves some
recognition for his tidiness and
- well done for that but that doesn't
eliminate the fact that you portrayed me
as such a pig living in a pig sty so I'm
gonna have to get you back and you'll
have to wait to see how
