morning guys today is it's Thursday and
I have gone into town for an appointment
I haven't really been vlogging all week
because this week we've been quite busy
we've been doing interviews to hire a
social media kind of assistant person
who can edit my videos help me with
collaborations help me think up fresh
new content for you guys I've just
dropped an off to nursery and had I had
a huge tantrum this morning oh my god
basically she permanently mum confession
only brushes her teeth once a day and
that is at night time oh my god so it
was Hannah's first dentist appointment
she did very well at the dentists I'm
not gonna lie she did she did she did
excellent actually I was very very
impressed and very proud of her so the
dentist was there saying to Hannah right
so we need to brush our teeth twice once
in the morning after breakfast and once
before bed so basically I've been trying
to enforce that okay but I have been
trying new methods so maybe I'll catch
that on camera for you guys a bit later
basically signal play brush has just
launched its new innovation which is
play brush smart sonic and it's an
intelligent electric toothbrush which
connects to interactive games on your
phone which is sick because they think
so fast we'd been working for this made
brushing teeth in the morning
way more fun less tantrums and no more
drama signal play brush have kindly
sponsored this video and I'm going to
show you guys how has been using it
recently she's so excited this has kind
of given incentives for hannah to brush
your teeth properly for a bit longer as
well because of the game of the game yes
wait haha skinned inflate the game you
guys had to brush born around her mouth
as well I've been teaching her to brush
have premolars and molars a lot more as
well apparently been proven as well that
kids are brushing their teeth twice as
long with this incentives for are you
sure your honor
and her progressive teeth brushing don't
forget to click the link in the
description we actually have 20% off as
well with decode Sid and Deana link in
the description we'll take you there to
play brush once again for sponsoring
this video and come on handers play so
we're gonna go on Hannah's profile guys
I highly recommend this if you're having
trouble with making teeth brushing fun
right so should we do the superstars
game Hannah yeah okay get your
toothbrush ready three two one day
trippers ready brush good brush seconds
good girl high school well done let me
have a go let's see let's just test it
happens if I do this oh let's make it a
shape see see now have two circles put
your teeth together teeth together
look out shake circles no oh
where's minis make go up they are it's
going up donor lovely well that's good
brushing now if you brush your top teeth
then they should move again
good girl now is going that way welcome
don't do another one you want to keep
brushing your teeth yeah great
mission accomplished guys
beautiful sunglasses today is a
audiobook day I don't know if I
mentioned it you guys in the last vlog I
think I did but I never it never made
the cup right and but today basically we
are doing an audio book for modestly the
book audio version and I've been
recording it for the last two to three
weeks or so I'm like on different days
obviously today should be the last
session and say it's coming with so is
baby mica by the way and the cause see
it is actually written a part of the
book so that bit needs to be in his
voice
of and so we are going to do that and
whilst it's doing his bit I'm gonna
probably just be chilling with mica in
the waiting room or maybe taking for a
walk around the block or something I
don't know we'll see I really need a
manicure bro
anyway I waited lime green it's not real
lime green it's like just a bright green
you like it like a black green hoodie
and it's monkey
it's from monkey mo and I feel like line
needs to be bit more fuller at all
okay the color expert has spoken ice
it's gone into recorder I'm just trying
to keep me Kiera sleep also just cooling
down his water for his next bottle as
well
guys I'm not use any this stuff right
now but we're using it for a picture
I've just been recording we're just
having a break cause someone's up though
yeah not long to go to be honest with
you it's gone he smashed his part I
finish the audio book and I'm just going
to caffeine arrow I passed this shot of
like everything I thought I'd go in get
Hannah some stickers cuz oh I didn't
tell you employee training she's
basically trained but it means she's up
to her eyeballs and treats so I'm
turning the treats from sweets to
stickers so that she's not a sugar holic
ended up wearing the back to put the
stuff I bought
it's got like
that you need to announce anywhere wake
up in here now and I got my favorite
drink I haven't come here in the longest
time and I got Gino now they also don't
have a Gina we also have Jimmy I got
this one for Hanna's as another treat
for doing the potty all the time so yeah
I didn't update you guys but Hannah's
potty-trained Camberley I started last
Friday and today is Thursday so she's
basically trained by Monday or Friday to
Monday till about 4 days she's trained
the poos are kind of a bit more
difficult to get because cooing is like
a comfort thing and they're like you
won't be comfortable but the we-we've
she's like holding it in and she telling
me when she needs to go also hand alone
done guys she was just read it if it was
like hell yeah let's do it
feeling quite accomplished today because
I finished the old guys I have a feeling
that it might be obvious that what
everyone's by the book please do that
because a lot of time and effort was put
that book and also the imagery it is
really nice but at the same time I feel
like the audiobook listening to that
might be a nice experience than reading
it almost and very conversational so
it's very like a snot
and I think just get better why not
buys just about to go ride in mess about
basic least don't know what I'm doing
but it's good fun so here's the deal
Judy's gonna give me a lesson apparently
like I need one of those not really
that's it just put him on make him walk
on ya
he's but he was just thing and then he's
recording Judy what do you think of my
writing was it impressed actually
yeah Judy's a professional professional
rider but used to train them judy judy
was a right horsey lady when she was a
bit yeah actually Judy Road yesterday
but I wasn't there so I can get it it's
waiting for Mama now today him some food
he's just chillin so know what yes we're
down now she finds the hot controller
guys we're going to London well I'm
going to London we're taking Hannah to
nursery
I'm going to do a shoot one that I'm not
allowed to talk about
but man is rishabh old is waiting there
with your friends are there but excited
admins Londoner who dude
wish me luck because I probably won't be
able to film there because it says on
the brief sheet like strictly cameras no
filming other than authorized personnel
which isn't me as much they told me to
take off my earrings and to just put
this on for now this stomach I walk with
me I'm gonna be wearing like a long
white shirt everyone else's didn't like
brass that's like getting shorts all
good
I finished the shoe and I was is so
awkward I literally feel like I look
like someone's auntie in the back anyway
I'm here today toes and guess what flora
came at the shoot and she brought me a
huge Bank goody bags that people have
sent and I forgot it there and I'm
really annoyed because there was candy
kittens in the bag yeah anyway you're
watching this guys how much juice is
living room Masha Allah Masha Allah I
love it aw jeez he made their Egyptian
salad looks yes morning guys Oh folks on
the coffee not the way to Teddy in the
back enjoying the coffee after a non
interrupted sleep with no kids with me
Wow guys what the hell is to see stop
doing see she's gone to work by the way
it's very early in the morning and the
this dog is trying to tell me by the way
it is dogs called cupboard cupboard
dekalb
Kelvin Arabic means no
Hubbert were you doing what are you
doing oh that was cute dude again I
literally don't know use of still asleep
pilot you don't know I'm just basically
watching this dog I don't know what to
do with him
I like dogs but I love cats got it
you see how I just called him and he
looked Choji and Chaplin do that my cats
I don't need it dogs for that I can call
my cats and they will look at me it's
not like he's coming is it
he still mentioned about what is he
doing so guys I wanted to talk to you
guys a little bit about what I was doing
yesterday because I didn't really get a
chance to but basically generally I'm
quite a confident person when I go to
like shoots and you know things like
that I'm like quite confident and I
because normally I like I know what I'm
going there for and I know what's
expected on me things like that but
basically and so I'm not allowed to say
what the shoot was for because it's all
confidential and it's not coming out
till around November time but this will
all make sense when you see it basically
I was completely out of my comfort zone
at yesterday shoot like completely out
of it there's one part of it where we
have to do like social media and just
answer some interview questions and talk
a little bit about what you do which I
was completely fine with than I did it
and I was just like I was so comfortable
doing that but then the majority of the
shoot so out of my comfort zone when you
have to do one about loads of people
it's all of a sudden not like your any
kitchen or even just in front of the
camera funny at the same time and all
the girls I was with assert I met so
many so many the good thing is I met so
many sick sick wearing man I think a
half of their details if I need to I'm
gonna like hunt them down basically yeah
I can't wait for you guys to see me
reppin all the awkward all the awkward
sisters
I'm in SIDS little office oh my gosh Wow
I much choice my face in it I thought I
looked awake but nobody know any guys
I'm talking low because it's on the
power
so today I got dressed dry my earrings
look
hamdeen says on my blog in the white how
do you guys it's cuz he's a rapper now
rappers don't blog you finish talking to
Papa
hello
I wonder Pony Papa so guys in case you
couldn't tell we're a bit excited to be
talking on the phone because this is the
first time music have ever owned a house
phone we've never actually put in use
our landline number and it's the first
time we have mainly because the mobile
signal that we have in this house is
atrocious what we gonna do now while we
play in we're gonna make cakes and tea
Ellie's okay sorry smoke your hands on
the hips
Oh careful
oh good think data was in front of you
to save you beautiful field you just
come across guys huge like topics and
rest morning guys we have a problem
hey Emily look my Isola oh it's not that
solid no you can't see him it was like
this in the morning I'll don't poke it
media it's basically one of the cats one
of the hairs went on my face so I start
love my eye and I think it just
we got trapped in my eye hi guys I just
realized I didn't end this vlog it's
very late at night so I'm ending the
vlog here it's long enough I think and
you guys probably way bored by now but
anyway I will see you in next week's
vlog which should be a really fun one
because it is a vlog basically following
me on the week of my book tour
have you noticed I'm mainly doing vlogs
right now am I on my channel since I've
had Meeker because it's the easiest
thing to do during this you know newborn
phase but pretty soon I'm gonna start
doing you know sit-down videos so let me
know what you want to see in terms of
that maybe a lot more talking ones as
well as obviously we're gonna have to
get back to fashion and a bit of makeup
aren't we yeah we are but leave those
suggestions below and yes so I'll see
you next week good bye
