morning guys right today is the
introduction to a new series of video on
my channel just ignore all the talking
in the back cause my lads here I've been
really busy recently and I haven't
really done any fashion related videos
so really easy way for me to do that is
to just record my clothes everyday let
you just be like an outfit diary every
single week so I thought we'd start
today Saturday and we'll do all the way
to Friday on my head today
I've got Duty scarf some simple hoops
and then I'm wearing this like shiny wet
look long Mac from Topshop but I nicked
off my sister underneath I'm wearing
this DKNY vintage jumper and then I've
just got this like ribbed shiny vest for
layering some H&M jeans and these
splatter pin trainers that I bought from
a shop in Chelsea called
Elia B I've got Hannah in some gap jeans
I've layered two t-shirts on her today
this one is just as de and then this one
is a sale from Tesco back at one then
she's one of those little pill errors
that you get from accessorized to wear
with wedding dresses and where are your
shoes and your hair go get your hair
show them your hat taking the jacket off
because I just got really hot all of
sudden and yep there you go
I cut the sides as well just so it could
be a lot Lisa there's Hannah's hat guys
oh well you ain't it
Iger everything except for the vines of
home Zara
are you having my coffee phone you
cheeky I didn't show you guys my new
jewelry check out this gorgeous bracelet
from guest they also got me earrings but
knowing the earrings right now you want
a picture hi guys Sunday we've been out
all day but I've got to show you my
outfit cuz obviously that's what we're
doing now I am wearing this black sporty
kind of jacket from course you also have
a head look check out in the mirror
they're ready with the hood duty scarf
as usual underneath that jacket we have
this blue sweater that I cut up actually
because it's too long which is from ASOS
but underneath I've just got this really
thin chiffon sheer vest that I bought
from boohoo years ago and I've kept it
ever since just for layering
and then these checker tarting kind of
joggers that are also from boohoo ages
ago but I've kept them for absolute
years I'm wearing these blue janowski's
that I also got about two years ago when
we still live in Birmingham from the
night outlet and Hannah is wearing her
blue tracksuit which is as de boys
school section what have you got in your
hair today hey hey good girl you got
clip and her bubble like I think it's
pink blush pink cable net jumper on some
jeans these red wings that I've had for
about how many years now oh it's one of
their classic versions you can get these
here's my full look guys it's pretty
slouch some pretty gross actually some
guys just thought I'd show you I'm
wearing obviously just to warn you it's
slightly childish this outfit but it's a
hoodie and I live in them some who cares
anyway deucey scarf these earrings I got
from a supposed to think ages ago and
these are the ones they've got me from
net-a-porter we've got pink H&M hoodie
I've got this stripy t-shirt underneath
also H&M for layering my H&M jeans I
wear pretty much every day and then
we've got these new boots that I picked
up from ASOS actually which I thought it
just perfect for the winter pretty much
wear with anything and then I'm wearing
some mesh socks underneath which are H&M
then gets bracelet I've been wearing a
lot recently then I've got my usual thin
kind of gold rings this is my wedding
band but this one and these two are just
our goth ones they're like the cheapest
gold band that you can get I think
they're like 28 pounds each and I bought
three because I mean I just keep them on
all the time and they're very handy and
then I've got this gold bracelet which
is from Dubai I'm also going to be using
a bag today this black rucksack that
I've actually been wearing almost every
day you can past seven months maybe
since I stole it off my sister how can
you feel me there we go
that's it
it's the dull and dreary Tuesday we are
spending it at home editing and tidying
up the house so basically I mean nothing
interesting just house clothes this
yellow hoodie from Zara and then I'm
wearing these flared kind of lounge
pants that I got from boohoo literally
like two years ago lounging today
nothing interesting so I gotta be honest
with you guys right basically it's
Wednesday I have pretty much not gone
out except for to pick up Anna from
nursery and therefore I haven't really
got dressed because even when I picked
up Anna like it's just been said going
in to get her and I'm just like waiting
in the car or I've just driven him there
I'm wearing this navy blue really Willie
fleece kind of jumper that's slightly
longer at the back there you go you can
see it there and basically my sister
chucked it out the other day so I was
like I'll take that love for the house
because it's nice and warm but I'm
wearing these pull and bear lycra kind
of flared trousers that I wore over the
summer for a bit but they're not really
that suitable to wear out because
they're very very like lycra they're
just good like for lounge pants only
like 10 pounds I think and I don't know
where this jump is from Ashley because
like I said it's 2 C's old one the
previous week to this I was basically
like really crazy busy and I was out
every day to relay basically this week I
haven't been that busy which I'm very
thankful for and that's why I thought
I'd maybe do this vlogging outfit thing
but what I found is that the last two
days yesterday and today I've actually
had a bit of a I've been feeling like
 and I think it's because I've been
eating like
I've been binging a lot I kind of
falling back into my old eating habits
which is really bad it makes me not want
to get dressed to makes me not want to
go out it makes me want to cancel a lot
a lot of plans and it makes me very very
unproductive so hopefully tomorrow
you'll see me back in actual clothing
all right morning guys
a little crazy in fact I feel a little
bit like a Kylie Jenner Jabby we all
know that trend I have a look what I'm
wearing this is the cat that Sid picked
out from Azara ages ago I'm wearing this
gingham top that's actually long but I
tucked into this me mu maxi skirt these
sick sock boots which are from Zara and
then I've got this vintage bomber over
the top monkey this mad fluffy hooded
parka jacket from boohoo man I'm wearing
this pink jumper which I cuts because
it's too long then I'm wearing Zara
checkered trousers we've got some
fishnet socks on from H&M and these
shoes that are from shopton boo boo in
about two years I think said you wanted
to show them the full outfit not yours
oh my full of it Wow
Zara Zara Zara Oh adidas these are cool
they're the Japanese use a hypebeast boy
I'm not I hope you enjoyed this weekly
diary of my outfit yo daddy's gonna dis
me and say all he does is wait wait
what he does is wears all right yeah
would you stop coming on sorry sorry
sorry don't worry the Wardrobe will
expand about the moment was a lie man
okay also by the way I didn't tell you
I'm wearing those guest suit again I
love hoop earrings and it's quite nice
to have a pair of good quality ones
anyway I hope you enjoyed this week's
outfit Diaries of our clothes
Bailey mine but
I'll see you at the end of next week if
you would like any details of all of the
outfits where everything's from in the
description box is the link to my 21
button it's a profile which has all of
my shop of the legs on pretty much my
whole wardrobe that you can go through
from once back and have a look at pretty
much all my clothes click and there's
really the shop so
