hi guys said it was like yo come on a
student about your average Muslim series
that I just dropped my youtube channel
tennis about the series how it came
about
well basically YouTube said d-nut they
want to be ambassador bro I was like
hell yeah that's a different one for
social change because we're doing this
project where you'll be a great change
and you can't go to come up with like
sick videos for social change so I was
like hell yeah and that was actually
like a whole year ago wasn't it but the
deadline turned individuos was obviously
actually yesterday I think we've we
filmed the series in September and just
gone with a production company the
narrative also like originally so we
were obviously like me and you as well
we were like brainstorming loads of
ideas well we said we were like what
could we do that would be sick should we
do a really artsy kind of video there's
so many avenues that we could have gone
down because this was an opportunity to
do something super different so we
wanted to explore the same ideas I
already do on my channel but like more
because we had to support from YouTube
now they gave all the ambassadors a
certain amount of money to work with the
production company and pay for all the
costs and all that stuff so we don't
actually like get paid to do it but we
get the money to use a production
company that we wouldn't have been able
to do so before with that opportunity in
mind I was like so she would do artsy
fartsy what should we do bruh and in the
end I was like you know what we'll go do
something I'm really passionate about
what was it said I was just pissed off
about men Muslim men in particular
especially you guys will already know
that from my recent blog post that I did
called Muslim men and it was basically
all about you know their obsession with
the way women dress and it's not even
just in the sliminess literally men as a
whole isn't it really it started off
like that yeah so so actually this this
idea of meeting all these cool women
came from my frustration at the
obsession that men subconsciously have
with the way women dress and their
entitlement to their opinion to
literally any woman who calls herself in
this live so it came from that but then
what we thought was you know it's too
negative to do that and it's giving
these idiot blokes too much limelight so
why don't we do something on the flip
side the series
that we did was a celebration why can't
I look at both and why don't look at
anything just look at the TV sit okay
listen I'm a chameleon I can look at my
knee because this is so funny right now
I'm good stop this we've seen you
looking out into the distance over the
bridge so why your average Muslim i
titled it your average Muslim in the
context of let me give an example
oh I'm Dina blogger mom wife I do sick
things I don't take shape of anyone oh
yeah just your average Muslim so
basically what I'm trying to do is I'm
normalizing what is already the norm to
us all of us Muslims we all already all
like all all of my Muslim friends that I
know and the ones I grew up with they're
all they're all do sick things and
they're all open mind and they're all
like not like what you see on telly yeah
so for us it's all normal but in the
media and everywhere else it's like if
we're gonna make it on the news or in
the media in a positive way or anything
is always like oh because she's doing
this and she's a Muslim woman so she's
breaking the stereotype but like that's
just so boring like nobody's out here
trying to break a stereotype like the
West has literally put the stereotype on
us and we all gonna stay here trying to
figure out how to break it Oh your
average Muslim your average Muslim is
literally all of Z all of these sick
things you know I mean so a lot of
people not a lot of people a tiny tiny
group of people kind of miss the point
with that and they're like I'm not your
average Muslim I'm amazing I mean yeah
you kind of missed the point with that
that's like what we're trying to say but
what we're trying to say is it is that
the majority of Muslims is amazing
that's the majority and that's why it's
your average Muslim the average Muslim
is talented and amazing
no psycho terrorist immediated that deep
it's just like a celebratory celebratory
documentary and you know what can I just
say when I was researching all the women
to go in meat and stuff there was so so
so many amazing women that I came across
that I would love to continue the series
with I would love to continue this and
go abroad and meet just some sick women
that I have on my list basically and
continue it and then I would also love
it - like delve deeper into a lot of
topics and issues what did you do in
Episode one to blow well so episode one
we all had a massive argument and I
think actually most of us reflected back
on that and were like oh we sounded like
idiots specifically you said you in
particular yeah I was actually just
aimed at you Oh a lot of people didn't
get this bit the bit where I say the
head stopped me from going into like a
club and so it it like protects me in
that way what I meant with that is so
for example I wouldn't go into a
nightclub because I wear the head
and it's not because I won't get let in
to the nightclub it's because it's just
not appropriate setting for me and a lot
of people took that as in saying whoa
what's that you don't have your own mind
so like if you don't wear a hijab you
can't make that decision that's not my
point my point is for me personally if I
wasn't if I don't wear the hijab the
temptation for me is even bigger because
I know I don't look visibly Muslim or I
don't look visibly as Muslim as I would
if I was to wear the head so the
temptation to like go into our setting
is easier because you get me it wasn't
it wasn't saying like oh you'll only be
able to slip me some from goodness cuff
us cough that was just me personally
that really helps me I haven't been like
clubbing whoa okay why we have loads of
like girls parties you know okay we go
off don't we sit what happens in episode
2 episode 2 I go and I meet Dalia
powerlifter and she is sick think she is
a sick thing you know why she's a sick
thing because she owns that gym she
doesn't actually owned the gym but she
owns that gym like she walks through
that Jamie she's like Norden everyone
everyone's like yes yes we know you well
gone I like to think I'm a realist so
I'm like oh everything oh no it's
too hard
blob I'm one of these people yeah I
don't really look at the positive things
that much but then you meet people like
Dalia and you know she's doing something
which I would find incredibly difficult
to do wearing a job or just being must
live in general and she's just so
positive about everything like they
literally the the common theme that I
found with all three of these women is
that they literally don't let any
negativity in front of them they
literally ain't got time for
 and I think that's why they're all
able to excel in what it is that they
love doing 3 episode 3 I went to meet
Emmy and she basically is the life of
any party we walked into her studio and
we greeted her and she's one of those
people has a really really familiar face
like really familiar face I was just
like you literally feel like home
when she hugged me I was like well you
smell and you feel like home I don't
know what home it was some home in Egypt
though someone's home yeah she really
reminded me of my childhood friend
Khadijah like everything about her the
way she told everything I was like wow
so many like so many feels when I
greeted her and she was just like she's
just one of those girls who just like
lights up the room and it's just so
positive and inspiring literally doesn't
give a what anyone thinks what does
she do Dena she teaches who teaches
hip-hop but let me tell you she just
hip-hop hip-hop that's the dancer she's
a hip-hop dancer teaches hip-hop dance
and she has students who now compete and
win and they're pretty sick and before
she wore the head jab she was competing
and she was basically dominant in
Berlin's underground hip-hop world she
was like king episode 4 was a bit more
serious very very interesting we met
Sofia who basically runs the Muslim
women imprison project and that is
looking at Muslim women in prison and
the reasons that they go to prison also
providing them a support network for
them in prison but also for when they
leave prison and kind of trying to
trying to get back into life pretty much
and I just found that so interesting and
I really really want to continue that
exploring that with Sofia hopefully if
we do a continuation of this series and
potentially meet some women who have
been in prison and they experience
cetera because I think it's actually
really important because never once in
my life have I ever considered Muslim
women in prison because the thing is
this is the thing right where soon as
you think oh they're in prison you think
criminals so automatically you think
we're not going to help them you
automatically think about people so why
would you give them your time of day but
you need to realize the reason some of
these women have gone into prison
because a lot of them delve a lot deeper
into community issues rather than just
like what's on the surface a lot of
prevention could have been put in place
if we as communities sorted a lot of
 out to get me
and
absolutely fascinating when I was
talking to off-camera as well we
couldn't put everything on camera
because we just cannot do these things
right so it was so fascinating and I
think the work that she's doing is so
important and actually what it brought
to light to light is that we need more
Muslim women working in these
professional fields and also we need
more women working in mental health as
well because another thing that it
brought to light was that mental health
is totally overlooked in the Muslim
community and isn't taken seriously and
it's just put down to a lack of faith
and a lack of being a good Muslim Muslim
you know speaks out saying they're
suffering with mental health people will
just say oh just pray five times a day
you'll be sorted like that's just
 it was the episode that
actually left me feeling like I need a
career change or not a career change but
I need an add-on on to whatever it is I
do to try and do something more
seriously so I was thinking maybe I
should look into youth work and like get
physically involved rather than just on
the internet it's really good when
there's charities and they're helping
people abroad and stuff that's amazing
because we know that those Muslims need
I help not just Muslims just those
people but if you just look at your own
home ground and in your own your own
communities literally around the corner
from here there's some going down
where people need help talk to me about
y'all's and Joel and their journey
throughout the series so Joel is
freelance filmmaker Giles is a director
producer from the narrative the
narrative is a production company here
in London and basically they're the guys
that we paid to do this it was very very
easy to work with them but what was
funny is that actually I think both of
them learnt a lot on this journey and it
turns out that they loved doing this
series more than I loved doing it no it
wasn't intended but you in the end you
see a lot of Giles and Joel throughout
the series and you actually get to see
them learning and their interactions
with the Muslim women throughout and
it's quite nice because you get like two
different perspectives and you know
conclusions throughout the series and
you know why it's nice because you can
see the relationship and the banter that
I had with them which just shows you
that you know it's not I mean look how
different I am to these dudes I mean I
know I'm halfway but like you know
there's a big
differences between me Charles and Joel
but there's also a lot of similarities
and loads of things that we had lots of
banter on and you know what we had a
 ton of banter on our differences to
be honest with you and I thought that
was just really nice okay so shall we
wrap up yeah so please watch the series
guys I'm not letting anything for the
rest of the week you're literally just
getting over that and then I'll probably
upload all four of them in one video a
long documentary so please watch it
share it and also use the hashtag your
average Muslim to tell me and tell
everyone else who the hell you are and
what it is you do eat share your story I
suppose last night we were we were
already trending on twitter with the
hashtag which is sick I'm chuffed that's
for sure let us know if you want to see
more of your average Muslim because I'm
pretty positive that this series your
average Muslim could really go into many
different avenues so that's it go ahead
watch everything obviously all the links
are down there well I think we'll put a
video somewhere around here yeah I'll
catch you on my channel with regular
videos as of next week peace
