we're in Bradford to meet Sofia who
works on the Muslim women in prisons
project where she helps them before
their release kind of integrate back
into us into community just loads of all
these issues basically that we're gonna
learn about because I always thought
like I like to talk about women's issues
but then when I came across Sofia I was
like oh I never actually even once
considered Muslim women in prison the
kind of like different needs that they'd
have and the experiences they'd have
because they're Muslim and from like
community backgrounds it's a bit
different from some of the other girls
right well not completely different I
mean if you can talk about the obvious
thing she doesn't wear hijab she's doing
work that is really needed and really
overlooked yeah yeah she'll be really
interesting Jaya yeah yes reynad she
going
okay look here I could just barge in on
you Kidman Center is a care center it
offers services services for people of
all ages really so we have elderly
people accessing this wherever learning
disability group on-site young people
and this is where I work with some of
the offender's from my project was good
moment in prison I'm a community
development worker I've worked with
communities for over ten years
and I'm most known for doing the first
research into Muslim women in prison
just looking at the reasons why Muslim
women go to prison some of the
challenges they face one they're there
and post release as well I went on to
set up rehabilitation program for Muslim
women in several prisons in the UK and I
think a lot of what I do is is
determined by by my Islamic values
in the report it says just briefly like
some of the offender's might have maybe
might be covering up for a male the only
link that we saw in these offenders says
first thing everyone everyone asks is
what they've done yeah and across the
board the only Connection we saw was
there was links to wider family crimes
and then there's this thing about you
know if a woman sometimes takes the
blame it's less time what's a first-time
offender and it's very unfortunate
because that that contradicts everything
faith tells us I've always done gender
equality work so for a long time I
remember setting up a youth club some of
the people in that community really
thought that you know how at the end of
a high school education we'd really like
for our daughters to maybe get married
and settle down and have children
and some of that was to do with I guess
their backgrounds and their mindset that
they brought over from South Asia but I
thought it was really important to
engage young women in recreation and
talk freely about their ideas about life
and and look at their own aspirations
and what they were and to encourage that
type of free thinking
and the other thing that came up was the
fact that some of these women like all
women in prison have suffered very
difficult issues in the background so
issues that we as a community or maybe
not too comfortable speaking about like
you know domestic abuse sexual abuse
there's issues of forced marriage and
mental health
essentially Muslim women are a minority
within a minority here in my experience
whenever I try to talk to like
communities about those issues yeah I
nobody wants to know know about it
because they I don't know maybe is like
just being scared if a woman is a victim
of domestic violence or some sort of
sexual abuse how openly can she goes to
some to a place in her community online
and say look yeah and say look I need to
disclose this and I need help how open
are we as a community to that because
that could eventually prevent a lot of
other things happening and and that's
when you look at the journey of women in
the criminal justice system you find
that there's a lot of hardship and a lot
of baggage behind them Sarah finger
missing
there is there is I ate it so I don't
know my stomach to Rumble can you get us
another chocolate finger and pop it in
there
well what your views on modesty hey Jeb
you know there's a lot of outer piety
yeah communities and it's not really
about that I think I think with your job
for first and foremost you know Islamic
you were told her job is job of the
heart and that reflects in your values
your modesty's your interaction with
people but sometimes I find in
communities that they're it's the other
way around and it's more of an emphasis
on Altera job yeah and it seems to be
that if you are covering up to a certain
extent you you just you know you're
probably the greatest most people
thought and you know you you're the
symbol of or of perfection you can't
make any mistakes and you know and
you're you know you're the pinnacle of
what we what we must aspire for but for
me it's more about your motivation it's
more about your connectivity to people
your interactions so unfortunately I
think you're in this day and age there
is more aware emphasis on on our piety
what would you advice would you give to
those young girls who might feel that
pressure but they have so many things
that they actually want to do steer
committed stay focused be be true to to
your morals visual to your position and
don't be afraid it takes a certain type
of boldness tachi challenge now and even
if that means really sensitive
conversations with your parents and
trying to give your perspective on
background I'd always say that there's
always other women out there that are
doing amazing things it's been really
really interesting talking to you oh I
love Lee of course thanks for having me
it's lovely to have you in Bradford
so what do you think this affair she is
like the only person who's actually
addressing this before I even heard if I
didn't even think Muslim women prison
I'm really inspired to kind of like be
bit more active you know I mean because
I have a lot of use in favor of women
but am I really doing anything I need to
like meet people and branch out and
learn about things I need to learn about
things I don't know child I unless you
don't know anything like you guys were
really name-dropping and I was like
who's there oh he turns I he's a bloody
MP
Deena how's it going not bad cool pretty
hectic few days of shooting right yeah
but we've had a break now we just yeah
we have had a break
have you enjoyed Italy yeah I have
really enjoyed it it's been great
the conversation between you and your
family was pretty interesting there
seemed like there was a bit of a divide
between the girls and the boys in the
room it's that quite a common thing yeah
if you can call it conversation there's
more like a bloody argument like in
terms of our family whenever we have
these debates or these conversations
we're always arguing or in disagreement
with each other especially when there's
boys involved what do you think
interests you most about each of them
they all found more support in those
communities rather than in their life
rather than at home with their Muslim
community that was like of a theme I
like I really like Dalia because she was
in a really really obviously
male-dominated environment and she was
walking around like she owns the place
and it was just so good to see that like
when I first walked in there I was like
oh I don't want to go in there and then
Dalia just took me under her wing and I
was like yes I feel like I should be
here you know they see you guys always
comfortable because there's billions of
you walking around here that's why
you're always like yeah I can go now
could do I don't know ever because they
all look like you to get me but like
when you when you look a bit different
all you do things a bit differently it
is it's quite scary it can be scary
I loved Emmie because before I even saw
what she she was doing and that she just
had
she's just so like warm and inviting
she's very open-minded and she she said
herself she got that from the dance
world like the dance world taught her
how to be open minded and accepting of
others yeah not like not the Muslim
community which is what should be do
what I really loved about Sofia was that
I just been loved the work she's doing
man I found it fascinating and it just
highlighted that how many how much
Muslim women are needed in these
industries as well
so what if anything else in terms of
advice do you want to add we've had a
lot I've read yourself question
everything it's not wrong to question
anything in there an engineer about the
last questions anything you see in the
crouton you don't feel is right you
crested it I just say maybe if you feel
intimidated take a friend we yourself
don't live for somebody else stay
committed stay focused be be true to to
your morals be true to your position
asking for support asking for
encouragement and you know not not many
women that have been down that path
themselves will close the door on you
they're always ready to give advice most
of its a young Panna I would say listen
girl don't take for anyone else I
would say
she was emotional about this as we are
about this coming to an end if anything
I feel like the two people behind the
camera have learned so much guys so if
nobody else gets this whole series you
know what we've changed the perspectives
of two white men and that they that is
amazing in itself
