morning guys it is London Fashion Week
Daewon means is are basically ready he's
a little picky picky on my outfit so
just a white turban on am I wear
sunglasses I've had for ages these estas
earrings I'm basically wearing all a
sauce white I chose white sweater short
on one side and very long on the other a
sauce white skirt and then cider boots
do you like it oh also then this bag
which is a gift from the guy who owns
store WF thanks it was good pursued by
negative guys we just went to like the
hub
I really get a possum don't think is why
I don't disagree with them I I know we
completely agree with them it's just
this was killed for me so I agree but
you know as listen we eat meat if
they've been taking care of it like a
humane way and obviously not too much
and they've been slow
the hell Elway then obviously after that
we you but we don't do it the opposite
way which which is not right obviously
we're going to show you the protester
komaraiah Deena you can wait here Dean
has been asked to take the pictures
randomly because that's what people do
here
so those are the protesters that is the
protest and obviously I completely agree
with them sometimes they're a bit mental
anyway so now we are gonna go war to the
Royal Theatre where there's a haze and
wine presentation going on last year
nobody wanted to take three stars for me
this time to go down I do think yeah
works the Fashion Week yeah should have
warned what I what did you do it okay
guys just wait it's going to just have
this cute little baby
Primrose bakery so we're having a break
from posing okay well I've been using
right is the fence of you blowing powder
I never showed you guys in the video and
I never tried it but he's really good
probably my favorite thing actually
my second attempt to zoo Fashion Week so
last year I think I did just a handful
of things this year I can't even no bit
more and we've been invited to a few
more things the problem is though on
Sunday I'm gonna miss some good things
because I've got a film for YouTube
because I've got deadlines for my crates
to change your better death program and
series that's coming out October so I
have to come for that and then on Monday
we're going to Berlin to film for it
which means Monday I missed a whole day
of Fashion Week
why don't really mind to be honest with
you because I feel like Friday Saturday
Sunday isn't up anyway now we are going
to something called the apartment which
is like something set up go take content
charge your phones have borrowed things
get cars to shows so we're going to go
check this out in the list we go to
China exchange hope you try and get some
content there's great content first
thing I've noticed I'm the dog's
bollocks I like it
guys this is like a little backdrop area
big step because they're doing fun music
videos I'm gonna come back and do a to
see and also you can take other pictures
there
and this over here is like a little pop
shop space they've got we've got bad you
take which is there you can't look at
the clothes and you can borrow things if
you want to if you got sure to go to
something do that
that's four days he's having one that
was - fine my little area self so you
can take that flatly look at these shoes
can we talk about these shoes please
by the way I've noticed yellow is so hot
right now street style
everyone's doing yellow and I was going
to be yellow but to be honest with you I
think I'm a bit too chicken but I'll
update you on that they're nice aren't
they is the outfit oh you guys never saw
the pur look oh they're beautiful look
now should we do it every day do you
know let's do every day do right here I
feel like a little wine butter sauce
Steph Lagasse with the pears in the past
I don't want the recipe and at first
even if I gave it torn they would not
know how to start it will not know how
to start start start start start start
start stir stir stir stir stir it would
not know first
first let's start even if I get it no I
will not know yeah this is the lounge
area going there you can just come and
chill and then up there they have live
streams of shows I just got these family
kitten seats everywhere which is cool
cause guess what
Hallel the guillotine inside they also
say you know solitaire is there are
Osama Kyle with the bus
I took my belt off guys because Y was
the zoom pin like imma do that hold up
luminara's about basically we ate in
there and now I can't breathe but we're
going home now that's it for day one I
do have backstage with Benefit Cosmetics
but I need to check if Jersey is up for
going to that because if she is then
I'll go hopefully I'll be able to make
it but I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able
to make it so I might have to cancel but
hopefully not because it's with benefits
that should be quite interesting and I'm
gonna go pick up Hannah now and then
we'll see morning guys is stay to London
Fashion Week and today we got to see
joining us we're not actually doing much
we're going through the just McConnell
show now and then I need to go in
quickly into the designer showrooms and
get that content for you because I
didn't want to get a plus one or another
pass for that so to see won't be able to
come in but she can hang out with those
two in the back
Yousef Sid and we're taking Hannah with
us as well today which is good because
last year which is my first time doing
London Fashion Week we actually took
Hannah with us and Sid had to in the
sling the whole time in the shoes
yeah Hannah clean everywhere this last
year was a wicked this is one wearing
guys Yousef is holding himself not to
rip the piss out of me
but you know what for me this is
comfortable fresh Anya with our boots
monkey joggers and then this our kit
jumper that I got when I went to the
launch and in this little bag from Zara
which sit said like stupid book
obviously I'm wearing the same as
yesterday because I don't give a
yes have a goal in mind ready whoa
Sydney napur the cut in the Hat
good hustle
oh it smells amazing you know how good
looking at the new dry clothes
look how they displayed them as well
guys I've got many one for now do the
get the printer then I put them on its
diamond look like I did stuff where you
choose you've gotta be extra sure you
get it into Fashion Week zone right here
guys these will be just about like three
ugly knock all night
yeah not great really oh I wonder where
my bases covered snacks for anyone
hungry during Fashion Week guys she's
found this you really like to try it on
yeah that's really your science duties
just black does never watch
go to yellow
real unique table as well guys Mike and
massage anybody guys are just leaving
and they're skinny bags how nice thank
you
back at the hope and love with these
guys now I'm gonna go in there and then
we'll meet with these guys like that off
I guess
well this is exciting I'm not sure if I
can shop but bloody hell do I want to do
recipe and data first even if I gave it
to him they would not know how to start
it would not know how to start start
start start start start start stir stir
stir stir stir it would not know nurse
nurse nurse goddamn what is that
Oh cute I will not know sir
as we cut cut because everyone's
beautiful but you are honest a solitary
us there are no some a guy with the bus
hours you might look at these head
pieces I'm dying BC right here
especially that when I'm in love with
and on the back row guys golf hat
incorporate together that it's pretty
cool and this is what looks like on yes
yeah
oh my god I love it
guys this is the new things but on the
way home Hanna's have a long tiring day
they don't really kid with you around
fashion weekend but I'm glad I went to
showrooms because I found some amazing
traveling tomorrow there's like two
presentations and two shows that I'm
gonna have to mesh miss because we've
got the YouTube guys coming over so that
we can film for our for my ambassador
crazy change project so tomorrow will be
that and then in the evening you
tomorrow at about 4 o'clock I'll be
going to Topshop unique every day said
but that was useless beatboxing exist
anyway tomorrow is YouTube stuff and
then tops up unique and then on Monday
I'm off to Berlin so we're at GG's house
now we're going through like all the
goodie bag stuff that we got in the
skinny bag from the 21 man and we all
were doing a pizza and I just want to
show you so taking my boots off and it's
basically always a pain don't know six
six slices or six pizzas so my boot very
much cut me boarded one two three four
five because there's six of us so it's
Saturday spent the whole morning filming
for my youtube series and then Hannah
had a puking session and picked up all
the food and basically she's been unwell
all week so I basically thought you know
what I'm not going to my show today my
ha I'm not going to the Topshop show and
as well tomorrow I'm going to Berlin
really early in the morning so just
spend the evening
what's the matter look at that so no
Fashion Week stuff today or tomorrow cuz
will be valid tomorrow but oh my god
that's straight now so I do have a show
to do on Tuesday but I'll see if I end
up going as a 12 o'clock and then I've
got to the Rihanna lon
at 7:30 and I hate having to go descent
down then come we'll go out central go
what we'll do in between for all those
hours so we'll see what happens this
could be the end of the blog you'll know
in the next scene or not
