hi guys I'm back with another video and
this time I finally managed to sit down
and do a proper sit-down video as we all
know Rihanna has just launched her
makeup line fancy beauty and basically I
was freaking excited about this and the
sad story is the launch day on Friday
morning I was supposed to go to Harvey
Nichols get a first look at it but it
was at 7 a.m. and I actually I overslept
which is terrible to make myself feel
better I went straight online Harvey
Nichols and I ordered myself ten
products from the collection and I have
to say I was really surprised when I
went online at how affordable it was for
a makeup line by a celebrity basically
it's not drugstore makeup or anything
like that it would be considered on the
higher end so I think I spent about two
hundred and fifty pound but anyway I
bought a bunch of things open everything
up on camera with you
I bought two foundations cuz I couldn't
figure out what shade I would want I got
210 and 250 and then I bought a primer
and then I bought the lip gloss I bought
a bunch of other things things will
start off with the primer so normally I
don't use a primer right but I just
thought you know what let me just try a
primer let me try and I can you try no
but I never normally go for primers
whatsoever this is the packaging oh this
is what the primer looks like that's
very eye it's like a really
sophisticated candy I gotta be honest
with you whatever I think about the
primer don't take my word for it because
I'm not a primer person so I wouldn't
really know so far this smells vanilla
we filled basically just like a
moisturizer by the way I'm breaking out
like crazy because it's the time of the
month say TM eyes primers on so far so
good my experience with private's before
and the reason I don't really like to
wear them is I feel like when I start
rubbing my face like it comes off in
like bits but so far this just feels
like a really light weight moisturizer
which I guess is a good thing
relook at the packaging cuz I'm quite
excited by that that's just given me
inspiration for
an outfit on to the good shit the
Foundation's let's just open them up and
see you know the coloring by the way the
outside packaging is pretty nice as well
they've got a sponge and just comes with
some black ink which is lovely really
here it is Fanta beauty on the front
there and on the back it says shake well
this is shade 250 and I'll just take
shake to turn out so on line there is
like a foundation chart where you can
try and match your shade just by kind of
looking and I think I looked through the
medium tones to get these two to ten is
clearly a lot lighter and 250 is a lot
darker just without looking at the
actual product I'm actually not gonna
try to ten because I think it's way too
light for me right now so I'm gonna try
250 and I'm gonna shake it really well
just like a stairs on the backs go very
runny it's very liquidy very runny then
if you can see that but that is the
color right there are you ready guys I'm
not I need a guide air mirror let's go
damn man here it is
okay oh shit is this too dark oh shit
guys let me be honest with you I haven't
worn a full face of makeup since about
six weeks now
and I mean like full face like
foundation everything I've just been
doing a bit concealer mmm so actually
it's not too dark it's blending in with
my skin tone quite glad I feel like okay
let me just work this in a bit it's the
very
okay so I've just put like a squirt on
this part on the face and I don't want
to say anything just yet but it's set
very quickly and blended in like also
very quickly I don't want to speak too
soon yet so I don't want to praise
anything just yet
yeah NIR moaning look crazy Wow a few
dabs and it's literally blended in mate
there's no Street shut up let's do me
midsection including Minos damn I did
not expect this like I know everyone's
been raving about this like in fact I
don't think I've seen one bad review no
I haven't I have not seen one bad review
but I really did think people were maybe
just like licking ass a little bit
potentially it is Rihanna you know most
people would lick one myself but I can't
lie to you that shit is looking freaking
good right now this shade is slightly
more on my tan - kinda side definitely
guys just blending in like crazy man
it's blending in so good I don't wanna
get anything on my eyebrows
well well well right let me do some
forehead I'm just gonna put the tiniest
bit on my forehead because I have no
reason actually just because
this foundation is a soft matte
foundation and let me tell you that is
so mat like you can see the shine is
reducing the more it sets can you see
that like I put it on and it was quite
wet first and it's set it says medium to
full coverage this is this is pretty
full coverage I am definitely not
putting on a second layer I don't need
any more than this let me just go look
in my big mirror just just give me a
second Wow guys I think this foundation
is amazing it's making me really excited
to like finish my full face oh how cute
look blush pink color I do love some
blush pink that is good oh I also got
the blotting powder there's a mirror in
here let me use the mirror in there
since there's so I bought the matchstick
trio in medium it's concealed contour
and highlight so let's just go in and do
that oh my god they're magnetic look oh
my god a cynic whoa oh I love I love
look at that fancy beauty right okay um
let's start with the concealer this is
much stick bamboo oh well that looks a
bit dark but we'll have to use it
because I didn't get another one
oh no it's not dark at all it's way
lighter than my actual foundation so
that works well let's see how much we
get before I continue this is how much
you get guys I've seen products on the
market and I give you about half that so
not bad I'm not gonna do too much
concealer to be fair I was gonna do a
little bit because I feel like this
foundation is gonna be the star of the
show my friends the star of the god damn
she'll literally how pretty is the
packaging though I mean by the way the
concealer is a lot thicker consistency
to the foundation which is obviously
standard for concealer this is a pretty
good match for me though isn't it let's
just talk a little bit about the fenty
beauty campaign and how bloody inclusive
it was of women okay so maybe you know
maybe we're gonna be a little bit biased
being Muslim
in wearing hijab she's pretty much the
only person to feature a hijab' woman in
her makeup campaign the only major major
celebrity to do that um and I think for
that too Rihanna gets a bloody gold
medal already so you know it just tells
you that she ain't playing no Gomes she
basically she has stoke a so far right I
really tried to products right but so
far I can tell this woman has studied
the makeup market she knows she knew
what not to do yeah get me your fill me
and so far so freaking good my friend so
far so freaking good my friend
look at that concealer mate look at that
concealer I haven't even set that shit
shall I set it with my regular pot I'll
just set it oh why should I set it so I
set it no I'm not gonna say it I ain't
never said it now I'm gonna go in with
the contour which is called maca guys
I'm in love with the packaging now gonna
lie I really like passion start light
that's quite no I probably would go for
that shade mitt there's maybe a bit too
dark for me nice not actually right so
when I contour my nose I literally
nowadays I've just been doing the bottom
and a little bit of the fun but like
nothing else just not too much Dena
because so far the base is frickin
flawless and I don't want to ruin it
with anything enough is enough Dena to
ruin that bloody gorgeous space am I
seeing things right let's use the brush
well that did its job quickly did it did
that do its job am I seeing things
yes that did this damn job and it did it
down quickly I'm just going to my big
mirror again because I can't quite
believe the ease and the flawlessness so
I need to confirm it in my big mirror
that is the base so far and you cannot
disagree that this
face looks smoother than my baby's
bottom I've just opened up kilowatts of
the freestyle highlighter and this one's
in trophy wife and I've opened it up and
I basically I don't know if it was
recording or not because it stopped
because I hit 20 minutes or whatever but
I squealed at the size of it because
it's pretty massive I don't know why but
for some reason I thought they'd be like
really small and I think this is the one
that everyone's talking about the really
yellow highlighter yes it is this is the
one oh my God look at that this is the
one guys look at that so let me just
open up the other one I have in mean
money and hustla baby I don't want to
put the trophy wife on just in case it
doesn't suit me but I'm gonna have to
try it for you bro okay so here the
other two well they're totally different
to each other so this one over here is
hustle baby and this one over here is
mean money and I'm actually gonna try
trophy wife first because I feel like if
it's way too bright I can kind of like
simmer it down with the other tooth I've
got a lot on here you ready that's not
normal
oh my gosh no no no no was it ready I
wasn't ready I literally wasn't ready
mate oh my god bro I don't I don't even
catch the light I don't even need to
catch the light it's catching it for me
yo yo okay am I seeing things guys or
does this look good on my skin like I
thought this would be way too yellow for
me yo man it's like I've added a strobe
of light on my face but then from the
front it doesn't look too much but when
I get to the side I'm like blinded by
myself
is this too much am i imagining things I
didn't even put that much chambre oh no
no no this is too much this is this is
too crazy I'm not even trying to catch
the light yo it just keeps catching let
me just try the other two real quick let
me just try and hustle a baby over here
real quick and try and blend it in with
this one I keep blending myself
that's what this one's more more natural
not natural but like more like less
Blindy I'm just trying to like blend in
my strobe of light into my skin almost
with hustler baby you know what let's
try hustler baby on my cupids section
okay so hustler baby is more of a
everyday highlighter I'm more buildable
whereas the trophy wife is like wow
straight away like you don't really to
work on the building section mean money
and we'll try mean money under my brows
is me money a highlighter
I think mean money is mean money how
long what is mean money
I don't think mean money's a highlighter
guys is it is it a powder I don't even
know but no it is a highlighter no it's
a very very subtle highlighter oh my god
let me see that okay let me just put on
oh yeah it is there's a highlighter she
was chanting shit it is a highlighter
trophy wife was so freaking blinding it
made me question the other ones I keep
blinding myself I'm actually gonna put
hustla baby on my inner corners as well
oh wow you can really see it pop there
there guys I'm shining guys I have a
shimmer stick to try and this one came
in my matchstick trio and it's called
trippin look at it it's like a peachy
it's like a shiny peachy should we try
it might as well let's use this as a
blusher yep that is so pretty how pretty
that is pretty let me just look in my
big mirror again and this one is in
confetti
I might not put this on my face because
it is I'm gonna have to put it on my
face okay where am I gonna put this on
my face
obviously I'm looking away at this look
right now my lips don't suit that but so
you can see this damn shimmy stick we
actually put I'm gonna put this on top
of whatever I already put on my inner
corner this is gonna main in a corner
bra this is beautiful god dammit this is
too pretty yes this is for the inner
corner this is what I'm doing this is
going in my inner corner every damn day
you know why I'm excited to try this
because I have been loving lip gloss all
the licious look at the highlight again
I have literally been loving lip gloss
recently and I feel like Rihanna coming
out with lip gloss is pretty much gonna
get it trending like crazy cuz I'm
pretty tired of like mattes and lip Lacs
and lipstick in general I've really been
into gloss so that's what I'm happy
about gloss balm Fanta glow okay by the
way I just put on a very very like
peachy pink lip liner over my lips well
it smells incredibly tasty this is like
a proper lip gloss mate it doesn't feel
like I'm gonna eat and it's just gonna
bugger off
feels like it's here to stay it's like
she almost created light with this
collection that's it ladies this is the
full look I'm wearing a fancy beauty all
over my face considering my actual skin
is in pretty bad shape right now the
fact that it looks like this with makeup
on top is pretty amazing I look like one
of those people who's really into
skincare but I'm not I'm really not I
just got something looking at it for
God's sake do you quit with the vanity
but literally it's like glistening
butter my face is like a glistening
butter tub you know what guys I feel
like I need to wrap this video up real
quick so I can go take some pictures cuz
that's an opportunity not to be missed
right now this is the end result but
it's actually been on my facebook about
an hour while I've been filming not
gonna lie I think it looks pretty
amazing and I'm actually
really happy I went out and bought
everything I hope you enjoyed this first
impressions video guys I certainly did
let me know what else you want me to try
and I will see you on my next video till
next time bye damn self a girl could
just catch anything yeah yeah I need
picture Sid wasn't my skin look like
Rena blokes for you
