morning guys is morning me I'm lying
good afternoon it's Sunday I went to you
to ask what picked up me dad
there he is was written about washing
for debating things about diameters of
things let me see the Egyptian goodness
you guys because I didn't touch my face
with it ready back love it
and obviously ask for coffee sugar all
over and then I became like that and
with some costume as usual Israel I've
already had two and these are just like
my lovely Egyptian biscuits
I absolutely die over these again so far
isn't it and then all the wonderful fisk
atop its which they've recently changed
up their branding oh my god enough said
mini table for hannah and of course my
favorite channel flavor ship oh my god
and how fun is it slightly face niqab
thing I'm still going take a picture for
it for me Instagram I love it it's a bit
tattered burger don't worry it will work
and then little Gilligan is for Hannah
and then one for me belly doesn't wanted
it the way I got there by ok and then
some hilarious printed cheap t-shirts
that I will probably post on Instagram
to him but my whole life is look I keep
always planning to take a fancy picture
for Instagram but it never actually
turns out right this one day-one
mazzani's itching him through remembers
which I did with half an age ago called
uncle Hasan I really want to do one
called
granddad Khalid or get defeated but Baba
will let me what would you wanna be the
video is me to see what's going on with
your channel Oh finally got a puppet
arse there and baquette also match its
the more few rich as well if anyone's
interested we just like to tell us
before we go to sleep obviously I know a
few days ago me as is chillin a walk
wanted do not want this is looking
really shiny by the way okay you
definitely can't tell in this light but
I bleached my eyebrows morning just like
literally probably one maybe two shades
lighter just so that they can go with
the peak age of new hair amazing news
Sid's growing his beard tomorrow I am
going to Cardiff plus I bought tickets
for friends festival
ages ago and I bought them for Cardiff
and about four tickets
thinking I'd have people to go with and
I just remembered it like two days ago
so I was like I want to go to that so
tomorrow mid college drop my guard off
and good fan fest no more what Hanna
yeah yeah Phyllida Selina pickers enemy
in an IRA please shoot shoot
did you I love every three time I
thought was not I'm lying when I say
moaning because it's really about 12
o'clock images I'm like a Kia plant lay
oh she's like my top I just got in from
Uniqlo we as in me and my Bennie on the
way to cut out this so how the service
society I live at but he doesn't want me
to film him so I'm not feeling him for
there his guys look at it bigger iPhone
chalk or bagel with tea smoked salmon
it's black how exciting I think you
taste just like a regular one room it's
made the card a food you serve me bro
hello she bought when you get on you can
play it as well properly but he worked
on camera I thought well I know have
some gosh I on sudden it's gone on there
Ronnie Pickering giving me oh alko LOL
Donny
these cats we don't know who they are
but then we come over I'm going to drag
these two to Francis but I haven't has
to go n equal to work the outside area
now you can get essential quick coffee
NYPD police car over there I've got a
taxi down there and then the sektor is
until 7:30 that's where we actually goes
to figure set which is the exciting bit
really so will the dome around and see
if it can possibly accept of Medicare
today going
this many cafes for my neighborhood
salute leather mean you sister city to
go back dying he doesn't want anything
wasting more time with a fight for me
there was just enough of them taking
pictures with backed off we're going to
get in here and try and get dispersed
let Ricky order piece of hello thing
being what is just remember thing being
a Roger Roger I get brought the cookies
I'm cool oh come on come on let's get
catch them we baby do you think it weak
lady sister sit back the back Tyson
favorite old school cars are space
animals and came down I'm going to cue
up to do clear that Christmas over there
and thing is Yusuf refusing to pointy so
a stupid sound
you forget that I'm doing what about the
class she looks beautiful
so I thought isn't for 7:30 but
listening you support we like we still
got an hour and 10 minutes to wait
that's all we like really excited to
walk out and walk through the lovely
park and then we probably not going to
come back our users by the way we're
going to all-comers can be that one
afternoon by it is Tuesday afternoon and
I am on my way to film studio to film
something with bb-bb-bb-bb-bb-bb-bb
disease with CBC I'm going to meet this
girl basically who's a genius in every
12 and she showed me her app and I'm
going to give her advice on how to kind
of promote opposition media basically so
a phone vlog when I can and then go home
when I planted by that time since we'd
be nursing begun hi guys would be
filming for a bit and behind me is
Jeanne and she's made an app and with
ups who got me to help her as she's
doing it she's got me to help her why
won't you probably I'll give the tips or
house like get on the eye and get yeah
so I'll leave the links in description
but that's called special with two L's
and what is it all about
it basically encourages people to go out
there and be spontaneous although they
might have allergy that they might not
think it's safe but we're trying to make
it safe trying to encourage people with
things like an allergy or a disability
to get out and about more let them know
about things like race so that they
don't feel better yes good to know
the safe places that you could go and
100% relax right I leave the link fold
the app in the description and the
social media accounts and so you guys
can check out it's launching very soon
and she made it shouldn't L be
brainstorming as well I've given her
loves idea so if this app really sets
off and it gets huge just remember it's
all because of you yeah what is it
when's the morning and I just finished
editing a video and now I'm going to the
salon I'm going to get me lashes perm
get me nails on I'm going to get my feet
done I just sprayed Shay and blue
perfume on me which is a unisex smell
and is what Oh update update update
shelving we're all update so I move the
couch after this corner of the room with
the shelving this box I need to empty
because it's all our books are going to
go on the shelves and then I'm going to
put some flowers on the top of the
shelves to reach the height of the
ceiling that mirror is going to go
because doesn't go and then also update
with what TV unit that's it so that
chair over there was here originally why
put the cow chair there and I'm going to
get another cow chair maybe in brown and
cream and have it here
I don't know what was going on but they
were like rushed off the feet there's
only like three of them there and there
were all new people ones that didn't do
things how I normally get them done and
how to fight I wanted like a manicure
and a pedicure and I wanted the purple
ones where they scrub your hands and
that your fevers in your cuticles they
like they sought you out but they didn't
do that they she was just literally just
like quick she did you just did a paint
job and I was just like okay and then
they charged me for like the classic
ones and I was like no that was a basic
pedicure on a basic molecule my teeth
look horrific
so anyway bit annoyed about that but I
let them off because it's the first time
that happened so then I went on treat
well app and I pledge to put myself into
another Cylon sleep at home tomorrow so
trophy will deposit oh my god Dena
kicking the roar
oh that is Bennett the hon oh haha
butterman in Hana cool boom
Hana Kimi now yeah I kind of number
symbol oh yeah Anna over here is going
off Oh compromise is like really
conversing with us and it sounded like
that basically yes say kick a freestyle
alright I go on that do that kill a line
you told me the like five minutes ago
that was a killer line go on a sub
aluminum a hillock in the shoe gnarly
we're getting a dry cave get a nice to
dinner or Belarus and we're fast food
jokes well at all why do I get that oh
no Jesus
gentlemen got my mustache works by the
way I'm gonna hold your hand everywhere
ohana we should make one of those
pictures take me to the garden oh that
kid dude walking stick
okay wait what's your head it gives you
stick yeah give you walking stick yes he
left it here the paperweight day today
Thursday morning we all woke up really
late hammer even score upon my classmate
what and basically last night Chaplin is
actually wounded he was actually really
weird and then we realized that he has
got cut quite a deep gash on the tail
and I'm eight o'clock at night yes dated
has taken to the vet emergency one and
they were pretty and he ended up
staying there the night so I'm just
watching what I'm trying to do sir
but then opposite took him to the vet he
also had to go to the office and clear
it out all by himself because I will
move with our move-out date is on Monday
which is in three days but we got caught
up this weekend so we have no one time
to do it it didn't get into like 5:00
a.m. est or something ridiculous and
right now he's going to be the chaplain
so this morning's will have I've been
doing morning I've been getting a bit of
work done rushing around kind of trying
to figure out stuff his brother's mehndi
is tomorrow so the plan is to bring
Hanna home get her ready for bed and all
that stuff and then literally drive down
so she just sleeps the whole journey in
the cart and then I just put her in the
bed in Cardiff blah blah blah anyway
have you guys seen this hashtag going
around sick Rihanna
because apparently Rihanna's put on a
bit of weight everyone's talking about
it and then most people flipping love it
and to be honest with you made me feel
confident to have four slices of Turkish
morning's rather than not going now to
get another pedicure from another salon
I think I'm just gonna walk there cuz
because I haven't got carcass digital
help and they say I'll see you with me
brand new feet I went for blue I don't
want flavor that is kebab flavour crisps
that my dad got from Egypt in a minute I
am gonna go to Clarks to get on some
shoes they're going to come back pack
all stuff already to good copy these are
the shoes I ended up getting her my guys
from it
I got them in two sizes Cabrales you
don't know what's gonna fit let's just
hope that they're comfy enough for her
if not it's going to be Nikes and the
Langer bro we've just packed up the car
it's nine o'clock at night taking us
about three hours to get stuff together
without the mills in the back right now
hello yes sweetie yep
there's pop as well so here's our gang
to card in yes sweetie challenge like
this when the scarf looks like a little
the church looks like a little diner
here like that what is that like you
ready to go to sleep yeah Hannah yeah
yes you're gonna go sleep Hannah Pat's I
sit down wait how am I gonna sleep
I gotta leave no no yes darling you are
Hannah anyway I'm gonna drive for the
first half hour Nana lemon yes sweetie
what we shown here the rain Hannah and
human training ladies wails all right
guys it is Friday morning and wedding
event part one is happening in a few
hours so basically we spend the day
pretty much getting ready and I'll film
a little bit of me getting ready as well
because I know you guys like to see that
I've already had a coffee and toast to
sauce morning so I'm going to start with
brushing my teeth and I'm currently
using Colgate max white toothpaste with
this Colgate tooth brush by the way that
has a little section under thing is to
put the whitening pen that comes with it
it pops out like that or you go in a
minute I hate it when I haven't brushed
my teeth and I've got a full face of
makeup on so like literally brushing my
teeth and perform a major part of my
beauty slash makeup regime and then all
I do guys is it you to pop out the tip
Oh independent button and it is
literally interesting to you to turn it
literally just rub it on your teeth you
don't need to rinse after that or
anything is the easiest thing to use
ever done okay now I'm going upstairs
and do anything this is the amount of
makeup of boat with me guys
plus my god
today he's a sneaky peeky of the outfit
get in there with the face guys hands /
bangles on the floor I'm half price got
my bangles oh hell is ready
how cute is a little outfit that's a bit
long so I had to like hitch it up other
side don't use a lovely Hana by the way
tonight is my finished makeup look I'm
wearing my clothes I haven't got my
jacket on top of a layer here is when I
was going to wear false lashes I could
love it but it's going to hold up the
campus actually all my outfit it's from
banheiro booty okay yeah this one see my
angles the bangle you begley up close
like my bag I thought I'd bring a bit of
use into the outfit is Amanda after work
anyway look here hey guys I'm going to
film first off desi but haven't had a
chance yet
Panama's an exam really bit overwhelming
you've got a cupcake nice
for a bit I don't like sand and cream
already the common
again
Oh
of a pear no blood never been on my team
hey morning guys is Saturday morning
Hannah woke up at 10 a.m. this morning
because she went to bed like midnight so
she's a little bit hungover from
yesterday's pie we all are actually me
and Bob are going to go to supermarket I
need to get two dollars so they've got
to bring something I'd like to make
songs that everything guys ended up
getting a hoodie and striker charges to
CJ's then picks up Hannah bunch of stuff
mainly from the voice section this I
went to Sid found in house and realize
that no gills there and they're not
going to be there's another hour or
something so we decided to go to the
after National Center for externally mmm
pull them away
