I don't have all my jewelry on guys
being a new mom means taking off if not
all your jewelry babies don't like
jewelry on their skin
anyway when to put on makeup I pretty
much managed a little bit of mascara and
filling in my brows slightly and that's
about it before I was like nah
today is Tuesday the what I don't know
but what I do know is it's been exactly
four weeks since baby has been born so
masha'allahu delay by the way I've been
getting loads of comments of people
saying what the hell does it mean when
Dina says Marsha Linehan delay which
only tells me that there's an influx of
new people watching my videos who
potentially are not Muslim or maybe
don't speak Arabic are not familiar with
these phrases basically mashallah just
means like the work of God like you're
kind of like praising the work so
basically like if I may if I see
something nice I say masha'Allah kind of
like to like not jinx it I didn't even
know bro and having the latest means
thank God pretty much so anyway today's
video is my labor and delivery story the
other day right I was driving and I just
had a flashback to the labor and
delivery and then I thought oh my god I
don't actually remember things as
clearly as I did a week after so I
better film this ASAP
before I fully forget because the thing
that happens with women when they give
birth is they do tend to forget what it
was like months after or years after and
that's half the time the reason we get
pregnant again because we forget how
bloody horrific it was to give birth and
how bloody horrific the newborn days are
we forget how hard is and that's why we
get pregnant again so anyway that's that
out the way right I'm just gonna jump
straight into it cuz probably gonna take
me forever and I still need to cook some
food today okay by the way before I get
into the video can I just remind you
guys that there is really not long left
until my book modestly is out it's gonna
be out September the 20th in shuttler
but it's available now for pre-order on
Amazon with the link in the description
also if you guys haven't already seen
but I am featured
there's the book I am featured in
September issue of Vogue okay and it's
very exciting because back gann is on
the front and but also and it's an
exclusive look at what is in the book
yeah I think make sure you check it out
I hope I didn't wake the baby up and uh
squeal anyway right
rewind to four weeks ago if you guys
remember my due date was the 10th of
July you already know I gave birth on
the 11th of July so baby's birthday is
the 11th of July and we missed the due
date actually by one hour so he was born
on the 11th of July at 122 a.m. so if it
was at like 12:00 it would have been the
10th of July I would have got my due
date how mad and how close is that I
just I think that's amazing it was a
very very hot hot week and it was a very
hot night in particular what we've been
doing that week is sleeping downstairs
in the living room because it's the
coolest kind of place in the house for
some reason upstairs is really humid
here but this night in particular I
decided to sleep in Hannah's room with
Hannah because she was she was just
extra whiny that night it's like she
knew it was her last night for full
attention or something but she was extra
whiny that night and she wanted me with
her so I stayed with her in her room
plus her room is slightly cooler so we
had the windows wide open I just stepped
on the floor and she's got like a floor
bed anyway so basically just meant I was
sleeping next to her and I remember
waking up at like 5:00 a.m. that day
well it was like hard for even and I was
just browsing my phone laying there
thinking why am i wide awake man I could
be sleeping like Hannah's asleep and I'm
wide awake for no reason but I remember
thinking oh I've got really mild period
like pains and then I thought to myself
oh this could be the beginning the
beginning of the labor they're very very
early stages because till up until then
I haven't really got like any period
like pains and I can really tell the
difference between those period pains
and braxton-hicks contractions because
the braxton-hicks was just like your
stomach just gets really tight but my
stomach would just get really tight but
i never felt like the period pains so
anyway i just thought to myself let me
time them out of interest let's see if
this
consistent and they were very very mild
but they were every 15 to 20 minutes
since 5:00 a.m. and I was just thinking
oh these are literally happening every
20 minutes then it got to 7 a.m. 8 a.m.
9 a.m. 10 a.m. and they were still
happening every 20 minutes so I was like
a case been hours now and they're still
happening they haven't got stronger but
they're happening so I just thought in
my head today is the last day not being
pregnant I can feel the baby is coming
today and I said to said it was just a
regular work day so Hannah went to
nursery and all that and I said to Sid
oh I reckon I reckon that's gonna be
today we were in and out of the garage
cuz he's moved his office in the garage
and I remember I was walking around the
house naked because it was so hot and I
was so pregnant and I was just done with
life I wasn't really getting any work
done I was just pacing the house at that
point just thinking my head I know it's
gonna be today and I was just thinking
I'll just wait it out until these
contractions start like making a
significant difference yeah it was a
pretty much a chill day getting through
the heat walking around the house naked
and I thought to myself as well oh I'm
gonna eat everything I want in the
kitchen today because if this labor
takes forever and knowing my luck it
will be late at night where I haven't
slept and I already haven't slept the
night before because remember I woke up
at like 4 or 5 a.m. then I'm gonna eat
loads of food because I know I'm gonna
eat need that energy late that energy
later and I was bloody right I tell ya
so anyway gradually the day just carried
on and Hassen my brother was popping in
and out because he does that now and I
remember we got a knock on the door and
it was hasser and I was in the garage
pretty much naked because of so far and
Sid let Hassan in and then he remembered
oh oh no no no hold on a minute hang on
a minute
Deena Deena Deena Hudson's he and I was
like oh hazard Doug Doug don't walk any
further into the house he was out what
whoa whoa calm down Rob so anyway how
could you put on clothes children have
some for a bit my prime husband got here
I remember I he was just chilling out
basically whenever hassen comes over he
just comes over to eat food he just
comes over to eat our food and like lay
on the sofa while he's on break
work or something like that so he was
doing all that and annoying me and I was
like yo I'm in labor here Hatton and
you're just like lounging about making a
mess in the house like seriously but I
was just saying it as a joke because I
didn't actually I wasn't actually a
hundred percent sure that was a labor
right so I was just like I'm joking with
him and he was like all your neighbors
okay bro
so anyway anyway then I had somewhere
and I think he popped it a few times
because he's like least like and then I
think it was around four five and I was
saying to see it said can you remember
any of this
am I am i recalling it correctly so
anyway I think around 435 I was saying
to say do you got to go pick up hammer
soon and then that was also and I said
to him by the way I'm definitely giving
birth at some point today because the
contractions are still at 15 minutes
apart but they're definitely stronger
but they weren't unbearable it was
literally like having a bad period pain
coming every 15 minutes so I was not in
pain at all but I was just like
something's gonna happen so I said to
him you need to pick up Hannah and we
need to think about whether or not I'm
going to tell mama to come down after
work or what because someone's gonna
have a right I think around 6 o'clock my
mum had a horse riding lesson that night
at 6 o'clock next to our house so I said
to her mama I think you should come over
after horse riding she was like ok then
so mom was chilling here with us half
sticks Hannah was back from nursery we
were all playing messing about and I was
like either definitely get stronger and
by the time 8 o'clock came around I was
like ok they're really they're quite
strong now like I think if I recall like
I was thinking back to when I was
pregnant with Hannah and the labor I had
there and I was like oh it feels like
about the same pain that I had when I
was in the hospital and they told me to
stay in the hospital so I thought to
myself ok because I've got that same
level of pain let me get myself to the
hospital at 8 o'clock so my plan was to
deliver in the Midwife fledge unit not
in actual hospital so they do things a
bit differently there basically so
anyway 8 o'clock means it got our stuff
stuck in the bag and wet we went to I
think we actually put Hannah to bed
no we didn't put her to bed we burn to
bed when we came back okay so eight
o'clock we went to the Midwife fledge
unit and I was like I'm getting
contractions blah blah blah they were
they were like okay she'll come in you
know we'll check new things like that so
I went in but they weren't like they
looked in their faces like this isn't it
darling and I was thinking you know like
I'm definitely like in labor and they
were like okay we'll check you blah blah
but with the Midwife alleged unit they
don't like checking you unless it's
super super necessary but I was kind of
like in pain a little bit more I was
quite discomforted by that point I was
like oh oh I called on them and I can
feel a contraction I'm in it and they're
like yeah it's only kind of like if you
can't talk when you get a contraction
and you're literally like Oh
bent over in pain and I was like in my
head I was like what this is painful
this is definitely painful but I was I
could still chat and I could still walk
so the Midwife said okay seeing as you
are in pain let me just check you then
so she like got her lovely fingers did
the business and she was like darling
you're not even one centimeter dilated
go home and wait it out I was like what
I'm not even 1 centimeter that's mad how
depressing this could take forever she
was like you could literally be having
these pace it could take a few days like
they might even stop they could take a
few days I was like wow here's me
thinking I'm so given birth tonight but
then I went home and momma was still
here obviously and then as it did with
Hannah's labor things progressed very
very quickly after that we'll get home
9:00 p.m. and Hannah's gone to bed and
then pretty much as soon as I get home I
think I was I was pacing around the
house because I was just anxious by that
point and then I kept going to the
toilet yes yes the the the pressure to
go to the toilet was very very very
immense by then so I'd go to Twitter all
the time but my waters haven't broken
yet and then eventually I think around
half 10 half 10 11 ish maybe I'd gone to
the toilet again obviously and my water
broke but it wasn't like the big like in
movies which did
happen with Hana either with Hana it was
just like in the toilet like oh that
wasn't anything else that was definitely
my water so the same thing happened this
time in the toy a little bit of water I
was like oh my water's broken so that's
a good sign because the contractions
obviously they were getting stronger and
they were getting stronger but not
actually that that much closer together
they were just getting stronger and
longer but they were still bearable at
that point so I was still eating and
walking around and chatting to my mom
but then when I'd get the contraction
that'd be like oh you know um so my
water broke and then after my water
broke
it just it went from zero to 100 real
quick well not real quick but basically
for the next hour and a half so from
about half 10 til 12 suddenly I was
pacing around and my mom was timing them
and I was like bent over on that kitchen
counter like oh really like struggling
through the contractions and trying to
wait it out for as long as possible so
that I don't go to the hostel and get
sent home again because that's just
annoying phoned the hostel like the
midwives and I said my wall is broken
they are a lot stronger now and they're
painful and also when I was on the phone
to the Midwife I got a contraction so
she could hear me and she was like it's
okay get three contraction before you
just start trying to talk to me I was
like okay when I called the midwives I
told them my water broke they were like
that was about 11:00 maybe Court past
11:00 they were like well you need to
come to the to the unit anyway because
if your waters are broken we're gonna
have to check you I was like okay but is
it likely that I'm gonna stay and give
birth or are you gonna send me home they
were like we'll check you if you're not
four centimeters then you will have to
go home so in my so I said to her okay
fine I'm coming but in my head I was
like I'm gonna try and wait - out at
home as long as possible so I do not get
sent home because my big big worry was
that I get sent home and knowing me and
how I gave birth last time things going
0 to 100 real quick
my worst nightmare was getting to that
phase of needing to push in the car I
was like I really don't want that happen
so I was like I'm gonna wait out at home
as long as possible go to the hospital
and
stay there I think we means they'd
waited till midnight and I was just
having the contractions here and I was
Oh at that point we sent seed up oh I
think we said sit up to sleep around
10:30 11:00 with Hannah because I said
me mama said to him listen it's
definitely happening tonight you're
gonna need some sleep go up and sleep
mate because obviously I couldn't sleep
I'm going through the motions so I was
like go up and sleep
I think he'd gone up to sleep for about
half an hour before he we probably
called him down again and then I said to
him yo we need to get to us so let's get
tossed them and that was about midnight
and when I got in the car so basically
before we got in the car they were
unbearable the contractions were
unbearable I was like there's no way
they can get worse than this no chance
but I wasn't getting the push and
feeling so obviously they could get with
anyway then we got in the car and
basically with the car so when we were
in the house I was compressing my
yelling and screaming I was compressing
the pain so that I don't wake her up and
obviously you don't wanna be screaming
in your house it's a bit embarrassing
I mean I found it a bit embarrassing
both of the neighbors like I don't know
most people would be more comfortable at
home but I just wanted to get to the
hospital to do all the crazy cuz
you know why cuz I really wanted the gas
in there because I remember with Hannah
that gas in here oh that got me through
man I was high as a kite and if I don't
get high when I'm giving birth I can't
give it you know I mean so anyway um in
the car
I just remember it being the worst pain
on the planet it was bloody awful and I
think I had the window wide open cuz I
was like I can't deal with it and I had
the window wide open and we'll going
fast on the motor when I was was I was
like just screaming sit on the motorway
on the way to the hospital I was just
screaming as it was going it's okay it's
okay and I was and he was rushing to get
also and I was like I said I can't I
can't and you know when you I mean if
you guys have been pregnant for weather
you know it's very very painful when
you're going through labor to sit on
your back it's actually not the best
idea to give birth on your back either
when I gave birth to Hannah
it was actually on my back with my legs
in like
there are things I think if I remember
correctly but I remember it was
definitely on my back and I just
remember thinking this is so painful
because I can't actually sit down
it hurts when I sit like I need to stand
up something but they had me like that
because they gave me an episiotomy and
all that but for this one in the car
sitting down and I I couldn't sit down
so I had my I was leaving my back on the
car like that so that my bum was lifted
so that there was no pressure
on my actual bum and my back so anyways
I was screaming every contraction I was
like this has to be it said like this
house there's no - I don't remember
feeling this pain with Hannah without
having the gas in it and I'm doing it
now without gas in there so like I need
that gas in I drove it so anyway get to
the hospital I'm walking from the car
into the hustle I keep like Keeling over
and being like oh I can't walk anymore I
can't oh god it's so painful I read
remember every moment and I swear to God
I remember in the car saying to said I'm
gonna need to push any minute said I can
feel it I'm gonna need to push me and he
was panicking because he was like don't
have the baby in the car do you know
please
so anyway get to the hospital get in in
the actual right place finally thank God
this hostel is dead quiet there's no one
there I haven't in there any way to get
to the hostel and they're like come on
they open the door for me cuz like with
the buzzer and they're like come on Dina
just just get in and we can check you
and I was having a contraction girl I
can walk I can't walk through like just
a few steps let's get you in the room
and I was like what do I do
so I take what your house is laughter
like that would be handy was never
charged off I get on the bed she checks
me and she's like you're five
centimeters honey I was like oh I have
to go home yes and then she was like
John casanare and I was like yes
hell yeah give me gas in there so at
this point I'm lying on my back in the
t-shirt that I was already wearing and
of course me with the gas and air if you
watched my last labor and delivery video
apparently I'm quite funny with gas in
there and I just constantly crack jokes
and say mad things and get very very
conversational so I was doing all that
I'm saying she's just like dying of
laughter as usual and then this time
this is a midwife led unit they they
like to encourage things naturally and
they don't like to intrude very much
obviously unless it's knee
to transfer also but they like to like
let things progress naturally and that's
what they did so anyway when she saw me
on my back and I was saying to her this
is so painful she was like get up off
your back girl get on all fours you're
in like the worst position I was like
what no no no I don't do these things I
don't know how to do these you know when
you see these like birth stuff like
women on all fours and they're just like
pushing the baby I was like I can't do
these things get me drugs and lie me
down and just get it out you know a bit
like with how no right but anyway
eventually I did I turned around on all
fours but I let my arms up on the head
rest of the bed and when that happened I
was like wow this is so much more
comfortable it just felt all of a sudden
like it just felt right and it felt
really really natural to the point where
like I got in that position and after
like two contractions so the Midwife was
still like okay we're still early days
right but after two contractions I was
saying to her I need to push like I saw
I'm screaming in into the gas and air
think I need to push she lifted me like
surprised then she just went do whatever
feels right if you feel like to need to
push them push but because I'm really
like um like I don't like people going
like even if it's doctors and midwives I
don't like them seeing me naked I don't
like people
intruding so I was saying to her don't
look down there don't look she was like
Dina if you're gonna push I'm gonna need
to look I was like okay fine I need to
push so look so she was looking and and
then obviously she could see that yes I
did need to push so then she was kind of
just going okay push do it and from that
point on so remember we went to the
hostel at 12 and I gave birth at one one
one one 12 minutes past 1:00 a.m. so it
took about an hour to push him out but I
remember just before starting the
pushing I said to her I'm really worried
about this Ring of Fire thing that
people keep talking about because
although I had a vaginal birth with
Hannah I didn't feel that ring of fire
because she gave me an episiotomy which
meant she numbed that area before they
cut it and then Hannah came out so I
didn't feel the ring the ring sting
thing and then peeler so I was really
worried about feeling that this time
with him because well
like I wasn't gonna need an episiotomy
because I'd already given birth it just
I just didn't need one so I was that's
the bit I was scared about because I
hadn't experienced that everything else
I wasn't too scared about I was just
like I was just going through the pain
thinking this is way worse than before
this pain but obviously it wasn't those
thing but anyway she goes to me then on
like the the fourth push or maybe the
fifth pushing attempt she goes to Medina
you know that ring a fire that you're
worried about you're gonna feel that on
the next push I was like what already
okay fine and then by that point I was
just like this is great because that
means he's coming soon and this will end
so although I was worried about the pain
I knew when I feel that pain the extra
ring of fire pain it will be a good pain
because it's like a positive one cuz
it's like it's the end you know so
anyway then I do the push and I do start
feeling the Ring of Fire but it's not
what I expect it's more like I don't
know how to explain it but it's like to
be honest with you I did this with
Hannah as well I said the same thing
it's like having the worst constipation
ever finally getting to poo and just
thinking this poo is never ever ever
gonna come out of my little bum hole
it's just impossible but then it finally
does I was pushing and pushing and I
remember every time I push I'd like
really get low and the Midwife at one
point was like move your leg out from
under your butt out the way to give him
space cuz his head was coming out she
was like he needs space to actually get
out DNA because I was pretty much
squatting like on the bed so um I just
remembered that that pushing sensation
and wanting to push but then the rings
of fire thing wasn't it wasn't even what
I thought it wasn't even it wasn't even
stinky it was more like just stretch she
was like a stretchy tingling it's like a
stretchy tingling sensation yeah anyway
then I could feel his head come out and
they were like oh wow you got looser
there and I was like yeah it's dad's
asian weight and I could feel his hair
to come halfway out and then suddenly
things went quiet for me anyway I was
like oh there's no contractions what am
i doing I'm just waiting here with half
a head sticking out and then I started
panicking cuz I was like half his head
sticking out that must hurt and how's he
gonna breathe and all that stuff they're
like just calm down wait till the next
contraction then push in fact it seemed
like forever for me but I mean
probably was probably just like 30
seconds or something I don't even know
well eventually I felt the next
contraction and I did the push and his
head came out and then I could feel his
hand out and I'm just like around his
neck Oh Sonic this is too graphic for
all you and people who didn't like nor
eNOS and so anyway and then I was like
okay so this doesn't hurt right now the
bit where he's just wedged in between in
between the world and the womb but then
I did the next push and then finally I
could feel the shoulders come out this
guy's got broad shoulders tell you could
feel the shoulders come out which was
more awkward feeling than the head
actually and then and then he did the
flu thing where he flew out eventually
and that it just took me an hour
basically to push him out and he was out
and then I turned around and I sat down
and I was like oh and said the first
thing guys my first reaction I think was
like Oh sweetie pops because I saw him
all blood all over him oh my god he came
out with so much blood on him no he
didn't did he come out with blood was I
Hannah no he did he came out with loads
of blood on him yes he did but I didn't
lose that much blood she said you only
lost 50 mil blood the center came out
she showed it to me and I was like
that's gross by the way shout out to my
midwife her name was Lisa and she was
epic she was she was I initially had one
midwife doing the whole thing and she
was just sick and then she was like you
need a few stitches so she stitched me
up there and then that took like I'm
know ten minutes not even there wasn't
even anything anyway and then they
pretty much left us to it um we were
just chilling with the baby Mia said I
was looking at his face I was like good
you you look really tired sit and anyway
then they left us to it and then I I
pretty much go up straightaway had a
shower it was so different this delivery
was so different to Hannah's like even
how my body felt afterwards was so
different to Hannah's I felt Lucas is
gonna join us not to don't sit on the
book on the Mac
I knew I felt a difference anyway I had
a shower and then I put on my pajamas
think okay I'm going to say master learn
it anyway and then the Midwife came in
and she was like yeah we've got a lovely
room for you coming in today this and
that I was like great and then she was
like if so bear in mind it's like 3 a.m.
now yeah and then she was like oh you
can just go home if you want as I wa go
home
am I just being discharged is that I can
just go home everything's fine oh they
only gave Mika like a little but give
him some some vitamin injections they
gave him whatever they need to do it
anyway in the end we decided to go home
didn't with it so tell them wait no I'm
good I'll finish my version then you can
like add in the bit that you remember
yeah so anyway what I remember next as
we get Mika dressed and we put him in
the car see and we pretty much go home I
like half 3 in the morning and I text my
mom a picture selfie of me said and Mika
going done dealio mate and then I just
set her on the way home and we came in
at 4 a.m. and she was like nabob she was
like it's like you went to the
supermarket and came back with a baby
yeah and Hanna was awake at 4:00 a.m.
she'd woken up and she was down here
with my mom so she met her baby brother
straight away it was really surreal and
it's so mad I half wish I stayed in the
hospital because it would mean I would
have caught up and sleep so like I just
given birth but I came home and had to
pretty much con Panna down and get her
to sleep she didn't sleep too like 6:30
in the morning and then and we just
slept down here in the living room I was
mad so we never got a chance to like
catch up on sleep or anything but the
survival was a lot easier to survive in
terms of like because my cuz my delivery
was easier like it's better than with
Han I suppose and I guess I'm stronger
than I was with her my cuz I'm used to
like picking up a thought alone dealing
with a pram and all that stuff you know
cuz when Hannah was born I remember
thinking my arms are aching carrying a
newborn around obviously
now I'm like he's light as a feather bro
by the way he came out eight point six
pounds Hannah was only seven point two
so I was carrying a way bigger baby as
well handler should we give him a hopper
no that way there's a cat here Oh
basically doesn't happen did it so
that's what happened by the way I know
I'm calling him Meeker now but don't be
surprised if there is a name change
there might be a name change we're not
sure yet but more on that in my next
vlog okay there's details of that in my
next look we're thinking of doing a
double barrel to give ourselves and him
an option I'll just put that out there
oh yes he is very hungry do nothing have
a dummy while you wait love they'll be
sucking on your fingers your nails are
still a bit sharp like all right fingers
I don't know where she got her London
accent from bismillah rahim
all right you tell them the stuff that
you remember in the hospital that's it
all I remember is I don't know what it
is with Dina and gassen a but the Minish
she starts with the gas in a it's the
most hilarious thing ever
she says some borderline outlandish
he just smiled you said what do you
think I don't remember because I was
hair so their house was Italy's head and
who you said something and the Midwife
went off she started with her gibberish
uh-oh I remember you told me this so
basically I was talking to say it uh so
I was I was hi going through
contractions are tensed I was like you
don't let me sleep next to Hannah yeah I
remember do you think Hannah will be
okay do you think she's not that you
think she's still asleep
I think she's all right is she starting
with a gibberish and then I remember
thinking oh
the midwives gonna think Hannah is like
some side chick off SIDS and then Hannah
to draw and that digit around good honey
our daughter yeah I said I didn't I was
like she's our daughter not cheating on
me and then we just look these are them
were like thinking she's gonna think
SIDS like um you know I'm having an
affair or something and I want to join
it that's what it sounded like you know
what it's mad it is really really bad
and I'm gonna sound really cheesy but
it's much how good midwives are oh man
midwives are under way they tell you
that under a to the math so anyway
handle er a very very very positive
birth story and then afterwards the
healing kind of afterwards so basically
there was no sleep which was but
there's no sleep I know but we're kind
of more used to it right but the healing
downstairs was chill I think I had a
pool like five hours later handily so
the stitches were like quite sore but
not like with Hannah when I had Hannah I
couldn't sit down people tell me sit
rest sit down as I can I cut your hair
well I would rather stand up there's two
kids all of a sudden then like your
bigger kid doesn't give you a break like
she doesn't get it oh it's crazy we had
a conversation yesterday we were just
like and it was in the pantry the
conversation like this we were tied in
the pancetta conversation yeah we were
just like he was arrested in the hand of
a saw in the garden no just like and I
just goes to do you guys know I said it
first
no I said it to you and then you were
like I was just about to say that no I
said you you came no I go it's to you do
you know what do you know what makes me
crazy what they both scream at the same
time yeah yeah but before that you came
tonight at the same time so I was stress
eating I was eating a lollipop and some
biscuits in the pantry hiding from
Hannah says she doesn't have it and he
came to hug me and I was just like it
just doesn't stop does it sit it never
seems like yeah but when it when it's
one is both of them at the same time but
they both do the same thing either
crying whining at the same time
even it's literally kill me now kill me
now bro it's so hard oh man it's so hard
and I really never stops by handily all
the sleep but obviously we know it gets
there cuz it did you know it's crazy but
I'm sure I've just I'm realizing how
much a lot of a easy baby Hannah was
easy man
I keep telling him no SID shoes no I
keep saying to him no said you're not
realizing that no she was so even
compared to him she was such my logs bro
was easy compared to him she did he's
about ten octaves louder than her okay
he's louder yeah but it doesn't remember
the colic with Hannah
I remember the colic okay fine colic
with Hannah cuz I was breastfeeding so
he kinda feeds yeah right now he's
feeling it Moses but the movement the
movement man he just moves
oh he's are much much he breaks all over
swaddle every time time is tight it's
like mega tight I can't live because I
feel like all right he's not letting me
move his arms like I can't well I
swaddle him like really tight and he
just five minutes ladies guys arms all
and I'm just like how the heck did you
just do that bro you've Houdini
he's Houdini he's hoody oh my god going
from one child to - wow it's not chillin
when you have a boy and he needs to get
circumcised oh that's just awful I
thought I wouldn't I wouldn't like it
wouldn't be a thing because he's like
every guy I know every Muslim I know or
non-muslim even sometimes I've got have
had have been snipped and it's not a big
deal but it's flippin horrific me it's
only for the parents I don't know it's
crazy yeah
you took I did you Tenenbaum I mean in
the blog I talked about your man he's
bit he's had that I feel like I don't
want to talk about it yeah I hate it
thanks for watching guys I'll see you on
my next video don't know when it will be
probably be a vlog though cuz they're
the easiest to do right now and Micah's
just done a poo no yes
