morning guys we're going on another day
out we've been going out a lot since
we've moved to London and that was the
whole time so yes for that I've been
wanting to go to a lavender field for
ages so there is one fairly close not I
mean it's about an hour-and-a-half Drive
so I mean it's close but it's not like
that close but it's actually quite far
but it's not like a crazy long car
journey it's an hour and a half but when
you have a baby obviously an hour and a
half in the car can be very very long
obvious yes take you pictures in the
lavender field ah this messy hair took
about 20 minutes to do yes let's get you
dressed
100 I forgot one thing
zip it up it's an hour and 28 minutes
away she started doing this thing now
what if I had a car seat where she just
Sun and locks her knees in places I
can't get her is it moving oh okay
everyone see Bob no oh
Oh can I just say something everybody's
in my videos always like why don't you
and your belt I know it's very bad but
I'll let you in on a secret hot time
it's because I literally lean over and
give her boob so she doesn't cry because
she hates car journeys
oh my god it looks so nice doesn't it
raw one-pound bargain guys how beautiful
is this feel Wow guys I still haven't
mastered being on a heart of keeping
your eyes open so many people here
taking pictures for their blog blow it
just got some guys obviously this is
absolutely stunning but I don't think
anybody quite realizes the amount of
bees and wasps there are I'm quite glad
I don't have my ankles out today I mean
I honestly do you know wants me to take
a picture of her she's like oh yeah I'll
just leave you here I need to go further
down look look you're walking for the is
that far enough I don't know is it I
don't know I don't know if you're fine
up Oh much
okay that's fine stay there
this is down there why don't you walk
down them that's it yeah I know yeah
yeah recent opening guys look at that
tree behind me humongous tree behind me
I literally feel like it's the tree from
jungle available on
I mean lion king of haha look at the
queues of food
oh no the sad thing is we actually have
to queue up because we're actually
solving and there's nowhere else to get
food
okay to try to grab whatever you okay
busy eating her feet eyes often in Jesus
name
lavender ice cream oh yeah I'm not going
to feed you you're not my Maker
it's really loving the looks at point
Wow oh wow sorry
literally right like an event macaron oh
my life
good mobility the veteran apart oh you
don't haha I'm is going to have her
lunch guys because of SIDS on camera D D
everyone watching this is absolutely fed
up of lavender because I am
Wow this is not another city you know
that I have immunity
mainly Oh guys what is it we've had a
lovely day out and now we're just going
to walk all the way back there to go
home
anyway we're gonna drive home now it's
going to be hour-and-a-half drive so
it's going be kind of long hopefully
Hannah will just sleep because she
hasn't slept whole time we've been out
so inshallah your skill of doze off and
let me doze off - yeah yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this little dogies really
long you probably but until next time
guys bye bye
