hi guys back with another video and you
guys basically have been commenting a
lot saying can you do video with Sid so
I thought great I'll do my next plans
video with Sid and basically what I
wanted to do is if you remember a few
unboxing videos ago I got a box of like
Korean makeup kind of stuff to try so I
thought I'd pick out some interesting
looking things so I have a bunch over
here to try and rest it on camera it's
always funnier to try products with a
bloke's
we're going to try four different things
today first one is this pig nose clear
blackhead thing then we're going to try
some lip plumping things a peel off lip
tint and then we're going to try blush
paper literally a blusher a paper paper
blusher literally I'm not trying to
music yes you are we're doing all of it
hello so we'll get right into it the
first one said is the pig nose clear
blackhead 3-step kit very not like Sven
instructions in Korean with Camila so
I'm just gonna let me read it look at
the pictures oh my god oh boy you all
yes scream first thing here oh what's
that you put this on your face there's
nothing anyone said so you can't
actually even do it let's zoom into this
event
it's basically absolutely soaking wet
and the picture says to put on your nose
and wait 15 to 20 minutes you look like
moldable and then I look you look
horrible why when you don't know so when
when does all the months do this while
we wait for my notice situation let's do
the lip situation so bitter called a
collagen nourish lips membrane I hate
the word membrane again there's no
instructions really think other than in
Quranic or liquid its idea how this
little um it's like a lit mask oh one
wonderful now I want to try that kind of
thing for ages because you know dynamic
testers lips something stuff you know
don't know why cuz I want to get lit
Phyllis
hmm supposed to do my lip mask thing
fell off I'm not sure where we're
supposed to do but I definitely didn't
Club anyway Sid's got the P last color
which once it's dried will peel off and
see if that works or maybe I'll just try
that as well
hmmmm some beat-up color I'll type 2 and
then I'll take my nose thing off this
it's got a very cherry vibe inactive
cherry cherry makes me want Kelly drop
Jemima carried off oh we should try and
find Tony drop somewhere oh not a nice
consistency gurus ok while we're waiting
for this to dry and then take this off
and do step number two of the piggy
black hit one because it's been about
that long ok next up we have this these
had a good talk now you can talk this
whole time I've been having with us
together because I know I was just
saying that you've got to dry it yo man
this thing is stinging oh really
things are crazy well this piggy nose
thingy I think I've got it right way
around but it just it's like a sticker
but you know we'll see how that goes
long till I take this shit off till it
dry fully does it feel dry lemon tea
forever why not your teeth so your teeth
oh well away let's try the butter paper
this to me is the most interesting thing
that we got and basically it's a brand
called may Couture may Couture literally
blushed paper in Sicily and the back
says paraben free talc free purpose and
cheek color anytime anywhere without the
brush the pigment gives cheeks and
natural flush of color while the shimmer
makes it easy to blend
ok this lips things make is grossing me
out now gay Jewish or instructions tear
one sheet and gently rub colored side of
paper in a semi circular motion up
apples of cheeks for more color repeat
with more pressure ok almost like a
brownie peachy pies with rich sugar in
it so what do I need to try it because
it's funny everyone likes perfumers
oh it's actually working
oh well that's your work huh
oh my god it proper blusher bloody I'll
do it circular motions up like you do
bloody yeah because I'm very advanced
and thinking on open this is actually
working wow guys look at my cheek this
is actually so nice oh my god
funny work that it's so nice I really
like that I'm actually so using this
again the only annoying thing is it is
on my fingers hey I think it's time to
peel off the lip see this quick don't
you like it well God lipstick on see
it's gonna stain your teeth
do you know do you know it's in the
stain
do you know this is stuck with you you
can have an ax laughs I didn't think
about that you made me put on lip stick
to it last few days you having a laugh
no I got lips yo Dina I got fucking
lipstick on the author Dina I got
fucking lipstick on this isn't fun
I can't believe it is a fucking prize
it's a surprise
no I'm not joking now I got fucking I'm
not joking I got it yeah
are you kidding no no no you have to
give me what's going on guys
no no no not in a minute this shit
really works little my leg and it's
literally just like my lips it's there's
no nothing that this is literally the
color this that really works
that's actually I would do that that is
gonna laugh do you know I got bloody
lipstick on
I advise that you take care of your
piece take it off your teeth said after
important things it's not funny
I also did not I'm many years before
however not funny at all
the only thing is the same stays on your
fingers which isn't great your I can't
go out I can't go where we gotta go for
the next few days
many places know why not your tongue
stick your tongue out why are you
talking about look I give you the lolly
I use it and the blush paper again but
let's just finish off with the piggy
think oh my god I got lipstick on I'm
going to take this off now it's been
about 10 minutes no Rick you know like
step number three so far my blackheads
are still there oh this is like papa
jelly this is step 3 of the piggy mask a
very very other wet piece of nose and
I'm not sure how long I have to keep
this on the list well I think the piggy
mask is a bit a bit of a fail not gonna
lie oh this is really annoying me guys
thanks that's the end of the video I
think I accidentally practice it without
actually realizing it sorry about that
Syd I'm going to take this off now
because it's been a few minutes my nose
is still soaking wet have I used this
properly I don't even know
oh I don't think I have all those two
layers was it just broken broken one
it's just broken I don't understand what
this pinky mask is I'd rather squeeze my
blackheads that windows to be fair 20
minutes to try and get blackheads I
didn't even do anything if you just
squeeze them out glass becomes that now
mate out of everything we try and 100%
keeping this make at all blush paper
because that is good and I probably will
use this romantic ver long-lasting pilaf
lip color again because that stain is
blood one great the rest
bit shit you're not going to lie not
going to use those again thank you guys
for watching this video and I'll see you
on the next no thanks to do the Tokyo
for pranking me thanking me for view
till next time keep it covered
her words of unity
