hi guys I'm back with another video
today's video is going to be a sit-down
I put in my package and show you what I
got without further ado let us begin
I'll just start with item numero uno
ready let's go it's the snakeskin print
what I like about it it is very 70s vibe
so that's got Flair sleeves which is so
in right now and it's got like roughly
collar but I'm asking about fun though
but what I also and off is that the
collar has ties can you think let me
show you the sleeves helpless slight
flare and the top in general is quite a
sled which i think is very very
flattering for people of my figure why
draw on the hip area important vital
piece of information
it's reclaimed vintage so it's vintage
and they like upcycle there basically I
can't on both sides but I'm pretty sure
we've got it in a medium as you doesn't
say in here but okay then I went and got
this baby pink shirt a soft white I love
me a soft white it's almost like cos but
sometimes does slightly better than
cause if you ask me that nice oversize
feel the sleeves are very very wide and
the sides are split actually which is a
bit annoying as it means I gotta wear a
vest or something underneath can be
quite annoying when you have to lay it
if it's bloody boiling yeah yeah it was
white and I got that in a size 10 if
anything I could have got a size 8 so a
soft white sizes are quite spacious
let's just say that by the way guys I
will leave the links for all of these
products down below so you can just
click and shop this is all very very
very recent so everything should still
be available ok then I went ahead and
got the funnest thing on the planet
I have something similar to this a few
years ago but it made me get rid of it
coz he hated it it's a massive oversized
baby pink hoodie with a blue sleeve and
then a greatly but the best thing of all
is that door spring which is totally a
thing going on in a tote right now I
love the color blockage and by the way
fYI I got it in a size 18 Oh next up we
have some funky trousers I really did a
massive clear-out in my wardrobe and I
was like you know what I'm missing some
really fun prints so I went ahead and
got these Birds brownie orangie kind of
trouser
Chino style
I just love this kind of print I don't
actually know what it's called there's a
brand called pieces and it's in the five
medium very comfortable elasticated back
but not elasticated at the front keeping
in with the prints I bought this shirt
it's velar I asked you to shop from them
a lot from Hausa Frasier when I used to
actually go into shops and shop we let
is great they do have great clothes and
they come up with great shirts and great
prints and I picked this one up which is
massively oversized can I say because
this is a size small very flattering I
think and I absolutely love the print
I'm actually planning on wearing this
with denim strap blazer which is a
lovely oversized pinstripe blazer and
it's a soft white size 10 I love jackets
like this these kind of blends are
timeless they will be in my wardrobe for
many many years and there are numerous
ways I can wear this in fact I was
thinking about doing a signing video
with this kind of blazer maybe just
something short and simple like one
blazer three ways kind of thing let me
know if you want to see that you know I
really like about this guys it's black
but it's also got Navy stripes in it
most of the time I'm not a massive fan
of Navy and black unless it incorporates
together in something like this they're
like there's Navy and black but what
they've done is they've set the gray or
/ off-white to piece them together you
know what I mean it feels complete this
is a sauce white so I said I absolutely
love it I think is the most expensive
thing I've picked up and it was 90
pounds it's probably going to go into
the sale soon because they do that a lot
wood it's also white pieces that don't
sell a lot but I think this will sell
actually so well I will do now I won't
it it'll cost me okay next up I actually
picked up two things literally for
layering whenever I make layering things
I make them out of mesh or like chiffon
I picked this up and this is a mesh
long-sleeved dress with splits on the
side which is perfect these two are
actually monkey and I got these in a
size small the one thing that is a bit
annoying the top half is lines on the
black top which can't be quite handy but
I probably cut that out and leave it as
an option because maybe I maybe
sometimes I want to layer with white
underneath depending on your full outfit
but I got that one and then I got this
fun print a bit if that's camo will
slime I don't know
I've actually got this one a bit big I
got this much this one in a medium
because I just thought I'd try out
sizing but they both fit fine so light
blue denim jeans underneath and then put
a white top underneath and then maybe
throw over a jacket roll the sleeves up
or the jacket have the greeny
please peeking out to you next up I
haven't bought anything that's like this
mint kind of green in ages and when I
saw out and it's a less and it's a size
large yeah I know I'm going to call it a
sick t-shirt even those advertised as a
sweater because to me it feels more
teacher to you because sweaters to me
have a little bit more body to them so
it's a sick t-shirt which is perfect for
summer because it means it has to wear
anything underneath and I bought it in a
size large because then it is huge and
the sleeves come a bit longer I was
planning on wearing this and you can see
look at a left very subtly there it's
longer at the back than it is at the
front which I love I bought this with
the intention of wearing it with black
and white printed trousers that I'm
going to show you in a minute but
unfortunately the trousers that I bought
are too small
I love mint green with black and white I
think it's flippin wonderful black and
white and bed accents of gold oh girl
you got me you probably see that on my
blog so you know maybe on my Instagram
size large okay something that isn't
clothing it's a makeup bag and this
again is a monkey says vacay stuff so
when you go in on vacation you put your
vacay stuff in there I just thought that
was really nice and it was only six
pounds but also look at the size of it
it literally looks like a school folder
okay and then again monkey I bought
these fun as hell earrings they're like
a multicolored glass of print I love
splatter print right now if you guys see
my gold trainers I even have a splatter
print blazer but I've had for years and
I'm planning on wearing it's very soon
because it seems to be back in right now
okay and then we have something really
fun and this is this red gingham print
shirt this is a brand called Daisy
Street and I picked this up in size
medium it's a wonderful wonderful shirt
covers my butt but isn't too oversized
it fits nicely perfect kind of summer
shirt to throw on with nice fitted
boyfriend jeans or skinny jeans and then
just like fresh white trainers or crisp
white sandals or metallo
sandals and then get your nails done
gold jewelry or silver XO jewelry such
easy easy summer outfit and very
comfortable but love this what size did
I get in I got it in a medium okay so
here are the black and white trousers I
was talking about these are again Daisy
Street I got these in a size 12 but
unfortunately they're uncomfortable like
when I bend my leg you know the seams
feel like the other with sixties back
get them in a size 14 and where it was
that a laptop and then we have this
green monkey and a rat jacket and I got
it in a size medium to large it's too
it's way too big
getting the small would still be that
comfortably big and I could afford to
put on weight and it would still fit
five but I love it I'm going to get this
exchange as well hopefully look it's got
multiple that's fun it's long it's a
very very easy to throw on kind of
jacket you know when it's like
summertime but you're getting funny
weather like we had yesterday I see was
just going down by the way this kind of
look with a plain white t-shirt
underneath mom jeans trainers and who's
very chill laid-back gives me them East
London vibe you get men you know what
else I really love the drawstring is
only at the front so you can't actually
drawstring the back so I really like
that when you pull the door string
tighter it doesn't affect the fit of the
back only though that the fun comes for
me that's quite flattering
so anyway yet not very hopeful e they've
got a small less and then I will just
get that exchanged and then why think we
have one final item ladies and gentlemen
this bracelet which is a bit been
actually a bent out of shape slightly
whether that kind of antique gold
looking cuff you know I was talking
about all the goals kind of accents
complimenting certain looks like the
mint greed less top with the black my
trousers but as an accessory would look
lovely with it I think is any like five
pounds and that's it guys that's
everything I bought from a soft I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you want
to get any of these products or check
them out the legs will all be listed in
the description down below and without
further ado I shall see you on my next
video until next time goodbye
