guys we're both ready now then if it's
less 200 GMS petunias drop of Hana to my
sister's and jump on the tube all the
way to show this my friend like my new
student guys 9 West trainers Anna can
you give the keys to Baba please go on
it's good ok it does not pop it out the
door oh are you going away yeah
everything your umbrella fine I'm just
with a medium that's my Holocaust yeah
goodbye
oh my god okay
it's Thursday more than enough travelers
run yesterday I didn't awesome getting
back on the fall today also have a drink
yesterday was sake yes best influence
event we have ever been to ever they're
really good bye my older was the best
influencer event it was but it doesn't
great event influences but this one was
like like to a time for us or something
yeah I was like being it's amazing just
on today's agenda film hall film Korean
makeup think film saved videos film
sadena videos and potentially do a blog
post on this outfit that's on the floor
on a Thursday means it always do like
panic mode try and get loads of work
done because it's the last day that
Hannah's a nursery for the week tomorrow
great granny J is coming so you'll see a
lot of duty tomorrow and travel weekend
already I'm going to get some work done
back there the whole thing to that yeah
yeah yeah
but the Burstein general and guys we are
now leaving so that I can well I mean
both but we're going to eat before we
pick up on us because I think it's by
the time we get home I'm picking up
Hannah it's like the traffic is insane
so like we don't get home for seven
maybe even half seven so better now
electric car I really wanna go have a
look at it in a sense your obsess over
Twitter I know I think I should go see
one in real life
well I just in case you don't like it I
know they like it but just to kick them
like no it's not gonna work you in a
race ready
no bond hold of me what you ready ready
here's a fun fact for you guys and a lot
of people don't know this is actually a
pretty quick runner you're pretty fast
you've always been fast even wonder even
when you got even when you got really
cut you apart first time we run I was
just like what the heck how is this girl
somewhere
pieces arrived
oh my god I'm drooling
