it's been forever since I showed you
guys why I've been buying recently since
today's video I am finally going to be
doing a horn I just think I've done a
bull for at least a year I'm not sure
what scene this hall is other than
Tina's weekly shopping or Dina's
fortnightly shopping I guess we could
say it's like a transitioning into
spring/summer kind of wardrobe they're
more springy pieces basically and we're
kind of bringing in color ready for
summer there's quite a few bits to show
you so I'm getting us right into it I
guess we'll start right over here this
is an elasticated waist skirt just past
the knee length so when I have worn it
or when I will wear it again I will wear
it with tights and it's ribbed which is
so hot right now loving this color
combination over here I love loads of
bright colors and then black and white
chucked in I love that this guy is from
joy you guys must know what joy is it's
like a shot that you see all the time on
High Street and they never quite have
like amazing pieces but sometimes if you
go in you could find one or two pieces
here and a that kind of shops is thought
it was a bit beachy looking I wore it
with tights and trainers and I can
imagine wearing it with it oversized
hoodie like a lightweight one maybe like
that orange one back there and it
looking really cool so next is two of
the same tops and different colors these
are from Zara to rustle sleeves tops the
white ones are small and black ones in a
medium so they're quite loose fit quite
sure they don't cover my bum and what
exactly tall either but I'm like average
height I guess I'm 55.5 anyway what I
love about these is they're thin the
rustle sleeves are so in right now and
they're perfect for layering those
strappy dress is that everybody likes to
layer right now but also just perfect
for layering any kind of tops that don't
have sleeves or even topped with short
sleeves and then you have the rustle
sticking out a little bit perfect for
that kind of layering so I bought two of
them I think they were 30 pound each
there you go let me show you this long
denim jacket quite oversized but I feel
everybody in their mother has and they
actually got two ages ago but I'm quite
late to jump on this bandwagon and
that's the cause Zara
have sold out of this style I think that
Zara did this file the best all the
other high street stores didn't quite
get the fit right
I feel like so when this came back into
Zara I snapped up really quick even
though it's a bit late but I feel like
it's just a great wardrobe staple for
any time during the year literally
stripe the t-shirt underneath
skinny jeans some point e-flat nice
little handbags very classic
easy easy outfit without any thought
process needed so I think you're to see
pounds and I actually picked it up in a
medium because it was the only size they
have left but I would much prefer to get
it in a large I like my clothes really
oversized and then I went ahead and got
another Denon jacket from ASOS
our bin is more of a biker style jacket
as you can see with the collar over here
same I deal with the rips and all that
there's a massive wet patch on it
because it'd fill the steamer water all
over it but they're way about it's fun
I'm not really a massive fan of the
color of the denim of this I really like
to style so I kind of sacrifice that and
also I'm not a massive fan of the spinal
rips the rips aren't done very
strategically I don't feel like but it's
fine I can make it work and I have worn
this already and I really really love
the fit basically which is why I really
like it it's not as long as the Zara one
but it's a wider fit I now feel like
wider fit tops look really good with
tailored trousers or skin jeans yeah I
got that one in the five medium because
it's already quite a boxy fit whereas
the Zara one is quite a long fit and not
as boxy which is why I would have
preferred it in a large we have this top
from my beloved a soft white I love a
soft white okay this top I bought about
two months ago actually just about
covers the crotch at the front but it
does cover the behind because it's got
curved back by the way a little tip I
don't like it when tops don't have a
good fit by the shoulders so like when
the seam is like this on the edges too
much here I prefer it when the theme the
shoulder seam is right in here and right
by your collar and then the shoulder
just kind of goes over or the shoulder
seam goes past your shoulder and all the
way down here like this talk but how I
like my top I just feel like they say it
a lot better a lot more slouchy and then
believes of course
pleated kind of blue
to leave from the elbow down I feel like
a soft white is a very cold kind of
brand maybe slightly cheaper but very
very similar price range very similar
style both very modest friendly cause
and a soft white also I feel like a
sauce white is the kind of like clothes
that I would have made a few years back
when I was messing about on my sewing
machine a lot of people do because
they're very boxy simple simple cuts
that's probably why I really really like
a pus-y then we have this top over here
which is added up and it's just a
sweatshirt as well something funny to
tell you Ashley I bought this in a size
20 believe or not and it fits me just
like a normal kind of loose fit
sweatshirt not even mad oversized which
i think is a little bit ridiculous
adidas I know it's supposed to be it
probably is tight tops but come on call
me but not to be that size it I bought
this really to pair with medic white
feminine shirts underneath and then like
skinny jeans and my feminine shoes hair
with like smarter pieces basically for
that sports luxe we'll see how it goes
then let me tell you this orange
sweatshirt which I bought from Zara and
I love it because it is a medium and is
humungous and I love oversized like
supposed to be oversized top of this
kind of fit really easy to wear such a
nice bright color and I think basically
I will wear this would like flirt or
really roughly pleated trousers and
heels or flat shoes all others wear it
regularly with trainers and like joggers
even like there's so many ways you can
wear this kind of piece now guys there
are no limits
my favorite kind of clothing is a good
jumper sweatshirt whatever the weather
and I have so many in my water let me
know if you want to see a sweatshirt
it's last jumper collection because I
could really talk you to a lap that's
like my favorite thing to buy for my
wardrobe jump and switch it I'm not a
massive fan of knitwear and let it's a
certain style but don't mind little
things but it's more about the jumpers
and the sweatshirts and that's kind of
thing okay so anyway I bought that from
Zara and that was 26 pounds or okay and
then we have this floral number which is
not likely to buy at all this kind
reminds me of like Deena when she was
like 21 when she first met this pretty
little thing I got it from a source
pretty soon and basically it's like a
rough over dress with short sleeves and
it comes just above the knees I just
thought this could look really really
nice with one of those venom jackets
thrown over the top layered with a nice
collared shirt underneath or maybe no
college shirt just like a roll neck
underneath maybe a ribbed roll neck
because you've got to really be careful
with roll neck guys you can't just wear
on the Primark cotton ones and expect it
to look like nice it's going to be like
one with a good texture and one with a
good fit for it to look like quality can
be from Primark you just going at the
right kind of roll neck so yes we'll see
how that goes I am yet to wear it
another layering piece this is basically
a dress that I picked up from Topshop
and it is ribbed and it is shiny now I'm
not a massive fan of the by the
boob fit because I bought it for
layering so most likely as wear
something of the top which to me there's
just going to add bulk so if I was going
to wear this I would have to pin it so
that it doesn't give me extra bulk with
whatever's on top what I love about it
is it's full lips with no split and it's
not see-through I mean that's fantastic
is it not guys you can pair this with
anything and this color is so versatile
I bought this in a large by the way and
it fits perfectly
Oh some more layering pieces from H&M
H&M is amazing for layering by the way
they bring out every year in different
prints and it is basically a t-shirt
that's a bit smarter than an actual
t-shirt so it's got like that kind of
fastening on the back so they have this
kind of style top in four or five
different prints and flame colors so I
just picked up four and I got them from
size 16 to 18 maybe I could wear this
with the black ruffle top over the top
they're just a perfect length and their
sin so they're very easy to layer or to
wear on the jacket that kind of thing I
don't think I would wear it by itself
with like long sleeves unless I was
wearing it over the top of a nice shirt
that had a nice collar and gorgeous
sleeves then maybe but I mainly bought
these fillet ring underneath things got
plain car key over here nude kind of
spotted one which I'm not a fan of but
it could be handy and then I got
black-and-white stripes which is perfect
but when you're going on holiday with
nice big flirty trousers alright
more trousers I bought these stone
colored river island trousers with a
little ruffle on the end the ruffle is a
bit vtec actually not going to lie
BTech retaking it confessor Elam what I
really liked about these is I could get
them in a size 10 whereas normally I'm
like a 14 or something so size 10 from
River Island nice one and then I ran is
got some more BTEC ruffle pants this
time from Columbia and this time a lot
more comfortable because they rusticated
they are plain black which I could
probably wear with just a nice oversized
jumper and trainers or could dress up
with a nice blazer depends though
because the fabric is also very be tech
and it could also just be a lounge pant
for around the house but when I've got
people coming over that kind of takes
okay is a fancy little number but I have
to picked up from a charity shop and it
is Jenny Packham believe it or not which
is very exciting and it is a gorgeous
silk pleated skirt but I have to buy
there was 50 pounds by the way her
skirts go for like two thousand plus its
full length
it's got lining it's got netting for a
bit of fullness
it's literally beautiful look at the
color as well I really want to find like
a nice crop the heavily sequined or
beaded top that's very very fitted to go
with it it's a very very small skirt and
I don't have much of a waist that I
would need to wear something super
fitted basically one of those charity
shop bargains my friends finally clothes
I picked up a very lightweight car key
kind of Mac rain jacket thing I've got
this one ace off and I got this in a
size 12 and I wish I kind of put in a
510 by it's fine
standard kind of Mac I already have this
in nude and like light pink and black
not the exact one but similar file I
don't have a copy one so I thought let
me get cloudy and it's easy to throw on
especially this spring summer days where
it's pissing down rain here in England
that's it for clothing on to shoes how
cute are these glitter things thought
them inside so I have really from
a sauce I'm not sure of the brand is but
they're a sauce I'm really into anything
with like bows on it right now how cute
are these for spring color
then pain pain pain how sizing
ding-ding-ding-ding today unless you
bought these like two weeks ago and
they're already a bit worn out because I
haven't stopped wearing them since I
bought them so comfortable and they
literally bring so much life into any of
my office they're basically like a nude
or very light dusted pink but when
matched with like colors that don't have
pink in them they'll it should come out
looking nude so they match anything I
freaking love these these are Kurt
Geiger there were 140 pounds but
probably the most expensive thing I
bought here actually oh I also bought
this from Bershka they're like a little
card holder with a bit of space for a
bit of change I don't really like having
a massive bulky wallet most of the time
actually just have my card like in my
pocket and that was just like emotional
health of six pounds and then
accessories I actually bought these
earrings here I think these are hmmm how
fun are these earrings guys lovely satin
earrings quite terrible isn't it well
that fun still oh and I bought these
sunglasses because the Sun was shining
and I got excited
also hmm wear yo oh and then I went and
bought these earrings which were two
pounds because you'll see now on the
price tag basically I'd already bought
these involved and wore them to my
blogosphere launch party for the
magazine but then I lost them and I was
like I really want these earrings again
and then I went to found them and they'd
gone down in sales then oh look at these
earrings I bought also hmm
they are cute mom oh oh yes look at
these earrings too tips everybody needs
a hoop update every once in a while
moorings moorings these exciting looks
they would go to my nails as well look
at these earrings yeah girl yeah that's
everything I bought let me know if you'd
like this kind of video and next time I
shop I will make sure I fill holes for
them straight away rather than forget
and not do them in a hole you thanks for
watching this video and I will see you
on the next one
til next time well
right
