in March 2015 an Italian publishing
company was found guilty of
discrimination after one of its legal
texts suggested that gypsies were
criminals and in January the mayor of a
French town reportedly denied the burial
of a gypsy baby in the local cemetery on
the grounds that the Gypsy community
didn't pay their local taxes so who are
these people known as gypsies and why do
they face such discrimination well to
start with the name gypsy is considered
by some to be pejorative and
discriminatory the label comes from the
word Egyptian which is the land that
some Europeans mistakenly thought the
gypsies were from today the word
includes a broad scale of nomadic
peoples across Europe Asia the Middle
East and the Americas however the term
is most commonly used to refer to the
Romani people whatever the specific
community's name though they are a group
of migratory people who have traveled
all over the world throughout the
centuries genetic evidence suggests that
the Roma people are originally from
northern India and the Romani language
bears some similarity to the Hindi
language from India experts think that
the Roma knees traveled to Europe and
Russia where large populations of Roma
still live today
large numbers of gypsies have also made
their way to the United States and
Brazil according to the New York Times
gypsies make up about 11 million people
worldwide but gypsies have been
historically oppressed almost wherever
they go
experts have speculated that this
discrimination stems in part from their
nomadic nature one Cambridge scholar
thinks that gypsy ancestors first began
their migration in the 11th century
he says they traveled to fight in a war
in northern India after being promised a
social status promotion in return but
the community kept travelling after that
possibly fleeing the spread of Islam or
the fall of various Hindu kingdoms the
migratory practices of gypsies may have
contributed to real and perceived
poverty by others and thus
discrimination before and during
medieval times in Europe the Roman II
were commonly enslaved and executed
during World War two along with the
Jewish people Roma were exterminated and
tortured in medical experiments Roma
practiced many different religions
typically adopting the dominant faith of
whichever country they're in the Roman
II people also follow their own folk
traditions and standards of Honor in
justise gypsies are also known for their
large extended families and their
tendencies to display their wealth and
fortune rather than saving the money in
banks although live science suggests
that gypsies are settled into permanent
housing now more than ever they remain
unaffiliated with any one home country
and as a community in diaspora they
still face discrimination a study in
2014 estimated that as high as 9 and 10
gypsy children from the UK face racial
abuse in their lives currently many
European countries like the UK are
working to reduce hate crimes and social
stigmas suffered by the group reports
indicate that improved education
employment and housing opportunities
along with other government programs
would help improve Roma standards of
living if you haven't checked out our
new channel seeker yet give it a go
there are hundreds of people living
underneath Las Vegas and hidden tunnels
and we've gone underground to tell their
story there's a link in the description
to check out that video so go watch it
now people get so comfortable living
down here with their couch and their
milk raid and their clothes hung up and
I think sometimes they almost forget
that they're living in a blood channel
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
