while we're waiting around for a giant
earthquake to rip California from the
rest of the United States we thought
we'd take a look at what the US would
lose without test-tube Daly's home state
of California so just how powerful is
California
well for starters California is the u.s.
is most populous state and is home to
one in eight Americans when the
population of nearly 40 million in fact
more people live in California than in
all of Canada that huge population
brings in a ton of income alone
California generates more than two
trillion dollars in GDP about 12% of the
u.s. is total GDP the state economy
ranks around eighth or ninth largest in
the world that's about the same amount
of money generated by global superpowers
like Russia and Italy California's
robust economy isn't an accident the
state hosts some of the biggest
companies in the world including Apple
Disney Google and others California is
also one of the top agricultural
producers in the u.s. churning out more
fruits vegetables wines and nuts than
any other state but the bulk of their
farming cash comes from grapes cotton
oranges and maybe unsurprisingly
marijuana California grows nearly 40% of
America's wheat some eight point five
million pounds a year and don't forget
California has the single most
successful film industry in the world
responsible for some half a trillion
dollars a year clearly if California
broke off from the US they'd be pretty
well off as the weed wine and walnut
capital of America but what are they
gonna do if some country wants a piece
of that California sunshine can
California defend itself well between
the California National Guard and state
military reserve they've got about
25,000 ground air and sea troops that's
roughly on par with Denmark in terms of
active troop levels which is not much
plus with some of the strictest gun
control laws in the country the idea of
a local militia uprising is uh unlikely
all in all California could be one of
the greatest and most powerful nation
states in the world but despite a tie
old status California has the highest
tax rate in the country is suffering
from the worst drought in a millennium
and holds nearly half a trillion dollars
of debt California also suffers from an
influx of undocumented immigrants with
roughly 2.5 million out of a total 11.2
million countrywide clearly California
isn't as self-sufficient as it would
need to be for this whole breaking off
the continent pipe dream to work out
still without it the US wouldn't have
Hollywood or in-and-out burger so how
powerful is California hella powerful if
you like this video you'll probably want
to watch the one we did on Texas to
Texas has more farms and ranches than
any other US state and massive oil
reserves alone they produce 35% of the
US crude oil check it out in the
description we're reading all of your
requests for future videos so keep them
coming we appreciate your patience and
support and thanks for watching
