this episode is brought to you by aj+
analyst area scare this month microwave
meal bran Amy's kitchen recalled almost
80,000 cases of food possibly made with
tainted spinach but this was minor
compared to last year when a California
slaughterhouse were called nearly 9
million pounds of beef after processing
diseased and unsound animals according
to the USDA so who regulates the food we
are eating in America well there are two
main regulatory agencies in the
government which impose and enforce food
safety laws the Food and Drug
Administration and the US Department of
Agriculture both agencies work with
state and local level employees to make
sure food for the public is clean safe
and properly labeled as per the federal
Food Drug and Cosmetic Act although both
federal agencies overlap in their food
safety regulations there are some
general differences the US Department of
Agriculture as its name would suggest is
mostly responsible for the nation's
agricultural industry as well as animal
welfare and forestry the USDA's Food
Safety and Inspection Service or FS is
oversees food processing and
distribution and they take most of the
responsibility for testing meat poultry
and eggs before they're sold the FDA on
the other hand takes a more regulatory
role while the USDA inspects food
regularly the FDA is reportedly more
likely to act on tips from consumers the
FDA is also the only government agency
capable of issuing mandatory recalls
because it's an agency within the US
Department of Health and Human Services
the FDA is concerned with the public
health and the enforcement of a wider
scale of products like medications
cosmetics and tobacco
yet another important food safety
regulator is the food producing business
itself many companies keep cautious
records and test their own products to
make sure they aren't violating federal
law any violations of food safety acts
can hold massive fines and even jail
time for those responsible however the
FDA in the USDA are reportedly
understaffed and overworked an audit of
USDA inspectors from 2008 to 2011 found
that in almost a third of pink
slaughterhouses inspectors did not fully
meet standards of inspection which led
to federal food safety violations
both agencies work to keep American
citizens safe and healthy according to
the USDA website the agency expects to
prevent as many as 25,000 cases of
foodborne illnesses annually from
bacteria like e.coli and Salmonella
the USDA claims to inspect about 6,000
food processing plants every year
so can you trust the food you eat well
even though the federal government has
these agencies in place the CDC reports
that one in six people get sick each
year from foodborne illnesses in the end
it's a good idea to be careful of what
you eat big business has a stake in what
food is served in America's public
school system to learn why this is a
kind of scary idea check out this video
from our friends over at aj+ but still
the big food industry is fighting the
changes and turning school cafeterias
into a political food fight
thank you for watching test-tube to see
all of our latest videos please
subscribe now
