in March 2015
Utah lawmakers approved the use of
firing squads to execute death row
inmates
this comes after lethal injection drugs
were discontinued in 2011 when the drugs
only manufacturer left the US since then
states have been scrambling to find a
humane painless and efficient execution
method so we wanted to find out what is
the most humane method of execution how
humane one method is compared to another
is highly debated but a widely cited in
1993 study examined executions from
around the world to find out how painful
each method was they wrote that although
most people assume capital punishment is
instantaneous and painless in nearly
every case the opposite is actually true
firing squads can be considered a fast
and effective alternative to injections
but according to the Royal Commission on
capital punishment being shot is not an
efficient method because it does not
guarantee immediate death additionally
those subject to a firing squad are
likely to feel pain during the time it
takes to bleed out hangings are supposed
to work by quickly fracturing and
dislocating the neck the 1993 study
notes that often prisoners will grimace
and shake violently which are clear
signs of distress however this could
also be due to spinal reflexes since
hangings are supposed to sever the
nervous system and prevent pain but
consider that the heart can take up to
20 minutes to stop beating after a
person is hung and the brain is still
able to process sensory signals from
above the neck although it is efficient
it's likely not humane electrocution
used to be a popular method in the
United States through the 20th century
one of the biggest problems was that
since electrocution works by essentially
cooking the brain and internal organs
survival can be excruciatingly painful
Nebraska was the only state left to
exclusively offer the electric chair
before deciding it was cruel and unusual
in 2008 gassing is problematic because
most people who are gas tend to hold
their breath which unnecessarily
lengthens the time it takes to die
scientism pointed towards
hyperventilation vomiting and headaches
as possible distressing reactions
finally we're left with intravenous
injections
although firing squads have a higher
success rate IVs are considered much
more humane the body is dosed with an
anesthetic venom muscle relaxant which
causes respiratory failure followed by a
drug to stop the heart however since the
anesthetic has been discontinued several
attempts at lethal injection have failed
during a recent Oklahoma execution the
prisoner moaned and tried to speak
throughout and died of a heart attack 43
minutes after the failed injection so
what's the least painful way to enforce
capital punishment
science points towards lethal injections
as the best of the worst but without the
necessary drugs the US may be forced to
decide whether it is willing to continue
killing prisoners if the methods
available are inhumane so are lethal
injections really that great or do they
fall into the cruel and unusual category
to learn more about this issue take a
look at the video we made adding to all
of this some states have secrecy laws in
place so the public and more shockingly
be inmates have no way of knowing what
exactly is in their lethal injection
cocktail to keep on top of everything
happening in the world please make sure
to subscribe now and as always thanks
for watching
