a viral video released in early 2015
shows a young American seek boy being
harassed on the school bus by other kids
one young girl points at him and chants
terrorists terrorists this event and the
videos spread online served to
illustrate the general ignorance of
Sikhism so who are the Sikhs the Sikhs
are people from northern India who
subscribe to the dictation zuv ten
important gurus their philosophy is
encapsulated in the Guru Granth Saab
which is the holy book of Sikhism in
general Sikhs believe in one God
equality among all freedom of religion
and community service the Sikh religion
is independent from the other major
monotheistic religions as well as
Buddhism and Hinduism Sikhs are well
known for a few distinct physical
attributes men usually wear a specific
type of turban called a de star and both
men and women often wear a steel or iron
bracelet called a Kura a Sikhs uncut
hair and the bracelet are two of five
articles of faith that they are expected
to wear at all times the other articles
include a wooden comb cotton
undergarments and a stylized dagger
these five articles symbolize the Sikhs
commitment to their faith Sikhism
originated in the 15th century in the
Punjab region of what is now northern
Pakistan and India following the
independence of southern Asian colonies
from Britain in 1947 Punjab was split
between Pakistan and India
this caused civil unrest and violence
for a long time although tensions have
cooled since the 90s the most holy Sikh
Gurudwara or place of worship is the
Golden Temple in India the Pew Research
Center reports that Sikhism is the fifth
largest religion worldwide and there are
about 25 million adherents nine out of
ten Sikhs reportedly live in India but
there are large communities abroad
especially in the UK the US and Canada
in the video from the beginning the
original upload by the young Sikh boy
included a description saying quote kids
being racist to me and calling me an
Afghani terrorist if you don't know I'm
not Muslim I'm Sikh end quote since the
September 11th attacks there have been
an increased number of hate crimes
against Sikhs many people still don't
know just how vastly different their
religion is compared to Islamic
extremism if you haven't caught on to
our new seeker channel yet make sure you
check out this video about a single tiny
village in India that is known for
producing the best nightclub bouncers in
New Delhi take the village of fatehpur
berry on the outskirts of the mega city
New Delhi it's a small conservative town
and it has a long history of defending
itself against outside invasion these
days it's gained a reputation as the
strongest village in the country a
literal hub of muscleman you can click
the link in the description to see that
full video and make sure you subscribe
to seeker for more stories like it thank
you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
