the American people are weary of war
nowhere is this more evident than with
the war in Afghanistan
the longest war in American history in
August 2017 President Donald Trump
outlined a new troop surge in
Afghanistan prolonging a military
occupation that began in 2001 the Afghan
government has been overthrown and
replaced the military revamped and
retrained and the economy completely
overhauled still many parts of the
country have resisted change
particularly in rural areas so today
just how powerful is Afghanistan
well the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
is one of the largest countries in South
and Central Asia coming in at roughly
250,000 square miles
ranking 41st globally in size but much
of the region is sparse mountainous and
rural with only a few major urban
centers including the capital Kabul
Kabul actually hosts more than 13
percent of the country's population of
35 million with roughly 75% living in
rural areas which are still ethnically
divided demographically Afghans break
down into four major ethnic groups
Pashtun Tajik Hazara and Uzbek although
there are over a dozen ethnicities
including those from surrounding
countries such as Pakistan Iran and
Turkmenistan roughly half of the country
speaks a Persian Afghan dialect known as
dari and more than 1/3 speak Pashto with
the distinction mostly based on
geography Pashto is predominantly found
in the border region of Pakistan and
Afghanistan while dari
is more exclusively Afghan nonetheless
both are defined in Afghanistan's
Constitution as the country's official
languages
additionally ninety-nine point seven
percent of the population is Islamic
with as many as 90 percent ascribing to
the Sunni faith and 10 to 15 percent to
the Shia faith interestingly there's
only one reported Jewish resident in the
entire country despite a sizable Jewish
population prior to 1979 in fact 1979
marked a significant shift in Afghan
demographics and politics that year the
soviet-afghan war saw the Soviet Union
Afghanistan and establish a socialist
state until 1989 in the chaotic
aftermath of the USSR s departure the
country fell under the control of the
Islamic terror group the Taliban who
became its de facto for an evil
government starting in 1996 following
the attacks of September 11th and 2001
the Taliban protected the financier and
mastermind of the attacks Osama bin
Laden this sparked another invasion this
time by the United States which toppled
the Taliban regime and instituted a pro
US government in the year since the
Afghan economy has seen massive growth
mostly due to foreign involvement and
investment their GDP has jumped from
around two billion dollars to roughly
twenty billion dollars however following
the withdrawal of US troops in 2014 the
economy has slumped as the overwhelming
majority is still based on agriculture
in fact one of the most economically
lucrative crops in the country is
poppies used to produce the largest
supply of opium in the world somewhat
ironically this only became the norm
following the USS invasion as the
Taliban government had previously
prohibited the production of opium
economically the country ranks 190 and
is one of the world's most
underdeveloped regions despite having
more than one trillion dollars in
untapped mineral deposits civil war and
constant invasion and regime change has
made concentrated efforts to exploit
these minerals almost impossible
militarily in spite of significant
investment improvements and training by
the United States Afghanistan still lags
far behind many of its neighbors with
roughly 200,000 troops and a defense
budget comprising less than 1% of the
GDP Afghanistan only ranks 69th
worldwide nonetheless it's a member of
the United Nations and specifically the
group of 77 which is a collection of
underdeveloped States which negotiates
jointly within the UN additionally it's
also a member of the non-aligned
movement meaning it's not officially
aligned with any major power bloc
somewhat uniquely having been invaded by
both the Soviet Union and the United
States in short Afghanistan is still
struggling to make significant strides
on the world stage
with a lagging economy military and a
lack of urbanization with American
troops leaving in 2014 many believe
that not enough has been done to propel
the country past developing status
sadly outside of their enormous illicit
drug trade little about Afghanistan can
be considered powerful but while
Afghanistan is one of the largest
producers of opium neighbouring Pakistan
is one of its biggest consumers fueling
a countrywide heroin epidemic to learn
more about Pakistan's struggle with
heroin you can watch this video to the
right thanks for tuning in please don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
now this world every week
