this episode is brought to you by aj+ as
rent prices around the country continue
to rise more young people have been
moving into historically low-cost
inner-city communities although this
provides an affordable solution for
incoming residents it also leads to
gentrification or the displacement of
existing communities by wealthier
newcomers so is gentrification a good or
bad thing on average first way of gender
fires are usually young childless
college graduates often they'll move
nearer to their workplaces in public
transit and farther from the suburbs in
the US the Federal Reserve Bank of
Cleveland reports that rapid
gentrification has been seen in cities
like Washington DC in Atlanta on the one
hand an influx of cash into previously
poor areas tends to lead to an
improvement in the quality of life
therefore everyone landlords and
property owners are willing to invest
more into their homes so as to increase
rent prices crime rates drop and local
businesses and governments generally see
higher revenues gentrification also
eases the strain on infrastructure and
public services while lowering vacancy
rates however as the social and
financial demographics of a low-income
area change the effects on existing
residents are mostly negative according
to the ESRC Center for neighborhood
research a sudden demand for housing
raises rent costs and without rent
stabilization many families are unable
to afford the inevitable increase this
often leads to evictions high rates of
homelessness and increased housing
demand for still affordable surrounding
areas gentrification also affects local
businesses as in comers have different
standards and preferences as communities
gentrify locals tend to Harbor
resentments towards newcomers going so
far as to protest destroy property and
even physically attack new residents in
San Francisco during the late 90s tech
boom an anti gentrification group called
the mission yuppie eradication project
was responsible for slashing car tires
keying expensive vehicles breaking
windows and vandalism there are
differing views on the role of
gentrification in the way societies
develop and whether or not this practice
is ultimately beneficial or detrimental
to a community still without significant
opposition legislation like rent control
laws or a decline in the overall housing
market gentrification is an
capable phenomenon as people seek out
affordable rent race obviously plays a
huge role in this picture and it's a
generally touchy subject for most to
learn more about the white privilege
factor check out this video from our
friends at aj+
you know I got called the n-word the
other day you know I couldn't really do
anything due to the fact that you know
if I did anything I may get shot by the
police so you know that's white
privilege you know some people can do
certain things that you know African
Americans really can't do
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
