for sometime Boko Haram has been
aligning itself with Isis they've opened
similar social media accounts full of
propaganda released their first
beheading video and even displayed the
ISIS flag so on March 7th many news
agencies were not surprised when Boko
Haram's leader officially announced
their intent to join the Islamic state
through an audio message normally no
movie actor Lali Fatah Ibrahim Obinna
award
whenever ahem al Husseini al crazy -
some a Wawa filming shot even Makara so
why does Boko Haram want to join Isis
well first of all Isis has yet to accept
Boko Haram support experts note that the
groups have fundamentally different
goals while both organizations want to
re-establish Sharia law across their
territory
Isis has displayed more determination
and success with creating an Islamic
state but if accepted Boko Haram's
pledge to Isis will benefit both sides
right now Boko Haram is a strong
presence in Nigeria it's been
responsible for thousands of deaths
since its rise to power in 2009 but
there are signs this may change the
terrorist group is being surrounded by
troops from the African Union in
neighboring countries analysts have
suggested that Boko Haram is interest in
joining Isis maybe a bit for more
protection and support from opposing
armies under the global Caliphate of
Isis Boko Haram will obtain more
credibility and influence and in turn
Isis will have an even farther reach
across Africa however some analysts say
that this Pledge of Allegiance is a last
grab at power by Boko Haram as it faces
growing international military
opposition if you want to learn more
about the origins of Boko Haram check
out our full video here so who are the
Boko Haram first off their real name is
not Boko Haram that's just what the
local people call them roughly it means
Western education forbidden but the
actual group's name is the congregation
of the people of tradition for
proselytism
and jihad thanks for watching test-tube
make sure you subscribe for all our
latest videos
you
