transporting oil by rail has come under
scrutiny after recent explosions in West
Virginia in Ontario in 2013 alone over 1
million gallons of oil were spilled from
rail accidents in the US that's more
than the previous four decades combined
critics are concerned that explosions
will become more frequent
so how dangerous are oil trains let's
take a closer look at some of the most
recent incidents to find out in July
2013 a freight train carrying 1.5
million gallons of oil derails in a town
in Quebec an explosive fire destroys
half of the downtown area and leaves 47
dead in November of the same year a
train carrying 2.7 million gallons of
crude oil derails and explodes in
western Alabama oil spills into
surrounding wetlands causing irreparable
damage to the fragile habitat just a
month later a train carrying soybeans
collides with an oil train in Casselton
North Dakota a chain of large explosions
and a huge plume of poisonous smoke
prompts the evacuation of thousands of
people in April 2014 an oil train
traveling at low speed two rails in
southern Virginia
despite the tanks puncture-proof design
the incident causes a massive fireball
and spills oil into the James River On
February 14 2015 an oil train derails
and catches fire in a town in
southeastern Ontario reports say that
both the Train and the rails had just
recently passed safety inspections less
than 48 hours later a train carrying
three million gallons of crude oil
derailed in mount carbon West Virginia
oil spills into the Kanawa river
poisoning the local water supply 19
tanks caused a series of explosions
sending a plume of toxic smoke that
threatens the safety of local residents
the incidents reignite support for the
Keystone XL pipeline as a safer
alternative to rail transport
however environmental advocacy groups
note that neither option offers a safe
transport solution and both pose a
threat to adjacent communities oil
companies have been taking huge risks in
the Arctic as well to learn about how
these Gamble's sometimes don't pay off
check out this video from our friends at
seeker the grounding was a major
disaster and shockingly expensive for
oil the mission cost an estimated six
billion dollars
they came away with nothing
