since the latest outbreak of Ebola was
reported just over a year ago the
disease has spread rapidly across West
Africa the 2014 Ebola epidemic was the
largest in history killing more people
than any previous outbreaks of the
disease combined however according to
recent reports a number of cases are on
the decline
so do we finally have Ebola under
control Ebola hit West Africa hard with
Guinea Liberia and Sierra Leone being
the worst affected all three nations
were vulnerable and previous civil wars
had led to chronic poverty which in turn
left the majority of the population
without access to adequate health care
when the disease struck the medical
provisions that were available were
simply not equipped to handle an
outbreak of such magnitude international
health organizations have since been
heavily criticised for their slow
response then there was local customs to
contend with in many parts of West
Africa it's tradition to wash and dress
the dead before carrying the body
through the village so family and
friends are able to say their last
farewells but because Ebola can be
transmitted even after death these
traditions became a huge problem in the
spread of the disease according to the
who just six months after the initial
outbreak 759 people had been infected
and 467 people had died from the disease
and by September 2014 the number of
cases reported in Liberia had reached a
peak of around 500 per week then in
January 2015 the number of cases fell
dramatically in Liberia just four cases
per week were reported and similar
declines were being documented in both
Guinea and Sierra Leone experts have
hailed the decline as a significant
turning point in the fight against Ebola
but warned that there is no room for
complacency in addition to supply
medical staff and equipment
organizations like the who remain
vigilant about educating local
populations on how to minimize the risk
of infection the danger of the disease
resurging is very high and just a single
case can be enough to trigger another
huge outbreak so how close are we to
finding a vaccine well a number of
potential vaccines including one from
Canada and another one from the US
National Institute of Health are being
prepared for large-scale testing several
trials for each immunization are set to
take place across the three worst
affected countries in the next few
months thousands of volunteers will be
vaccinated and researchers will then
analyze
the data collected to determine which
one offers the greatest protection from
the virus the who announced that should
these trials be successful they are
confident that a vaccine will be
available by the end of 2015 if you're
interested in learning about how Ebola
affects the human body and heads up it's
kind of gross
check out this informative video from
dnews as you probably know Ebola is
spread by infected bodily fluids that
includes blood plasma stool and urine
but it also can spread through spit that
might fly during a conversation sweat
and fluids that leak out of the body
even after death thanks for watching
test-tube please subscribe
