in the most recent display of the
Islamic states terrible power militants
have reportedly burned 45 people to
death in al-baghdadi Iraq global outrage
over attacks like this have prompted
President Obama and other Middle Eastern
countries to declare war on Isis so how
powerful is the Islamic state first of
all if you want to know more about Isis
check out Tara's video here but briefly
Isis is a militant jihadist group trying
to establish their own Islamic nation in
and around the borders of Iraq and Syria
it's currently battling local militias
the National armies of Iraq and Syria as
well as the US Army and its affiliates
and in many ways Isis is winning Isis
recently gained ground in Iraq and Syria
and the number of Isis supporters in the
region is reportedly growing the CIA
estimates that the number of Isis
fighters to be around twenty to thirty
thousand men strong but others think
that's a low figure a Kurdish government
official says 200,000 is a more likely
number a UN Security Council report
claims that Isis has a stockpile of
weapons and ammunition which can last
two years the Arsenal according to the
report includes tanks Humvees machine
guns and anti-aircraft artillery Isis
also makes tens of millions of dollars
per month on oil sales kidnapping
ransoms theft and donations according to
the US Treasury briefing illegal trade
of antiques and mafia Lake taxes on
residents contribute to Isis's wealth -
several news agencies call Isis the
wealthiest terror group currently in
operation and perhaps more than anything
else
Isis gets its power from the specter of
fear that pervades the region the
militants use their own unique brand of
terror and social media platforms to
their advantage
Isis's Twitter accounts proudly update
the world on every confirmed and
unconfirmed act of violence they have
gone so far as to release gruesome
videos depicting Isis executions for the
world to see this media presence is used
to successfully intimidate communities
in the Gulf region and beyond CNN
reports that Iraqi soldiers and police
have even fled their posts at the
terrorists approach Isis is arguably the
most powerful terrorist group of modern
time it is stronger and wealthier than
al Qaeda in Iraq and the Taliban in
Afghanistan currently the UN inhuman
groups are struggling to help innocent
victims in the region but excessive
violence hinders their efforts however
as Isis gains momentum in their attacks
against the West and neighbouring Muslim
nations governments can no longer turn
their back on the terrorist threat
Jordan even Egypt have recently joined
the u.s. Libya Iraq Syria and others in
the fight against the Islamic state
check out our playlist to learn more
about the global fight against Isis
including this video on whether Jordan
can actually beat them the Jordanian
military has announced that it will
deploy special ground forces to Isis
strongholds in Syria and Iraq this has
been received as positive news by the US
which has so far been responsible for
approximately 80% of airstrikes against
Isis and subscribe for new test-tube
videos every day of the week thanks for
watching
