Marine Corps veteran Eddie ray rouse is
on trial for the murder of Chad
Littlefield and former Navy SEAL Chris
Kyle the trial is now in the national
spotlight thanks in part to the release
of a 2014 blockbuster film based on
Kyle's life is a military sniper Roth is
pursuing an insanity plea based on his
PTSD diagnosis so what is PTSD
post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD
is a mental health condition that's
triggered by either experiencing or
witnessing a traumatic event this is why
it's a common disorder amongst more
veterans in the US around one in five
Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans are
diagnosed with serious PTSD symptoms
these include flashbacks avoidance
isolation and anger outbursts for family
and friends can be a challenging
disorder to understand there are an
estimated 500,000 veterans who have PTSD
however less than 40 percent actually
end up pursuing help for those that do
seek help many will leave care programs
before they are completed while it is
unknown exactly what PTSD treatment
raus received news reports have
indicated that he checked out of a
psychiatric hospital in Dallas just five
months prior to the murders of Kyle and
Littlefield on an open shooting range in
Texas so why do so many veterans go
untreated for PTSD well there are
literally hundreds of programs available
to veterans but the military has not yet
endorsed a specific treatment that works
efficiently this means that there are
many avenues where a veteran can get
help but the lack of standardization
results in varying levels of care
another challenge to PTSD treatment are
the stigmas that surround the disorder
PTSD support organizations have noted
that veterans often avoid dealing with
the problem because the disorder is seen
as a sign of weakness
discrimination is also a factor and many
former soldiers believe that a PTSD
diagnosis can prevent them from gaining
employment while many former veterans
hope that rouses trial will shed light
on the stigmas others fear that routes
murder charges could bring undue
prejudice against those suffering from
the disorder routes mental health status
won't be fully known until the trial is
over and psychiatric experts stress that
PTSD on its own is not commonly
associated with extreme violence and
those who are suffering from
should not be discriminated against
believe it or not soldiers on the ground
are not the only ones who can be
affected by PTSD to learn about drone
pilots and the psychological issues that
they can face check out this video some
research has shown that drone pilots
feel just as much stress as fighter
pilots maybe even more and subscribe for
new test-tube videos every day thanks
for watching
