did you know that the same federal law
that allows Isis to post a Twitter also
lets you complain about brunch on Yelp
it's called section 230 of the
Communications Decency Act and it
impacts everything from online shopping
to terrorist propaganda and yes even
commenting on your Eggs Benedict section
230 was an amendment to the original law
introduced by two members of Congress
who are concerned about freedom of
speech it states no provider or user of
an interactive computer service shall be
treated as the publisher or speaker of
any information provided by another
information content provider or in other
words a website isn't responsible for
the content that users post on it this
freedom for potential liability has
allowed online markets to flourish
without the threat of legal action so
you can post on Yelp that a restaurant
you went to is lousy or that a jacket
you bought from a seller on ebay wasn't
up to snuff all without putting those
websites at risk of a libel lawsuit but
does the law go too far if someone posts
a false or defamatory story about you on
a website you can't sue that site for
damages or even force them to take the
post down and now victims of the Orlando
terror attacks are trying to sue social
media companies because the argue that
groups like Isis are using their
platforms to spread propaganda but this
may be an uphill battle a similar
lawsuit against Twitter claiming that a
gunman was inspired by tweets from Isis
already failed in 2016 getting rid of
this law could be harmful though because
it also gives post sites another
importance power the ability to take
posts down so section 230 allows social
media outlets to regulate user-generated
content without operating in fear of a
lawsuit but what do you think is section
230 vital to freedom on the internet or
is it time to update a law that predates
many of the websites that currently
utilize it
you
