we hear the word terrorism a lot despite
the fact that it is a term that is
notoriously hard to explain there is no
international consensus on the
definition legally or academically for
the term terrorist in fact the US
government has more than 20 definitions
for it and in 1996 the UN formed its own
ad-hoc committee to draft an official
explanation of the term and that took
ten years so what exactly constitutes
terrorism a mix of those definitions
results in something like this
terrorism is violence or the threat of
violence against non-combatants or
civilians usually motivated by political
religious or ideological beliefs outside
of that broad definition it might be
better to explain terrorism by talking
about what it's not terrorism is not
organized crime there are a few key
differences one is motivation terrorism
is usually politically or socially
motivated organized crime is profit
motivated secondly people in organized
crime don't usually seek media attention
something terrorists do third organized
crime doesn't usually desire government
recognition
unlike most terrorist groups terrorism
is not violence carried out by one
mentally ill person this can be
confusing because when it comes to
violent acts it's not immediately
apparent who is saying and who is insane
for example Mon Haron moni's took
hostages in an Australian cafe in
December 2014 he claimed that it was an
official attack on Australia by the
Islamic state however after the siege
ended many people like the Australia
prime minister agreed that he was a
mentally ill person and could not be
considered a terrorist Manas was killed
in the siege and his true intentions and
affiliations remain unknown
research shows that 40% of lone wolf
attacks are perpetrated by mentally ill
individuals terrorism is not violence
perpetrated by a government against
another nation if a nation commits an
act of violence it is usually referred
to as an act of war or under certain
circumstances an act of self-defense
there are some exceptions to this rule
if a nation indirectly commits an act of
terrorism by funding a terrorist
organization or covertly organizing a
terrorist act that is still considered
by some like the United States to be a
terrorist action terrorism is also not
an act of violence by a government
against its own people nations like Nazi
Germany and Soviet Russia had a history
of terrorizing their own civilians but
those were generally considered to be
acts of oppression or repression and not
terrorism these definitions are based on
how the UN the US and many international
scholars interpret these terms if you
disagree or have a dissenting opinion
you're not alone as we said at the top
of this terrorism is notoriously hard to
define and often use to mean many
different things by pundits politicians
and the media if you want to know more
watch this video on why terrorist groups
can't last forever the most common
reason a terrorist group stops
committing terrorism is because they
eventually become a political party
thanks for watching and please subscribe
we put out new videos 6 days a week
