the idea of a unified Korea has been
discussed openly by both sides for
decades the latest talks happened last
October when close advisers to Kim
jong-un visited with South Korea's
unification Minister in Seoul however
nothing came from this and there is
still tension between the two nations so
is there any chance of reunifying North
and South Korea
the current lines dividing North and
South Korea were drawn at the end of
World War two by the US and the Soviet
Union the border was meant to be
temporary but the Korean War cemented
the dividing line and the two nations
have been separated ever since in 1972
North and South Korea made their first
joint statement toward a peaceful
reunification one brought upon without
force or the influence of other
countries no progress was made and plans
were dismissed by the following year
this was followed up by meetings between
the two countries in 1990 2000 and 2007
unification is something that both
countries have expressed interest in in
the past so why hasn't it happened there
is a chance that North Korea may not
actually want to unify in fact they may
still see South Korea as an enemy they
allegedly sank a South Korean navy
vessel and have fired artillery at South
Korea on more than one occasion Plus Kim
jong-un may not be open to relinquishing
power evident in the fact that he
executed his only uncle and top advisor
in a possible play to eliminate
challenges to his power something that
obviously does not sit well with South
Korea the economy is another big reason
there may not be reunification a new
report says that it may cost South Korea
five hundred billion dollars to unify
these nations and they would be forced
to take on North Korea's much weaker
economy in order for everything to work
North Korea's national income would have
to be raised from about $1,200 a year up
to ten thousand dollars a year this is
having a toll on public opinion and the
reason reunification has been pushed in
the past in 1994 a poll found that 92%
of South Koreans thought of unification
as necessary a follow-up in 2007 saw
this number shrink to sixty-four percent
and a 2010 poll saw that only 49 percent
of South Koreans in their 20s saw
unification as necessary the young
population the ones who will eventually
be in power are weary of unifying the
two countries not only because of the
money it will cost South Korea but also
because of how different these two
cultures have become they recognize that
North Korea has developed into a much
different place than modern-day South
Korea despite all of these problems
there is still one way that
reunification could become a reality
but it would involve the collapse of
North Korea this would present the
opportunity for South Korea with help
from international allies like the
United States in the UN to take over the
failed nation for insight on whether our
North Korean collapse could even happen
check out our video assessing how
powerful they really are in addition to
the six hundred ninety thousand to 1.1
million active troops North Korea is
rumored to have they may also have
between 4.1 and up to seven point seven
million soldiers in reserve and please
subscribe thank you for watching
test-tube
