President Obama recently announced his
support for net neutrality and
reclassifying the Internet as a public
utility or more specifically in his
words I'm asking the FCC to reclassify
internet service under title 2 of a law
known as the Telecommunications Act okay
but what does that mean exactly
first let's look at what it means to be
a public utility in the United States in
the US public utilities are essential
services like water natural gas
telephone and electricity that are
regulated by the government however
public utility companies are not
publicly owned most are owned privately
but are subject to numerous government
regulations making Internet companies
utility under the Telecommunications Act
like Obama is suggesting would ensure
that the FCC could regulate Internet
service providers like Comcast Time
Warner and Verizon originally ISPs were
designated as information services
instead of a telecommunications utility
like your land phone line this prevented
the FCC from imposing rules or
regulations on the Internet service
providers the FCC tried to regulate ISPs
anyway by forcing them to treat all
content equally but a US appeals court
threw that regulation out because the
Internet is technically not under the
FCC's purview this ruling opened the
doors to ISPs charging content providers
more for bandwidth on their networks
if ISPs are changed from an information
service to a telecommunication service
under the Telecommunications Act it
would give the FCC the power to regulate
ISPs like a utility company this means
that they could finally pass and enforce
rules that ISPs would have to follow
what rules would these be President
Obama outlined four rules that would
greatly aid the fight for net neutrality
chief among them is a rule that would
prohibit ISPs from blocking content or
from throttling which means slowing down
internet speeds based on the providers
preference Obama also called for
increased transparency and the
prevention of ISPs slowing down a
customer's Internet service because a
fee hasn't been paid
protecting the net as a public utility
would keep the internet a neutral
affordable service that can be available
to everyone much like water electricity
and gas
to find out more about net neutrality
click here now and for the super rich a
premium plus unlimited gold plan that
offers the entire internet the way it
was before they killed net neutrality
for only $149 in a landline for free
because after seeing what the death of
net neutrality will do to your mobile
plan you're going to need that too thank
you for watching test-tube daily we put
out six videos a week if you like them
subscribe to our Channel also like the
video and share thanks for watching
