the US is investigating claims that Isis
used chemical weapons during the current
conflict in kobani and in a separate
incident against Iraqi military and
police this is a serious accusation
because chemical weapons are deemed
illegal by the international community
so what are chemical weapons and how are
they regulated by definition chemical
weapons are any toxic chemical or its
precursors that can cause death injury
temporary incapacitation or sensory
irritation
these include VX sarin mustard gas and
chlorine which is the chemical Isis may
have used and many more the latest set
of rules about chemical weapons were
established fairly recently in 1997 the
Chemical Weapons Convention produced a
treaty that not only bans the use of
chemical weapons in war but also
prohibits their development to
production and stockpiling countries are
also not allowed to encourage other
countries to produce chemical weapons
the conventions set a timetable for
Sinese to start depleting their current
stockpiles and prohibits the transfer of
chemical weapons by any nation countries
are still allowed to produce some
chemicals but they are not allowed to
weaponize those agents and the amount
that they can produce each year is
regulated on a chemical by chemical
basis in addition to all of this
countries have to cooperate fully with
UN inspectors and for the most part this
treaty is working 189 nations signed the
agreement representing 98 percent of the
globe as of last August eighty four
point nine five percent of the world's
declared chemical weapons stockpiles
have been destroyed but there are still
countries that have not signed the
treaty including Angola Egypt and North
Korea so we can't know exactly what
their chemical weapons stockpile
situation is and there are other
countries like the United States and
Russia who are not destroying their
stockpiles at the rate they promised
both missed an important deadline for
destroying their stockpiles in 2012 so
while there is a system in place it
isn't perfect Syria is a perfect example
of how difficult regulating chemical
weapons can be in 2013 it was revealed
that Syria had a large arsenal of
chemical weapons in response inspectors
were sent in and they found evidence of
the nerve agent sarin the UN passed a
resolution
hiring syria to destroy all of their
chemical weapons they agreed and with
help from the united states over 600
tons of sarin was destroyed however
earlier this month it was revealed that
Syria did not disclose three chemical
research facilities and one production
facility so they may still have a
stockpile of chemical weapons if you'd
like to know more about sarin gas
specifically watch this dnews episode
with Laci green where she explains what
it does to humans exposure in large
doses produces convulsions paralysis
respiratory failure loss of
consciousness and death this happens
because nerve agents disrupt the
chemicals between your nerves when you
need to contract your muscle to move
your nerve cells we'll send that command
using acetylcholine muscle contract
thanks for watching test-tube please
subscribe
