the Bureau of Investigative Journalism
estimates that since President Obama
took office over 3,000 people have been
killed by US drones in Pakistan Somalia
and Yemen nearly 500 of those people
were civilians and at least four were US
citizens those numbers alone bring up
questions about the effectiveness and
ethics of using unmanned technology for
military purposes yet the drone strikes
continue and the US military keeps
making advances in the field the newest
of these advances was unveiled by the US
Navy this past August when they tested
13 heavily armed unmanned patrol boats
or drone boats as they were called these
weren't just unmanned drones they were
also capable of acting autonomously
meaning that they were able to swarm and
surround a perceived threat without
being directly controlled by a human the
drones that we currently use to attack
targets in places like Pakistan Somalia
and Yemen are controlled by a two-person
team in a remote location one of the
team members steers the drone and the
other operates its sensory equipment its
eyes and ears if you will those drones
have a live team of actual humans making
real-time decisions for them these new
drones don't need that they decide where
to go and who to target based on an
advanced algorithm they could
essentially be free-roaming weapons
accompanying and protecting our naval
fleet by surrounding and eliminating any
threat to some especially those who love
the Terminator franchise this could
sound a little scary if no one is
controlling the machines what's to stop
them from attacking the wrong targets
well for this particular set of drones
there are some safeguards naval
personnel can override the algorithm and
take direct control over the drone boats
at any time any drone that loses contact
with naval command immediately shuts
itself down so the chances of one going
rogue are minimal and at the end of the
day we control and can rewrite the
algorithms so if something is amiss we
can fix it in other words this is not
and will not become Skynet it's just
another way for the u.s. to protect its
naval officers equipment and ships but
that doesn't mean that there aren't
ethical concerns
despite the human element of our current
drone program roughly one out of every
six people killed by drones are so
billions if you take the humans out of
the equation altogether will we see more
civilian deaths and what about due
process should life-and-death decisions
be left up to an algorithm war is a
human activity should we allow a war in
which one side has no humans for more
drone related news check out this dnews
episode that I did where our drones are
being used for good to protect animals
from poachers in Africa the World
Wildlife Federation does say that just
having drones in the air is decreasing
illegal poaching activity and please
subscribe
