the NFL has taken a lot of criticism
recently for a number of obvious
missteps but that extra attention has
also led to people criticizing them for
less obvious things like their
tax-exempt status the NFL makes an
estimated nine point five billion
dollars annually yet their head office
doesn't pay any taxes how's that fair or
even possible well prior to 1966 there
were two major professional football
organizations in the US the NFL and the
AFL they wanted to merge but due to
antitrust laws that wasn't possible
without getting Congress involved so in
1966 Congress passed public law 89 800
allowing the NFL to merge despite those
antitrust laws while they were at it
they also changed the tax code to give
the NFL tax-exempt status they're
included in Section 501 C 6 of the
Internal Revenue Code which gives
tax-exempt status to trade associations
like chambers of commerce real estate
boards and since 1966 professional
football leagues we can't speak as to
why each individual Congress person
voted for this exact change in the tax
code but we can mention that the
legislation was introduced and pushed
through Congress by two louisiana
politicians and that only 11 days after
the merger was approved louisiana was
awarded its first NFL franchise those
are the facts surrounding the merger so
should the NFL be tax-exempt well most
of the nine billion dollars in NFL
profits is funneled back to the 32 NFL
franchises through a for-profit company
called NFL ventures that company and
those 32 teams do pay taxes so most of
the nine billion dollars is taxed it's
the money that goes to the NFL League
office that's not text that money
includes the estimated forty four point
two million dollars that the NFL paid
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell in 2012
so some people still argue that their
tax-exempt status is unfair while others
argue that we may not be talking about a
lot of added tax revenue and that
changing the tax code might not even be
worth it the NFL's 2012 IRS statement
shows they actually finished the year
millions of dollars in the red
so that year we'd be talking about
literally no money still some would
argue that it is the principle of the
matter not the revenue the NFL is being
treated as a trade association but it's
not really acting like one anyone can
join a normal trade association as long
as they're offering a similar product or
work in that industry obviously that's
not true of the NFL you can't create
your own football team and become an NFL
affiliate you can't even apply to be a
part of their trade organization at all
then there's the moral argument to
consider traditional non profits
contribute to the general good but
that's not the main goal of the NFL and
with the recent controversies around
domestic violence the effects of
concussions on its players and one
particular franchises in sensitive
branding some could argue that they may
not be contributing to the general good
at all if you'd like more statistics on
the occurrences of domestic violence you
should go check out another show I host
called dnews but you may not be aware of
though are the actual statistics
regarding these kinds of cases according
to a new study from the University of
Michigan one in five men in the United
States reports having committed violence
against their spouse or significant
other as always if you found this
episode informative please subscribe and
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so subscribing is the number one
way to make sure you see them all
