because of renewed violence in Ferguson
this week Missouri governor jay Nixon
has called in the National Guard
decision that too many might seem like
an escalation of arms in an already
tense conflict and while we can't
predict the effect that the National
Guard will have on future events we can
look at what the National Guard is and
how it works the National Guard is a
Reserve Component of the United States
Armed Forces so yes they are the army
but they function slightly differently
than the rest of the US Army the Army is
controlled by the federal government and
can be deployed anywhere the president
chooses the same is true for the
National Guard but the difference is the
president isn't the only one who can
call on the National Guard state
governors can to the name National Guard
is actually a little misleading because
each state has its own separate National
Guard and during an officially declared
state of emergency like the one in
Ferguson the governor has the right to
call that Guard into action a governor
doesn't lead the National Guard like the
president leads the armed forces a
governor has to work with that states at
Jude in general he or she is the army
representative who decides the specifics
and parameters for their troops which is
why governor Nixon in his executive
order called for the adjudant General of
the state of Missouri to call an order
into active service the organized
militia Major General Steven Danner is
the adjudant General of Missouri and as
such he's the man in charge of the
Missouri National Guard Danner does
answer to the army chief of staff and
the president but they don't have to be
involved unless they choose to be it is
possible for major general Danner to
make decisions on his own as to whether
or not this is an escalation of arms in
the Ferguson crisis technically yes it
is but it's also an influx of
well-trained professionals who are
better qualified and less personally
involved than local law enforcement that
doesn't mean that the National Guard
will be able to instantly calm
everything or that they'll make the
right decisions or that things will end
soon if you'd like to see more of our
videos on Ferguson please click on this
playlist now to see those if the
majority of your community is
african-american but the majority of
your elected officials and police
officers are not that is in equality of
representation and remember we put out
five new videos a week so please
subscribe
