the main goal of the vast majority of
corporations is to increase profits
year-over-year it's a large part of how
their value is determined on Wall Street
and it's pretty much the whole kit and
caboodle for why corporations do
everything they do one great way to
increase profits is to sell more goods
another great way is to cut down on
costs which could mean letting people go
or buying cheaper materials or paying
less in taxes corporations love paying
less in taxes one way to do that is by
switching their corporate domicile to a
country with a lower tax rate it's
called corporate inversion and it's easy
to do they just merge with a tiny
company overseas and let's say Ireland
and they become an Irish company instead
of an American one and it makes sense
the US has a corporate tax rate of
thirty five percent whereas Ireland's
rate is twelve and a half percent the
company increases profits without having
to lay anybody off or sacrifice the
quality of their products or change
pretty much anything else about their
business Tyco International and Sarah
Lee have already done this it's a
win-win for everybody except the
American public they lose the tax
revenue this has a lot of people up in
arms and justifiably so there are
congressmen calling corporate inversions
unpatriotic there are other people
earning the u.s. to lower their tax rate
to encourage companies to stay others
want foreign nations to step up and
block the mergers there is even a bill
in the House of Representatives designed
to regulate when companies can and
cannot change their corporate domicile
unfortunately there is no silver bullet
solution here but there is one thing
that you should keep in mind when
thinking about the issue of corporate
taxation America is an enormous market
with unbelievable buying power if a
company wants to maintain profits they
have to deal with us they can't find
this buying power elsewhere and they
can't afford to lose the US market the
government doesn't have to lower tax
rates or compromise our laws to make
them stay they just have to set up clear
consistent laws that benefit the
citizenship even if that means making
corporations pay more the struggle is
setting up laws that work which isn't
easy in our current political climate
which is full of partisanship lobbying
and commentators overreacting on both
sides
if you'd like to overreact to this video
please leave us a comment on our
Facebook page where you can also find
other relevant information and links
about this topic we'd love to hear from
you we put out new videos five days a
week please take a moment to subscribe
and let us know down below if you have
any topics that you would like us to
cover in the future
