according to the Vatican's Secretary of
State priests celibacy is an open
question for the Catholic Church and
that should be Family Values in passing
along belief in God to the next
generation are a large part of Catholic
life plus marriage is one of the seven
sacraments so why does the church
require its priests to miss out on those
elements of religious life well first
off it doesn't always require that
celibacy is not a revealed truth passed
down from God it's a church discipline
and as such there are some exceptions to
the rule in fact about a hundred
Catholic priests in the u.s. today are
married these priests were married of
Piscopo and Lutheran ministers who later
converted to Catholicism they were
reordain des Catholic priests and
allowed to keep their marriage vows
wives families etc and some Eastern
Catholic churches who are self-governing
but considered Catholic by the Vatican
have always allowed sections of their
priesthood to marry so celibacy is not
an absolute requirement for doing the
job of a priest plus celibacy wasn't a
part of Catholicism early on it only
became an official part of the church in
1075 C II it was instituted to stem
corruption and to put an end to the
practice of priests leaving church
property to their widows and children so
in light of all this why doesn't the
church open up marriage to the entire
priesthood
well according to current Catholic
teachings they see celibacy as a gift
that God bestows on those who are called
to the priesthood a gift that allows
priests to devote themselves to their
parishioners keeping them as the main
priority in their hearts and minds not a
secondary priority below their wives and
kids which you can argue is a practical
benefit of celibacy there are also
financial benefits of celibacy taking on
more dependents raises a lot of
questions can every diocese Ford to take
care of entire families would they carry
insurance for everyone or just the
priests would they pay for higher
education do they take on the debts or
liabilities of their new dependents etc
etc and there are a few moral Pandora's
box e type questions that go with
priests marrying how do you handle the
inevitable divorce or separation could
they marry non Catholics is it ethical
for a priest to take their wife's or
child's confession what about the
child's or widows inheritance or
adoption is that available to priests
there are a ton of questions and we
didn't even mention gay rights birth
control or any of the other hot-button
issues for the Catholic Church it has
been recently reported that the Pope
called celibacy a problem he also said
there are solutions and I will find them
the trouble is as problems go this one
is very complicated so solutions may not
come quickly to see our episode on
another slow moving institution the Boy
Scouts of America and their current
issues with gay rights click here now
right now 70% of the chartered scouting
units are sponsored by faith-based
organizations which as we know are not
exactly hubs of open-mindedness and
change or click the other box to see our
video on how the US government
officially recognizes religions new
videos five days a week please subscribe
