yesterday Malaysia Airlines flight 17
crashed in Ukraine killing all people on
board there are reports that the plane
was shot down by Russia or Russian
backed separatists we can't say with any
certainty how this will impact the
conflict in Ukraine or international
relations but we can look back at other
similar incidents to see what their
impact was on September 1st 1983 Korean
flight 0:07 was shot down by a Soviet
fighter jet while flying in Soviet
restricted airspace all 269 people on
board died including US congressman
Lawrence McDonald the Soviets thought
that the flight was a US spy plane this
was during the Cold War and needless to
say tensions were high the u.s. pushed
the United Nations to punish Russia
through commercial boycotts lawsuits and
denial of landing rights for Soviet
Airlines they also wanted to hold Soviet
leadership responsible for the incident
in response the airlines of more than a
dozen nations launched an unprecedented
14-day boycott on flights to and from
Moscow and the UN launched an
investigation into the incident they
concluded that the violation of Soviet
airspace was accidental caused by a
failure with the planes autopilot they
condemned the Soviet Union for the
attack a condemnation that the Soviet
Union then vetoed a right they had at
the time as a member of the UN Council
the UN ruling came to basically nothing
and that's the fear that some people
have about the current disaster despite
apparent guilt and international
condemnation the responsible party may
not be forced to atone for their actions
this whole thing might just blow over
but Before we jump to that conclusion
let's look at another more recent
incident Iran Air flight 655 this was
another commercial flight accidentally
fired on and brought down this one was
shot down by the USS Vincennes on July
3rd 1988 during the iran-iraq war the
USS Vincennes thought that it was
shooting down a hostile Iranian fighter
aircraft they later admitted that both
the USS Vincennes and the plane were in
recognized commercial flight paths and
that shooting it down was human error
despite that not a single crew member
received a reprimand from the US
government or Navy Iran went to the UN
Security Council to sue the U
for restitution the UN International
Court of Justice eventually awarded Iran
60 1.8 million dollars the u.s. agreed
to pay the full amount but they wouldn't
formally admit guilt or offer an apology
this incident fostered Iranian distrust
of the US a distrust that still exists
today which is an important thing to
note if Russia did shoot down Malaysian
Airlines flight 17 they will have doubt
cast upon them their intentions and
their military practices if nothing else
comes out of this the u.s. the UN and
the international community as a whole
will walk away trusting putin and his
government less if you found this video
informative please subscribe and if
you're looking for more information on
world affairs please click now to see
our episode on the israeli-palestinian
conflict
in light of the frequency of incidents
it may be good to focus on the conflict
as a whole instead of the recent
activities so let's go back how did this
all start new videos five days a week
please subscribe
