with the NSA in the CIA and the FBI all
in the news lately for spying it's a
good time to know where all our real
life James bond-style Russian choking
martini shaking fake mustache wearing
spies come from it's not from the NSA
they do spying but it's the listening to
your phone calls type of spying
they're basically huge ears feeding off
your personal conversations it's not
from the FBI they're a federal
enforcement agency if a foreign spy is
here breaking law they'll get involved
but they care about the breaking the law
part not the spy part the military does
some spy supporting but not spying elite
Special Operations Forces like Delta
Force and SEAL Team six swooped in with
tanks guns and helicopters but they're
not exactly secret or clandestine spies
are clandestine in fact they come from
the national clandestine service a
mysterious subsection of the CIA
shielded from us by an impenetrable
shroud of secrecy don't dump down but if
you remove the shroud here's what we
know deep inside the CIA is the NCS and
inside the NCS is the special Activities
Division inside the SI d of the Special
Operations Group in the political action
group and inside the SOG and the P AG
are our spies operatives known as core
collectors they are our Russian choking
martini shaking fake mustache wearing
honest-to-god spies most are hand-picked
from the military Special Operations
Forces they've gone through the NCS
clandestine training program they're the
elite of the elite and they're accepting
applications so you can apply good luck
with that
if you found this episode informative
and you want daily videos from us please
subscribe this show is new we need all
the support we can get if you'd like to
see more test-tube content hit the other
box now and we will call up a video for
you thanks for watching and please let
us know in the comments what you think
about this video or anything else the
time
