you probably know by now that Russia is
hosting the World Cup and you may have
seen or heard how it helps Russia
restore their pretty complicated image
around the globe but what you may not
have heard is what's going on inside
Russia during the tournament and how a
huge Enterprise like this beloved
international sporting event can
actually pad the pockets of Putin's
friends that's what we're gonna dive
into today and some of you guys gave me
a pretty hard time after the last
episode for daring to bring politics
into the World Cup but bear with me
people we're dealing with facts for
example did you know that on the opening
day of the World Cup the Russian
government announced a plan to raise the
retirement age across the country by
five extra years for men and eight years
for women many Russian people were
outraged but that outrage was barely
heard and the Russian national team's
surprising round of 16 win over the
football giant Spain was certainly a
welcome distraction for the government
there were planned protests against the
new retirement age in 30 different
cities on July 1st but none of those
protests were allowed to happen and any
of the World Cup host cities and they
were soon superseded by celebrations
across the nation over that surprise win
anyway Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov
took the opportunity to compare the
football triumph to how Russia
celebrated the end of World War two
seriously what might also be interesting
to those Russians protesting and to
Russia watchers around the world are the
details of how the government uses big
events like the World Cup or the Sochi
Olympics to make the rich even richer
I spoke to journalist Oliver below who
was researched and written about
corruption in this part of the world for
a long time about how this all works he
told me one major challenge and knowing
the true amount of money spent on the
World Cup or where it's been spent or
who what's going to is the lack of
transparency about contracts and
government records in Russia the US has
the president who won't release his tax
returns
Russia has a president and a government
who make it very very hard for
independent watchdogs to investigate
their finances it's hard to know I mean
we may never really get an accurate
estimate of how much money has been
spent or made because of that
record-keeping to be honest I I don't
think even within a within even though
billion or two we won't know margined
yeah I mean you know that they've just
hidden it away it's done it's dusted you
know that again the difference between
this and the Sochi games was the Sochi
games was all taking place within a very
small area really everything was in one
place whereas in this you've got you
know a stadium being built in in
Kaliningrad which is you know in in the
middle of the European Union a bit of
Russia is surrounded by the EU and then
all the way over to the you know to the
Volga so down to Sochi artists and
Petersburg it's it's a really broad
expanse and you know the Russian civil
society has taken a real beating in the
last six seven eight years it is
possible that everything's brilliant
that everyone who worked and all these
stadiums including the North Koreans who
worked in the stadium in San Petersburg
that everyone got paid an enormous
amount of money and they're all happy
and everything's wonderful and it's
perfectly possible that all the
construction contracts were totally
legal and legitimate and all that but
it's weird if that is the case that that
hasn't been in some way advertised
normally if you hide things like this
that is certainly indicative of a
measure of shadiest if not a very large
quantity of shadings those contracts are
often inflated right by very hard in
very difficult circumstances to shed a
bit of light on this process there's no
one checking all of this this isn't
there isn't a sort of a single item on
the balance sheet saying money being
spent on the World Cup it's sort of Road
expenditure in Mordovia and region of
the Russian Federation there no one has
time really to go and look at every
single line to find out where the money
is hidden so yes you know I don't think
it's a sort of insane crazy smokers bird
of corruption like the Sochi Olympics
was just because there was much more
money in Russia then but it's still I
think you know a hundred percent certain
that some people who are very good
friends with Putin have made a very good
living out of building the stadiums and
doing the various contracts for this
games is interesting you said you think
it's it's probably a smaller level of
corruption than Sochi because I thought
one of the one of the sources in your
article had said that it would be more
when the championship was awarded in
2010 I think probably everyone was
licking their lips and saying you know
Sachi was the appetizer and this is
going to be the main course
but then 2014 happened Russia annexed
Crimea and invaded eastern Ukraine then
their Western sanctions the ruble lost
half of its value against major Western
currencies that basically meant there's
just much less money to steal you know
there's obviously these money to steal
he's always money to steal right but
there's no yeah the kind of money to
steal that there wasn't such he that was
just a you know and all-you-can-eat
buffet for corrupt officials whereas
whereas this is you know it's more of a
kind of you know a tasting menu for
corrupt officials it's still nice you
know it's a limited quantity obviously
Putin's friends are benefiting but do
you think Hooten himself is benefiting
financially like personally obviously
not with the Kremlin assets but his
personal I don't think Russia really
works that way when Putin's friends
benefit Putin benefits because
essentially if he wants something he
just asked for it and they give it to
him so right right their current account
so his current accounts their checking
accounts of his checking accounts their
stuff is his stuff a welcome to Russia
what Oliver said about how Putin's
friend stuff is essentially also his
stuff it's a good distillation of the
way that bribery corruption and
favoritism works in Russia don't forget
to check out part one of our interview
where we discuss how Russia landed the
hosting rights to the World Cup in the
first place and how it led to a
corruption investigation that ended up
taking down several members of the FIFA
Executive Team it's a fascinating story
and it leads into how the next host
country is Qatar a nation that gets so
hot in the summer they actually decided
to host the World Cup in November 2022
stay tuned for more from the Russia desk
