over a million people in South Sudan are
risk of severe hunger again it is
obviously important day one yeah you
know something like food whatever my
hunger has always been an issue for the
young country the link between it and
conflict means that more South Sudanese
are hungry now more than ever before so
for this episode of now this world we've
come to the Kakuma refugee camp in
northern Kenya just 80 miles away from
South Sudan's border to speak to
refugees who recently fled the country
we see children who are malnourished you
see adults who are not getting the right
amount of nutrition hunger isn't a new
issue for this country has experienced
mass waves of drought famine and severe
hunger as recently as 2017 but these
issues have only been exacerbated by the
country's civil war in 2013 just two
years after South Sudan became
independent then President Salva Kiir
dissolved his entire cabinet and accused
then vice president Riek Machar of
planning a failed coup Salva Kiir is an
ethnic Dinka the country's largest group
while Matar is from nuaire the second
largest community the political quarrel
eventually turned into ethnic violence
the fighting has displaced over 4
million South Sudanese exacerbated human
needs and halted relief operations as
fighting between groups spreads across
the country it hasn't only prevented the
transportation of food but harvesting in
general
anything you want right now away that's
why we've been thoughtful one challenge
the nation faces every year are the
seasons South Sudanese rely on the dry
season for the harvest and refer to the
rainy season as the hunger season
because it's the time when they rely on
store food before the next harvest up to
95 percent of people in South Sudan are
dependent on climate sensitive
activities for their livelihoods like
agriculture forestry resources and
fisheries
some experts blame climate change Frank
reached drought and flooding which
inundated the lowlands and afflicted the
highlands in addition to climate issues
infrastructure is also a significant
issue for the country which makes food
transportation nearly impossible during
certain seasons there is no Road and
then even there there isn't Road rainy
season it's impossible because it's not
perfect road that everyone is thinking
it's quite muddy so the car cannot go if
you have a food which is available in
Juba and if you wanted to take it to
Benton you will not be able to do this
because there is no way that you can
carry the food yet to this problem that
some people come and attack you and burn
your crops and that has made this year's
harvest the smallest on record since the
country was formed in 2011 in January
this year when harvests were supposed to
be plentiful in the country 1 million
people were already food insecure a 40
percent increase from the same time last
year
so surah nisa all crisis so that is
enough food completely well yes breaking
what yeah just like that so that is how
we survive a group say that if funding
and awareness remain low in this crisis
7.1 million South Sudanese are projected
to face severe food insecurity during
this year's hunger season and consistent
fighting has also crippled South Sudan's
economy making the food that is
available in the country increasingly
unaffordable in 2018 over 4 million
South Sudanese were displaced due to
hunger and war while a large number of
displaced people relocate to other parts
of South Sudan some are forced to seek
refuge in neighboring countries like
Uganda Ethiopia and he
and Kenya even when refugees make it to
places like Kakuma they often find harsh
living conditions in the camps that
don't have enough resources to
accommodate them
we're here at cocoons reception center
to meet with new arrivals from South
Sudan this is the place where they
become refugees I spoke to an aid worker
who was here in 2014 after the war broke
out
so here in Kakuma reception center we
had over a thousand people coming in
every day and it was really sad to see
hundreds of people seated on the ground
not enough space to accommodate them not
enough space in the camp to have them
move so they would stay here for months
until a place could be found for them to
stay in the camps there are over 180,000
refugees in Kakuma and over 50% are from
South Sudan and they're the only ones
who get instant refugee status and that
is because the South Sudan situation is
known globally as the largest crisis
we're facing right now in the region and
so whenever a South Sudanese person
crosses a border into a country they're
automatically treated as a refugee this
southern Sudanese mostly are children
and mothers whom they flee because of
conflict that are being affected that is
being experienced in their home country
especially there our company knows the
answer protect children
then I can be alone on my brother
standard but damn bring my Nana even
when these refugees make it into the
camps hunger is still an issue for them
just last year eight organizations had
to cut refugee food rations in Kenya by
30 percent due to a lack of adequate
funding so people say that okay yeah
it's Africa it's the same thing over and
over again without knowledge in what's
actually going on but as I said think
about the children think about the
mother and then they're the victim
they're not fighting they're the victim
if the fun thing is cutting that means
the less food for those vulnerable less
assistant for those of honorable the UN
refugee agency says it needs 841 million
u.s. dollars to address this crisis but
only 8% of that 69 million has been
received one thing that I can definitely
tell you is don't forget South Sudanese
they are just like you their mother and
children who want to survive that's all
they want
if it become peaceful I will go back to
South Sudan's but as long as now it's
still the way the existing so I will not
go back I don't have any hopes if we
pole size teams shouting in South Sudan
over the past few years a number of
peace talks have been held with little
results although ending the war may not
solve all the food insecurity issues in
the country one thing is clear the war
ending would be a step in the right
direction
hey guys so as you saw in this video
South Sudan is one of the most prominent
refugee crisis of our time but what are
some of the other refugee crisis is that
you want us to be paying attention to
comment below and let us know
