my fellow Americans today I want to
update the world on our efforts to
prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear
weapon the Iranian regime is the leading
state sponsor of terror it exports
dangerous missiles fuels conflicts
across the Middle East
and supports terrorist proxies and
militias such as Hezbollah Hamas the
Taliban and al-qaeda over the years Iran
and it's proxies have bombed American
embassies and military installations
murdered hundreds of American
servicemembers and kidnapped imprisoned
and tortured American citizens the
Iranian regime has funded its long reign
of chaos and terror by plundering the
wealth of its own people no action taken
by the regime has been more dangerous
than its pursuit of nuclear weapons and
the means of delivering them in 2015 the
previous administration joined with
other nations in a deal regarding Iran's
nuclear program this agreement was known
as the joint comprehensive plan of
action or jcpoa in theory the so-called
Iran deal was supposed to protect the
United States and our allies from the
lunacy of an Iranian nuclear bomb a
weapon that will only endanger the
survival of the Iranian regime in fact
the deal allowed or rent to continue
enriching uranium and overtime reach the
brink of a nuclear breakout the deal
lifted crippling economic sanctions on
Iran in exchange for very weak limits on
the regime's
nuclear activity and no limits at all
when it's other malign behavior
including its sinister activities in
Syria Yemen and other places all around
the world in other words at the point
when the United States had maximum
leverage this disastrous deal gave this
regime and it's a regime of great terror
many billions of dollars some of it in
actual cash a great embarrassment to me
as a citizen and to all citizens of the
United States a constructive deal could
easily have been struck at the time but
it wasn't at the heart of the Iran deal
was a giant fiction that a murderous
regime desired only a peaceful nuclear
energy program today we have definitive
proof that this Iranian promise was a
lie last week Israel published
intelligence documents long concealed by
Iran conclusively showing the Iranians
regime and its history of pursuing
nuclear weapons the fact is this was a
horrible one-sided deal that should have
never ever been made it didn't bring
calm it didn't bring peace and it never
will in the years since the deal was
reached Iran's military budget has grown
by almost 40% while its economy is doing
very badly after the sanctions were
lifted the dictatorship used its new
funds to build nuclear capable missiles
support terrorism and caused havoc
throughout the Middle East and beyond
the agreement was so poorly negotiated
that even if Iran fully complies the
regime can still be on the verge of a
nuclear breakout in just a short period
of time
the deal sunset provisions are totally
unacceptable if I allowed this deal to
stand there would soon be a nuclear arms
race in the Middle East everyone would
want their weapons ready by the time
Iran had theirs making matters worse the
deals inspection provisions lacked
adequate mechanisms to prevent detect
and punish cheating and don't even have
the unqualified right to inspect many
important locations including military
facilities not only does the deal fail
to halt Iran's nuclear ambitions but it
also fails to address the regime's
development of ballistic missiles that
could deliver nuclear warheads finally
the deal does nothing to constrain
Iran's destabilizing activities
including its support for terrorism
since the agreement iran's bloody
ambitions have grown only more brazen in
light of these glaring flaws i announced
last october that the Iran deal must
either be renegotiated or terminated
three months later on January 12th I
repeated these conditions I made clear
that if the deal could not be fixed the
United States would no longer be a party
to the agreement over the past few
months we have engaged extensively with
our allies and partners around the world
including France Germany and the United
Kingdom
we have also consulted with our friends
from across the Middle East we are
unified in our understanding of the
threat and in our conviction that Iran
must never acquire a nuclear weapon
after these consultations it is clear to
me that we cannot prevent an
rain e'en nuclear bomb under the
decaying and rotten structure of the
current agreement the Iran deal is
defective
at its core if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen in just a short
period of time the world's leading state
sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of
acquiring the world's most dangerous
weapons therefore I am announcing today
that the United States will withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal in a few
moments I will sign a presidential
memorandum to begin reinstating u.s.
nuclear sanctions on the Iranian regime
we will be instituting the highest level
of economic sanction any nation that
helps Iran in its quest for nuclear
weapons could also be strongly saddened
by the United States America will not be
held hostage to nuclear blackmail we
will not allow American cities to be
threatened with destruction and we will
not allow a regime the chance death to
America to gain access to the most
deadly weapons on earth today's action
sends a critical message the United
States no longer makes empty threats
when I make promises I keep them in fact
at this very moment secretary Pompeo is
on his way to North Korea in preparation
for my upcoming meeting with Kim jong-un
plans are being made relationships are
building hopefully a deal will happen
and with the help of China South Korea
and Japan a future of great prosperity
and security can be achieved for
everyone as we exit the Iran deal we
will be working with our allies
to find a real comprehensive and lasting
solution to the Iranian nuclear threat
this will include efforts to eliminate
the threat of Iran's ballistic missile
program to stop its terrorist activities
worldwide and to block its menacing
activity across the Middle East
in the meantime powerful sanctions will
go into full effect if the regime
continues its nuclear aspirations it
will have bigger problems than it has
ever had before finally I want to
deliver a message to the long-suffering
people of Iran the people of America
stand with you it has now been almost 40
years since this dictatorship seized
power and took a proud nation hostage
most of Iran's 80 million citizens have
sadly never known an Iran that prospered
in peace with its neighbors and
commanded the admiration of the world
but the future of Iran belongs to its
people
they are the rightful heirs to a rich
culture and an ancient land and they
deserve a nation that does justice to
their dreams honor to their history and
glory to God
Iran's leaders will naturally say that
they refused to negotiate a new deal
they refused and that's fine I'd
probably say the same thing if I was in
their position but the fact is they are
going to want to make a new and lasting
deal one that benefits all of Iran and
the Iranian people when they do I am
ready willing and able great things can
happen for Iran and great things can
happen for the peace and stability that
we all want in the Middle East
there has been enough suffering death
and destruction let it end now thank you
god bless you thank you
thank you very much this will make thank
you very much thank you
Secretary of Pompeo is right now going
to North Korea will be there very
shortly the matter of virtual probably
an hour
who's got meeting set up we have our
meeting scheduled we have our meeting
set the location is picked the time and
date everything is picked and we look
forward to our very great success we
think relationships are building with
North Korea we'll see how it all works
out maybe it will maybe it won't but it
can be a great thing for North Korea
South in Japan and the entire world we
hope it all works out thank you very
much
what message does this send to North
Korea mr. president
you
