a new era is dawning on Cuba on April
19th Cuba's National Assembly came
together to officially elect the
nation's next president it was a second
leadership change in the communist
country since 1959 and for the first
time in nearly six decades the new
leader isn't a Castro
I'm Judah with now this world and in
today's episode we're looking back at
the Castro's legacy and asking the
question what's next for Cuba first in
order to know where they're headed let's
start with where they've been Fidel
Castro Fidel Castro first came to power
in 1959 after orchestrating a coup that
ousted the nation's us-backed dictator
soon after Castro took control of Cuba
located just over 100 miles off the
shores of the United States he
established the first communist state in
the Western Hemisphere
during the 1960's the Republic of Cuba
continued to align itself with the
Soviet Union a move that raised a lot of
red flags in the United States Castro
also allowed the Soviet Union to begin
secretly storing nuclear capable
ballistic missiles in Cuba eventually
the missiles were removed from the
island but tensions with its neighbor to
the north would remain high the United
States broke off all diplomatic ties to
the island nation and imposed a number
of sanctions which officially banned all
trade and commercial activity between
the nations that embargo negatively
affected the economic and social lives
of Cubans Castro's rule didn't only have
international implications it also
affected domestic affairs he set up a
one-party political system taking
control of every aspect of Cuban life
expanding the nation's social services
to everyone free of charge according to
Human Rights Watch Castro also had a
track record of repression during his
rule thousands of Cubans were
incarcerated and quote abysmal prisons
thousands were harassed an entire
generation lacked basic political
freedom in his one-party country his
policies also led to an exodus of Cubans
to the United States after Castro began
confiscating lands many upper and middle
class people fled the nation human
residents were also caught off from the
outside world
he banned all information flow into and
out of the country
and this is how the people of Cuba lived
for nearly five decades under Fidel in
2006 when his health began to decline he
provisionally turned over power to his
brother Raul in 2008 Fidel Castro
officially resigned and handed the
presidency over to his younger brother
although Raul was considered a hardline
communist some experts viewed him as a
more pragmatic leader than his older
brother and those experts might have
been right just a few months and he had
lifted a nationwide ban on the private
ownership of mobile phones and computers
announced a reversal of a policy that
mandated equal pay for all and cut back
restrictions on the amount of private
farms Cubans could own in addition to
all of this he also began to take a
softer approach to dissent in his
country instead of long prison terms
that Fidel implemented for protesters
Raul changed the state's policy to today
in protesters for a few hours or days
rather than years in prison he also
limited the amount of time government
leaders could serve in 2011 he called
for two five-year term limits for senior
government and party officials he also
made the historic decision to establish
diplomatic relations with the United
States and welcome then US President
Barack Obama to Cuba for a state visit
it was the first time a sitting US
president visited the island nation
since Fidel's 1959 revolution borrows
presidency hasn't only been one of
progress under his rule the nation's
economy has also grown at a rather slow
pace as Raul's last term comes to a
close many Cubans hope his successor can
follow through on the reforms he was
unable to complete which brings us back
to today in the nations election that
just took place on April 19th then Vice
President and Castro loyalist Miguel
Diaz Cano was selected by the nation's
legislative body the National Assembly
to become the next president of Cuba but
what exactly could his presidency mean
for the island little is known about how
much Diaz canal will change the island
nation or if he'll run the nation the
way it's been running for the last 59
years while he was previously seen as a
moderate who once said he'd be more
responsive to the public's concerns just
last year a video from a high-level
communist meeting was leaked where he
was heard lashing out against political
dissidents the
and foreign embassies diploma for
example of gusu plataforma digitalis muy
elegante lamasery
SML a candle or guess again I'm white
okay young consensual cow mundo sang-soo
don't move he's also not expected to
ease tensions with the u.s. either
he recently rejected the u.s. s demands
to change its economic and political
systems and while he will be the first
non Castro president in over fifty nine
years Raul Castro will remain the
Secretary of the Communist Party for the
years to come the position that wields
just as much influence as the presidency
in the country so what do you think will
Cuba's new president via force for
change or will he implement more of the
same policies of the last six decades
thanks for watching now this world and
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more every week
