abdel fattah el seesi rose from a
low-level military officer to the leader
of the most populous country in the Arab
world Cece has been the president of
Egypt since 2014 after overthrowing the
nation's first democratically elected
government and in March he extended his
rule at least another four years after
the country helping the election that
critics say was neither free nor fair
hey guys I'm Judah with now this world
and today we're looking back at Egyptian
president Abdel Fattah al-sisi s rise to
power
Sisi was born in 1954 in Cairo Egypt he
grew up in the gamellia neighborhood to
a particularly affluent and religiously
conservative family his father Syed el
seesi was a shop owner in the local
bazaar and was one of the neighborhood's
wealthiest men as well as the biggest
employer in the area neighbors of the
Sisi say that Syed was a stern and
intimidating figure who always dressed
in a suit in time unlike most locals
this sternness had a particularly on
young abdel fattah old friends of the
young CCE said he was incredibly
athletic he would do sets of push-ups
and between reading passages of a book
and jump up and down stairs so he could
build his calf muscles he also became an
extremely disciplined person friends
even recall that Sisi would punish
himself when he felt that he did wrong
reportedly he once even shaved his own
head after getting in trouble for
something his father deemed
inappropriate this drive and intensity
laid the foundations for his goal of one
day joining the military military
service in Egypt is required for most
men when they come of age but for CC he
didn't want to just join because he had
to Sisi joined because he viewed the
army as the best way for him to achieve
greatness something he had dreamed about
for some time literally in one of his
dreams
Sisi recalls telling Anwar Sadat the
former president of Egypt that one day
he'd be President - in his 20s Sisi dove
into his studies and graduated from the
Egyptian military academy in 1977 before
serving in the infantry
eventually he went on to study at
military academies in the United Kingdom
and the United States he specialized in
military intelligence and began to rise
through the ranks he became a decorated
military officer serving as a military
attache in Saudi Arabia and then the
commander of Egypt's northern military
zone under present
Hosni Mubarak in 2008 in 2010 he was
appointed to become the Director of
National Intelligence which essentially
made him the nation's top spy with this
appointment Sisi became the youngest
serving member of an elite governing
military body called SCAF or the Supreme
Council of the Armed Forces everything
seemed to be moving along in his favor
but then in 2011 something would happen
that would change the course of Egyptian
history it was January 2011 when a
civilian uprising dubbed the Arab Spring
swept through Egypt hundreds of
thousands of people flooded into Cairo's
Tahrir Square to protest against poverty
unemployment corruption and a three
decade rule of autocratic leader Hosni
Mubarak it was an open secret in Egypt
that Mubarak was grooming his younger
son Kamal to become the nation's next
leader because the move was unpopular
among the Egyptian citizens Sisi knew
the day would come when the military
would have to part ways with Mubarak but
the Arab Spring made that day come
sooner than he originally expected On
February 11th of that same year the mass
demonstrations culminated in the ousting
of the longtime ruler Mubarak and when
Mubarak stepped down the military
stepped in the move would bring Sisi one
step closer to his lifelong dream of
being an influential leader the military
institution declared it would run
Egypt's government only until an elected
civilian government took shape during
this time Sisi would continue to serve
in his role as the nation's spy chief
and member of SCAF which now seemed
poised to take control of the country at
least for the short term scoff chairman
at the time Hussein Tantawi became the
nation's de facto leader during this
transition of power and Sisi would
position himself behind tantowi
as he prepared himself to one day lead
the nation but the elections of the
military promised its citizens didn't
turn out the way they had hoped in early
2012 Egypt held parliamentary elections
that elected the Muslim Brotherhood an
Islamist political party that had long
been at odds with the military
the Brotherhood won a resounding 47
percent of seats in parliament this
election marked a monumental shift in
Egyptian politics where for the first
time power seemed to be transferring to
the Islamists and away from the military
but this wouldn't last too long in May
2012 Egyptians once again headed to the
polls this time to elect their new
president the front-runner was Mohamed
Morsi a member of the Brotherhood but
when the Brotherhood's political victory
all but seems certain the military
intervened two days before the final
round of the presidential elections the
nation's Supreme Constitutional Court
made up of military aligned judges
dissolve the Brotherhood led Parliament
the move made one thing clear elections
wouldn't in the long-standing divisions
between the military and the Brotherhood
but rather put them on a direct path of
confrontation Morsi went on to win the
election and surprisingly the military
including Sisi appeared to accept the
results and recognized him as the
president-elect but the struggle between
these two groups was far from over
Sisi would soon find himself in a
national spotlight after Morsi took
office and attack in each of Sinai
region left 16 soldiers dead Morsi used
the attack to force the resignation of
several military officials including
Scott Chairman Hussein Tantawi and he
replaced him with none other than Abdel
Fattah el-sisi this was the moment Sisi
had been waiting for for so long he
finally made it to the very top of the
military becoming the new Minister of
Defense and commander-in-chief but after
a year in those roles
CiCi's aspirations took on a new form
politics Mohamed morsi's presidency was
by no means a success he only achieved
10 out of the 64 campaign promises
within the first 100 days of his
presidency and because of that one year
after Morsi assumed office up to 500,000
people gathered in Tahrir Square again
this time demanding the removal of Morsi
from office and for early elections to
take place during this time CeCe's
popularity began to rise among anti-war
protesters and they called for him to
overthrow the Brotherhood's government
on July 1st 2013 Sisi issued an
ultimatum to Morsi he told him to step
down within 48 hours or face a military
coup but Morsi was defiant and refused
to step down on July 3rd 2013 the
military followed through on their
threat they arrested Morsi and suspended
the nation's Constitution and just like
that
she had become the de facto leader of
Egypt although some condemned the move
as the end of a short-lived democracy in
the country Sisi claimed he was just
executing the will of the people but
Morsi supporters disagreed they took to
the streets of Cairo to protest the
military coup that ousted their
president tens of thousands of his
supporters formed encampments in Cairo
but Sisi wasn't going to be deterred
under CeCe's leadership on August 14th
2013 Egyptian security forces stormed
one of those encampments and killed at
least 817 protesters an investigation by
Human Rights Watch concluded that
security forces intentionally killed
protesters making it the worst
politically motivated attacked by a
government since the 1989 Tiananmen
Square killings in China the human
rights group said that the massacre was
quote the worst mass killing in modern
Egyptian history but that didn't stop
the military establishment from putting
its full support behind Sisi the man
they wanted to become the next president
on March 24th 2014
Sisi took steps to make his leadership
official he resigned from the military
and announced his candidacy for
president he was considered the only
viable candidate in the election and won
with over 96 percent of the vote that
following May Sisi had finally achieved
his dream of becoming president but now
that CC has the power he's always wanted
the world will be watching to see how
long he tries to hold on to it so you
just watched the story of how Abdel
Fattah el-sisi roasts the ranks in the
military to eventually become the
president of Egypt but who are some
other world leaders you'd like us to
profile next and why let us know what
you think in the comments below thanks
for watching now this world and please
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more every week
