immigration is currently one of the
hottest topics across the world sparking
a global debate about how countries
should handle the influx of legal and
illegal immigrants some countries like
Germany and Sweden have opened up their
borders while other countries like the
United States have begun closing theirs
but with over 65 million people fleeing
from wars and natural disasters we
wanted to look at some of the legal ways
people have immigrated to the United
States in the past hey guys I'm Judith
this is now this world and today we're
going to talk about the differences
between temporary protected status and
refugee status which are two legal ways
that people can gain legal status in the
u.s. when escaping crisis in their
homeland it's important to know the
differences between these humanitarian
categories because someone's status can
determine how long they can legally stay
in the US let's start with temporary
protected status most recently temporary
protected status or TPS made headlines
when the White House announced it would
be stripping provisional residency
permits away from roughly 200,000
Salvadorans 59 thousand Haitians and
2,500 Nicaraguans these are only three
of the ten countries currently
designated in this program under TPS
foreign nationals are allowed to
temporarily stay in the US if the
Secretary of Homeland Security finds
that conditions in their home country
such as Wars environmental disasters and
epidemics would pose a threat to their
safety if they were to return in other
words in order to be eligible for TPS
you have to be a citizen of one of these
countries on the list and you must be
escaping for rindas conditions in your
country in other cases you may also be
eligible if your nation list but last
resided in one of the countries on the
list this status is reserved for those
already in the states whether legally or
illegally but it's important to know
that this status by itself is not a path
to permanent residency in the US nor
does it last forever as a name implies
the federal government continues to
monitor conditions in the country and
decide of the country should stay on the
list some people have been in the u.s.
under protected status for over 20 years
but in cases like El Salvador TPS was
stripped for Salvadorans after the
Secretary of Homeland Security
determined that quote original
conditions caused by the 2001
earthquakes no longer exist
so that's CPS in a nutshell let's go on
to another immigration status being a
refugee in the United States refugee
status as a form of protection that's
granted to foreign nationals that can
demonstrate that they've been quote
persecuted or fear they will be
persecuted on the account of race
religion nationality and/or membership
in a particular social group or
political opinion that's a key
difference between TPS and refugee
status where one concentrates on
temporary conditions in a region the
other concentrates on long-term
conditions that foreign citizens may
face for example in 2014 the United
States has granted refugee status to
nearly 50,000 people from Myanmar who
have been escaping conflict and
religious persecution another difference
between refugee status and TPS is that
in order to qualify as a refugee in the
US you must be outside of the country
while attempting to gain the status
meaning this designation is not for
those already in the country but if
you're already inside the United States
or are at a port of entry in the US and
you meet the definition of a refugee you
can apply for what's called asylum
asylum seekers are essentially refugees
that apply for protected status once
they already arrived in the US according
to the Department of Homeland Security
and 2016 the most recent numbers
available the majority of people who
were granted asylum in the US were from
China the biggest difference between TPS
and refugee status is that there is a
path to citizenship for Refugees and
even asylum seekers citizens from one of
the countries I mentioned earlier al
Salvador will no longer have temporary
protected status starting in 2019 but
conditions in the country are still very
dangerous but why find out in this video
to the right thanks for watching now
this world and please don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more every week
