China's highest ring of leadership in
the Communist Party has never included a
woman and yet one of China's most famous
leaders responsible for some of its
biggest advances in religion and social
class welfare was actually the country's
only female ruler Wu Zetian
in both her climb to the top and
subsequent leadership wu was known for
her ruthless and brutal methods
she used a secret police force and
executed many high-ranking members of
government even large portions of her
own family
she also elevated Buddhism over Taoism
and emphasized education during her rule
but since her reign in the seventh
century no female has unilaterally ruled
over China still numerous cultural
institutions minimizing or harming women
have been ended for example foot-binding
which was the practice of tightly
binding women's feet so that they appear
smaller this practice was outlawed in
the early 20th century and in 2016 the
country's one-child only policy finally
ended this policy explicitly favored
male children over female and may have
contributed to a significant imbalance
of men and women in China the one-child
only policy was partially the result of
Communist Party's social planning and
while ultimately disastrous for women
other communist policies have seen mixed
results for example labor rates in the
country are exceptionally high with the
rate of women in the workforce nearly as
high as it is for men on the other hand
China has one of the worst wage gaps
worldwide with women making about 65
percent of what men make additionally
women comprise almost exactly half of
tertiary education students and
graduates a huge increase from previous
decades but even this improvement in
educational standards has rippling
cultural effects educated women are less
likely to be married and on average wait
longer for marriage as its culturally
accepted that men be more educated than
women and that's a problem because older
women in China are seen as
unmarriageable and shunned in society
even the country's Ministry of Education
defines unmarried women over 27 as quote
leftover women the government has
allegedly encouraged the term
specifically to shun these women but the
government has also improved marriage
laws most significantly in 2001 the new
marriage law removed many restrictions
for divorce giving women more power for
example making infidelity a legitimate
reason for divorce these efforts have
led to a shifting culture in China one
where although women are not in the
highest positions of government they may
be again one shining hope is the
country's vice premier Liu Yandong
one of only two women in the entire
Politburo and the country's highest
ranked female politician view overseas
health education and athletics many
believe that she may ultimately end up
joining the inner circle of the highest
committee in government making her the
first-ever female member and giving a
voice to women from the most important
decision-making group in the country if
this does indeed occur it will show
China's dedication to writing many of
its wrongs against women after 35 years
China loosened its one-child policy so
how is the policy impacted the nation's
population after all this time find out
by watching our video here women are
often pressured into having abortions if
pregnant with a second child as the
penalty ranges from a fine to even
losing your job
in 2013 China's Health Ministry revealed
that more than 300 million abortions had
been performed to maintain the one-child
policy thanks for watching seeker daily
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
