separatist movements are nothing new
around the world groups identifying
through culture religion race and other
collectives have sought either full
autonomy sovereignty or independence
from existing nations in fact most
countries are the products of separatist
or secession movements stemming from the
days when empires controlled huge
portions of the world today there are
still many separatist movements so we
wanted to know who's fighting for
independence in 2017 well in spite of
global empires being a relic of the past
there are still an estimated 100
separatist movements in an overwhelming
majority of countries one of the most
active in 2017 is the Catalan
independence movement Catalonia is a
region in northeast Spain and is home to
seven and a half million people they
have their own language Catalan their
own culture distinct from Spain and even
a sort of autonomous government in the
early 1900's Catalonia was effectively a
separate state but with the rise of
fascist dictator Francisco Franco in
1939 any talk of autonomy or
independence was banned when Spain
adopted a democratic constitution in the
late 1970s Catalonia was established as
an autonomous but still centrally
controlled state on October 1st 2017
roughly 90% of Catalan voters agreed
that they wanted to become a separate
Republic this referendum was ruled
illegal by the European Commission and
considered a constitutional violation by
Spain's government Spain even sent in a
militarized police force to prevent the
vote from occurring nonetheless Catalans
Parliament declared its independence on
October 27th 2017 to which the Spanish
Prime Minister reacted by dissolving the
Catalan Parliament this extreme tension
between the Spanish government and the
people of Catalonia
has led to violent clashes between
protesters and Spanish law enforcement
and in spite of their declaration
neither Spain nor any other sovereign
nation has recognized the region's
independence another European region
seeking their own autonomy is Scotland
from the United Kingdom while Scotland
was once its own sovereign state in the
Middle Ages it joined with England in
the early 1600s in what was called the
union of the Crown's now technically
Scotland is a country with its own
Parliament but it has limited powers
within the scope
the United Kingdom which has direct
control over not only Scotland but also
England Wales and Northern Ireland in
2014 a national referendum was held to
determine whether or not Scotland would
separate and become an independent
country at the time roughly 55 percent
of respondents voted to state part of
the UK settling the question for the
time being however just two years later
the United Kingdom as a whole narrowly
voted to leave the European Union while
roughly 62 percent of Scotland voted to
remain this raised the question again
and in the aftermath of the brexit vote
Scotland's First Minister voiced the
country's intention to remain in the EU
and that a second referendum was highly
likely in response the British Prime
Minister dismissed the idea of
independence sparking a renewed
separatist push and plans for Scotland
referendum to occur in either late 2018
or early 2019 finally one of the most
active and violent independence
movements is in the Middle East and it's
recently seen a massive reversal an area
known as Kurdistan covering regions of
Turkey Iraq Iran Syria and Armenia is
marked by an ethnic population known as
the Kurds they have their own culture
language and have sought autonomy since
the Ottoman Empire while Syrian Kurds
were able to take over portions of Syria
due to the civil war and faltering
government the most controversial
portion is in Iraq Iraqi Kurdistan is a
Rock's only autonomous region and it has
its own government and Parliament but in
September of 2017 the region held a vote
seeking independence with more than 92
percent support in response the Iraqi
government began taking over Kurdish
territory in late October the leader of
Iraqi Kurdistan agreed to step down and
hand over autonomy to the Iraqi
government with almost no possibility of
actuating the referendum without the
approval of Iraq in the past year these
three regions have seen the most action
in their fight for independence but with
their governments unwilling to give up
control there's no telling what kind of
violence or disorder the struggle for
sovereignty will ultimately spark so
clearly seeking independence is a
hard-fought battle with limited chances
of success but how hard is it to just
start a brand new country you can find
out in this video
the right thanks for watching now this
world don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more episodes just like this every
week
