in August 2017 thousands of Rohan the
militant staged a coordinated attack
that killed 12 security officers in
Myanmar's border state of her kind the
attack sparked a bloody and brutal
crackdown by the Burmese military on the
Rohtang of people in Myanmar reports
surfaced that members of the military
were even killing and raping the RO
hanga and even burning their villages to
the ground this wave of violence sent
more than 400,000 roa henkka fleeing
across the border to bangladesh sparking
what some are calling the
fastest-growing refugee crisis in the
world one UN official has even called
the violence against the minority group
a textbook example of ethnic cleansing
so who are the RO hanga and why are they
being targeted in the first place first
and foremost the RO hango are a
stateless people who have been rejected
almost everywhere they go they are an
ethnic group that speaks their own
language and are predominantly Muslim
living in a Buddhist majority nation
they were once the largest minority
group in Myanmar before it denied their
existence altogether Myanmar officially
recognizes 135 ethnic groups within its
borders but the RO hanga aren't one of
them the government of Myanmar denies
them citizenship and have even banned
the word ro hinga itself preferring to
call them Bengalis because of the
similarities in their language to people
from bangladesh the government of
Myanmar claims that the Ranga aren't
originally from the country and
illegally immigrated there during
British rule between 1824 and 1948 a
large number of people migrated to the
British colony from areas that are now
considered India and Bangladesh but
according to historians the minority
groups heritage can actually be traced
back to centuries to the ancient are
kind dynasty which was located where
were kind is now the tension between the
RO hanga and the burmese goes all the
way back to world war ii when they took
different sides in the war there were
all hanga supported British colonialism
when the burmese supported the japanese
who they thought would bring an end to
western imperialism in the country in
1962 Burma's military overthrew the
government in a coup and got rid of its
constitution establishing military rule
No
Hunta under the leadership of general me
when myanmar began embracing a new form
of national identity that was defined by
the burmese ethnicity and buddhist
religion this was a pivotal time when
the government officially began to treat
the RO hanga as outsiders this wave of
burmese nationalism led to the first
military campaign against the ro hinga
in 1978 with operation dragon king the
military claimed it was meant to combat
so-called foreigners who had invaded
workign now home to more than 1 million
ro hanga but it really targeted the
entire minority group during the
campaign nearly 250,000 ro hanga fled to
neighboring Bangladesh in 1991 the
military launched another offensive
literally called Operation clean and
beautiful nation which forced out
another 200,000 ro hanga then in 1982
Myanmar took a legislative action
against the Rohan ro the 1982
citizenship law officially established a
list of recognized ethnic groups in
Myanmar thorough hanga were excluded
from the list thus denying them
citizenship and the right to vote in the
country subsequent laws even forced the
Rohan get to gain government permission
to travel and marry there's still a
maximum two-child policy set in place
specifically for working of families
since then there have been numerous
assaults by the government of Myanmar
against the RO hanga the only thing
that's different between those and the
current assault is that the world is
paying attention
despite this Myanmar's Nobel
prize-winning leader Aung San su Chi's
response has ranged from slow at best to
outright denial that it's even happening
and while the international community
has strongly condemned the violence
they've also done little to actually put
pressure on the government of Myanmar to
halt its assault which has only
contributed to what is now the fastest
growing refugee crisis in the world in
1989 Burma changed its name to Myanmar
however many people still use both names
today which should you use find out in
this episode right here exploring the
history behind both names thanks for
watching now this world don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more episodes
like this every week
