in 2011 it was declared that Afghanistan
was one of the most dangerous places in
the world to be a woman but that wasn't
always the case in the 1960s and early
70s Afghanistan was often viewed as more
progressive than neighboring countries
when it came to women's rights back then
women were able to pursue an education
get a job and even vote but when Islamic
fundamentalist group the Taliban seized
control of the country in the mid 90s
everything changed why are women treated
the way they are allowing the culture
culture that existed for so many years
now is Paula Bronstein a photojournalist
who has spent the last 15 years
documenting life in Afghanistan with a
particular focus on women a group that
is once again
finding its voice as it strives to
distance itself from the Taliban
ideology this is a very conservative
culture in terms of Islam and the
thoughts and the feelings about what
kind of presence a woman has in society
when the Taliban took over in 1996 a
strict version of Islamic sharia law was
imposed across Afghanistan with a number
of laws specifically aimed at stripping
away the fundamental human rights of
women and girls bans were imposed on
women they couldn't even leave the house
without a male chaperone and were
required to wear a burqa so as not to
show any bare skin this obeying these
laws often meant brutal punishments and
the fear of reciprocation is still so
great that some women have continued to
abide by these laws even though the
Taliban was ousted from power back in
2001 they are so programmed to not being
seen hiding behind a burqa and then
somehow feeling like even my camera can
x-ray them
this was a challenge for paula however
over time she eventually started to gain
their confidence and Afghanistan you sit
down to have tea that's how you discuss
everything that's how you get to know
people it's the culture me being a
female photojournalist means I can get a
certain kind of access that perhaps male
photojournalist cannot Paula's unique
access allowed her to document a side of
Afghan life that is rarely seen by the
West there were so many women's issues
to document and and and stories to be
told poverty forced marriages many of
them being child brides the abuse that
goes on within the household that nobody
sees physical abuse mental abuse
domestic violence in general no one felt
it was important to have an educated
woman so quite a few of them are
illiterate low levels of literacy and
old social stigmas that surround the
idea of working women meant that the
majority of Afghan families rely almost
exclusively on a man's income however
the number of wars over the last three
decades has meant that many women had
been left widowed and without household
income what happens to women who don't
have a male who dictates their life
option is an uneducated woman who has to
try to feed for a kid how is she doing
it
limit issue is here's legacy of the war
the country discuss so many you know
permanent scars during the time in
Afghanistan
Paula did document some cultural shifts
in favor of women's rights in 2014 she
took these photos of young women
rallying fashion Afghani during the
presidential elections I really love the
fact that women had you know they were
in huge numbers without burkas waving
flag and it was just it was just kind of
a joyous occasion I love the energy of
the women that were that come out to
vote they were they were at rallies you
know they were just really involved I
felt like that's a positive kind of a
positive sign and there are other signs
that things might be changing albeit
slowly there are still many obstacles
the Taliban continues to be a strong
presence here and long-standing social
stigmas about women's rights are still a
problem for Paula it's hard to gauge how
long it will take for Afghan women to
truly stand on equal footing with men
but she does believe that the spirit to
make that change does exist among the
women she's met they really do show
amazing amounts of stamina and just
pure passion in to do what they want to
do in life
