globally there are more than 20 million
people seeking refugee status due to war
famine and domestic oppression with
international pressures mounting certain
countries like Turkey have taken in
millions others like the United States
have been criticized for limited
acceptance rates taking in nearly 85,000
people in 2016 but that same year Japan
only accepted 28 with such a low
acceptance rate we wanted to know why
doesn't Japan take in more refugees well
although many other countries have
embraced multiculturalism Japan is an
ethnically homogenous nation less than
2% of the population was born in a
foreign country even being born on
Japanese soil doesn't necessarily make
someone a citizen you must have at least
one Japanese parent to be granted full
citizenship and even if you do have a
Japanese parent you must renounce any
dual citizenship by the age of 22 in
late 2015 the country's Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe a rejected calls to take on
more refugees saying Japan must look
after its own people before accepting
immigrants so why does Japan take in any
refugees at all well as a signatory to
the United Nations 1951 Refugee
Convention Japan is required to assist
refugees with documentation and
naturalization but in spite of its
obligations under the treaty the
Japanese government has seemingly done
all it can to limit the acceptance rate
according to immigration officials so
many applications are denied because
some asylum seekers misrepresent their
status and are actually looking for work
rather than escaping persecution or fear
of their government others allegedly
don't understand the application process
or describe themselves inaccurately due
to the strict and limited definitions
used by the government to describe
refugees officials say only ten percent
of applicants list quote risk of
persecution by the government as a
reason for their refugee status but many
of these mistakes may stem from the fact
that there are thick packets of
documentation to submit in order to be
considered for asylum and all of these
documents must be submitted in Japanese
moreover Japan is a geographically
isolated island nation making it less
likely that refugees will be able to
travel to the country in the first place
most refugees from the Middle East tend
to settle in neighboring countries like
Turkey and in most cases are unable to
make it to Japan without a visa and a
plane ticket and while Japan doesn't
take in very many refugees
it does donate millions to the UN's
refugee agency in 2013 it was the second
largest donor giving more than two
hundred and fifty million dollars and as
of 2016 it still ranks in the top three
countries after the United States and
Germany most recently Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe a pledged nearly three
billion dollars over the following three
years to aid refugees globally but Japan
may actually need refugees and migrants
more than it thinks the country's
population is aging and its workforce is
shrinking as many as eighty three
percent of hiring managers have trouble
filling jobs to tackle this without
calling an immigration Japan has
temporarily allowed unskilled workers as
well as foreign students from countries
like Syria but this opening of doors is
against the backdrop of cultural fears
that foreigners will cause social unrest
and erode the national Japanese identity
like many other Asian cultures Japan
stresses a system of self-reliance with
the implication that Japanese people
should help other Japanese people first
and that foreign countries and cultures
should take care of their own a recent
poll found that only 18 percent of the
country believes refugee integration to
be a good idea well 46 percent oppose it
in an increasingly globalised world with
interconnected economies societies and
conflicts it may not be possible to
maintain such an isolated position while
Japan is reticent to accept refugees
other countries have taken in millions
just over the past few years to find out
which countries are hosting the most and
why they're willing to do it check out
this video right here thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe
