it's been over 50 years since Martin
Luther King jr. gave his famous I have a
dream speech on the steps of the Lincoln
Memorial an unprecedented number of
people journeyed to hear his words but
the march on Washington didn't have a
Facebook page a White House petition or
YouTube called action activists relied
on different means of communication to
make their voices heard seeker stories
takes a look at the ways technology is
influenced civil rights movements from
MLK to black lives matter dr. Carson
this is the historic march on Washington
of which you were a part we see you in
here and were probably vertebral grew
about 250,000 people marched on
Washington in August 1963 including
civil rights activists Clayborne Carson
it was one of many protests against
segregation and other forms of legal
discrimination during that era I was 19
years old I didn't tell my parents I was
going for me this was then but this long
overdue there was that sense of urgency
yeah definitely and that and that's what
Kings books were the urgency in that
that of the time when people get
frustrated that the slow pace of change
today more than 50 years later there
seems to be a new sense of urgency
images and videos of Mike Brown Eric
garner Sandra bland Freddie gray and
others sent shockwaves through
communities across the country and
inspired a new generation of activists
demanding justice one of the the moments
that really hit home for me was when
Trayvon Martin was killed Georgian
acquitted I saw
health and Trayvon Martin I was the kid
who every single day would walk home
stop at 7-eleven buy some candy and a
sweet pea
the reality that any moment somebody
could have come up attacked and kills me
and the justice system wouldn't have
done anything it hit home 25 year-old
Samson young way works with a team
called we the protesters to organize
activists and to use social media to
effect change
Sam you tweeted last year there were
protests in over 100 cities that hasn't
happened since 1965 it's a new civil
rights movement folks what would you say
is different about today's civil rights
movements one big key difference is the
use of technology how technology has
been an instrumental tool in bringing
folks together and scaling the work at a
pace that really was unheard of the
sixties the year since Mike Brown has
been killed seen over three times too
many protests happening as 1965 and so
this is a scale that really is unheard
of in American history
can you test me about organizing back in
nineteen sixties how did people organize
an effective grassroots movement mainly
face to face and the main I have
electronics to use telephone in fact the
Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee developed what they call the
Watts longing and all it really lies was
a way of making inexpensive long
distance talking behind a watts or wide
area telephone service line allowed
civil rights workers to report threats
or violence happening on the ground type
reports of those calls would be
delivered to movement leaders and the
press that was a a major transformation
in the movement social movements always
use the technology of their day to the
maximum because social movements are all
about communicating to people that's
still happening today the only thing
that's different is that it's much
faster Sam is also using public data to
track and map instances of police
violence across the country we've
learned things that community been
saying for a long time we've mapped 336
black people killed by police in 2015
313 were killed by police in 2014
because of the internet we were able to
actually gather this data in a way that
actually ended up being much more
comprehensive than the federal
government has ever been able to do
what do you think dr. King would think
about the black lives matter movement
for example I think he would be very
appreciative of the fact whenever young
people are concerned about things other
than themselves and that's that's a
positive sign I think he would have
thrived in Hennigan hm he had been very
very open to using social media you
would have had millions of followers on
Twitter are you hopeful absolutely we've
seen over a thousand protests take place
because hundreds of thousands of people
engaged we've seen 24 states sign
legislation to improve police
accountability who seen the president
take executive action in order to
address police brutality all of that
work has happened in the space of a
little over a year this is a moment of
tremendous opportunity but it is not
something that is preordained it is
something that it all be taken away and
we could go backwards so we have to keep
fighting if you want to see more in
depth content like this check out seeker
stories
we'll take you around the world sharing
stories of extraordinary people's
cultures and innovation in this episode
dr. Tiffany Anderson has dedicated her
career to improving the lives of
children find out how she turned around
for failing school districts by watching
this video right here with grants
partnerships and some creativity
dr. Anderson balanced-budget launched a
college prep program and brought back
arts education she also began to address
issues that stemmed our beyond academics
I learned that food was the greatest
issue so we decided we would open a food
pantry please make sure to subscribe to
seeker stories more web them thanks for
watching
