when it comes to international travel
where you're going may not matter as
much as where you're coming from
that's because different passports allow
varying levels of so-called travel
freedom while some travelers are able to
breeze through customs and stay abroad
for months or even years others are
subject to expensive visas strict time
limits or an otherwise heavy vetting
process so why is there this discrepancy
which countries have the most powerful
passports
well passports tend to reflect their
country's international standing that is
countries with mostly positive
diplomatic relations tend to have more
powerful passports because the leaders
of those countries have jointly signed
on to bilateral visa agreements for
example Afghan passport holders are
extremely limited in where they can
travel as the country is embroiled in
many international conflicts according
to the 2017 passport index which ranks
countries by the number of nations their
citizens can enter without a visa
Singapore has one of the most powerful
passports since its founding in 1965
Singapore's foreign policy has been
predicated on fostering as many
international friends as possible the
country took a neutral stance during the
Cold War instead focusing its efforts on
uniting Southeast Asian countries under
ASEAN today the country plays an active
role in the United Nations often
standing up to world powers like the
United States China in the United
Kingdom to ensure that smaller nations
have a say in international affairs it
even upholds friendly relations with
Malaysia the country it's separated from
more than 50 years ago amid political
and racial tension as a result of its
good international standing Singaporean
passport holders can travel visa-free to
156 countries and territories including
all of Europe a region that is
notoriously difficult to gain full
access to Sweden takes a similar
approach to foreign policy and
accordingly has an equally powerful
Passport Sweden has not fought in an
armed conflict since the early 19th
century when it fought on the losing
side of the Napoleonic Wars instead its
military is focused on encouraging
countries to disarm peacekeeping and
other support missions as a neutral
state Sweden often serves as a protector
for less powerful nations and a mediator
in international disputes but the most
powerful passport is that of Germany
offering visa-free access to 105
seven countries and territories Germany
is arguably one of the world's strongest
supporters of global cooperation it's a
member of many international
organizations and contributes more net
funding to the European Union than any
other member country Germany takes a
leading role in solving global problems
like climate change nuclear weapons
development and terrorism and has used
much of its own budget to bail out
struggling EU economies like Greece but
forging friendships with other nations
isn't the only way to gain widespread
visa-free travel some countries like
China have seen increased travel freedom
simply because their citizens have on
average become wealthier in 2015 Japan
South Korea and the United States all
eased visa restrictions on Chinese
tourists presumably because of the
economic benefits they would likely
bring with them the passport index also
shows that being a citizen of a global
superpower is not all that important to
one's travel freedom in another study of
travel freedom the United States comes
in fourth place as relations with
countries like Vietnam are still
somewhat tense in the end a country's
travel freedom is hugely important to
its citizens the ability to move freely
around the world is often correlated to
a person's economic opportunity upward
mobility and general quality of life as
globalization takes hold powerful
passports are more critical now than
ever no matter where your passport is
from some countries are notoriously
difficult to enter especially if you are
of a certain nationality to find out
more about which countries you probably
can't visit check out this video along
with Finland Germany Sweden and the UK
the US has the most powerful travel
privileges in the world allowing
visa-free access to 174 countries thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
from us every day
