there are a lot of controversy
surrounding American currency like whose
image should appear on it other hidden
messages embedded within them and of
course the inclusion of these four words
In God We Trust has been on some form of
American currency since 1864 u.s. coin
started featuring the phrase in response
to increased religious sentiment during
the horrors of the Civil War during that
time letters poured into the Treasury
secretary's office trying to draw
attention to the importance of
recognizing God on the currency war was
also responsible for the phrase
appearing on paper money nearly a
century later but this time it wasn't
meant to help calm a panics nation
instead it was used as a symbolic weapon
against the threat of communism the Cold
War was a time of tense rivalry between
the United States and the Soviet Union
where many in the u.s. felt that
democracy was threatened by communism
leading to the Red Scare most thinking
Americans now recognize the fact that
our country is at war it was a time
where communism and communists were
enemy number one and everything be
believed in was inherently unamerican
and one big thing that communists didn't
believe in religion I was a creature not
of God but of the state so in
retaliation to Soviet godlessness
Washington DC became a new beacon of
religiousness a prayer room was
installed in the Capitol building newly
baptized
President Eisenhower began attending the
prayer breakfast and the words under God
were added to the Pledge of Allegiance
in 1954 after a joint resolution was
passed by Congress and then in 1956 the
official motto of the United States was
changed from e pluribus unum meaning out
of many one to In God We Trust and that
motto was legally obliged to beyond all
money both coin and paper they were
grand gestures to separate the United
States from the Soviet Union in fact
Florida representative Charles Bennett
who introduced the legislation that put
In God We Trust on all American currency
gave a speech on the House floor saying
in these days when imperialistic and
materialistic communism
seeks to attack and destroy freedom we
should continually look for ways to
strengthen the foundation of our freedom
so when you reach in your pocket and
pull out that US bill remember that in
god we trust' is on there as a constant
reminder that America is not the Cold
War era atheist Communist Soviet Union
