since taking office Malaysia's Prime
Minister Najib Razak has been implicated
in a number of bizarre corruption
scandals involving private jets
priceless works of art the Saudi royal
family a Martin Scorsese film and
billions of dollars of state funds in
November 2016 thousands of people
flooded the streets of Malaysia's
capital Kuala Lumpur calling for his
resignation so where did all this start
how corrupt is Malaysia's Prime Minister
well it all stems back to 2009 when
recently elected Najib Razak
created a sovereign wealth fund called
one Malaysia Development Berhad better
known as 1mdb sovereign wealth funds are
huge reserves of public money that the
government uses to invest with the goal
of growing the fund Najib reportedly
created 1mdb to help turn Kuala Lumpur
into a global financial hub at the time
Malaysia was at the cusp of a huge
economic stimulus plan that aimed to
make the country a high-income economy
by 2021 MDB was different than a typical
sovereign wealth fund in that it
financed itself through borrowing money
instead of collecting funds from export
revenues or a central bank 1mdb did a
lot of borrowing and quickly amassed a
huge amount of debt in early 2015 it was
reported that the state-run fund
defaulted on 11 billion dollars it owed
to foreign investors later that year the
Wall Street Journal found that many of
the projects 1mdb invested in including
overseas oil fields and a mine in
Mongolia never actually came to fruition
seeing potential foul play Malaysia's
Attorney General launched a large-scale
investigation to find out where this
money was actually going the
investigation found evidence that in
2013 nearly 700 million dollars had been
transferred from 1mdb into Prime
Minister Najib personal bank account
however later it was revealed that this
money didn't come from the sovereign
wealth fund and instead came from the
Saudi royal family which denied these
claims after the initial allegations
surfaced Najib fired his attorney
general later the newly appointed
attorney general stated that the nearly
700 million dollars was a quote personal
donation from the Saudis and that Najib
had returned a significant portion of it
Najib was cleared of any wrongdoing and
all state investigations into him were
ceased but the Prime Minister failed to
explain what he did with the 61 million
dollars he did not
turn or why all the money was given to
him in the first place
this is far from the only corruption
scandal surrounding Najib during his
tenure the Prime Minister has been the
subject of investigations in Hong Kong
Singapore Switzerland the United Arab
Emirates and the United States according
to the US Justice Department three and a
half billion dollars from 1mdb was used
to purchase high-end real estate
artwork by Monet in Van Gogh and a
thirty five million dollar jet the money
was even allegedly used to fund the film
the wolf of wallstreet on which Najib
stepson was a producer none of this has
hurt Najib politically the Prime
Minister has kept a tight grip on power
by purging political opponents shutting
down newspapers and jailing dissidents
but it has damaged his popularity both
in Malaysia and abroad with calls for
his resignation growing stronger and
more frequent
Najib will likely face a tough
re-election in 2018
despite Prime Minister Najib --zz
alleged indiscretions Malaysia has one
of the most stable economies in
Southeast Asia so how does this country
compare international find out in this
video
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Raza
hopes to bolster the country to high
income status by 2020 in part by
reducing its dependence on exports which
account for more than 80 percent of its
GDP thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
you
