in December 2016 president-elect Donald
Trump shocked journalists and public
officials by taking a phone call from
Taiwan's president no president or
president-elect has spoken to a leader
from Taiwan in nearly 40 years according
to Trump's transition team the exchange
was like hearted and congratulatory
however many have speculated that the
exchange could be the start of a new
chapter in u.s. Taiwan relations so what
is the significance of this phone call
and where did the United States and
Taiwan stand today well the u.s. and
Taiwan don't actually have an official
relationship the u.s. does not support
or even recognize Taiwan's independence
and instead honors China's sovereignty
over the island under its one China
policy because the governments of Taiwan
and China both claim the same territory
foreign States cannot recognize both
under the one China policy any country
that wants to secure diplomatic
relations with China must recognize its
claim on Taiwan nearly every country has
done so as China is the world's second
largest economy and has a huge influence
on world trade in fact Taiwan is only
officially recognized by 22 countries
none of which are world powers the US
did once recognize Taiwan but switched
its allegiance to China at the height of
the Cold War as China joined the US
Japan and other Western powers in the
United Front against the Soviet Union in
1979 the US and China established formal
relations under which the u.s. agreed to
recognize Taiwan as part of China
however soon after the US established
unofficial relations with the people of
Taiwan this unique arrangement allowed
the u.s. to protect an assist Taiwan
which it sees as a geopolitical Ally
today their unofficial alliance is
mostly predicated on travel trade and
friendly interpersonal relationships the
US is Taiwan's second-largest trading
partner with more than 80 billion
dollars exchanged between the two
countries in 2015 what's more under the
Taiwan Relations Act any threat to peace
for stability in Taiwan is quote of
grave concern to the United States and
the US must provide the defense articles
and services necessary for Taiwan to
defend itself
the US has largely followed through on
this promise and has sold nearly 50
billion dollars worth of military
equipment to the island since 1990
despite China's opposition the US has
also encouraged Taiwan's participation
in international organizations many of
which limit the islands role as most
countries don't recognize it
hood both countries have de facto
embassies however Taiwan is not legally
allowed to raise its flag on US soil
but while people-to-people relations
remain positive official diplomacy is
close to non-existent before Trump no US
President or president-elect has spoken
to a Taiwanese counterpart since Jimmy
Carter public officials are not only
shocked by the unprecedented phone call
but also Trump's suggestion that he may
revisit the US as adherence to the one
China policy unless the two countries
could quote make a deal China responded
by stating it was seriously concerned
over Trump's threats to the one China
policy as it's the bedrock of political
ties between the two countries while
politics aside Taiwan and the US
maintain robust people-to-people
relations hundreds of thousands of
Taiwanese people travel to the US every
year receiving special benefits under
the US visa waiver program which more of
the 2010 census showed that the number
of Taiwanese immigrants or descendants
living in the u.s. had nearly doubled in
the previous decade multiple opinion
polls suggest that Americans have a
neutral to favorable impression of
Taiwan compared to a neutral to
unfavorable view of China whether or not
official relations change under Trump
the people of Taiwan in the United
States will likely remain deeply
connected if you're like me and love
history science and exploration you
should check out discovery go where you
can binge watch all seasons current and
past of your favorite Discovery Channel
shows check out the link in the
description below to learn more so what
exactly is at the heart of China and
Taiwan's ongoing feud find out in this
video the three links were
transportation commerce and
communication in response Taiwan
implemented their three knows foreign
policy with mainland China no contact no
compromise and no negotiation thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
