in December 2016 the tiny island of
Malta became the first European nation
to outlaw gay conversion therapy
measures to restrict this controversial
practice have been introduced in many US
states as evidence increasingly shows
that it causes serious medical and
psychological harm yet it still occurs
here in the US and around the world so
what exactly is gay conversion therapy
well gay conversion therapy is any
treatment that aims to turn gay lesbian
or transgender individuals into
heterosexuals the patients are
predominantly minors or young adults
many of whom are forced or pressured
into therapy attempts at gay conversion
are performed by medical professionals
religious leaders or counselors and
usually involve a variety of behavioral
cognitive psychological trainings
including electroshock therapy but the
severity of these treatments depends on
where you are in South Africa for
example homosexual men and boys are
known to be forced into conversion camps
where they are subjected to hard labor
for the purpose of instilling
masculinity conditions are reportedly so
harsh that in 2011 they led to the death
of a 15 year old boy similar camps exist
in the United States but in general gay
conversion in the u.s. is far less
severe it usually involves comprehensive
talk therapy seminars weekend retreats
or rehabilitation and typically does not
involve inhumane medical procedures the
basis for modern gay conversion therapy
began in the 1920s when homosexuality
was widely believed to be a birth defect
accordingly the earliest form of
conversion therapy was to remove one
testicle from a gay man and replace that
with a heterosexual donor testicle when
this proved to be both ineffective in
harmful psychiatrists and medical
professionals like Sigmund Freud began
to classify homosexuality as a mental
disorder treatable with psychotherapy
and medication Freud later concluded
that homosexuality was not an illness
and publicly discouraged any treatment
of it but by the 1950s behavioral
therapies including treatments like
electric shock and hypnosis became
widely accepted treatments for
homosexuality many psychologists believe
that associating these homosexual acts
with pain sickness and embarrassment
would eventually make them unappealing
to patients but in the early 1970s these
theories slowly lost credibility
psychiatrists released studies that
showed homosexuals had no developmental
inferiority when compared to
heterosexuals
lessening the belief that homosexuality
was in fact a disease in 1973 the
American Psychiatric Association removed
homosexuality from its manual of mental
disorders and has since publicly
discredited conversion therapy urging
health professionals to inform their
patients of its harm and fraudulence in
fact the Human Rights Campaign states
that conversion therapy on minors can
lead to an increased risk of depression
anxiety drug use homelessness and even
suicide but despite how inhumane and
ineffective the practice is it is still
legal in much of the world five US
states and two Canadian provinces do
outlaw gay conversion for minors
although conversion therapies negative
effects continue to come to light and it
may be a long time until the Western
world bans the practice altogether
homophobia has a lot of negative side
effects but did you know that it can
impact your health as well research
shows that people who are prejudiced
against the LGBTQ community will die
sooner than those who don't find out
about the science by watching this dnews
video people who are prejudiced against
the LGBTQ community will die two and a
half years earlier than an equally
healthy person of the same age thanks
for watching seeker daily make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
