in 2016 the World Health Organization
released a study suggesting that 80% of
people living in cities are breathing
unhealthy air some cities especially
those in developing nations have it
particularly bad with city officials
going to extreme measures to protect
residents from respiratory diseases so
what are the world's most polluted
cities while ranking cities by their
level of pollution is difficult because
scientists study air quality in
different ways some score air quality
based on the number of particles that
are less than or equal to two and a half
micrometers in diameter which are
produced from all types of combustion
and are small enough to get into your
lungs or blood tissue others place more
emphasis on particles as large as 10
micrometers in diameter like dust and
mold when ranked according to these
larger particles the most polluted city
is own ichiya Nigeria experts say own
itches pollution is a product of its
rapid growth and industrialization the
city's population has doubled to more
than 1 million people in the last few
years leaving its existing
infrastructure inadequate and outdated
as a result anita has some of the worst
traffic in Nigeria lacks any proper
waste incineration plants and has little
to no regulations on its factories
hospitals metal industries and other
carbon emitters when it comes to those
smaller particles the most polluted air
is actually in the eastern Iranian city
of Zhu Bowl the Baals pollution problem
is somewhat unique as the city is not a
population or industrial hub instead its
excess air particles are actually a
product of continuous dust storms every
summer temperatures in Zhu Bowl exceed
104 degrees and the city is struck with
what locals call 120 days of wind in the
early 2000s the region's primary wetland
dried up creating another major source
of dust hundreds of residents have since
evacuated because of the resulting
pollution and many who have stayed have
been diagnosed with pollution related
diseases like tuberculosis in 2015 the
air became so dirty that city officials
were forced to distribute free face
masks but one city that consistently
tops the charts is Delhi India according
to the World Health Organization Delhi
has the worst air quality of any other
major city in the world with particle
levels twice as high as China's
infamously polluted Beijing most of
Delhi's air pollution is a product of
via
emissions as the city's enormous
population of nearly 25 million people
contributes to heavy traffic the effects
of Delhi's pollution are devastating and
extremely widespread adults are known to
suffer from headaches sore throats and
reduced lung capacity and studies
suggest that nearly half of all Delhi's
children have irreversible lung damage
Delhi's air quality becomes measurably
worse in the winter as wind carries in
dust from neighbouring regions this
combined with other factors brought the
city's smog levels to new highs in
November of 2016
forcing its people into a full-blown
state of emergency schools were closed
down sports games were cancelled and
residents were encouraged to stay
indoors Delhi's Chief Minister has taken
steps to address the problem but nothing
has been successful yet in curbing
pollution to be certain air pollution is
not limited to industrial cities in
developing nations it's a global problem
with most of the world's urban
populations already breathing in
hazardous airborne particles on a daily
basis what's more many cities don't even
measure their air quality this is only
the tip of the iceberg the real
statistics likely paint a much bleaker
picture there are activists around the
world fighting to protect the
environment and Wildlife seeker stories
filmed with a group of women in South
Africa that are fighting off poachers
more effectively than drones or
thermal-imaging and they don't use any
weapons black mamba anti poaching unit
was first founded in 2013 snaring
dropped 97 percent in the first year in
this region their first 13 months of
operation we didn't lose a single Rhino
throughout the reserve thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
