with Donald Trump as the new President
Elect supporters of Hillary Clinton have
been looking for a way to avoid a trump
presidency one change.org petition
suggests convincing the Electoral
College to cast their votes for Clinton
rather than Trump the petition has more
than three million signatures as of
November 11th but didn't Americans
already vote
how could Hillary Clinton still win the
presidency well in order to understand a
Clinton win scenario you have to
understand the Electoral College in a
nutshell the president is not actually
elected on election day by the voters in
fact the president is elected by an
influential group called the Electoral
College each state gets a certain number
of electors individually related to the
size of their population the electors
only job is to cast their vote based on
their state's popular vote thereby
acting as an election representatives
for example California the most populous
state has 55 electoral votes which are
all expected to go to Hillary Clinton
when the electors officially vote on
December 19th if you're wondering why
the u.s. uses such an indirect system of
voting it's because it was thought of in
the late 1700s when getting the whole
country's votes counted on the same day
was nearly impossible instead each town
or city would select a representative to
travel to the nation's capital and let
them know how they voted there was also
the added benefit discussed by the
founding fathers that it would prevent
anyone without quote the requisite
qualifications of becoming president in
short the founding fathers didn't seem
to trust direct democracy but didn't
want to make it seem like they were the
ones choosing the presidency alone now
this system has worked so far
in fact so well that there's no federal
law requiring electors to vote for their
state's preferred candidate 21 states
have no rules on the issue whatsoever an
elector can vote for another candidate
or refuse to vote altogether moreover in
the other 29 states plus Washington DC
which do require the elector to vote
alongside the population they still
don't really have to because the
punishment for doing so varies from
state to state but in general it's just
a small fine only a few states actually
cancel the alternate vote electors who
do this are called faithless and in the
history of the United States there have
been 157
in nearly half those cases electors
didn't vote for the preferred candidate
because the candidate had died before
the vote in three cases electors have
refused to vote altogether the rest of
the time the vote was changed based on
political or personal reasons to date
faithless electors have not influenced
the outcome of an election but there was
one election where they could have in
1836 the election came down to the
Democratic Party versus the Whig party
only instead of having one candidate
versus another candidate the Whigs
nominated several different candidates
hoping to split the vote thus forcing
the House of Representatives to decide
but the Democratic candidate Martin Van
Buren ended up winning the popular vote
and on the day of the electoral college
all 23 electors from Virginia cast their
votes against Van Buren's vice-president
some say that this was based on deep
political disagreements others suggest
that it was racially motivated as Van
Buren's VP was in a public relationship
with a woman who was one-eighth African
and also his slave
either way the VP candidate fell one
electoral vote short of a majority and
wasn't automatically elected alongside
Van Buren it ultimately fell on the US
Senate to call the election thankfully
they didn't appoint anyone else as Van
Buren's VP and everything went as
planned
the last faithless elector voted in the
2004 election in Minnesota
rather than casting their vote for John
Kerry the unknown elector cast their
vote for Kerry's VP John Edwards
and also misspelled Edwards name as
Edwards this year the chances of
actually overturning Trump's majority
are close to impossible and would
require 42 faithless electors Clinton
has already conceded Trump has begun his
transitions with White House and
ignoring the will of the voters in such
a dramatic way would suffer the purpose
of a democracy by some accounts that
could even lead to a constitutional
crisis
but despite talk of avoiding a trump
presidency the reality is that Donald
Trump will be the next president of the
United States so how exactly did Trump
win the u.s. election find out in this
video
London's inability to garner enough
votes from these demographics is part of
the reason Clinton narrowly lost in key
states such as Wisconsin Pennsylvania
and Michigan since 1992 these states
have been Democratic presidential
strongholds but they have large
populations of rural and working-class
white voters who make up a majority of
trumps base thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos every day
