in October 2016 Saudi Arabia executed a
member of the Saudi royal family for the
first time since 1975 although the
execution decades ago was for
assassinating the king this time the
member of the royal family was caught on
tape firing an automatic weapon
indiscriminately into a crowd of people
this harsh punishment sent waves
throughout Saudi Arabia whose population
has long since accepted that the royal
family is nigh uncatchable so what
exactly is going on with the House of
Saud well at the head of the Saud family
is King Salma who holds absolute power
over political decisions in the kingdom
interestingly succession within the Saud
family has been unconventional for
monarchs although the first king of the
modern state of Saudi Arabia even Saud
was succeeded by his son the next five
leaders were all brothers as a result
the relative age of each King has simply
increased with the current king assuming
the role at the age of 79 Saudi royalty
is originally descended from the
original founder of the first Saudi
state Muhammad bin Saud there are
actually estimated to be about 15,000
living members of the Saudi royal family
stemming from the incredible prolific
even Saud who reportedly had 22 wives
and used his marriages to solidify
connections with other externally
powerful families but not all 15,000
members are wealthy or powerful and in
fact true power is consolidated among
roughly 2000 members these family
members fill a number of roles
throughout the government and they are
appointed by the king in particular the
ministries of Defense interior and
foreign affairs are kept close in the
family as are the governors of the
country's 13 provinces although it is
impossible to accurately estimate due to
the large number of family members some
unofficial estimates peg the total worth
of the House of Saud in the trillions of
dollars but this is likely not far off
considering that the country itself has
a GDP of about 650 billion dollars which
is effectively controlled by the Saudi
family along with massive private real
estate and oil investments around the
world it's also important to note that
Saudi Arabia is actually controlled by
two separate families besides the House
of Saud there is also the allah sheikh
family
who descended from the founder of
Wahhabism saudi arabia's
ultra-conservative state religion
although the two families work together
they each operate independent sections
of the Saudi society with the Allah
sheiks primarily controlling religion
and the House of Saud controlling
politics the Saudi royal family is
enormous and powerful but not every
member is treated like royalty as is
evident by the 2016 execution yet most
sources alleged that the executed family
member was several steps removed from
the inner royal circle and in the
meantime a large number of the higher
ranking sounds openly skirt both the
country's legal system and Sharia law
itself frequently throwing parties
featuring drinking drugs and sex
although tacitly approved to lead by the
country's population in recent years
there has been significant discontent in
the authoritarian ultra conservative
Kingdom especially in light of events
like the Arab Spring this execution is
seen by many as a tightening of the belt
by the royal family to show that not
even they are above the law if you
haven't checked out discovery go yet now
is the perfect time
I just watched rats a mock horror
documentary inspired by the book by
Robert Sullivan filmmaker Morgan
Spurlock dives into the lives of rodents
that have invaded our cities
super-interesting download the Discovery
Go app for free at your app store or
check the link below to learn more
Saudi Arabia's royal family exerts a
great deal of control over the nation
but how does their power fare on the
world stage find out by watching our
video here its GDP of more than 750
billion dollars rivals the economies of
Turkey and Switzerland
Saudi Arabia holds about 16% of the
world's proven oil deposits and because
of this they have made powerful friends
like the United States and the United
Kingdom
thanks for watching seeker daily make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
