in September 2016 the European Union's
foreign policy chief enacted a timeline
for developing an official military
force representing the EU so what would
an EU armed force look like
although talks of establishing an EU
military force have been ongoing since
the creation of the block they've been
opposed by objections from the United
Kingdom but with brexit having separated
the UK from the EU s decision making
process the EU is clear to move forward
on the one hand Europe does already have
a defence network in place first and
foremost as the continents involvement
with the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization which represents 22 of the
28 EU member countries NATO is also
backed by the US and Canada meaning that
many of the most powerful militaries in
the world excluding China and Russia are
among its ranks and both NATO and the EU
have mutual defense policies stretching
across their member states in particular
article 42 of the treaty on European
Union actually provides a framework for
EU members to support each other
militarily in defense of a single
attacked country this article was
invoked after the November 2015 attacks
in Paris which the French president
described as an attack against Europe
not just France
additionally thanks to the Berlin plus
agreement EU members are allowed to use
NATO resources in both peacekeeping and
wartime engagements under special
circumstances but in spite of these
defenses Europe still doesn't have a
centralized military force at present
the only organized standing forces
representing the European Union as a
whole are called EU battle groups they
are rotating armies comprised of about
1,500 troops each and sourced from a
number of cooperative member states
these battle groups are intended to
deploy quickly for what are called
Petersburg tasks these aren't military
activities but of a non offensive nature
such as humanitarian disarming or
peacekeeping the battle groups are
controlled by the Council of the
European Union but despite having been
operational since 2007 the battle groups
have not yet been called into action
instead each individual country manages
its own military with no official quotas
imposed by the EU with some countries
considerably more militarily focused
potential EU armed forces would be
expected to draw from the largest ones
France and Germany and although the
establishment of a military needs you
nan
was approval from the EU members of NATO
like Latvia and Poland spoken out
against the idea instead they hope to
strengthen their relationship with NATO
as a Western global Defence Force and
others say that instead of defending
their own country's interests those
decisions would end up in the hands of
Brussels bureaucrats others questioned
the intentions behind rivaling a force
like NATO which has u.s. backing
something an EU military may not
nonetheless it does appear that without
UK interference the EU is establishing a
roadmap to create a functional standing
army or Defence Force whether it'll see
unanimous approval or even actually be
called into service will remain to be
seen this episode is brought to you by
Squarespace creating a website with
Squarespace is simple there's no coding
required you get a custom domain for
free if you sign up for a year on
Squarespace com and if you enter offer
code seeker daily at checkout you get
10% off
Squarespace set your website apart an EU
army would likely come up against NATO's
forces and could even serve to replace
them but just how powerful is NATO in
the first place find out in this video
after World War two the Soviet Union
gained power and forcefully spread
communism into neighboring countries
like Germany and Czechoslovakia NATO was
created as a unified front amongst
Western nations against potential Soviet
aggression thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos every day
