president-elect Donald Trump sparked
controversy by appointing the CEO of
ExxonMobil Rex Tillerson has his
secretary of state many fear that
including the oil industry in his
emerging administration could affect
u.s. foreign policy and undo years of
environmental policy gains but the
fossil fuel industry is one of the most
powerful global industries and is
already deeply embedded in u.s. politics
so we wanted to know just how powerful
is big oil well the United States alone
is the third largest oil producer in the
world after Russia and Saudi Arabia in
2011 the combined revenues from the five
largest oil companies accounted for more
than 10% of the u.s. GDP approaching two
trillion dollars making up such a big
portion of the economy grants Big Oil
tremendous political power during the
2016 election the oil industry
contributed roughly 57 million dollars
nearly 90 percent of which went to
Republicans and in 2016 alone big oil
spent nearly 89 million dollars lobbying
Congress for oil and gas reform all this
lobbying means that they can often
affect legislative change in 2015 a
campaign spearheaded by Chevron and
Exxon Mobil resulted in a congressional
decision to lift a 40-year ban
implemented during the Arab oil embargo
in the 70s on us exported crude oil
allowing producers to sell overseas
extending their global reach Speaker of
the House Paul Ryan indicated the
legislation was a big win and in 2016 he
and senator Ted Cruz who also supported
the deal received nearly two million
dollars combined from the oil and gas
industry oil companies often see large
sums of money come back to them in the
form of government sponsored subsidies
each year according to the Council on
Foreign Relations roughly four billion
dollars worth of taxpayer money is used
to give tax breaks to oil companies
while these companies insist they are
essential for job creation and lower
dependence on foreign oil critics
maintain that instead it shifts the
burden to the middle and lower classes
and takes away from crucial assistance
programs but 2016 was a turbulent year
for the oil industry with oil prices
dropping significantly the big five have
reported falling profits and significant
losses since the global price of oil has
fallen faster than predicted some
researchers argue that the industry
we'll need to abandon or revise its
goals in order to survive the next 10
years but even with falling prices a
global shift toward renewable energy and
oil moguls even more deeply embedded in
Washington experts say the industry is
equipped to adjust with a new
administration and global oil demand
expected to continue only time will tell
what the next four years will bring
seeker is committed to bringing new
stories that will inform excite and
inspire you in search for adventure Kira
Sandiford set out to hike
California's Pacific Crest Trail but her
journey was met by tragedy I headed like
dig deep and say you know what I'm not
going to let this define my myself or my
experience and I'm gonna be stronger for
it you know I know my parents wouldn't
want me to turn around for the world for
more videos like this make sure to LIKE
and subscribe to seeker stories
