for the last 164 years a Republican or a
Democrat has been president of the
United States since Millard Fillmore
stepped down as the last Whig Party
president no third party has ever come
close Theodore Roosevelt had already
been president as a Republican couldn't
even win the 1912 election under his own
bull moose party yet thousands of people
vote for third party candidates every
four years so does a third party
candidate really have a chance of
winning the election
well polling from The Wall Street
Journal and NBC News shows that in fact
47% would consider a third party
candidate in light of the 2016 election
and as relatively recently as 1992
independent candidate Ross Perot
received nearly 19 percent of the
popular vote against Bill Clinton and
George HW Bush winning the presidency
isn't just about support it's about
working within election rules and that
pushes a lot of third party candidates
out one major block is that Democrats
and Republicans are automatically listed
on the ballot in all states while third
party candidates need thousands of
signatures
additionally third party candidates must
get at least 5% of the vote in a general
election in order to receive federal
funding the following election cycle
hasn't happened in over 20 years in the
2016 election Green Party candidate Jill
Stein is required to raise at least
$100,000 across at least 20 states in
order to receive access to the federal
presidential election campaign fund the
biggest reason third party candidates
usually have no shot at the presidency
is because of first-past-the-post voting
which is how the u.s. selects candidates
basically the president is elected from
a set number of people on a ballot and
whoever gets the most votes wins but
according to a political principle
called do verges law this process
invariably leads to a two-party system
this is because by casting only one vote
for one winner backing a candidate who
might lose would be throwing away your
vote third party candidates threaten to
divert support from the other two
parties so instead of voting third party
people often end up voting against the
candidate they dislike ensuring two
parties stay in power however other
countries like the UK have proportional
representation instead of voting for the
Prime Minister directly citizens can
vote for members of parliament from
different parties the majority party
then appoints their leader as the PM but
as opposed to the us voting third party
isn't an automatically wasted vote third
party representatives are often elected
as member
of parliament where they have political
influence regardless of their party's
small size chances are such a system
wouldn't be implemented in the US as the
Republican and Democratic parties are
massive establishments with huge amounts
of power and money behind them and
they're the ones setting the rules
despite popular support as long as those
rules favor a two-party system chances
are there won't be a viable third party
candidate for a long time but that
doesn't mean they don't matter in the
current election if you want to keep up
with all the candidates not just Trump
or Hillary you can catch me in the rest
of the Young Turks live on youtube
monday through friday at 6 p.m. Eastern
3 p.m. Pacific out of all the candidates
including Jill Stein Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump and Gary Johnson Gary
Johnson is the only one who is
supporting TPP publicly now Hillary
Clinton probably supports it too but she
claims that she doesn't anymore yeah um
but yeah Gary Johnson was the only one
who's like yep support TPP thanks for
watching seeker daily make sure to LIKE
and subscribe for new videos every day
