Venezuela's economy is by all accounts
failing decades of frivolous public
spending coupled with plummeting demand
for its largest export oil has pushed
the country into a full-blown crisis
mode inflation is estimated at anywhere
between 400 and 800 percent making
Venezuela's currency the bolivar worth
less every day as of June 2016 nearly
90% of the population can't even afford
to buy food
these figures are undoubtedly shocking
so what is life really like for
Venezuelans who are in the midst of this
crisis well since Venezuela began to
spiral out of control in 2013 basic
goods like food water and medicine have
become increasingly difficult to find
this is in part due to the government's
strict rationing system which is
designed to prevent patrons from
stockpiling goods before inflation
drives the prices up Venezuelans are
only allotted two days per week to shop
at state-run grocery stores which often
results in long lines and empty shelves
and although many basic goods can be
found on the black market most people
can't afford them as high demand leads
to high prices in June 2016 frustrations
over food shortages erupted in riots
leaving hundreds of stores ransacked and
at least five people dead Venezuela's
economy Guo's have also culminated in
state sanctioned blackouts for 40 days
of 2016
the government cut electricity in nearly
half the country states for four hours
each day forcing homes businesses and
hospitals to operate by generators and
candlelight in other efforts to save
energy
the state has pushed clocks forward by
half-an-hour and shortened the workweek
for government employees to just two
days even more flawed is Venezuela's
health care system according to the
pharmaceutical Federation the country's
medical facilities black about 80% of
the basic supplies they need to treat
the country's population that means many
hospitals are not only without advanced
technology like x-rays or dialysis
machines but also beds needles soap and
even paper and because the government
has little money for imports medicine is
also scarce and many have died from
infections and other treatable ailments
what's more many of Venezuela's
hospitals are quickly losing trained
personnel as doctors and nurses leave
the country in search of higher paid
positions this is all under the backdrop
of Venezuela
is stubbornly high rates of violent
crime drug trafficking and corruption
Venezuela's largest city Caracas has
been called the most dangerous in the
world with nearly 120 murders for every
100,000 people much of the country's
violent crime stems from its role in
transporting drugs from Colombia to the
United States but the most part victims
cannot count on security forces for help
as police officers frequently commit
crimes themselves according to Human
Rights Watch one in every five crimes is
commited by police and officers have
killed thousands of people with impunity
of course this is just a snapshot of
life in Venezuela while the country is
at its lowest point in modern history
although it's long known poverty violent
crime and corruption daily life was much
less grim 5 10 and 20 years ago while
the demand for oil was still high but in
2016 as oil prices collapse living
conditions in Venezuela are getting
worse every day and thousands of fled to
the US and elsewhere so why is Venezuela
so dependent on oil and how are they
trying to deal with the current oil
crisis find out by watching this video
Venezuela's export economy is 95 percent
dependent on petroleum and with oil
prices dropping around the world
it has decimated the country's economy
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
you
