hey everyone thanks for tuning in to
seeker daily I am trace and we are here
on our last day of the democratic
national convention doing some live
coverage and throughout the week there's
been a lot of talk of women leaders I
mean I think we all know why that's the
case and joining me today are three
women who are active in politics I guess
how y'all family good we've got Abby Lee
cook she's a Hillary supporter we've got
Bridget Todd she is a political editor
editor at medium and we've got Pamela
Kirkland who is a producer and reporter
for PBS Newshour in politics so welcome
everybody hey thanks for having me so we
were talking just we started I am on
this group but it's really a
conversation of right so i just wanted
to first kind of assess how do you guys
feel women have been represented here at
the democratic national convention well
i came straight from Cleveland so weird
RNC last week for coverage and just
looking at the contrast the number of
women who've been on stage at the DNC
versus the RNC we've seen a lot more
women we've heard a lot from women and
you know a lot more about issues like
pay equity we're going to hear tonight
about universal pre-k and issues that
are typically I don't like billing them
as women's issues but they do some
people categorize them that way I think
we've heard more of that this week than
we have in the last week but I'm excited
to hear from Hillary tonight for sure
and see what she has to say yeah yeah I
mean I completely agree I was also at
the RNC last week which was a little bit
different um you know I keep thinking
about this great speech at the RNC by
Ivana and how she you know talked about
what it's like to be a working woman
went mom but then you really didn't hear
that much about like policies that would
actually help working women and working
mothers and so I'm really happy that
those issues really got you know center
stage and central billing here at the
DNC and in a more kind of substantial
way and so I'm really excited for
Hillary tonight I think we've seen a lot
of different kinds of women and being
you know put on the main stage black
women latina women today they'll be the
first openly trans woman speaking at the
gym
you can see which is so exciting yeah
yeah I'm excited yeah I can't wait I
think that I share similar sentiments I
wasn't I didn't get the opportunity to
go to the RNC but being here has been
definitely a lot more policy heavy I
think that women as a whole as sort of
not necessarily just an interest group
but as a diverse multicultural
multifaceted group of people who are
interested and need lots of different
things have been represented both in
policy and in voting blocs and
everything else and if you look out in
the crowd you see that at all of these
delegates coming from all over the
United States are different colors
different faces different genders trans
gender sexual orientation so it's it's
been great to see that represented in
such a sort of stark contrast I think
yeah I mean I think it's interesting i
like that you right off the bat brought
up that like you don't like to call them
women's issues and i think it's funny
because moving forward do you feel like
that's going to kind of fall away and
you know health care issues that may be
used to be considered women's issues and
child care issues that used to be
considered at women's issues will now
just be considered hey issues yeah I
almost feel like that label has to fall
away just based on where we are at this
time there are so many you know single
women are going to make up a huge number
of voters and could determine this
election and the place where we are
right now women are independent you
don't have to have a man co-sign a
credit card for you to get one oh my god
a different place now there are a
stay-at-home dads there are you know the
the fluidity between the genders now
it's there's no reason to separate them
as men's issues and women's issues
because they are everyone's issues the
economy is an issue for men and it's an
issue for women so I feel like one day
that label has to fall away because it's
just it doesn't make sense anymore yeah
we don't call anything mens issues right
I was trying to think everyone just now
ah although it has been hot here really
hot um I was thinking yeah something
like paternity leave might be a men's
issue but not really cuz it's an
everybody issue it's a family it's great
exactly yeah I think the idea is that
you know where these are American issues
these are the issues that mattered the
most to the widespread electric of the
American people and that's what matters
and that means women men children
families the broad spectrum of humanity
yeah yeah for sure I agree and I think I
mean on the issue of these these kind of
issues being framed as women's issues I
mean everyone is better off when my you
know the economy is good everyone better
off with like women and all people have
reproductive freedom and so honestly
thinking of them is like women's issues
isn't actually accurate when we can you
know safely see that everybody benefits
when these things are addressed yes
absolutely absolutely yeah I and in 2012
women made up more than half of the vote
you know in and in 2016 we've got the
first female candidate who's being
nominated by a major party you know so
it seems like the women vote will affect
this campaign even more than infected
the last campaign absolutely and does it
feel that way to do do women feel more
front and center in this campaign I mean
aside from the head of the party at this
point I'd say yes I know in many ways I
think that um as a rule right now young
women are starting to feel so much more
comfortable stepping into the electoral
political Fiat spear and I think that
because of that impetus you're seeing a
lot more of it but it doesn't
necessarily mean that it wasn't there
before it's just a it's a comfort
ability level and it's honestly it's all
about having those mentors to look up to
it's about being able to look up on that
stage tonight and know that one day like
I could see myself up there I could see
someone like Brigitte up there I could
see anyone up there I can see um you
know maybe one day we'll have a
transgender president will have someone
like that so i think i think it's it's
about having people to look up to yeah i
agree and i also think i mean in my mind
i think that women
then at the forefront of every political
movement in the United States right
labor racial justice criminal justice
reform reproductive freedom women have
always been there we've always had this
loud voice and it's always been I in my
mind us we've really been these agents
have changed like move things forward I
think now we're seeing this sort of more
kind of respected and sort of in a more
visible way and so women you've been
here you know doing this work since
forever we haven't we've got and it's
been a little thankless and haven't I
think people are starting to step back
and see you know women you know their
their vote matters or voice matters
their their political clout matters and
sort of having us the forefront of these
movements in very visible ways yeah yeah
I think that's a great point like it
does seem that throughout history you
know women have been marginalized in the
in the role of spokesperson right but
they haven't been in term they haven't
been invisible they've just been not the
spokesperson the person that you
remember in the history books that and
they even that is starting to change you
know I work mainly on a science show is
well for for discovery and for seeker
and we talk a lot about like women in
science and how they've always been
there it's just they don't always get
the the picture on the on the history
book and that's changing even in the
case of Hillary Clinton it's very
interesting because and it's always
funny to me to hear when people hear her
early the early years because a lot of
people don't really know Hillary
Clinton's full history I speak
especially younger voters don't know how
long she's been in the political process
but when you look at a relationship like
she has with Bill Clinton for a long
time it was about propping him up and
him running for governor running for
president and her being first lady and
still working on major policies like
health care reform and chip and all of
these other things that you know she did
while she was in the White House but the
focus was always on bill and it wasn't
until you know she says the story goes
someone told her what dare to win dare
to compete dare to compete mrs. Clinton
and those remember Senate New York and
she won and she won by a lot and I just
think it's really interesting looking at
her life and where she started what
things were like in the 60s and
that environment and now where we are
now in 2016 she kind of encompasses a
lot of those movements in a way
definitely she's definitely spanned them
all and she's been around to see them
all right yeah it's incredible the
amount of history that someone like
Hillary Clinton has witnessed it's
amazing and the amount of it that has
her fingerprints on it yeah we talk
about affordable health care we talked
about better education standards we
talked about all this stuff you can see
her little finger prints all over this
stuff and that to me is the most
enchanting thing about her yeah so it's
interesting i was reading up to research
for this and there was a talk about with
barack obama there was a sense of
urgency and interest in electing someone
who would be the first african-american
president do you feel that that sense of
urgency for elected the first female
president in the same way because i feel
like from my perspective I haven't seen
it in the same in the same capacity
there's a lot more talk of a fragmented
women's vote and yes more women do
support Barack Obama when when he was
running in 2008 in 2012 but we've talked
a little bit about how younger women
don't support Hillary in the same way
that older women do and it is there that
sense of urgency do you feel that it's
an interesting split and you touched on
the the generational divide that you see
were typical in some instances younger
women were more enthusiastic about
Bernie Sanders we spent a lot of time in
Iowa during the primary and talked to
students at Drake University and a lot
of them told me that you know they have
nothing against Hillary Clinton but
Bernie really spoke to the issues that
they were concerned with they you know
brought up the untrustworthy issue that
she's had to deal with through this
entire campaign is going to have to deal
with in the general as well so for them
it elected a woman was important but it
wasn't the number one issue for them it
wasn't the reason that they were going
to vote they wanted to make sure that
they lined up on economic policies that
they lined up when it came to foreign
policy those were the issues that were
more important to them than simply just
gender
I think we're seeing a much more a trend
line that's going much towards much more
towards holistic politics right this
idea that you really are seeing a
generation that's a little bit more
politically engaged than one would have
expected from them and I think that we
can actually owe a lot of things to the
Obama campaign for that and at a certain
point that there's mentality started
changing towards intersectionality and a
more holistic view of feminism to that
is like I'm going to vote for who I
believe is the best candidate because I
have the right to vote and make
decisions based on that and I think that
we're going to start seeing more and
more historic victories in in both of
those areas yeah and I would also mean i
agree with you know all of that but I
also would sort of um that wouldn't sort
of raised is another kind of like
fragmenting factor i know that a lot of
black women black women are one of the
most loyal democratic voting blocs in
history and i think that because of that
it's very easy for democratic candidates
particularly Hillary Clinton to sort of
take for granted that black women will
support you know a Clinton presidency
and perhaps not feel the need to like
court our vote as aggressively is you
know you might court other votes and so
I think that for a lot of younger black
feminists there is a question in sitive
is this a candidate who I need to sort
of throw my weight around or behind and
I think that's one of the reasons i
think that the vote is so fractured that
a lot of women are sort of looking
skeptically at her you know or candidacy
i also think it's just important to sort
of recognize what you were saying this
idea that you know folks are thinking
about these issues in a much more
holistic way that like if you're a
feminist perhaps it isn't that you know
i personally believe that it is but
correct isn't that you know the woman
candidate who's going to be your best
friend your best bit and isn't that what
feminism means exactly we all get to
choose for ourselves than it plays into
democracy in a beautiful way so I think
um for me like you said I mean I think
she is the best Canada and she's
definitely the best equipped to handle
the job but at the end of the day I
think Millennials up as a whole aren't
seeing gender quite as much as we've
seen in past generations yeah that's
what it seems like to me as well it
seems like that I liked that phrase the
sense of
see cuz when it felt like with Barack
Obama it's like we have an
african-american candidate he's right
like amazing let's vote for him right
that's what I mean that's what the the
kind of fuel of the election was and I
think speaking with some of older women
here at the convention this week you
felt that sense of her definitely we
talked to Roz Wyman who's one of the
first women to chair a convention ever
she chaired the 1984 Democratic
convention and you know she said on her
headstone she wants it to read I was a
good mother and I helped elect Hillary
in 2016 like this is so important to her
and women like her Eleanor smeal was
also on the floor when a big part of the
feminist movement and you know they feel
like we are way overdue in terms of
having a woman president and the fact
that it's 2016 and we're still having
this conversation about elected a woman
and um you know they feel that urgency
they feel like the time is now and women
have a responsibility almost to elect
Hillary or you should feel like you have
a responsibility to elect her and it is
like she said in a way the highest
hardest glass ceiling it's the last big
milestone for American women I think in
terms of having those leadership role
models to look up to women are in
boardrooms there you know presidents of
universities their CEOs there they're
managing families and businesses and
their entrepreneurs and they're all over
the place with the one thing we haven't
been able to tackle is the presidency
and I think it means a lot to my
generation but I think it means even
more to the women who who are the old
stalwarts they've been they've been
waiting and working tirelessly for this
for a long time yeah I mean I I think I
agree and I mean think about like young
children who have only known you know
barack obama as president and then if
they only knew hillary clinton's
president so in their mind you know
people of color can be President in
their mind women can be present I like
that wasn't the case when we were
growing up right I still remember a
teacher when I was a child saying I
think I said like oh I wanted even when
I grow up and she was like people
can't be President and we showed her
hey for the kids for you know that will
always be the case and I think that's so
so beautiful absolutely yeah the
importance of role models is is
paramount you have to have people who
look like you talk like you and act like
you and leadership positions and it's
vital for young girls who are in school
to be able to look up and say that's
what I want to do yeah I can do that it
would you say Hillary Clinton is a role
model for young people like and if so
like what it what is something that
really speaks to young people about her
since again just to reiterate it does
seem that older voters are more apt to
support her right I'm for me I just
admire her tenacity I I admire the fact
that when you look when you think about
someone who has no quit Hillary Clinton
has no quit she's the type of person who
and she sent it for the right reasons
right she's the type of person who's the
first one in the office and the last one
to leave and she's doing it because it
matters and it means something to her
and what we do matters at the end of the
day and I think to me it's like I said
before it's enchanting the fact that I
can look up and say okay like if Hillary
Clinton can get through to you know 2008
I can get through today right yeah yeah
so yeah and I liked I I liked what
President Obama said in his speech that
you know she did everything I did
backwards and in heels yeah and that was
very intimidating in a lot of ways for
him and and I think him coming out and
saying that now eight years later you
know that's it's it's nice kind of lip
service to 2008 and how rough an
election that really was for both of
them you know they both come out came
out a little bruised absolutely and
seeing them together on stage last night
I was taking pictures and there's just
there were so many moments where you
looked at them you could tell they
really do have a genuine appreciation
for each other and they really do admire
each other and the ginger rogers line
was great last night and also another
big applause line is when he said you
know no one is more qualified to be
president than Hillary Clinton not me
not bill thank everybody laughed um a
good line
yeah and though it was quite a roar when
she walked out I mean that was it was a
pretty electric scene to be part of for
sure yeah um what about uh kind of to
bring it back to like we are at the DNC
at the RNC do you guys feel like women
were as represented I mean milianna came
out and ivanka came out and there was a
lot of talk by women talking about
Donald Trump and you know just how did
it feel to you looking back at that now
having seen this I mean we talked a
little bit about how we feel here but I
mean yeah in terms of looking at the RNC
do you think that women were were
powerful in the same way that that it
seems like you're describing here I mean
looking at UM the rosters when you line
them up but at the RNC you did see you
know Ivanka on speed on stage that you
mentioned earlier in that speech that
did focus a lot actually on women and
the Trump campaign recognizes that if
they are going to compete in November
they have to do more to get women engage
and to get women on their side so they
did spend a fair amount of time bringing
out you know the general manager of
Trump winery in Virginia who's a woman
these women who have worked for Donald
Trump and can kind of speak to his
character and who he is as a person so
you could tell at the RNC that they
recognize this is an issue for us this
is something we're going to have to deal
with and I do think that they took the
time to try and find some unique voices
that you haven't heard from and there
were some of the regulars you saw
senator Joni Ernst on stage senator from
Iowa who's a big Trump supporter
speaking on his behalf as a surrogate
you also had Shelly more capital from
West Virginia on stage so they tried to
bring out some big-name hitter big heavy
hitters women in Congress right now who
support him as the nominee but I think I
think they've got a lot of work to do if
they really do want to try and get women
to you know support Trump in the general
election yeah I mean I think comparing
the RNC to the DNC I do think that they
you know really try to showcase at
different different kinds of women who
are the kinds of roles which I
appreciate it and I thought that the
speech that his daughter game was really
really great um but yeah I think that I
hate the idea that folks I think it's a
common idea that folks have that like Oh
Democrats with a party of women and like
Republican don't care about women and
like they don't have any women there are
so many smart capable amazing women on
the right and like yeah I'm happy to see
these women get more of a spotlight
because as you said earlier when you
know you have representation whether
it's on the right or the left or
anywhere in between that's good for
every option so I you know I applaud
them for it because I think they were
making an effort to seduce yeah
highlight these women in these voices
and I would say that that should be more
reflected in their policy positions and
they are you know they care so much
about women which they say they do um
but yeah it's good to see this diversity
of voices including gender I'm saying
yeah agree I think you definitely have
sort of the stark contrast in terms of
hard policy supporting women and
supporting women in the sense that they
are promoting women to leadership roles
you're seeing a lot more involvement in
red states with especially on local
level um but I think like I've got a
long way to go before before I think
they are really going to be able to
compete on a national scale yeah it's
funny because you all you all use the
word like they tried to do this they put
an effort into this is that is that a
word that you you when we're saying they
tried it it implies that they may not
have succeeded in that you know they
were trying to do it whether they
succeed it or not I guess is a different
discussion but did you do you think that
that was the feeling at the end of the
RNC or is it at a feeling in comparison
to the DNC I guess is maybe a tough
question to ask on the fly but yeah I
don't I don't know if we'll know if it
worked or not until November yeah right
now Trump has according to Gallup a
70-percent disapproval rating yeah so
he's got it he's got a long long hill to
climb definitely and I think just to
sort of look at my point earlier i think
that like I think that women need better
representation in all levels of politics
and I
even though I think here at the DNC it's
been great I don't want to like spend
too much time back padding because i
think more women across the board is
better like yeah women of color disabled
women marginalized voices all of that
needs to improve on both sides and so
while we're here saying like oh was this
way at the DNC in this way at the RNC
right it's one I like set back and say
it needs to be better yeah more women
more diversity in all levels yeah these
are just the conventions they're not
actually Congress they're not actual you
know departments in government they're
not local government this is a
conventions where we talk about the
politics yeah it's go it's great to see
like so many black women on stage here
but like get us in the Senate right yeah
exactly yeah okay and I think I think
that goes back to the idea that we need
those leaders so that other women feel
like I can step up and run and that's
why it's so vital for there to be a
diversity of colors races voices
everything in both houses of Congress
the military presidency all of it i mean
it's it's absolutely vital that people
have others to look up to and say that
yeah okay i'll run for elected office
you know it's a huge decision to make
and it's um you know it what is the
statistic that it takes women four times
as many times as men to be asked to run
yeah actually you know so it's
definitely it needs to change and I
think that um I think both parties are
actively trying to push for that but I
think that currently we're seeing a
better job on them on the Democrat side
but yeah and I guess kind of to kind of
round out the conversation you know
there's a lot of talk about feminism and
how that's part of this conversation as
well how women have moved forward in the
vote in part because they organized and
you know feminists got together and said
hey let's make sure that equality is an
important part of all of these platforms
regardless of your political policy
implication there but do you think that
it's because of celebrity and media do
you think it's grassroots like what
exactly is there there's a lot of
companies investing more in kind of
their their female voices you know we've
got but broadly on Vice we've got lena
Dunham's Lenny letter we've got MTV's
braless I mean we've got all of these
shows that are women's voices many of
them openly feminist voices which
are out there and is that helping push
the envelope is that are those role
models also but outside of politics in
truth I think it's certainly helping I
think that it takes a village and I
think it starts in the classroom it
always starts in the classroom I can
remember being told yes you can do that
or no you can't do that in the classroom
and that changes your entire trajectory
but I think having those resources
available being able to go to someone
like an emily's list or a nanny's Lester
Carol's list or things like that and be
able to say hey I'm thinking about
running for elected office and access
the tools and help that you need to do
something like that and the same goes
for any profession being able to see
women's surgeons being able to see
things like that I think that we're
building a narrative and it's becoming
much more accessible and tangible for
women to look and see feminism as
something that isn't it's not foreign to
them anymore it's something that is
innate and then born in each of us yeah
and I like so much what you said about
this idea that it's not just about
politics it's about sort of our sort of
like cultural everything like you know
art culture movies all of that I think
that for a long time women were not
young women we're not seeing as sort of
a a driving force of anything not
politics like our vote was not respected
our artistic tastes were not respected
and I think people are starting to take
women more seriously and I think when
you see things like you know Lenny
letter broadly the establishment all
these women saying we don't need to sort
of you know necessarily break down the
door and be like please include us
because for our own media company right
like I don't need I don't need you know
whatever mainstream media did I tell my
story we can tell our own stories and we
can be very successful at it
economically people will love it and I
think you know I just think that for a
very long time people did not respect
women our choices are outlooks I reviews
and they did not feel like our stories
need to be told in an authentic way by
ourselves and so I think that we're
really seeing you know folks have pushed
back against that and say no women are
our choices matter or voices matter our
stories matter and we're going to tell
them we're going to be respected and
we're gonna you know kick ass I like it
yeah absolutely cool um I think see
like the discussion is kind of said
essentially that the women's vote is not
one thing but it's pretty damn important
right I mean and being able to win over
women isn't necessarily the goal it's
just kind of make sure that you're
remembering that they're part of the
process yeah yeah remember the ladies
guys thanks so much for tuning in
everybody make sure to check out our
video tomorrow morning it looks at the
power of the first lady and not just the
office of the first lady but how first
lady's throughout the history of the
united states have have changed what
being a first lady means and also what
might happen if hillary clinton became
president what the office of the first
gentleman might might look like which is
kind of cool so make sure you check that
out subscribe so you get more seeker
daily this is our last live stream from
the DNC check out our live streams from
the RNC shout out to my guy jewels for
doing all of that work and then I tagged
in for the DNC so make sure you tune in
keep watching seeker daily and we'll see
you next time
you
