France is not often thought of as a
model for socialism in fact many might
not even know that the country is a
social democracy with right-wing groups
on the rise sky high unemployment and
the president's approval rating in the
gutter many are saying that Frances
long-running experiment with socialism
is failing however others say this
political ideology is a key part of both
French culture and everyday life so we
wanted to know what a socialism like in
France well historically the birth of
socialism itself can be traced back to
post French Revolution political
theorists like francois noel buh-buh
they promoted economic equality and the
right for workers to share in the
profits of their production but Frances
current socialist policies were mostly
introduced by its longest sitting
president Francois Mitterrand office
from 1981 to 1995 his economic program
worked to nationalize key industries
increase the minimum wage by 10%
introduced a 39 hour work week a
mandatory tax on the wealthy and greater
workers rights Madeira is credited with
popularizing socialism and the Socialist
Party in France in 2000 the workweek was
revised again this time down to 35 hours
after which it would be considered
overtime pay additionally on average
French workers see one month of paid
vacation every year and among OECD
countries France provides the most
vacation time by comparison the United
States is the only advanced country in
the world without legally guaranteed
paid vacation short work weeks and long
vacations plus pro-union laws and
bargaining power make up the backdrop of
France's workers rights
like many socialized countries France
has also implemented universal health
care in 2000 the World Health
Organization ranked French healthcare as
the best overall in the world but it
doesn't come cheap in 2014 the country
spent 11.5 percent of its GDP on health
care costs which is more than five times
what they spend on defense health care
cost the French government roughly
$4,300 per person and covers more than
three-quarters of all expenditures which
is high by European standards still it's
less than half of what the US which
doesn't provide universal coverage
spends per person on health care but
nonetheless France has been struggling
the unemployment rate is over 10 percent
and for young people the unemployment
rate has been higher than 25 percent
additionally Frances left-leaning
immigration laws have led to the third
highest proportion of immigrants in the
European Union as of 2013 the recent
influx of migrants into Europe has seen
protests and riots by the French and
waves of anti left and anti-immigration
sentiments in fact despite the early
popularity of French socialism the
Socialist Party and other leftist groups
have lost significant support in polling
the most recent election saw the rapid
rise of the extremist right-wing group
National Front socialist president
Francois Hollande has the lowest
approval rating in French history
roughly 14% and has many questioning not
only his policies but the ideology
behind them if this trend of right-wing
growth continues it's possible that
France will change dramatically over the
coming years to learn more about
President Ollanta and why he's such an
unpopular figure in France right now
check out this video Elan is also blamed
for Frances weakening economy and
stubbornly high unemployment rate which
in 2016
hit 10% some attribute this to Frances
outdated Labor Code which protects
workers rights job security and the
famous 35 hour work week thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
