in April 2016 Saudi Arabia stripped its
religious police of their authority to
detain and arrest those who are deemed
to be violating Islamic law the changes
come amid years of complaints that the
forest has repeatedly overstepped its
authority and a broad consensus that
they do more harm than good other
countries have faced similar concerns so
what exactly do religious police do and
where they found well religious police
and force of government sanctioned moral
code of conduct usually in accordance
with Islam what we think of as a modern
religious police force began around the
time saudi arabia was founded in 1932
there the nation's first King employed
morality police allegedly in an appeal
to his conservative supporters the group
was later called the Commission for the
promotion of virtue and the prevention
of Vice and its sole purpose was to
strictly enforce Sharia law through
system of mandates which included daily
prayer gender segregation and abstinence
from alcohol and smoking the
organization was also known by the
Arabic word muta weaned which literally
translates to volunteer today both are
used as umbrella terms for religious
police and can mean both independent and
state-funded vigilante groups according
to a 2012 Pew study at least 17
countries have religious police most are
located in the Middle East and North
Africa though countries as far as known
Asia and Nigeria maintain a force while
nearly all religious police are Islamic
and operate in majority Muslim countries
a few do not in India a group of
right-wing Hindus act as unofficial
moral police but they're not employed by
the government and have been denounced
by the state and Vietnam interestingly
employs a sort of anti religious police
who crackdown on Christian and Buddhist
sects that openly oppose the communist
government but the largest and most
infamous religious police force remains
the Saudi Arabian muta wien which
employs more than 4,000 state-funded
officers the mucha wean was initially
embraced by Saudis however countless
instances of excessive force and in some
cases outright vicious behavior have
largely turned the public against them
in 2002 15 Saudi schoolgirls died at the
hands of the muta Wien officers
reportedly blocked the girls from
escaping a burning building because they
weren't wearing the state-mandated
modest clothing legal charges were first
brought against the muta Wien in 2007
when they fatally beat 28-year old man
inside his home under suspicion that he
possessed alcohol Lou told ween officers
sometimes patrol on their own but more
often than not they work in tandem with
the police before 2016 the force was
given a free hand to question follow
verify identification and arrest anyone
who is suspected of immoral behavior
this could mean anything from wearing
nail polish to public displays of
affection
today the force can only patrol during
certain hours and must report perceived
misconduct to police instead of taking
measures into their own hands and as
emerging technology has made it easier
to highlight religious police overreach
many are beginning to question their
role in society Saudi Arabia and other
countries struggle with how much power
to a lot these forces the debate will
surely continue so what laws are
religious police enforcing well in many
cases it's a form of Sharia law you can
learn more about Sharia law by watching
this video in the vast majority of
Muslim communities an eye for an eye is
seen as an analogy not as a literal
instruction but extremist groups like
Isis and the Taliban have a more literal
interpretation of the Quran and other
teachings so their version of Sharia law
includes things like stoning and the
oppression of women
thank you for watching seeker daily
please don't forget to like and
subscribe to see new videos every day
