China has gone through rapid industrial
growth for the last half-century and as
a result the country suffers from
record-breaking levels of pollution
droughts poor food quality and smog but
experts say China's most urgent problem
is its water supply which is plummeted
to dangerously low levels so what's
happening to China's water well the
issue is largely one of supply and
demand China is home to just under one
and a half billion people or about 20%
of the global population and yet it
holds only 7% of the world's fresh water
further complicating the matter 80
percent of this water is in southern
China while half the population and
two-thirds of the farmland are in the
north
that means northern cities must get
their water from rivers in the south by
way of manmade pipelines and canals also
known as the south to north water
diversion project when this launched in
state media promoted it as the cure to
the country's water problems but due to
grossly outdated miscalculations of the
South's water supply which is dwindled
from climate change and drought the
project has had little effect on the
crisis at large today more than 100
metropolitan areas face severe water
shortages and some like Lin Tao in the
north have run out completely on top of
this most of the water China does have
is heavily polluted more than 80% of the
country's water from underground wells
is not suitable for drinking or bathing
and nearly half of its rivers are too
polluted to even touch this is largely
the result of emissions industrial
spills and chemical runoff from
manufacturing facilities for instance
the Yellow River which played a key role
in the development of early Chinese
agriculture and civilization is now
lined with thousands of petrochemical
plants leaving only 16 percent of it
usable for household purposes and
although China has regulations in place
to mitigate industrial pollution
companies can often get around them by
negotiating with local officials lack of
clean water has forced many city
dwellers to resort to polluted water for
household use in fact nearly a quarter
of China's population or about 300
million people drink contaminated water
every day according to one report
polluted water is responsible for
and 90 million people falling ill every
year and China's water problems are
expected to get worse the country's
rapidly growing population and
industrialization coupled with its
increase in demand for coal are expected
to drop its water supply to dangerously
low levels by 2030 this crisis is
already costing China more than 200
billion dollars per year and according
to the World Bank it could eventually
lead to a war over the country's rural
urban and industrial interests in 1999
China's premier called the country's
water problems a threat to the very
survival of the Chinese nation 15 years
later and with no foreseeable solution
it seems as those fears are coming true
China's water issues don't end with
drinking water the South China Sea has
been an enormous source of territorial
contention for China and its neighbors
even sparking fears of war so what's
going on in the South China Sea find out
in this video
most significantly China has asserted
its sovereignty over nearly the entire
South China Sea violating the exclusive
economic zones of every bordering
country most of those countries also
have competing claims over a number of
nearby islands primarily the Paracel and
Spratly Islands thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like
subscribe for new videos every day
