throughout early 2016 the United States
the European Union and other world
powers released a series of joint
statements citing growing concern over
China's respect for human rights
according to Reuters the documents
accused the Chinese government of
covering up disappearances censoring
opposition and fostering a biased
judicial system among a slew of other
violations human rights abuses have
reportedly escalated in China since
President Xi Jinping took office in 2014
so what are China's human rights
violations well China is an
authoritarian state ruled by a one-party
system as such its government has
historically valued state sovereignty
over individual rights in fact China
didn't even officially recognize human
rights until the early 1990s after the
fallout from the Tiananmen Square
democratic movement one of their first
major treaties the white papers endowed
all citizens with the rights to free
speech and assembly and specifically
outlawed any media censorship in total
the government has signed and ratified
more than 20 international treaties on
human rights however China has
sidestepped many of these international
norms and the government's attitude on
the matter has gone largely unchanged in
China today the most frequent victims of
human rights violations are critics of
the government like journalists lawyers
artists and activists the state is known
to harass in prison and even torture
opposition members in many cases without
just cause for instance in 2015 the
Chinese government arbitrarily detained
or questioned more than 200 human rights
lawyers and activists were they
suspected of undermining the ruling
party experts say the crackdown was part
of the state's larger effort to
dismantle the rights defense movement
which is a group of intellectuals
defending individual rights through
legal action and activism by the end of
the year 25 people were missing or in
custody China's human rights violations
are often difficult to prosecute as the
country's legal system has been designed
to limit individual rights this was
exemplified in 2015 when China drafted a
series of laws that effectively silenced
dissent
under the guise of expanding national
security among them is an anti-terror
law that gives authorities sweeping
powers to combat militants and
separatists including the right to
monitor private communications critics
of the law say its definition of tear
is alarmingly broad and could hinder
freedom of speech and religion for
China's religious and ethnic minorities
China has also introduced legislation
that expands the state's power to
regulate and monitor foreign human
rights organizations this is all under
the backdrop of China's seemingly
endless war against the Internet
although most of the Western web is
already blocked under China's Great
Firewall the government does permit
certain sites albeit under tight
supervision for instance in 2014 the
state passed new regulations on China's
primary social media site WeChat barring
private users from sharing news current
events or anything that undermined the
socialist system the state has since
shut down millions of accounts that have
not met those requirements in an open
letter to President Xi Jinping Western
powers cited these and other
infringement on human rights as not only
immoral but harmful to China's own
economy they said the abuses have
created a climate of uncertainty for
investors who are particularly important
to China during its economic decline but
whether their concerns have any effect
on the country's systemic human rights
violations remains to be seen
and China's problems don't end at their
border learn about some of China's
controversies in regards to terrorism in
Pakistan by checking out this video from
our friends at China uncensored the
Pakistani government doesn't support
terrorism it's just that not everyone
agrees on who's a terrorist I mean China
calls this guy a terrorist thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
