eleven years after the Wright brothers
first flight World War one saw airplanes
revolutionized the way wars were fought
so just how have airplanes changed
warfare well before World War one
fighting was only possible on land or
over the seas but both land and sea have
distinct military disadvantages and led
to incredibly inefficient methods of
fighting for example trench warfare
which was last really seen in World War
one this is when two opposing sides
would hunker down in dirty wet holes in
the ground where they would fire at each
other slowly wearing down the other side
until someone gave up these were called
wars of attrition where both sides would
often suffer enormous losses in their
attempts at victory compared to
airplanes naval warfare is incredibly
inefficient so much so that since World
War two only two naval battles have been
fought although World War one was still
fought from the trenches small airplanes
were used simply to observe the enemy
and see farther than had been possible
before this increased military
intelligence and gave a moderate
advantage these were called Scout planes
and were often poorly constructed and
prone to failure but once the usefulness
of these Scouts was understood opposing
militaries sent up their own Scouts this
time armed with weapons to shoot other
planes out of the sky these early
air-to-air combat flights were primitive
and pilots simply had pistols or rifles
scouts were outfitted with machine guns
and able to fire directly on other
planes thus creating an entirely new
kind of aircraft the fighter plane
fighter planes quickly became popular
and by World War two in 1939 they were
completely redesigned they were made out
of aluminum with modernized weapons
attached and able to fly much faster
than before the original 1903 Wright
Flyer could go about 23 miles an hour by
the 1940s mono planes were able to fly
at more than 400 miles an hour the
ability to scout ahead also introduced
the concept of camouflaging important
targets from passing planes
similarly troops began coordinating
their movements at night when planes
would have poor visibility something
that had not been necessary before
moreover generals were not as able to
keep their troops safe behind the front
line as an
aircraft with a bomb or even a grenade
could fly over and drop it on sleeping
soldiers or a supply line techniques
like bombing a civilian city as Germany
did new London Blitz introduced a new
form of psychological warfare in an
attempt to discourage the country from
within and on top of all that new
technologies to deal with the airplane
threat were developed such as radar to
help sea planes in the dark and giant
anti-aircraft guns to stop bombers
before they arrived
airplanes effectively destroyed the
advantages of simply having a large army
and ended feudal warfare tactics like
trench fighting today airplane
technology has reached a point where
some wars are fought remotely being
forced to act strategically rather than
forcefully to war to a whole new and
arguably deadlier level but the
invention of aircraft didn't just change
warfare it changed the world planes made
it possible to transport people and
goods in a brand new way leading to the
eventual globalized economy to follow
along with the history of this
development watch this video up top and
to learn about some of the other ways
war has changed especially in regards to
the power of nuclear weapons check out
this video below thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe and we'll see you here
tomorrow
