Alaska's Bering Strait region is a very
very remote place it's quiet it's wild
and it feels a world away from most
global concerns the Strait itself is
literally marginalized on most maps it's
split between opposite ends of the globe
when in reality Alaska and Russia are
just 53 miles apart all in all the
Bering Strait is rarely the center of
the world's attention but that might
change soon the epicenter of this story
is Nome Alaska it's a city of about 3800
people and it sits right on the coast of
the Bering Sea
it's a frontier community with a
boomtown history gold was discovered
here around the turn of the century and
the settlement briefly exploded to
20,000 people or more and then collapsed
back to around its present size by 1909
now more than a century later there
might be a new boom on the horizon the
world is coming here it's huge it's
changing the world or you open up the
Bering Straits and you see what will
happen it's going to be phenomenal
that's Richard Ben Vil a longtime Alaska
resident and as he'll tell you I am
happily the mayor of Nome Alaska in that
pool Richard's only been in office since
last October but he arrived with plenty
of enthusiasm for Nome for Alaska on
hole and for spontaneous poetry the
Arctic lights have seen strange sights
but the queerest they ever did see was
that night on the Marge of Lake lebarge
I cremated Sam McGee but asked Richard
about the Bering Strait and he'll pose
you a thought experiment if you think
about you know the world and if you
picture in your mind the northern
hemisphere right and now you ask the
question how many ways can you get from
the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean
in the northern hemisphere by water
there are two the Panama Canal and at
the Bering Strait historically it's been
very difficult to get anywhere via the
straight sea ice in the Arctic is too
thick in the winter and the summer
season is far too short
hence the Panama Canal
but here's the thing because of climate
change none of that is a given anymore
ice in the region is thinner and melting
earlier which opens the Arctic up to the
world not only do make the ocean more
accessible for resources etc etc you
also have transportation and that is
incredibly important the Arctic is
warming twice as fast as the global
average and by 2050 entirely new
shipping routes will open up across the
globe through the Northwest Passage
across Russia's northern coast and then
through the Bering Strait many companies
for example have begun to ship goods
between Shanghai China and Hamburg
Germany through the Bering Strait
instead of the Suez Canal it'll shorten
the trip by almost 3800 miles all of
this means that Nome quiet frontier Nome
is actually poised to benefit from
climate change Nome is the only port in
all Western Alaska that has a dock and a
small boat harbor the Bering Sea is not
it's not a place where you can just put
down an anchor and stay out there storms
keep folks in Port for sometimes up to a
month at a time
Lucas Stotts is the Harbormaster in Nome
he runs the port here which is small but
bursting to the seams 25 years ago
according to the mayor there were 35 or
40 dockings in Nome last year there were
more than 600 and if a proposed
deepwater port is funded much bigger
ships could dock here improving the
calculus of Bering Strait travel even
more I can see this becoming a major
port for not only Western Alaska but for
the region in general the federal
government has actually wanted a deep
harbor in Western Alaska for a long time
back in 1958 the Atomic Energy
Commission actually proposed using
nuclear bombs to blow a new Harbor into
existence to the north of the Strait the
nuclear explosion reshaping the
geography of the land and dimensions
never before possible the project was
ultimately scrapped because of now
obvious health and safety concerns
so today most hopes for a big port and
for all its benefits Lyon Nome but not
all of Alaska has found an upside to
global warming
in fact just 70 miles from Nome change
is looking very different everything's
tied together get enough snow that
affects quite a bit of stuffing it
alarming environment you could you know
rain in the winter and that affects the
animals you get a layer of ice on the
tundra
you know they can't eat you noticed
springtime coming earlier breakup was
earlier this is what climate change
looks like in Gullah ving a
predominantly Native Alaskan community
of around 150 people it's one of 20
some-odd remote communities in the
Bering Strait region most are accessible
only by small aircraft and all of them
rely on subsistence hunting and
gathering to sustain themselves
Jack Fager strim is a lifelong resident
of galavan and he's watched as changes
to the environment throw the subsistence
rhythm into chaos fish are less
plentiful edible berries disappear thin
ice makes seal and walrus hunts
treacherous and the weather is a mystery
live here long enough you can pretty
much look around and oh and it's gonna
do we used to be able to do that but now
the weather change is so quick it's
different and those big storms in the
Bering Sea it used to be a 50-year event
you know that's happening every two or
three years now
galavan sits on a tiny spit of land
right on the water making it vulnerable
to autumn storm surges this is what the
town looked like in 2005 after one
particularly nasty surge more storms
like that and the village could be gone
for good which could make the people
here some of the very first climate
refugees
back in Nome none of this is lost on the
mayor the concerns about subsistence are
very real concerns change can be very
painful but you cannot ignore the native
people cannot it's their land it's their
it's their resource their legacy is the
far north still he can't help but be
optimistic about the changes coming to
Nome I wish sometimes people could see
what I see in my heart and what I see is
a vibrant city of you know going to five
five six thousand people having
infrastructure improved and I see more
tourism and I see more people and I see
I see the world humming what's clear is
that the whole world is starting to look
towards the Bering Strait to thawing
shipping routes to new boom towns and to
communities falling into the sea there's
a lot to be learned from the north and
the more we learn about what's happening
here the more we have to change our
perspective on the planet itself from
this
to this hey everyone we're really
excited to launch the new seeker comm
today it's home to all of secret Daley's
episodes plus articles photos and lots
more video about science exploration and
the whole world click the link in the
description below and share any favorite
stories or news you find with your
friends and as always thanks for
watching
