for more than half a century Israel has
been accused by both Western and Arab
nations of violating international law
in its treatment of Palestine Israel has
vehemently denied these claims
so has Israel violated international law
well the heart of the current Israel
Palestine legal dispute is concerning a
barrier wall running along the border of
the West Bank the wall is currently 280
miles long and 26 feet tall Palestine
alleges that the wall isn't attempt by
Israel to isolate them and take over
Palestinian land by affecting their
economy livelihood and even access to
medical care however Israel argues that
the wall is necessary for security the
government claims it was built as a
response to the huge number of suicide
bombings against Israel during the early
2000s Palestinian uprising known as the
Second Intifada suicide attacks dropped
significantly after the first section
was constructed yet the actual legality
of the wall is still disputed because
Palestine is a semi recognized territory
it does not hold full statehood and it's
difficult for the territory to represent
itself on the international stage the
United Nations has made repeat attempts
at resolutions condemning Israel on
Palestine s behalf and they've even
declared the wall itself illegal all of
these resolutions have been vetoed by
the United States which is one of the
few members of the UN Security Council
and a close ally of Israel there's also
no single governing body to act as an
official world police international
disputes fall under what is called
supranational law one of the only
official courts to process such claims
is the International Court of Justice
which is the United Nations judicial arm
in 2003 the United Nations reached out
to the ICJ requesting an advisory
opinion on the legality of the wall the
ICJ concluded that the construction of
the wall solely for the security reasons
stated by Israel was nonetheless a
violation of international law
specifically Israel is alleged to have
violated the Fourth Geneva Convention
and the UN's articles on state
responsibility first the ICJ struck down
Israel's self-defense argument citing
that the Palestinian territories were in
fact occupied by Israel
this occupation was noted to violate the
UN Charter and several UN resolutions
which prohibit territorial annexation by
force and denying the people of
Palestine the right of
self-determination as an occupying power
Israel was also said to be in violation
of article 49 paragraph six of the
Fourth Geneva Convention it states that
an occupying power shall not deport or
transfer part of its own civilian
population into the territory it
occupies the de facto annexation of any
land behind the wall
coupled with controversial Israeli
settlements built on Palestinian
territory put Israel in violation of the
Geneva Convention
finally the courts noted the articles on
responsibility of states for
internationally wrongful acts
it states that necessity which Israel
argues is the reason for the wall and
the occupation cannot be used to absolve
the wrongfulness of an act in violation
of international law but despite this
advisory opinion Israel dismissed the
jurisdiction of the court and no binding
resolution was enacted with the backing
of the United States which has veto
power and worldwide influence Israel is
generally able to act with impunity when
violating international law but the wall
isn't the only complaint against Israel
by Palestine just the only one to make
it to court to learn about the myriad of
reasons the two have been fighting for
decades watch this video up top and you
can also find out exactly why the United
States has been so quick to defend
Israel on the international stage by
checking out this video below thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
