Wow
we actually did it thanks to all of you
watching and liking and sharing we
finally hit 1 million subscribers there
are just so many people we need to thank
our loyal viewers our sister shows and
the entire test tube and discovery team
now over the past few years we've spent
a lot of time looking at religious
figures but we've been saving one of the
most influential for last his noodly
appendage the Flying Spaghetti Monster
because we've post a million subs we
wanted to know just how powerful is the
Flying Spaghetti Monster well first off
it may help to explain that the Flying
Spaghetti Monster is the central deity
in Pastafarianism which is actually a
protest or parody religion religious
satire has been around almost as long as
organized religion searching back to
ancient Greek plays in 400 BC today
organizations like the temple of the
invisible pink unicorn last Thursday ism
or Jediism are created to point out
flaws in belief based logic usually
related to Christianity for example last
Thursday is and believes that the
universe was created last Thursday
parodying the biblical interpretation
that the universe is less than 10,000
years old one of the most famous
religious satires
is Russell's teapot this was a thought
experiment by philosopher Bertrand
Russell he proposed that a small teapot
was in orbit around the Sun and he
challenged anyone to prove him wrong
since it would be basically impossible
to locate such a teapot it's basically
impossible to disprove its existence
which parodies a central argument for
the existence of a god
similarly the Flying Spaghetti Monster
was invented in 2005 by Bobby Henderson
after the Kansas State Board of
Education enacted controversial
education science standards including
creationism or intelligent design
Henderson argued that there was just as
much evidence for his belief in a flying
omnipotent heap of spaghetti and
meatballs as there was for creationism
demanding that Pastafarianism was taught
as well there are a few important
central tenets to Pastafarianism pirates
are the most divine beings and likely to
go to Pastafarian heaven which is full
of beer volcanoes and stripper factories
additionally the slow drop in the number
of pirates worldwide is direct
attributed to the rise in global average
temperature earthquakes hurricanes and
other natural disasters as such full
pirate regalia must be worn at all times
the religion claims to have 10 million
followers roughly two-thirds the size of
Judaism and roughly 220 times smaller
than Christianity but as a matter of
fact Pastafarianism is officially
recognized in a number of countries
including Poland the Netherlands and New
Zealand and although it's not officially
recognized in the United States in 2015
a woman in Massachusetts was even
allowed to wear a pasta colander on her
head for a driver's license photo
claiming it was religious headgear above
all else the Flying Spaghetti Monster
really represents the growing face of
atheism and the religiously unaffiliated
today those without a religious
preference make up the third largest
religious group after Christianity and
Islam with more than a billion
non-adherence worldwide from 2007 to
atheists and agnostics in the United
States rose from about 36 million to
more than 55 million meanwhile the
conversation about the place of religion
in a secular world has only gotten
larger and more heated so just how
powerful is the Flying Spaghetti Monster
spaghett about it anyway
thanks for being one-in-a-million test
tubers we literally couldn't have done
it without you and let's keep this going
let's hit our next goal of billion
subscribers right if you want to learn
more about the changing face of religion
worldwide and what the next few decades
will look like find out more in this
video but the five big ones are
Christianity Islam Hinduism Buddhism
Judaism plus the unaffiliated today
Christians and Muslims make up roughly
half of the world's population with 31
and 23 percent respectively thanks for
watching and make sure to look out for a
big announcement from us in the coming
days
you
