as of December 2016 Thailand's incoming
King has been implicated in a number of
embarrassing scandals with many fearing
he may disrupt the country we wanted to
know just how powerful is Thailand well
at roughly two hundred thousand square
miles Thailand is the second largest
country in the Indo Chinese Peninsula in
fact if it were a state in the u.s. it
would be the third largest bigger than
California but smaller than Texas
however the country's population is
roughly equal to both those states
populations combined with about 68
million people
where the 90% are ethnically Thai speak
Thai and are Buddhists the country's
official religion in particular Thailand
is closely connected to Tara vada
Buddhism which values charity and issues
materialism and is widely practiced
among Southeast Asian countries
Thailand's economy is relatively strong
and is considered a middle power with a
GDP of nearly 400 billion dollars it
ranks 27th worldwide and second in
Southeast Asia after Indonesia in the
1980s the United States dollar was
devalued by way of the Plaza Accord and
since Thailand's currency the baht was
largely backed by US currency the baht
was devalued as well this meant that
other countries Japan in particular
could get war out of their Thai
investments as Japan's currency had
actually increased in value this led to
significant investment in Thailand by
foreign countries and a strong export
economy based on electronics agriculture
automobiles and processed food but in
recent years domestic troubles have
weakened the economy in 2014 the
military launched a coup d'etat the
country's 12th in less than a century
the new military junta dissolved the
existing government in Parliament and
gave its leader general executive and
legislative power repealing the
constitution with the exception of the
king who stayed in place Thailand's
military is rather powerful with more
than half a million available troops and
a 5.4 billion dollar defense budget
accounting more than 1% of the GDP
according to global firepower Thailand
ranks 20th worldwide between Iran and
Taiwan coupled with the newly
established military head many believe
that Thailand could ultimately become a
military dictatorship especially as new
2016 laws allow military members to
detain and arrest civilians and this
isn't the only problem Thailand is
struggling with the country has one of
the highest rates of hiv/aids in
Asia with nearly half a million citizens
infected with the disease many blamed
this on the low rate of condom use the
country's illicit sex trade and
intravenous drug use the HIV AIDS rates
have dropped in recent years due to
concentrated efforts by the government
and other countries like the United
States these issues have also affected
tourism of the country which contributes
to nearly a fifth of the GDP in fact
Thailand's capital Bangkok is one of the
most visited cities in the world with a
perpetually unsteady government and a
new controversial King Thailand may be a
popular power but for how long remains
to be seen we can't do episodes like
this without our sponsors and this
episode is brought to you by domain.com
if you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain kaam is
the place to go in that next great idea
hits you get 20% off domain coms already
affordable domain names and web hosting
when you use coupon code seeker and
checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com despite laws
prohibiting criticism of the royal
monarchy the new king is widely seen as
unpopular so how did he come to power
despite his own popularity and what
exactly is he done that's so
controversial find out in this video
well Thai royalty is somewhat unique
first besides being one of the very few
remaining monarchies in the world
Thailand narrows down even further as
one of the only countries left to punish
negative or insulting speech against the
king thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos every day
