in 2015
members of Japan's largest organised
crime group the Yamaguchi Gumi broke
away to form a new gang Kobayashi goomy
similar past splits in the Yakuza have
resulted in years of warfare
assassinations in a terrorized Japanese
public at the same time organized crime
is seen as a necessary evil by many
Japanese people and their gangs are
often revered in popular culture so just
how powerful is the Yakuza
well the Yakuza is not one group it's an
umbrella term for all of japan's
organized crime groups with more than
50,000 members spread over 21
independently run cartels the Yakuza is
one of the most powerful mafia liked
groups in the world their largest and
most well known syndicate is Yamaguchi
Gumi in 2014 this faction took in 6.6
billion dollars the Yakuza's presence in
Japan dates back to the 17th century
however they were largely unorganized
and powerless until the wake of world
war ii at the time the US had just
bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki leaving
Japan and its economy in ruins as the
u.s. invested in rebuilding Japan the
Yakuza took over the black markets while
the government employed strict food
rations the Yakuza used the black
markets to gain both profit and control
over neighborhoods and towns some liken
this the way the u.s. mafia gained power
during Prohibition today Yakuza cartels
get most of their money through fraud
bribery drug trafficking and blackmail
the accuses transnational network of
spies extends as far as Europe and the
Americas and the group is known to
outsource assassinations and other
criminal acts Yakuza gangsters
manipulate politicians and powerful
businesspeople by leveraging
incriminating insider information in an
infamous 2008 hoax a Yamaguchi Gumi
front company got away with a 350
million dollar loan from Lehman Brothers
which was one of America's most powerful
investment banks at the time similar
schemes combined with constant
manipulation of the Japanese stock
market has made the Yamaguchi Gumi the
second largest private equity group in
the country even members of Japan's
ruling party have allegedly accepted
bribes and otherwise associated
themselves with Yakuza
Syndicates but despite their pervasive
criminal activity Yakuza gangsters are
often seen as do-gooders and their
cartels are glorified in Japanese media
Yakuza members work out of office
buildings and carry business cards and
cartels are often featured in comic
books and fan magazines Japanese mafia
is even known to carry out charitable
acts Yakuza gangs were among the first
to deliver aid to victims of the 1995
earthquake and the 2011 tsunami in Japan
what's more Yakuza membership itself is
not illegal and although Japanese police
have cracked down on gang activity in
the 21st century law enforcement is
generally incapable of controlling the
Yakuza this is because white-collar
crime is harder to prove and police like
the resources to track down most
organized crime so just how powerful is
the Japanese mafia well they're deeply
intertwined in Japanese society and
their largest faction is worth roughly
twice that of Mexico's biggest drug
cartel their international crime
syndicates are among the most
centralized in the world making it easy
to secure mass amounts of money from the
Japanese economy so whether it be as
heroes or villains the Yakuza is a
powerful and influential part of Japan
while the Yakuza is one of the biggest
mafia groups in the world it isn't the
only one transnational crime accounts
for around a trillion dollars worth of
revenue worldwide so what are some of
the other groups in organized crime
in Russia a relatively new mafia from
the 1980s known as the souls of skya
Brotherhood is considered the most
dangerous and largest group of the
numerous Russian mafias with membership
in the thousands due to post-soviet rise
of criminal Russian oligarchs the
Brotherhood is especially influential
because of their ties with top
government officials thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
for more videos every day
