in January 2016 the World Health
Organization named the Zika virus a
public health emergency of international
concern the rapidly spreading pandemic
has been linked to abnormalities in
infants and is expected to infect more
than four million people in just one
year so what does this mean for the
world and how do you control a pandemic
of this proportion well to begin with a
disease which spreads rapidly and
affects an exceptionally large number of
people is called an epidemic epidemics
like Zika which threaten multiple
continents and the rest of the globe are
referred to as pandemics Zika has
already been linked to birth defects in
more than 20 countries since the
outbreak began in May 2015 the disease
spreads through mosquitoes and usually
produces mild flu-like symptoms that
rarely lead to hospitalizations however
in the case that a pregnant woman is
infected Zika may cause babies to be
born with abnormally small heads and
permanent brain damage so what our
country is doing about it while nearly
all countries are legally bound for the
wh o--'s international health
regulations these say that in case of
public health emergency a committee of
experts is formed to suggest measures to
combat the pandemic in the case of Zika
this includes intensifying research of
the virus educating those at risk about
how to protect themselves expediting the
development of a cure and preparing
services for infected newborns world
leaders are also required to report
their findings back to the w-h-o so that
the organization can regularly update
the media before Zika there have only
been three other public health
emergencies the first was in 2009 when
the h1n1 swine flu swept across the u.s.
and Mexico two others followed in 2014
with a second resurgence of polio and an
unexpectedly large outbreak of Ebola in
the case of Ebola the w-h-o called for
103 million dollars in humanitarian aid
and mandatory exit screenings for people
leaving affected countries in response
several African countries promptly
closed their borders and officials from
Liberia and Sierra Leone initiated
nationwide efforts to keep people in
their homes following the announcement
the u.s. sent a team of health experts
and 4,000 troops to West Africa as well
as 10 million dollars in additional
money but the w-h-o didn't name Ebola a
public health emergency until nearly six
months after the first outbreak in West
Africa was reported according to w-h-o
officials Ebola didn't initially pose a
global threat as the outbreak remained
concentrated until an air traveler
brought it to Nigeria critics say that
if they had responded sooner the disease
would have been eradicated before taking
more than 11,000 lives this is likely
why the organization is designating Zika
as a public health emergency so soon
after its outbreak although the
disease's effects are comparatively
minor and causation to birth defects is
yet to be proven it already poses a
threat to most of the Americas so
whether it be for a mostly asymptomatic
mosquito-borne virus or a disease that
causes your eyes and mouth to bleed
public health emergencies wake up the
world through the potential magnitude of
a virus so often the best way to control
a pandemic like Zika is to first get
every nation on the same page but in the
end it's up to individual countries to
address their specific needs to contain
an outbreak
although Zika shows no symptoms for many
infected adults the disease can have
devastating effects on newborns to learn
more about these effects check out this
video by dnews the CDC says the best way
to avoid the virus is to avoid mosquito
bites now experts say that a u.s.
outbreak is unlikely to occur they
believe that most cases will happen to
those who travel to Brazil and other
affected countries but this summer tons
of people will descend on Rio de Janeiro
for the 2016 games which some experts
are calling a perfect dissemination
vehicle for Zika thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone be sure to LIKE
and subscribe so you get new videos from
us every day
you
