in November 2015 a Turkish Air Force jet
shot down a Russian military plane after
alleging that it had violated Turkish
airspace this international incident has
led to an intense standoff between
Russia and Turkey with neither side
willing to acknowledge any blame
although the two decided against going
to warm Russia has since ordered
economic sanctions against Turkey and
will likely cancel a multi-billion
dollar gas pipeline aggression between
these countries is not new as the two
have been engaged in conflict since at
least the 16th century so why do Russia
and Turkey hate each other well they're
negative relations date back to when
Russia was still ruled by SARS and
Turkey was still the massive Ottoman
Empire the two eastern empires were
split geographically by the Black Sea
and ideologically by cultural identity
Russia had been Christianized since the
beginning of the millennium while the
Ottoman Empire was predominantly Islamic
from 1568 until the collapse of the
Ottoman Empire in 1918 the two fought as
many as a dozen wars considered one of
the longest series of conflicts in
European history Russia emerged
victorious and almost all of them the
collapse of the Ottoman Empire reduced
it to a smaller Turkish Republic while
Russia underwent its own revolution this
led the two countries towards friendly
relations with the 1921 Treaty of Moscow
and a 1925 non-aggression pact but the
peace was short-lived by 1936 Turkey
controlled important territory
connecting the Black Sea to the
Mediterranean and refused to give the
Soviet Union free access to the region
this was further complicated by world
war ii when turkey was neutral but
friendly with nazi germany around the
end of the war the Soviet Union withdrew
from their non-aggression pact pushing
turkey to join NATO in 1952 the two were
completely and directly opposed up until
the end of the 20th century despite a
long history of mostly negative
relations the fall of the Soviet Union
in 1991 prompted a renewal of
cooperation a treaty the following year
began a rebuilding process culminating
in close economic
Tai's by 2009 huge investments on both
sides and numerous energy deals have led
the billions of dollars flowing between
the two countries
a planned gas pipeline as well as a
Russian nuclear power plant in Turkey
had many hopeful that economic
cooperation could help mend their
historical animosity but the November
2015 airplane shoot down has completely
halted friendly relations Russia has
ended communication with turkeys
military stop charter flights in the
country and referred to Turkey as a
supporter of terrorism Russia also
bombed rebels in Syria intentionally
close to the Turkish border Turkey's
president in turn has maintained that
they were within their rights to protect
their territory nonetheless he expressed
regret over the shooting as this tense
situation progresses it threatens to
reignite the historical neighborly
rivalry between Russia and Turkey now
you know about the tensions between
Russia and Turkey but do you know how
powerful they each are individually
watch the video at the top to learn more
about Russia if you want to learn more
about Turkey's national power watch the
video at the bottom thanks for watching
test-tube news be sure to subscribe so
you can keep up with more of our videos
