in 2009 the entire global wildlife trade
was thought to be worth more than 320
billion dollars and despite conservation
efforts by numerous organizations
illegal poaching and animal smuggling is
still incredibly lucrative China in
particular has long been a major
trafficking source but in recent years
the country has begun leading the effort
to end the practice so we wanted to know
can China and the illegal wildlife trade
well for decades China's been one of the
largest consumers and producers of
smuggled wildlife in the world goods
such as ivory elephant tusks and rhino
horns are harvested in Africa then
shipped to Chinese traders from there
they continue to Japan South Korea the
US and Europe this trade accounts for an
estimated 2.5 billion dollars a year in
just the East Asia Pacific region alone
and over the past few years prices on
illegal wildlife have skyrocketed but in
2015 mounting international pressure led
to China's renewed efforts to end the
wildlife trade during the symbolic
destruction of nearly a ton of ivory
Chinese officials announced a shutdown
of the few legal ivory outlets still
based in the country although the ivory
used in these legal sources comes from
government stockpiles the legal ivory
industry has been called a cover for the
use of illegal ivory this move to phase
out all production demonstrates an
active attempt to stop poaching rather
than turning a blind eye but China has
also called on the United States to stop
trafficking the u.s. is the
second-largest market for illegal
wildlife unlike the new rules in China
the US has been unsuccessful in passing
a national ban on ivory products
partially due to pressure from the
National Rifle Association ivory
acquired before the international
trading ban in 1989 is still legal to
use and trophy hunters can ship ivory to
the US as long as it isn't resold
China's also been proactive on the
internet working to shut down online
forums where poachers and traders would
sell outlawed products like shark fin
rhino horns and turtle shells in 2012
China confiscated more than 1
30,000 animals and animal products in a
wide-scale crackdown but it's not just
the government a number of companies
specializing in traditional Chinese
medicine have pledged to stop using
endangered plants and animals these
products often rely on the use of rare
sometimes illegal ingredients but
there's extras can land a manufacturer
in jail for five or more years a recent
survey found that 95 percent of Chinese
respondents supported a ban on ivory
trade and harsh punishments for those
selling rhino horns clearly public
perception has shifted and after
representing the face of illegal
wildlife trafficking China is now
leading the fight to end it
a Chinese international trade official
was quoted by The Guardian as saying
this move represents China's commitment
to building an ecological civilization
but even if China does manage to end
their role in the wildlife trade there
are still extremely active sources of
animal poaching in Africa unless the
sources can be blocked outright trade
will likely continue to learn more about
stopping the trafficking of wildlife
check out racing extinction com there's
a ton of great info about what's at
stake and what we can do to end it
thanks for watching and we'll see you
next time on test-tube news
