On June 26 2015 the US Supreme Court
made the landmark decision to legalize
same-sex marriage finally all couples
are able to reap the financial social
and legal benefits of matrimony but
beyond being able to refer to your
partner as husband or wife what are the
actual benefits of getting married the
US government has long encouraged
marriage partially because it led to
higher birth rates but also under the
belief that it would create a stronger
country historically marriage promotion
goes back to ancient Rome where
penalties were imposed if you remained
unmarried past a certain age today there
are about 1100 federal benefits rights
and protections given to married couples
before the Supreme Court decisions
same-sex partners and civil unions and
domestic partnerships were only eligible
for a few of those benefits largely on a
state-by-state basis for many this was a
human rights issue but it also had a
huge financial effect a married couple
can file their taxes together which
means that their incomes are added up
while the total amount necessary to
enter a higher tax bracket is also
raised for example single people are
limited to about ninety thousand dollars
in income before passing the twenty five
percent tax bracket
however married couples can make up to
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
before hitting 28 percent this is
beneficial when one partner makes
considerably less than the other as has
historically been the case but today
many couples see similar incomes which
can actually lead to a tax penalty for
example if both of you are 90 thousand
dollars a year then filing together
would actually push you into the 28%
bracket while filing alone would keep
you at 25 percent being married also
allows you to give gifts money and
property to your partner without having
to pay state taxes and the same occurs
if you died and your partner receives
your estate if you are unmarried they
will have to pay an estate tax on any
property left to them perhaps more
importantly those relying on their
partners Social Security will be unable
to continue collecting it after their
death
unmarried and this also applies to
similar government programs such as
health care disability and military
spousal benefits
getting married is also important in
case things go wrong often hospital or
jail visits are restricted to immediate
family only and if a medical legal or
financial decision needs to be made
while a spouse is unconscious or
unresponsive unless prior arrangements
have been made an unmarried partner
cannot make those decisions at worst if
someone dies and does not name their
partner in the will their partner will
have no control over their last wishes
there are a number of other benefits to
getting married including immigration
rights and interestingly the right to
refuse to testify against your partner
in court an unmarried couple has no such
legal marital confidentiality obviously
the government favors marriage and
encourages it by providing exclusive
benefits still if marriage isn't right
for you there are legal loopholes
available to gain certain similar rights
but it isn't as easy as getting married
some people still get married for what
seems to be a much simpler reason love
but love isn't that simple as this test
- + playlist will show click here to
watch now when you begin to fall into
love which is what we would call
infatuation your brain releases dopamine
adrenaline and norepinephrine which are
all brain chemicals dopamine makes you
feel good adrenaline you know what that
does norepinephrine is similar to
dopamine it makes you feel good and it
also decreases your serotonin levels
these chemicals light up your brain all
over which causes euphoria and also
something akin to like an obsessive
compulsive behavior thanks so much for
watching our channel if you want to keep
watching more test-tube news be sure to
subscribe
you
