in October 2015 the US Justice
Department announced that they were
releasing 6,000 inmates from federal
prisons around the country the largest
release in history officials have said
that this is an attempt at dealing with
overcrowded prisons the released inmates
are mostly nonviolent drug offenders and
undocumented immigrants awaiting
deportation with millions of inmates
still in prison
we wanted to know why does the US have
more prisoners than any other country in
the world well today the u.s.
incarcerate saw roughly one in a hundred
of its citizens that amounts to about
2.2 million adults behind bars but by
comparison in 1979 there were only about
300,000 total prisoners over that same
time period the number of people
incarcerated for drug offenses increased
by over a thousand percent so what
happened in 1980 well two things the 80s
saw a period of politicians running on
the promise of cracking down on crime
what this led to were much stricter and
narrower mandatory sentencing guidelines
small crimes would send a person to jail
whether it was justifiable or not people
who had already been to jail were
considerably more likely to return as a
result of the three strikes law
sentences were also made much longer and
parole was reduced in an effort to keep
criminals off the streets unsurprisingly
the previous decade saw the start of the
war on drugs and a huge increase in
nonviolent drug offenders facing years
in prison and while laws were enacted
that made it more likely that you'd go
to jail mental health services around
the country were cut to the bone this
meant that mentally ill individuals who
had been housed and helped in
psychiatric hospitals were suddenly
released onto the streets where now the
police were forced to deal with them
today a huge number of prisoners suffer
from mental illness as mental health
budgets are continually reduced some
have reported that there are 10 times as
many mentally ill people in prison as
there are in mental health facilities
additionally immigrants and non-citizens
have been increasingly sent to prison
while awaiting deportation or in lieu of
deportation altogether more specifically
many sentencing guidelines and
correctional policies end up targeting
minorities and the poor it took until
2010 for President Obama to pass the
Fair Sentencing Act this eliminated a
discrepancy where drugs which were
primarily used by poor minorities
carried heavier sentences than those
used by the affluent the USS problems
with overcrowding are further impacted
by
influence of private prisons which see
more money for more convictions decades
of broad efforts to eliminate crime have
lowered the standard to spend time in
prison and skyrocketed the number of
prisoners unlike in other countries
long-term incarceration is an accepted
part of u.s. culture until the focus is
shifted in line with other developed
countries the US will continue cramming
millions of inmates into five thousand
total prisons another factor that adds
to overcrowding is the u.s. bail system
which keeps lower-income non violent
criminals behind bars to find out how
the process works check out this video
giving suspects freedom until their
trial is a major aspect of the legal
concept innocent until proven guilty
however if you are unable to afford your
bail
you stay imprisoned until your trial
many of the problems arising from
waiting in jail like wage loss are being
considered discriminatory against the
poor thanks for watching test-tube news
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
