throughout the European debt crisis
Greece's played a prominent and
controversial role after hiding their
massive debt from the EU the country's
inability to pay back what it owes has
threatened to topple the European
currency so we wanted to take a closer
look at this turbulent and risky nation
just how powerful is Greece well Greece
officially called the Hellenic Republic
is a relatively small country at about
fifty thousand square miles it's roughly
the same size of the u.s. state of
Louisiana their population isn't so
large either and accounts for only ten
million residents
but although Greece is small its
historical impact on the world is
enormous ancient Greece is considered
the beginning of Western civilization as
we know it the origins of much
philosophy democracy theater sports
mathematics and science can all be
traced back to ancient Greece however
today the direct impact on global events
has certainly declined although they
have an advanced high income economy
with a GDP of about 240 billion dollars
there are also about three hundred and
fifty billion dollars in debt and in
recent years their GDP has been falling
with one in four Greeks unemployed still
the country enjoys a very high standard
of living most of the economy is based
on the service sector as well as
merchant shipping and tourism Greece's
important past and large number of
UNESCO World Heritage Sites make it an
extremely lucrative tourist destination
tourism brings in roughly fifteen
percent of the country's total GDP
besides Greece's somewhat risky
inclusion in the European Union it also
enjoys membership in a number of other
powerful alliances Greece was one of the
founding members of the UN and as part
of the Council of Europe NATO oacd and
the WTO these defensive alliances ensure
that Greece is in little danger of
military aggression as a result their
military is relatively weak ranking 65th
in the world their 450,000 troops are
largely the result of compulsory service
for males Greece only spends about six
and a half billion dollars on defense
comprising a little more than 2 percent
of their GDP Greece is one of the most
historically influential countries in
the world prime for tourism and boasting
a very comfortable quality of life
however its small size weak economy high
unemployment and limited military are
all unavoidable problems in the last few
years the government has implemented
severe austerity measures to Rhea
in their debt further lowering the
country's influence Greece may be
powerful enough to cripple the European
Union but not nearly enough to recover
its former status Greece's debt crisis
is the potential to destabilize the
eurozone could the European Union fall
apart watch this video to find out in
1993 the European Union as we now know
it emerged and offered all EU citizens a
common visa a common legislative and
judicial body and common voting rights
later in the 90s a common currency the
euro was also established between many
of the European Union members thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
