one of the biggest reasons people travel
the world is to do things they may not
be able to do locally for most this is
limited to trying new cuisines or
exploring ancient architecture but some
people take the opportunity to engage in
activities that are illegal back home
places like Amsterdam and Thailand have
gained a reputation for allowing certain
behaviors that aren't allowed elsewhere
yet tourists are sometimes arrested for
breaking their native countries laws
while abroad so how far outside the
border do country's laws apply well a
sovereign country is allowed to create
its own criminal code as long as it does
not interfere with internationally
agreed standards however its
jurisdiction or where exactly and to
whom those laws apply is usually
reserved to the territory controlled by
the country the ability to prosecute a
citizen for criminal violations that
take place outside country borders is
known as extraterritorial jurisdiction
for example most militaries are governed
by the country they are from and not the
country they are in
there are also particular types of
crimes which are prosecuted according to
international agreements these include
things like genocide and war crimes but
for general violations of a host
country's Criminal Code prosecution
depends on which country it is French
citizens are bound to French law no
matter where they are in the world and
by default they are also bound to the
laws of the country they are in
in situations where domestic and foreign
laws conflict Authority is usually
delegated to the country where the
prosecution is taking place if you break
your home country's laws abroad you can
be extradited back home to be tried
however some countries only extend their
jurisdiction to cover specific
situations for the United States there
are a number of laws pertaining to child
exploitation which make it a crime to
travel outside the country for illicit
sexual conduct with a minor
it is also a crime for US citizens to
possess child pornography anywhere even
if not intentional Americans can still
be prosecuted for unknowingly having sex
with a minor or taking part in child
trafficking other crimes including
homicide kidnapping assault property
destruction threats false statements and
counterfeiting are also illegal
everywhere for US citizens for most
other situations including drug use and
only domestic law applies the dividing
line is usually based on the severity of
the crime and how much it affects other
people or government so in places like
Amsterdam it is legal for tourists to
smoke pot on the flipside having a
medical marijuana card from California
would not save you from arrest in an
anti-drug country like Indonesia
essentially there are several areas of
law where you can be prosecuted no
matter where you are other issues are
delegated on a country-by-country basis
so before doing something that might be
illegal either back home or abroad
double check your legal standing or you
might end up locked up if you or someone
you know does commit a crime you can
still be arrested in the country outside
the one where you broke the law
how does extradition work flow you can
watch this video to find out a third
reason is if the extraditing country
disagrees with the potential punishment
of the person they're sending back for
example a country that disagrees with
the death penalty like France but
refused to extradite a murderer to the
US on the basis that they might get the
death penalty when they return thanks
for watching us and please be sure to
subscribe to test-tube news so you don't
miss out on our new daily video see you
next time
