millions of people travel abroad for
medical treatment from dental work to
major heart surgery all done at a
fraction of the cost back home medical
tourism brings in billions of dollars a
year worldwide so we wanted to know what
exactly is medical tourism while since
the mid 20th century health care costs
have exploded in many developed
countries especially in the United
States some have blamed this on a closed
system of procedure and drug pricing
which does not allow for free market
competition so when prices rise they
don't go back down other factors like
exaggerated insurance billing
malpractice lawsuits and infrequent but
serious doctor visits contribute to
increasing costs according to a 2011
oacd report a procedure like a heart
bypass can cost more than $100,000 in
the US however that same procedure could
run less than $4,000 in Mexico for those
without health insurance or high
deductibles medical tourism represents a
viable and beneficial alternative for
Americans the most common medical
tourism destinations include Thailand
India Mexico and Cuba in many of these
developing countries medical tourism
represents a lucrative and growing
source of economic revenue countries are
actually competing for medical tourists
in Japan the government is instituting
new policies that will help increase the
number of hospitals accepting foreign
patients while why the industry is said
to be worth up to fifty five billion
dollars however there are certain
drawbacks the u.s. Center for Disease
Control has registered several safety
concerns over higher rates of bacterial
infections and diseases for medical
tourists these can be attributed to less
strict sanitation rules in other
countries and the presence of contagious
diseases that are otherwise rare in the
u.s. in 2014 19 American women who
traveled to the Dominican Republic for
plastic surgery contracted bacterial
infections additionally transport
tourism has become a highly
controversial issue medical tourists can
obtain organs and transplant operations
without waiting in a long line and for
less money but the World Health
Organization says that the organs often
come from vulnerable people most of the
world is completely banned transplant
tourism
however organs can still be purchased on
the black market
tourism also presents problems for
locals who now face more competition for
healthcare in their own country
wealthy outsiders can crowd out native
citizens and even raise the prices for
certain procedures by increasing demand
health care providers too can be
required to change their practices in
order to accommodate and cater to
foreigners a recent report on healthcare
and developed countries ranked the US
last in effectiveness and efficiency
this is despite the fact that the u.s.
spends more money on health care per
person than any other country presently
the future of medical tourism is
expected to remain profitable as experts
predict billions of dollars in revenue
growth for the coming years another
unusual type of tourism is birth tourism
to learn more about this controversial
practice watch this video the law
allowing citizenship by birth didn't
exist prior to the passing of the 14th
amendment in 1868 it was passed as a way
to guarantee citizenship to African
Americans and their children this was
done in the wake of the Civil War and
the abolition of slavery
thank you for watching test-tube and
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
