for the 11th year in a row South Korea
has had the highest suicide rate among
OECD nations while suicide is often a
personal act and sometimes linked to
mental health disorders there is some
commonality throughout specific
countries certain environmental and
cultural circumstances can be
contributing factors to suicide so which
countries have the highest suicide rates
it is important to note that suicide is
often underreported the stigma
associated with the act leads to many
suicides being recorded as accidental
deaths per capita the country with the
highest suicide rate in the world is
Guyana located in South America with 44
deaths per 100,000 people Guayama z'
rate is almost three times that of the
global average some have pointed to the
extreme poverty rampant alcoholism and
easy access to deadly pesticides as a
reason for the high rate there are also
almost no mental health resources with
less than 10 full-time psychiatrists for
a population of nearly 800,000 Guyana is
infamously known as the location of the
Jonestown Massacre during which nearly
1,000 cult members simultaneously
committed suicide second worldwide and
first among OECD nations is South Korea
the juxtaposition between a high
standard of living and the high rate of
suicides has many questioning the root
causes the most common victims are over
the age of 65 while most suicides in
other countries are among young people
some attribute this as a side effect of
rapid industrialization the changes in
society and economy have put significant
pressure on South Koreans with the youth
trying to fit into a modern world and
the elderly feeling out of place this
has been referred to as cultural
ambivalence and is proposed as a
possible reason for such a high suicide
rate at roughly the same rate of South
Korea Sri Lanka is third and suicides
with nearly 11 self-inflicted deaths a
day some experts point to a number of
risk factors Sri Lanka is a very poor
country so much so that the poverty line
is established at ninety cents per day
for the past three decades relock has
waged a civil war against their ethnic
minority leading to increased
homelessness and social inequality most
suicides have been by impoverished rural
peasants which some have attributed to
the government ending farming subsidies
one country often ignored in suicides to
six is Greenland this is due to its low
population as the least densely
populated country in the world Greenland
seas over 100 suicides per 100,000
residents were than twice the rate of
Guiana according to the government one
in five have attempted suicide at some
point in their lives some researchers
suggest that suicide spiked during the
summer because in Greenland the Sun does
not set until much later in the day this
can cause insomnia which contributes to
mental health problems the country also
suffers from severe alcohol is localized
poverty and depression an estimated 1
million people commit suicide every year
unfortunately both mental illness and
suicide carry heavy social stigmas
preventing many from getting the help
they need Japan's attitude towards
suicide however it's way different
in fact they see it as an act of Honor
find out more about that on seeker daily
perhaps the most famous of these attacks
were orchestrated by kamikaze pilots who
flew their planes into Allied ships
seppuku also reemerged in modern times
in 1970 a world-renowned Japanese writer
named Yukio Mishima protested the
westernization of Japan by committing
seppuku thanks for watching test-tube
news have you subscribed to our channel
yet make sure you do so you don't miss
out on new episodes
