in 2015 a biotech company began creating
fake rhino horns hoping to reduce demand
and decrease poaching around the world
poaching is the practice of illegally
hunting protected animals and is
associated with extreme brutality and
cruelty many species across the globe
face extinction because of this practice
yet the illegal wildlife trade brings in
19 billion dollars a year so why haven't
we stopped poaching well overall
elephants are the most commonly poached
animals hunters target them for their
ivory a highly durable substance that
comes from their tusks ivory was once
widely used in the United States and
Europe but due to the near extinction of
certain elephant species its use has
been scaled down as far back as 1956 the
Steinway piano company replaced their
ivory keys for plastic ones due to a
decline in elephant populations but
poachers have found a new market in
China where a booming middle class is
eager to decorate their homes with rhino
horns and ivory goods in 2011 alone one
in 12
African elephants was killed by poachers
and in just a three-year period 100,000
elephants were poached in countries like
Kenya Tanzania and Uganda but despite
efforts by nonprofit groups like the
International anti poaching foundation
the practice still continues although
hunting for ivory was officially banned
by a 1989 international convention most
developing nations lack the resources to
combat poaching on their own poaching
has become a high-tech industry with
hunters even using helicopters to spot
their prey and evade capture by police
it's so lucrative that even some African
militaries illegally engage in support
the activity to deal with the threat
many anti poaching groups take on a
militarized approach they use
high-powered artillery drones and even
satellite imagery to defend endangered
species in South Africa some rhinos are
fitted with GPS devices and a special
ink is injected in there
horns this ruins their use of medicines
and makes illegal ivory easy to spot but
some say that the preventative measures
in place can end up hurting indigenous
populations tribes like the baka people
still rely on hunting and gathering for
their livelihood but anti poaching
groups have been accused of arresting
even beating these tribes people
accusing them of illegal poaching the
human rights organizations Survival
International even opposes the creation
of conservation areas claiming that it
hurts tribal people displacing them from
long-held land despite the devastating
consequences of poaching the increasing
market value for rare animal products
continues to drive the industry forward
and governments have long struggled to
police their vast preserves considering
the limited supply extreme demand and
lack of resources poaching is likely to
continue relatively unabated I recently
got a chance to check out a 3d printed
rhino horn and meet the founders of a
biotech start-up that's trying to save
the Rhino species with this new
technology you can learn about it by
watching my video on seeker stories if
we can basically fill the supply with an
identical product at a cheaper price
it's going to decrease the price for the
product and therefore there's gonna be
less incentive to poach why would you
risk your life and go and kill a rhino
and make a species extinct when you can
go buy from a store for 1/10 the price
thanks for watching test-tube news
subscribe for new videos every day
