in July 2015 America's youngest
convicted murderer
was released from prison Kurtis
Fairchild Jones and his sister were just
12 and 13 years old when they murdered
an abusive family member in 1999 they
were each sentenced to 18 years in
prison and a lifetime of parole so
what's the youngest age a person can be
tried for murder in the US and what are
the maximum penalties for juveniles
well it's widely recognized that young
people aren't as responsible for their
crimes as are adults this is because
they haven't fully developed both
mentally and physically according to the
American Medical Association in 2005
adolescents behavioural immaturity
mirrors the anatomical immaturity of
their brains research even shows that a
brain does not fully mature until a
person's mid-20s
however the age at which one is
considered an adult and thus fully
responsible for one's actions differs
from state to state in most states
anyone over 18 years old has
automatically tried as an adult but
several states have lower age thresholds
depending on the severity of the crime
and the judges discretion children as
young as 10 are allowed to be prosecuted
as adults and most states don't have a
lower age limit at all children who
commit very serious crimes like murder
are more likely to be tried as adults in
the u.s. over 70,000 children are held
in detention facilities and in 2012 640
children were directly involved in
murder cases juvenile court differs
substantially from adult criminal court
in many ways since juveniles are seen as
undeveloped and more malleable than
adults their penalties tend to involve
more rehabilitation in an effort to
avoid preemptively labeling children as
criminals there is legally distinct
language for the juvenile justice system
instead of being declared guilty a minor
is declared delinquent and instead of
being a defendant minors are represented
as the respondent so can juveniles get
the death penalty for their crimes not
anymore a Supreme Court ruling in 2005
banned the death penalty for those who
come
their crimes before the age of 18
however from 1976 to 2003 there were 22
executions of convicted murderers who
were under 18 at the time of their crime
in a few states serious juvenile
offenders can still receive a life
sentence in prison without parole
usually left to the judges discretion
however our life sentences are mostly
given in murder cases while other youth
crimes may be given long but not
lifelong sentences in an ongoing 2014
case - twelve-year-old girls who stabbed
a schoolmate 19 times could face up to
65 years in prison violent juvenile
crime is very rare yet the United States
has more youths in jail than any other
developed nation in the world one expert
pointed out kids under 16 are not
allowed to smoke legally they're not
allowed to have consensual sex they
can't join the army they can't vote but
when kids do bad things we decide all of
a sudden we are going to treat kids as
adults dealing with juvenile crime is a
controversial topic and ends up weighing
the difference between a minors
inability to understand their actions
and a victim's right to justice another
complicated aspect of the criminal
justice system is what rights are
allowed to prisoners in fact we needed
to videos to explain the whole subject
check them out here and thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget we
put out new videos every day
