in July 2015 President Obama became the
first sitting US president to travel to
Ethiopia however many human rights
organizations have criticized Obama for
the visit because of the country's
history of human rights abuses and
government corruption so just how
corrupt is Ethiopia well Ethiopia is one
of the most powerful nations in Africa
they have a huge population and a strong
diplomatic relationship with the United
States and with China the country also
has significant natural resources
including gold mines oil fields and vast
tracts of fertile agricultural land
additionally the capital city of Addis
Ababa is known as the political capital
of Africa and yet Ethiopia remains one
of the poorest countries in the world
around 30% of the population lives below
the poverty line and only a small
handful of government and business
officials hold significant wealth
several watchdog organizations attribute
the wealth disparity to widespread
corruption in 2014 transparency
international ranked Ethiopia as one of
the most corrupt nations in the world
the report alleged that there was
minimal transparency in public
institutions minimal oversight of
government employees and widespread
bribery one of the worst areas of
corruption is in land allocation despite
its importance to the agricultural
industry it lacks both oversight and
regulation another major issue is the
bribery of government officials to avoid
paying taxes this situation is due in
part to the fact that the Ethiopian
government has been dominated by a
single party for nearly 25 years this
party is known to suppress political
dissent in order to retain power recent
elections have seen party officials
claiming over 99 percent of the vote
spurring riots and accusations of rigged
elections during a 2005 election police
fired on a crowd of protesters who were
disputing election results killing 22
people Ethiopia is also known for severe
human rights abuses in the name of
national security political activists
journalists and bloggers have been
imprisoned and tortured for reporting on
political dissent former detainees have
described being held in stress positions
for hours upon end and being hung from
the wall by their wrists along with
other notoriously censored countries
like China
on an Eritrea Ethiopia imprisons a very
high number of journalists 17 as of 2014
during President Obama's visit with
Ethiopian leaders he discussed the need
to allow political opponents to operate
freely but he maintained that the US
will support the country and encourage
progress although Ethiopia struggles
with wealth inequality censorship and
human rights abuses it is still a
valuable diplomatic foothold for many
global superpowers
where does Ethiopia stand among the
world's nations find out in this video
their GDP is about 47 billion dollars
and ranks roughly 80th in the world
while they don't have significant oil
reserves like several other wealthier
African nations they do have booming
agricultural industries thanks for
watching test-tube news please spread
the word about our Channel we cover new
topics every single day so don't forget
to subscribe and share with your friends
