in 2015 Amnesty International called for
Iran to block a bill that would restrict
access to contraceptives and sex
education in recent years Iran has been
trying to bump up their birth rates
since a severe drop in population growth
during the 90s the Iranian government
has even introduced an official
matchmaking website so what is Iran's
population control problem well the lack
of population grows can be attributed
directly to back and forth birth policy
before the 1979 Islamic Revolution a
number of groundbreaking women's rights
laws were passed in Iran they mostly
changed the status of women from
second-class citizens to autonomous
members of society
however the 1979 shift from a secular
progressive state to an Islamic
theocratic Republic revoked those new
rights their religious leader demanded
an increase in population in the hopes
of building a 20 million member army by
1986 Iran had one of the highest growth
rates in the world and in just ten years
jumped from a population of about 34
million to 50 million this averaged
about seven children per woman compared
to roughly four and a half children per
woman worldwide but in 1989 Iran's new
religious leadership made a complete 180
they began to worry that the country's
food education housing and employment
sectors would not be able to keep up
with the growing population to stem
growth the country instituted a two
child per family limit and encouraged
widespread contraception including pills
condoms
IUDs and surgery the Iranian government
even imposed certain penalties on having
too many children including a loss of
food aid and no paid maternity leave by
2001 birth rates plummeted to just under
3 children per woman the drop in
population growth was so successful that
in 2006 Iran's new president mahmoud
ahmadinejad restarted efforts to raise
the population again this time from 70
million to 120 million he argued that
because the West's average population
growth was dropping Iran would triumph
by increasing their own however many of
the issues leading to the original birth
restrictions still remained including
inflation mass unemployment and even a
potential lack of water for the surging
population and their attempts to reverse
earlier policies Iran has since ended
birth control subsidies and passed a
bill that would treat vasectomies and
Tyvek Tamizh like illegal abortions
Iran's religious leader has also
apologized for pushing contraceptive
policy well into the 1990s calling it a
mistake despite criticism of increasing
Iran's population in the face of
resource and economic shortages there is
little chance of Iran reversing itself a
fourth time in the near future in their
attempts at population boosting Iran's
government has set up a matchmaking
website to appeal to tech-savvy youths
check out seeker Daily's video up top to
learn more about their version of a
dating app and to find out just how
powerful Iran really is watch our video
below thanks for watching and make sure
to LIKE and subscribe for new test-tube
videos every day
