in response to Russian territorial
ambitions in nearby countries Sweden and
Ukraine have expressed interest in
joining the protective alliance of the
North Atlantic Treaty Organization with
so many countries already a part of NATO
we wanted to know more about the history
and influence of the organization so how
powerful is NATO well after World War
Two the Soviet Union gained power and
forcefully spread communism into
neighboring countries like Germany and
Czechoslovakia NATO was created as a
unified front amongst Western nations
against potential Soviet aggression this
alliance also sought to prevent future
Wars and devastation at its outset in
1949 there were 12 original NATO members
including the United States the United
Kingdom and France today there are 28
members one of the most important
aspects of the NATO treaty is its mutual
defense pact this states that any attack
on a member country is viewed as an
attack on them all this agreement was
especially important during the Cold War
when it helped prevent nuclear conflict
the knowledge that another member of
NATO would retaliate to nuclear
aggression was a key aspect of the Cold
War's
mutually assured destruction after the
Cold War NATO continued to be a vital
political alliance with a focus on
global security today the organization
works very closely with the European
Union and the United Nations NATO is
involved in peacekeeping missions across
places like Afghanistan Kosovo and
various regions in Africa they manage
ground air and naval operations for
surveillance training logistics and
other crisis management purposes the
most recent NATO activity has been in
Ukraine after Russia illegally annexed
the Crimean Peninsula NATO has since
increased Air Policing missions in the
area and boosted support for neighboring
countries like the Baltic States so how
powerful is NATO well since its members
include the US and several other
prosperous nations NATO has significant
resources the combined wealth of NATO
members is more than 30 trillion dollars
and their combined manpower totals more
than
seven million troops the combined
military spending of all NATO countries
accounts for about 70% of the world's
military spending so NATO is a really
powerful alliance and the threat of
Russian territorial expansion may not be
the worst of NATO's problems according
to their website the defining threats of
the first half of the 21st century come
from nation-state failure and violent
extremism the only solution to these
problems according to NATO is a
vigorously coordinated international
response the United Nations is another
international peacekeeping organization
if you want to see how they compare
check it out specific instances that
haunt the UN are conflicts during the
1990s in Rwanda Somalia and the former
Yugoslavia the peacekeeping forces that
were sent there were too small to cope
with the violence
thanks for keeping up with test-tube
news and subscribe for new videos every
day
