according to the Innocence Project
studies estimate that anywhere between
2.3 percent and 5% of prisoners in the
United States could be wrongfully
incarcerated that's as many as 100,000
innocent people behind bars so why is
the u.s. convicting so many innocent
people the Innocence Project looked at
all of the cases in which a prisoner was
later exonerated of their crime due to
DNA evidence they found that 70% of
exonerated prisoners were misidentified
by an eyewitness this is a common
occurrence as studies have shown that
eyewitnesses are notoriously unreliable
people are also less able to recognize
faces of a different race than their own
so white people are more likely to
misidentify black people and vice versa
47% of cases involved some sort of
improper forensic science while DNA
testing is reliable other forensic
methods have been questioned things like
hair microscopy bite mark comparison
firearm tool mark analysis and shoe
print comparisons have not been as
scientifically validated these friends
at Clues are not concrete evidence like
DNA but they are often treated that way
in court they also found that more than
a quarter of these cases involved false
confessions or incriminating statements
in some cases police officers or other
officials lead or forced defendants into
false admissions of guilt and then
finally 15 percent of these cases
involved bad information provided by
incentivized witnesses jailhouse
informants or co-conspirators who
provide false information to lower their
own sentence or to point the blame away
from themselves innocent victims are
usually wrongfully convicted based on a
combination of these factors if you'd
like to hear how one inmate was
exonerated after 30 years locked up
click here now for over three decades
sledge pleads his innocence asking that
the forensic evidence used against him
be DNA tested but the key evidence has
gone missing thanks for watching
test-tube news subscribe for new videos
every single day
