as of June 2015 the synthetic Chinese
drug flakka has caused nearly 30 deaths
in a single Florida County new lab
created drugs have been increasing in
popularity as an attempt to avoid
existing international drug laws China
in particular has been a huge force
behind the development and sale of drugs
new and old so how is China fueling the
drug trade according to the New York
Times over 150 Chinese companies sell
designer drugs like Flocka which is
illegal in the u.s. designer or
synthetic drugs are specifically
formulated chemical compounds whose
effects are similar to existing drugs
however they are too new to be included
in existing drug legislation many
websites offer a wide range of illegal
or questionable illegal drugs to be sent
around the world primarily coming from
Chinese labs it was discovered that one
village employed 20% of 1,700 households
in order to produce crystal
methamphetamine in fact when nearly all
of the meth in the u.s. is made in
Mexico the chemicals necessary mostly
come from China so why isn't China doing
anything about their drug supply well
Chinese officials have promised to crack
down on the illegal drug trade and to
work with international law enforcement
however several countries dealing with
China have said that their attitude
towards the global drug problem is a
stumbling block China generally denies
responsibility for drug problems in
other countries as they don't negatively
affect China itself as a result this
flow of narcotics brings in significant
cash while ignoring a million drug
addicts within the country furthermore
China's massive chemical industry is
poorly regulated meaning that drugs can
be easily stolen or diverted without
raising suspicion when US federal law
enforcement official pointed to China as
being the number one source for
synthetic drugs still despite claims of
uncooperative behavior China's made a
number of high-profile drug bust
arresting over a hundred thousand people
and seizing 43 tons of drugs in less
than a year the biggest problem law
enforcement has encountered is that many
of the drugs produced in Chinese labs
are still technically legal in China
well authorities around the world
struggled to limit the flow of drugs
China's floodgates are said to be wide
open supplying anyone who can find their
way online to learn more about the
prevalence of China's latest designer
drug flakka and what's been causing so
many deaths check out this video by
seeker daily it's usually
flakka but it's also known as gravel and
alpha PvP which is an abbreviation of
its chemical name it's a synthetic drug
designed to cause a sudden sense of
euphoria as always thanks for watching
and make sure to LIKE and subscribe
