in April 2015 an Indian farmer publicly
committed suicide in protest of India's
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
although Modi was elected by a landslide
in 2014 he remains a controversial
figure in India so who is Narendra Modi
well the 64 year old leader is known for
his charisma and inspiring speeches
unlike many of India's previous prime
ministers who came from wealthy
backgrounds Modi was born into poverty
in a low caste he helped his father sell
tea at train stations before pursuing
his political ambitions with a master's
degree in political science he is
affiliated with the RSS a right-wing
volunteer paramilitary group and the
conservative Indian People's Party both
of these organizations are closely
affiliated and endeavor to preserve
Hindu nationalism in 2001 he became the
chief minister of the Gujarat state of
India he received praise for encouraging
outside investment and more tourism in
the area he also increased Gujarat's
access to clean water and hydroelectric
energy by raising the height of the
Narmada dam however by doing so he was
criticized for displacing thousands of
villagers the most controversial event
in his career came in 2002 during a
major religious riot in the state
starting under uncertain circumstances
the riots left more than a thousand dead
majority of them Muslim Modi a Hindu was
accused of delaying government response
to the disaster and exacerbating the
crisis however Modi has maintained his
innocence and later the Supreme Court of
India dismissed all charges against him
due to lack of evidence Modi was
re-elected three times as Chief Minister
of Gujarat until 2014 when he assumed
the position of Indian prime minister
during his most recent campaign he
promised to rejuvenate the economy and
give India more international clout so
far Modi has succeeded in cracking down
on government corruption and red tape
he's also been a vocal presence in the
United Nations and petitions for more
inclusiveness within the Security
Council foreign policy is one of his
strong points and he secured closer
economic ties with the US Australia and
Japan yet despite his humble beginnings
he has yet
to successfully address many lower caste
issues such as labor laws sanitation and
education improvements additionally the
laws that Modi has succeeded in passing
have been small and far between
according to news sources but criticism
aside Modi maintains a solid popularity
rating in India a Gallup poll in 2014
reported that 63% of Indian people
approve the leadership of their country
this is up from 2013 when just 30
percent felt the same way as India
reaches a new era of global prosperity
Modi may be the leader India needs to
instill a positive national outlook for
the times ahead for an interesting look
and how Modi is helping to save a
traditional art check out this video
from seeker daily to learn about how
powerful India is check out this one
below thanks for watching test-tube and
please click the subscribe button so you
don't miss any of our upcoming reports
