in May 2014 the European Court of
Justice ruled that Internet users have
the quote right to be forgotten
they ordered Google to remove
undesirable links to personal data that
is inaccurate inadequate irrelevant or
excessive when asked to do so however
opponents of the ruling say that it is a
form of censorship and could have a
chilling effect on Internet speech so
should you have the right to be
forgotten on the Internet this idea is
actually not a new legal concept a
decade ago the 1995 European Union Data
Protection Directive set the stage for
updated privacy rules in the digital era
with the ubiquitous nature of internet
record-keeping erasing information is
not as easy as it used to be many
believe legal protections need to catch
up with the 21st century the problem
with the right to be forgotten is that
it inherently contradicts the right to
free speech a person cannot simply have
information removed because he or she
disagrees with it or dislikes its
content but what information fits the
profile of inaccurate inadequate
irrelevant or excessive courts will have
to weigh how damaging the information is
to the person
versus how relevant that information is
to the public often the decisions are
made on a case-by-case basis examples
would be a rest record too revealing
photos regrettable tweets and even false
rumors or accusations however critics of
the ruling point to some controversial
cases as examples of unnecessary
censorship one use agency reports that a
story about a Scottish man who strangled
his wife in 2002 was removed by Google
as a result of the new ruling other
stories which may be important to the
public pertaining to things like tax
evasion or theft were also deleted many
feel that this kind of removal of
information violates freedom of free
speech and public access to data about a
quarter million requests for Google to
remove information have already been
made
currently the ECJ ruling affects only
search result on the European version of
Google and the removed results still
appear when search on google.com no
actual content is erased and the nature
of the internet suggests it will
just indefinitely so unfortunately
according to current laws whether or not
you have the right to be forgotten is
mostly irrelevant
now Google despite its struggles is one
of the most powerful companies in the
world to learn more about how
influential they really are take a look
at our video here
Google's wide success in the smartphone
wars with their operating system Android
is proof of their ability to take on
existing markets click the link in the
description to see the whole thing
thanks for watching test-tube and please
don't forget to subscribe
