on November 9th 2016 around 2:30 a.m.
Eastern Time
Donald Trump won enough electoral votes
to become the president-elect of the
United States of America Trump's victory
was unprecedented unexpected and for
many on both sides of the political
spectrum unbelievable seemingly
everything we thought we knew about
polling the media and the population
itself was wrong so how did Donald Trump
win the 2016 election
well one major upset was the inability
to predict which candidate each
demographic would prefer according to
preliminary exit polls Trump carried
mostly white male voters while Clinton
carried minority female voters but a
smaller proportion of white black
Hispanic and Asian American voters cast
their ballots for the Democratic
candidate in 2016 and in 2012 something
polls were unable to predict minority
voters were expected to make up for
Clinton's lower performance among white
male voters especially following
xenophobic and arguably racist rhetoric
from Trump Clinton's inability to garner
enough votes from these demographics is
part of the reason Clinton narrowly lost
in key states such as Wisconsin
Pennsylvania and Michigan since 1992
these states have been Democratic
presidential strongholds but they have
large populations of rural and
working-class white voters who make up a
majority of trumps base in 2012 Barack
Obama beat Mitt Romney in Wisconsin by
seven points whereas this year Clinton
lost by just a single point Clinton's
problem in 2016 was that she simply did
not gather the Democratic support she
needed while Trump's base stayed
consistent between 2012 and 2016
nearly an identical number of Wisconsin
voters voted Republican 1.4 million
while roughly a quarter of a million
fewer people voted Democrat when more
people vote Democrats tend to win and in
this election more people didn't vote
Democrat in 2008 nearly 10 million more
voted Democrat than Republican in 2012
that number was down to 6 million and in
2016 the two parties had nearly the same
number of voters all the while
Republican votes have remained
consistent throughout all three
elections it may be more accurate to say
that Trump didn't win this election so
much as Clinton lost it one of the big
reasons proposed for this low Democratic
turnout is that
Lynden simply did not widely appeal to
Democratic voters following the defeat
of Bernie Sanders many of those who did
not support her in the primaries
reported feeling coerced into voting for
her on the basis that she simply wasn't
Trump states where Sanders won the
primary such as Wisconsin didn't see the
support Clinton needed to win in the
general election many of the same rural
working-class voters who cast the road
for Sanders may been more inclined to
vote for any outsider candidate rather
than necessarily any Democrat those who
voted for Bernie Sanders white men and
Millennials voted Republican at higher
rates than in previous elections exit
polls even show that more Democrats
voted for Trump than Republicans voted
for Clinton and while Clinton got more
votes overall for minorities Millennials
and those making under $50,000 annually
Trump was able to secure a larger
portion of those demographics than in
previous elections the 2016 election was
also marked by extreme voter apathy
despite the volume of rhetoric in the
lead up according to some reports voter
turnout was the lowest it's been since
the 2000 election with nearly half of
all eligible voters abstaining this
election has proved wrong nearly every
political model used to predict the
winner Hillary Clinton put up a strong
campaign raised 1.3 billion dollars and
had some of the best media organization
in history but in the face of a growing
global populist movement many have
pointed to this election as a referendum
on change unlike Obama Clinton was
unable to win over the support she
needed despite gaining more votes
overall ultimately this election
reflects a growing voice in the United
States whether it be those disillusioned
with the political system those who feel
disenfranchised within their own party
and even the alt-right which has
devastated the GOP and longtime members
such as the Bush family but it also
shows a change in the way presidential
campaigns can be run although Trump's
win is a surprise it's the reality we
all now live in so why did most polls
show that Clinton would end up winning
what's wrong with polling and should you
trust it find out in this video
another problem with polling is the
reticence to even state an opinion poll
now have an extremely low response rate
back in the late 70s an 80% response
rate was considered acceptable by 2012
the Pew Research Center reported that
that number had dropped to 9% thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like subscribe for more videos every day
