as serious struggles through an ongoing
civil war and the terrorist group Isis
spreads through the region there seems
to be one person being blamed for the
significant decline of the Middle
Eastern country Bashar al-assad
so is Assad destroying Syria well Syria
was already suffering from a dynastic
authoritarian regime since Assad's
father seized power in the 1970s in a
coup d'etat when Bashar took over as the
nepotistic ruler of Syria in 2000 he
continued his father's repressive regime
he instigated severe crackdowns on any
political dissent private or public the
resulting backlash forced and to release
a number of political prisoners to ease
tensions but it didn't work by 2011 when
much of the Arab world was revolting
during the Arab Spring Assad authorized
the release of a significant number of
terrorists leaders from prison these
terrorists would soon after regrouped to
form Isis this coupled with violent
crackdowns on protesters turned the Arab
Spring into an armed rebellion by the
Syrian opposition pitting the Sunni
Muslim majority against Assad's Aloisio
minority as the civil war progressed
Assad continued arresting citizens and
was personally implicated in a number of
war crimes by the UN including the
imprisonment and killing of his own
citizens by 2015 some 200-thousand
political prisoners alone had been
jailed for speaking out against the
regime although most of the Arab League
along with the US and EU have demanded
that Assad step down as president he
instead ran for a third term in 2014 his
victory was widely considered
illegitimate and the votes faith or
coerced recent reports suggest that
Assad has been assisting Isis militarily
in their spread across Syria in the
meantime
Assad's actions have forced 6.5 million
residents out of their homes and 3
million out of the country as well as
decimating the economy and military
reports say that Syria would not return
to pre Civil War conditions for another
30 years at least following the end of
the conflict in short Bashar al-assad is
not only destroying Syria but
essentially helped facilitate the
formation and rise of Isis to learn
about where they're going check out
video nine and a half million Syrians
have been forced to flee their homes
over three million of those have fled
the country there's a link to that video
in the description below thanks so much
for watching test-tube news
