in May of 2015 China issued multiple
warnings to a US surveillance plane they
asserted that the US had flown over
their artificial islands in the South
China Sea unprovoked in response the US
defended their reconnaissance flight in
light of China's aggressive claims over
the disputed area so what's going on why
is the South China Sea so important well
for starters the South China Sea is one
of the most highly disputed regions in
the world a roughly one and a half
million square miles owned is bordered
by China Brunei Indonesia Malaysia the
Philippines Singapore Taiwan and Vietnam
all have overlapping claims over
different parts of the region most
significantly China has asserted its
sovereignty over nearly the entire South
China Sea violating the exclusive
economic zones of every bordering
country most of those countries also
have competing claims over a number of
nearby islands primarily the Paracel and
Spratly Islands so why are all these
countries fighting over this region well
for starters the South China Sea is the
second most used sea lane in the world
and hosts a third of all overseas
shipping it also represents a third of
the world's marine biodiversity meaning
that fishing rights are heavily disputed
as well but perhaps most importantly
beneath the sea of water is a massive
sea of oil and natural gas some
estimates have suggested that there are
about 28 billion barrels worth of oil
under the seabed along with around 266
trillion cubic feet of natural gas so
who really owns the area well China
claims that they've owned the Paracel
and Spratly Islands including the
surrounding water since the 3rd century
archeological finds from the 5th century
support this claim however Vietnam says
that they officially documented their
rights to the islands back in the 17th
century this is well before China
legally staked its claim in the 19th
century the Philippines on the other
hand claimed Dominion based on proximity
as the Spratly Islands are closest to
them meanwhile Malaysia and Brunei have
used the United Nations Convention on
the law of the sea to say that their
exclusive economic zones give them
rights to parts of the South China Sea
this
dispute has led to a number of island
invasions and battles mostly between
China and Vietnam in the 70s and 80s
China twice fought Vietnam over the
islands and killed more than a hundred
soldiers and sailors in total then in
2012 China created an administrative
body in the Paracel Islands in spite of
Vietnam and the Philippines two years
later they began drilling for oil and
Viet Nam's disputed area China's
aggressive actions have created a strong
sense of conflict between the Southeast
Asian countries and even with US
diplomatic intervention
it doesn't seem as though China is
willing to back down there's a ship
patrolling in the South China Sea that's
been active since World War two
protecting the Philippine waters from
the Chinese reach to learn more about
this fascinating vessel check out
seekers video right here today we're
asking the five W's about this a
dilapidated world war ii ship which is
actually still active and currently
camped out in the middle of the ocean
thanks for watching test-tube don't
forget to subscribe
