in Texas on May 17th a deadly dispute
between two motorcycle gangs resulted in
nine dead bikers and almost two hundred
arrests
although biker gang membership is
declined in recent decades inter gang
violence is still prevalent in pockets
around the country so which are
America's most powerful outlaw
motorcycle gangs well to start with the
US Justice Department defines outlaw
motorcycle gangs as organizations whose
members use their motorcycle clubs as
conduits for criminal enterprises they
allegedly traffic illegal weapons and
drugs that are known to be violent
according to federal investigators there
are more than 300 active biker gangs in
the United States with thousands of
members some of the most powerful gangs
even have chapters outside the US the
recent violence in Texas happened
between two gangs called the Cossacks
and the Bandidos the Kasich's founded in
Texas in 1969 are a lesser known gang
mostly local to the state the Bandidos
are one of the most prevalent outlaw
gangs they were founded in 1966 in Texas
and claimed more than 2000 affiliates
including members in nations like
Australia Canada Thailand and France
they're listed by the US Department of
Justice as America's second largest
outlaw biker gang other major gangs
include the black Pistons the Mongols
the outlaws the pagans the Sons of
Silence the Vagos and the Hells Angels
all of these clubs operate in multiple
states each with hundreds of members
these gangs have been linked to multiple
assaults and the wide distribution of
methamphetamine the most powerful and
most well known outlaw biker gang is the
Hells Angels founded in 1948 in
California Hells Angels claims up to
2,500 members and more than 230 chapters
in the US and 26 other foreign nations
according to officials the Hells Angels
are involved in trafficking marijuana
meth cocaine heroin LSD ecstasy PCP and
other pharmaceuticals they also
reportedly maintain dominance through
the use of assault extortion murder
money-laundering and theft American
biker gangs still wield a significant
presence of the nation as illustrated by
the recent events in Texas and although
they often call themselves biker clubs
they are incredibly dangerous groups not
unlike the Mafia and other street gangs
however there are some tough looking
biker groups which are actually
charitable organizations the Patriot
Guard riders for instance attend
of soldiers police and firefighters in
order to fill out the crowd and protect
against any funeral protesters they're
also bikers against child abuse who
create a much needed support network for
at-risk children if you're interested in
hearing the full story on these positive
organizations take a look at this video
here or if you want another inspiring
story about babe's ride out a badass
female motorcycle ride in the desert of
California check out one of the videos
below thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to subscribe
