the 2016 election has proven to be one
of the most unexpected and divided
elections in recent history but outside
of the United States there seems to be a
less of a divide over the two candidates
and more of a surprise at the overall
state of affairs in the United States so
we reached out around the world to find
out what exactly do not Americans think
of the 2016 election well both Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump are generally
seen as controversial but for a wide
majority of the world Trump is the
center of their focus I think everyone
had heard about the so creative unit
banning Muslims I just thought that was
just absolutely disgusting
some people were rightly concerned about
their safety they're like oh like if
Donald Trump wins it's not going to end
up well for Iran if I were an American
citizens
I would definitely vote for abstentions
leader Secretary Clinton snore mr.
Trump's a trustworthy trans population
has been a bit of a shock so much so
that for many the front-runner Clinton
is at the back of their minds there's
some email thing which is going on
recently but I just don't think it grabs
people's attention and to want to talk
about it enough Athena any conversations
that you being had here is not sort of
quite hate Hillary one it's more of what
in Isis and Jon are getting out to in
the UK Clinton has also been repeatedly
compared to Margaret Thatcher who was
famously and widely disliked but
considered a strong and decisive leader
similar comparisons have been made in
Germany as well which currently has a
center-right leading female leader an
election week poll found that 86% of
Germans would sooner vote for Clinton
compared to just 4% for Trump I would
vote for Democrats and therefore Hillary
Clinton even though I don't necessarily
agree with our politics in Germany we
used to vote for parties rather than
people so I guess the course of the
entire party is more important to us
than individuals notably the potential
election of a female president has not
been seen as groundbreaking outside of
the US where female leaders have become
more common nonetheless in more socially
progressive countries like France
Clinton's appeal stands out especially
in life Trump I think how program speak
to me because several of its called
principled accent - what - get in France
and what we are very attached to those
living in Mexico are no less willing to
hide there to stay
then Trump has been willing to make
inflammatory comments about their
country one Mexican academic compared
the fear of Latinos in the u.s. to the
fear of communism in the 1950s
predicting a brown panic brought on by
Trump's rhetoric as for Clinton many in
Mexico clearly prefer her to the
alternative with one law student telling
the LA Times she's an intelligent woman
and knows Mexico
it appears that she supports immigration
but people from other countries
particularly in the Middle East don't
seem altogether excited about a Clinton
presidency a report in June by The
Washington Post showed that Egyptians
seem less concerned with who becomes
president and expect the result to be
roughly the same for them negative not
far away
Iranian similarly seem guarded
especially in light of the recent
nuclear deal there were the sense of
fear people were asking me like how does
Donald term qualifies how is that even
possible
they're letting someone like that run
for the election you will definitely
overwrite the appeal interestingly many
Israelis have shown support for Trump
although the common thread of anyone who
sports Israel seems more important than
the candidates themselves Trump as a
Republican is more likely to
unconditionally support Israel while
there are some fears of Clinton
continuing the u.s. is allied but
critical stance
despite her overall support the biggest
difference between the US and the rest
of the world seems to be the level of
shock surrounding Trump's success one
German academic wrote Trump's
unstoppable rise is seen mostly as a
symptom of a distinctly American disease
in no other democracy in the world it is
said could voters be so openly motivated
by greed shows so little concern for
less privileged fellow citizens and be
so politically ignorant nonetheless
while Clinton is the preferred choice
she is not without criticism by the rest
of the world if you're a fan of
innovative storytelling you should check
out secret VR our newest YouTube channel
has all our 360 videos in one place we
sent a camera from earth to the edge of
space and you can relive the whole thing
here right now the air pressure is about
90 percent lower than it is back on the
ground close to the atmospheric pressure
in space
under these conditions your body would
not be able to survive without a
spacesuit please make sure you subscribe
to seeker VR we promise you'll love
what's coming
