in December 2014 Northern Ireland passed
a bill making it the latest country to
penalize those who buy sex instead of
those who sell it this kind of
legislation against prostitution was
first introduced in 1999 in Sweden to
great success many countries have since
followed their example so what are the
prostitution laws like around the world
and should prostitution be legal well
first of all prostitution simply put is
sex for money this comes under the
umbrella term of sex work however it is
legally distinct from other industries
like pornography prostitution is
generally correlated with higher rates
of crime and poverty and that's part of
the reason many countries want to get
rid of the practice however many
governments have turned to legalizing
prostitution as a form of harm reduction
to give vulnerable sex workers more
protections most South American
countries allow prostitution including
Brazil and Argentina and many European
countries have legalized aspects of
prostitution - including Germany the
United Kingdom France and Spain notably
Australia and India have also
decriminalized forms of prostitution
some of the most famous red-light
districts are in the Netherlands
Thailand Germany Japan and France and
while not all of these countries
officially consider prostitution legal
major cities often have more liberal
attitudes towards sex work legalizing
prostitution and adding government
regulation has shown to benefit sex
workers and society at large in the
Australian Capital Territory in 1992 law
decriminalized prostitution and set up a
government registry for sex workers and
brothels
this helped confine the sex industry to
specific areas cut down on crime and
promote testing for sexually transmitted
diseases in 2003 New Zealand also took
measures to legally regulate
prostitution the prostitution Reform Act
sought specifically to safeguard the
rights of sex workers promote public
health and reduced child prostitution
the 2008 committee charged with
evaluating the perform acts
effectiveness concluded that there had
been a generally positive effect from
decriminalization and increased
government oversight Sweden is also
famously reformed prostitution laws with
success towards achieving gender
equality their laws which only punish
the buyer of sex with fines and jail
time view prostitution as a form of
serious violence against women 15 years
of passes
the initial introduction of this law in
Sweden has seen prostitution rates cut
in half Swedish prostitutes also get
paid more than anywhere else in Europe
contributing to a better quality of life
for prostitutes presently the Swedish
model has inspired several other
countries including Norway Iceland and
most recently in Northern Ireland to
pass similar laws and although
prostitution industries vary widely
across the world legalization and
decriminalization of prostitution as
many benefits and should merit serious
consideration from other world
governments the city of Rome has a
prostitution problem but the way they
are attempting to address the issue is
pretty strange check out this video from
seeker to learn more so Rome is trying a
new solution the mayor has just approved
a new plan to corral prostitutes into a
zone specifically designated for
prostitution
Rome's very own red-light district the
city has a somewhat confusing legal
structure around prostitution thanks for
watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe for all of our latest videos
straight into your inbox
