and the u.s. detects a lot of things
that are bad for you like tobacco
alcohol and soda these are called
syntaxes and are meant to discourage
behavior that's harmful to society but
do they work well the idea of taxing
things that are bad for us like tobacco
alcohol and soda goes back a long way
90% of US tax revenue between 1863 and
1913 came from taxes on tobacco wine
liquor and beer and while they make up
less overall revenue today they're not
uncommon and in fact some states rely
heavily on so yes sin taxes work as far
as bringing in money but if he actually
stops in well taxes on tobacco if shown
to lower smoking rates and improve
public health and higher prices on
alcohol could help reduce some of its
consequences like underage drinking and
alcohol-related driving accidents so
what about soda well there aren't a lot
of statistics yet because soda taxes
aren't as common but a sin tax on soda
is not a new idea the idea of taxing
soda because it's unhealthy has been
talked about for decades and soda and
sugar taxes have been implemented around
the world however the first one to pass
in the US was only in 2015 an early
results are positive with soda
consumption down 20% in some
neighborhoods critics argue that sin
taxes are aggressive disproportionately
affecting the poor they also point out
that buying less soda doesn't mean
someone isn't choosing something just as
unhealthy with lots of money coming from
both sides of the debate the argument
about the benefits or detriments of sin
taxes are likely to continue for years
you
