Brazil's economy is changing and its
people are changing with it
over the past decade more than 40
million Brazilian citizens have entered
the middle class this emerging class
known as Class C currently makes up more
than half of the population and wields
significant power so what is Brazil's
Class C and how is it changing Brazil
this episode is brought to you by aj+
well Brazil's socioeconomic classes are
rigidly structured based on monthly
income the classes are ranked from A to
E and were originally used as
descriptors for marketing research the
wealthiest group Class A earns more than
three thousand three hundred and sixty
five dollars per month while the poorest
Class E earns less than three hundred
and thirty six dollars and in between
you've got Class C making between 700 to
1700 per month that may not seem like
middle class material in the United
States or Europe but in Brazil it's
pretty substantial Brazil's income
inequality has been staggeringly high
we're talking apartheid like conditions
where the poor live in favelas and the
wealthy in the city the new middle-class
status has given Brazil's previously for
residents considerably more say as
consumers and citizens advertisers have
taken notice of the state classes near
spending power and are heavily targeting
them in recent years they focused less
on celebrity or luxury and more on hard
work and life lessons the emerging
middle class is also out spending their
wealthier counterparts through sheer
size alone one mall in Rio de Janeiro
has attributed half of its sales to
Class C shoppers across the board
housing cars electronics and clothes are
financially dominated by Brazil's
growing middle class but not everyone is
excited about the new spenders some of
the country's wealthier residents have
blasted the influx of this new middle
class into previously exclusive
activities like tourism Brazil's
economic upturn has been largely
credited to ex-president Lula da Silva
his social welfare programs and fiscally
responsible spending
brasil into the eighth largest economy
in the world between 2003 and 2014 the
lower D and E class is shrunk by nearly
50 million to about half their original
size and the new policies widely
increased standards of living and
disposable income for the lower classes
the changing face of Brazil's economy
could be a huge step in easing
long-standing social tensions between
the classes over at aj+ we investigated
the dreadful conditions in Brazil's
favelas in more detail take a look at
our video here the hardwa gain yanking
my softening ain't no poverty yes this
was my spa but it gained so much as my
spoke help over that's far fail
thank you for watching test-tube and
don't forget to subscribe
