over the recent months Kenya has been at
the forefront of the fight against
extremism in East Africa as one of the
most influential countries in the region
Kenya has been an instrumental in Africa
shift in keeping up with the world
economy but they're also still harboring
problems of the past so how powerful is
Kenya well size-wise Kenya is not all
that large at about 225 thousand square
miles it's not only the world's 49th
largest country but it is actually just
a bit smaller than Texas however
comparatively Kenya has the seventh
largest population in Africa there are
nearly 45 million people even when
accounting for the region's higher
mortality rate and widespread AIDS
crisis as a result of the low life
expectancy coupled with a recent
population boom nearly three-quarters of
Kenyans are younger than 30 but Kenya's
real strength lies in the size of their
economy in South East and Central Africa
can you boast the largest GDP about 55
billion dollars a year that may not
sound like much but the relative
political and ideological stability has
let the country focus on advancing
market-friendly policies and safe
investment and trade plus Kenya's
economy is largely propped up by tourism
but despite their higher than average
economy Kenya is still developing they
have one of the lowest Human Development
Index scores in the world as a result of
low life expectancy lack of education
and income inequality Kenya is also rife
with human rights issues forced labor
child labor and sex trafficking are a
huge problem sources say that most of
the city's prostitutes are below the age
of 18 and in some areas a third of the
girls must resort to sex work refugees
from Somalia and other nearby countries
are also forced into prostitution and
hard labor but with Kenya's attempts at
securing peace in the region how does it
stack up against neighboring countries
militarily
well Kenya ranks among the top ten most
powerful African militaries but Kenya's
immediate neighbor Ethiopia is almost
exactly twice as powerful and the go-to
armed force in the region their other
neighbor Uganda is also quite a bit more
powerful in that regard but the Kenyan
military is us-supplied and
strategically relevant which is why
they're regularly used for UN
peacekeeping missions
they're currently assisting Somalia in
the fight against terrorist group
al-shabaab so where does Kenya rank as a
nation well on the one hand they've been
listed by Forbes as one of the next
seven developing countries on a fast
track to economic prosperity and with in
East Africa they are certainly a
dominating force but compared to the
rest of the world the combination of
human rights abuses an average military
and lapses in education and living
standard means that Kenya doesn't rank
as a world power thousands of African
immigrants die when trying to cross the
Mediterranean Sea into Europe each year
to learn how one couple is seeking to
rescue those in danger
make sure you check out this video most
of them were fleeing brutal conflicts in
their home countries like one pregnant
woman from Somalia whose brother was
reportedly killed by the terror group
al-shabaab there's a link in the
description to see the full story thank
you so much for watching test-tube
