this episode is brought to you by aj+
recently the FDA gave the go-ahead for
two new types of genetically engineered
foods apples that resists browning and
potatoes that resist bruising these are
examples of genetically modified
organisms or GMOs although there has
been a lot of debate about GMOs lately
the FDA claims that these new GM apples
and potatoes are as safe and nutritious
as their conventional counterparts so
what are the pros and cons of the GMO
food controversy well let's first
explore what GMOs are every living thing
has genetic instructions or DNA which
tell the organism cells how to replicate
if you change those genes or splice them
with new ones different traits can be
expressed like adding fish genes to
Tomatoes which will make the plant more
tolerant to cold and others have added
genes to make drought tolerant or pest
resistant plants because a farmer's
livelihood is so susceptible to weather
changes famine and blight many use GMOs
to secure reliable crop yields and
profits year over year but GMO seeds are
pricey because big agricultural
businesses like Monsanto have been able
to maintain control over much of the
genetically modified seed industry with
restrictive patents so why do so many
people oppose GMOs well anti GMO critics
cite health and environmental concerns
they worried that there's not enough
research on GMOs and we don't know the
long-term consequences of modifying the
DNA of our food others worry about the
unnatural mixing of the genes of
different species as an added concern
pesticides specifically associated with
GMO crops are reportedly connected to
the national uptick in gluten allergies
but on the other hand as one Swiss
report found the real choice is between
genetically modified crops and current
conventional pests and weed management
practices which are known to have their
own problems additionally there are a
plenty of reports out there that don't
find GMOs harmful one study compared
animals that were fed normal or
genetically modified food over the
course of almost 20 years and found that
there was virtually no difference
however it's important to note that many
of these studies are funded by pro GMO
interests but some of the most well
known scientists like neil degrasse
tyson and bill nye this
Skai have come out in support of GMOs
the fact is plants and animals have been
genetically modified through human
selection for thousands and thousands of
years and that's why we have
domesticated farm animals and high-yield
crops like wheat and corn but the
biggest fear is now that the process of
genetic modification is evolving so
quickly researchers don't have time to
study the long term effects but besides
the fear of trusting corporations with
the safety and quality of our food at a
genetic level the argument against GMOs
Falls a little flat if you want to dive
deeper into the debate and what
proponents and critics of GMOs are
actually saying make sure you check out
this video from our friends at aj+ there
are GMO crops on half of u.s.
agricultural land maybe you don't care
but most of you do only 37% of you the
general public is cool with GMOs
even when 88% of scientists pulled say
there's nothing to worry about
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
