on march 9th 47 Republican senators sent
a letter to Iran interfering with the
United States ongoing nuclear
negotiations the letter created a
firestorm with some even accusing
Congress of treason so we want to know
if those congressmen break the law well
first of all the letter addressed to the
leaders of Iran was basically a short
American civics lesson in at the
Senators cautioned that any agreement on
Iran's weapon program will be seen as
nothing more than an executive agreement
and once Obama's out of office the next
president could easily revoke such an
agreement because the letter
circumvented the executive branch some
media pundits say Congress broke the law
and committed treason by interfering
with u.s. foreign policy but many law
experts say that the charge just
wouldn't stick there are several reasons
why first of all the Logan Act which
Congress allegedly violated was passed
in 1799 it bans any citizen from
corresponding with a foreign government
without the authority of the United
States but no one has been successfully
indicted under it since 1803 because the
Logan Act is considered outdated it's
likely that the First Amendment which
protects free speech would supersede a
treason charge also in 1975 the u.s.
Department of State made it clear that
nothing in the Logan Act would restrict
members of Congress from engaging in
discussions with foreign officials so
the statute doesn't really apply to them
despite all this there is a publicly
circulated petition with nearly 200,000
signatures calling for charges against
the Senators and their letter was also
criticized by Iran their foreign
minister called it a propaganda ploy and
imply that the legislators didn't
understand international law or their
own Constitution although there may not
be any legal repercussions for the
congressmen there has been significant
political backlash you probably know who
Jon Stewart is but have you ever
wondered why the media has no Republican
equivalent on our news show seeker we
take a look at why this might be the
case and you can check it out here a
large part of Jon Stewart's repertoire
involved highlighting the ridiculousness
of outdated social policies like it or
not American conservatism has always
been
force interested in keeping such
policies in place in fact that's the
very definition of conservative holding
to traditional values and cautious about
change or innovation if you want to take
a look at that full video there's a link
in the description thank you for
watching test-tube
