this episode is brought to you by aj+
last month italian police arrested the
head of the largest and most profitable
mafia in italy and while chances are
you've never heard of the Andromeda
family their yearly revenue is estimated
to equal three percent of Italy's GDP
some may think that nowadays the Mafia
only exists in Godfather reruns but
organized crime around the world brings
in a ton of cash and wields significant
influence so how powerful is the Mafia
and who are the main players well the
most powerful mafia group in the world
is generally considered to be the
Japanese Yakuza particularly the
pre-world War two Yamaguchi Gumi
syndicate which reportedly boasts nearly
35,000 members and in 2014 was estimated
to bring in nearly 80 billion a year
like other mafias they deal in gambling
prostitution extortion and above all
drugs 35% of their income is said to
come from drug trafficking in Japan in
2012 the United States imposed sanctions
on the Yamaguchi Gumi top leadership as
part of a transnational crime crackdown
which included other powerful criminal
groups around the world in Russia a
relatively new mafia from the 1980s
known as the souls of skaia Brotherhood
is considered the most dangerous and
largest group of the numerous Russian
mafias with membership in the thousands
due to post-soviet rise of criminal
Russian oligarchs the Brotherhood is
especially influential because of their
ties with top government officials a
wiki leak document revealed that they
are even protected by the post KGB
Security Agency the FSB their primary
sources of revenue are money laundering
drugs and car theft the most famous
mafia is the Cosa Nostra out of Sicily
but despite their well-known status much
of their top leadership is behind bars
and suspected members are closely
watched as a result by the late 1990s
most of the Cosa Nostra's connections
had been transferred to the Andromeda
family including their extensive drug
trade today the Andromeda controls 80%
of the cocaine imported into Europe a
2013 crime study estimated that the
various Italian mafias collectively
brought in 33 billion dollars according
to the United Nations Office on Drugs
and Crime transnational criminal
activity accounted for nearly a trillion
dollars worth of Revenue in 2009 or 1.5
percent of the glue
GDP there are a large number of active
and interconnected mafia type
organizations in the world with
different hierarchies spheres of
influence and dangerous repercussions
you've probably heard us talking about a
ton of awesome new stuff we've been
working on lately
well seeker is finally here head over to
secret Network comm to see all of the
inspiring stories curious questions epic
adventures these things come from all
over the planet there is a link at the
very top of the description that will
take you straight there so stop
listening to me and go check out seeker
Network comm now if you are listening
still thank you for watching test-tube
please subscribe
