two of the world's largest banks have
come under scrutiny in the last few
years for alleged unscrupulous business
practices in Switzerland
so what shady things have these banks
been accused of and how does it affect
you well first of all the Swiss banking
law in 1934 made it a criminal act for
banks to reveal the name of its account
holders this came in handy for Jews
during World War two when they were able
to hide funds from the Nazis but the
banks have since become an infamous tax
haven for the global elite the UBS or
the United Bank of Switzerland and the
london-based HSBC short for the Hongkong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation are
some of the world's largest banks which
have benefited from the 1934 law UBS
accounts and Swiss HSBC accounts have
been held by the internationally wealthy
including many celebrities politicians
royalty corporate executives and
families with old money it's safe to say
that both banks have had their share of
run-ins with the law over the years the
UBS and other Swiss banks were accused
in the 1990s of keeping unclaimed World
War two wealth to themselves including
things stolen by the Nazis and in the
2000s the UBS the HSBC and their
affiliates were required to pay hundreds
of millions of dollars in restitution
and penalties for unsavory business
practices these infractions have
included mists selling products to
elderly customers lending bank names and
logos to fraudulent pension funds being
involved in the Enron collapse and a
huge Ponzi scheme that cost investors
600 million dollars
lately because of whistleblowers from
inside the HSBC and the usb authorities
have been made aware of alleged tax
evasion schemes created by the banks
themselves in order to help their
clients hide money tax evasion can
negatively affect the majority of the
world while benefiting an elite minority
regular taxpayers like you and me need
to chip in more money to compensate for
tax evaders a 2012 report from the Tax
Justice Network estimates that
conservatively between 21 and 32
trillion dollars goes unreported from
the world's wealthiest people money
which is stored in tax havens like the
ones allegedly offered by certain Swiss
banks the UBS says that it has since
amended its policies and takes regulator
accusations very seriously the HSBC made
a similar sentiment and reports that it
has refocused and re-evaluated business
practices many other banks have also
settled with government regulators for
huge sums of money and they pledged to
do better back in 2011 a g20 summit
report declared that the era of bank
secrecy is over however with the recent
Swiss bank controversies it appears
that's not the case corporations have
also found ways to avoid paying their
taxes as well to learn about one such
loophole check out our video here
corporations love paying less in taxes
one way to do that is by switching their
corporate domicile to a country with a
lower tax rate it's called corporate
inversion and it's easy to do for all
the latest test-tube please subscribe
