for the 2016 fiscal year President Obama
officially proposed a fourteen billion
dollar budget dedicated to protecting
the government from cyber crime recently
there have been massive data breaches
from many large companies so who are
these hackers and what are they doing
with the stolen data computer hackers
are people who use their computer coding
knowledge to bypass security measures on
other machines or websites there are
many reasons why they choose to hack but
often times it's for profit experts
suggest that there are robust economies
in place in Eastern Europe for stolen
information social security numbers
credit card numbers and addresses are
the most sought-after information on the
black market according to the rand
report on cybercrime
the black market can be more profitable
than the illegal drug trade
research shows that retail stores and
social media are even more targeted
today than banks some of the largest
security breaches recently have affected
household names and merchandise
suppliers and online sharing websites
there is also cyber espionage in 2014
the FBI confirmed that China topped the
list as the most prolific hacker nation
the Chinese government targeted American
information systems and trade secrets
which they then used to their own
economic advantage in a landmark case in
May 2014 the u.s. formally charged five
Chinese military hackers with cyber
espionage President Obama has called the
cyber threat one of the most serious
economic and national security
challenges we face as a nation
at the top of the FBI cybers most-wanted
list our men and women from Eastern
Europe Russia China and even the United
States the top criminal who posted fake
ads online for cars that never existed
managed to make three million dollars
before the FBI shut down his operation
he's currently wanted for 1 million
dollars a report from the Center for
Strategic and International Studies or
CSIS claims that cyber crime cost the
global economy more than 400 billion
dollars annually the United States is
one of the most targeted countries the
CSIs also estimates that 200,000
American jobs are lost every year
because of criminal hacking there are
way more Americans on terrorist
watchlist than you might think but do
these lists actually work and how are
they supposed to check out this video to
learn all about it security information
isn't just limited to an individual
suspect gathering personal information
on family friends and acquaintances is
common
thank you for watching and please
subscribe
