in the first month of 2015 3 separate
high-ranking United States government
officials made headlines after being
publicly accused of accepting bribes in
September one of them the now ex
governor of Virginia was convicted on
these charges though he still insists
that he never ever betrayed his oath of
office and is accepting gifts was just
business as usual in our lobby heavy
political system so where is the line
between lobbying and bribery the
distinction between lobbying and bribery
is largely semantics a bribe elicits an
influence which is bought and paid for
for example I'm gonna give you this
money and you are going to vote my way
that is illegal lobbying gifts and
fundraising on the other hand isn't
supposed to guarantee a particular
response I'm going to give you money but
you are under no obligation to vote my
way I'm just paying to gain access to
you that act is totally legal under our
political system legal but not without
its problems there was always the
possibility that lobbyists could
withhold their contributions for the
next campaign if their needs are not met
in this one this is of course only
implied but as the rules regulating
lobbyists are loosened this implication
gained strength and the US Supreme Court
decided in 2010 and 2014 to eliminate
some of the caps on donations from
lobbyists critics worried that as
donations grow in size the implied
threat of losing them may wield more
influence ex-president Jimmy Carter has
called the 2010 Supreme Court decision
stupid constituting legal bribery of
candidates and even if politicians are
being illegally influenced by donors
proving it is difficult a politician can
always claim to have voted a certain way
purely by their own choice and not
because of a donors influence where
politicians get into trouble is when a
distinct pattern emerges from that
politician being paid by a donor and
then immediately acting to benefit that
donor in that case some juries will
convict that's what happened to the ex
governor of Virginia Bob McDonnell in
January 2015 he was sentenced to prison
for accepting luxury gifts and free
vacations from a single donor in
exchange for political access and
influence the FBI has also caught more
than a few politicians through sting
operations in 2005 Louisiana Congress
William J Jefferson was caught on video
accepting $100,000 cash bribe Jefferson
received the longest prison term for
corruption ever for a US congressman 13
years so does that mean our system is
corrupt no comparatively speaking the US
isn't all that bad
transparency international a
non-governmental nonpartisan
organization which ranks corruption has
the u.s. listed as 17th on their list in
behind Denmark and New Zealand but still
well above other nations like China and
Russia were one hundredth and 136th
respectively
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
