with an estimated 2.4 million people
behind bars the United States reportedly
incarcerates more people than any other
country
according to a recent Supreme Court
ruling overcrowding is creating unsafe
unsanitary and violent conditions while
medical and mental health care is being
compromised so how did we get here why
are so many US citizens in prison over
the last 40 years the prison population
in the US has risen by 700 percent this
is largely due to changes in drug
sentencing laws that started in the
1970s the zero tolerance narcotic
policies resulted in a dramatic increase
in prison numbers nearly half of federal
inmates and 16 percent of state inmates
are locked up on drug-related charges
long sentences and mandatory minimums
are also a factor many states have
variations on the three strikes law
where repeat offenders automatically
receive life sentences for the third
felony rules have stayed in place
despite studies showing that longer
prison sentences and higher
incarceration rates have little effect
on reducing crime
these policies disproportionately affect
minorities according to the n-double
a-c-p about 15% of the male prison
population is made up of
african-americans and Hispanics yet
these minorities make up only a quarter
of the American population racial
minorities are more likely to be
arrested and convicted and once
convicted they often face harsher
sentencing than their white counterparts
a more recent development affecting
prison overcrowding has been the growing
number of privatized institutions
for-profit companies now run many
prisons in the US these companies are
typically contracted by the government
on the strength of affirmations that
they will uphold the rights and welfare
of inmates all while saving taxpayers
money however a 2013 report from the
anti privatization group in the Public
Interest recently investigated these
prison contracts out of a total of 62
contracts more than half had quota
stating that prisons must have an 80 to
100 percent occupancy at all times if
the state local governments failed to
meet the quota they often pay thousands
sometimes millions in taxpayer money for
unused beds which means it's in the
state's interest to keep prisons full
regardless of whether or not crime rates
are falling according to the report
Louisiana for example is locked into
prison contracts with some of the high
occupancy quotas in the country earning
the nickname of the world's prison
capital it's reported they have an
incarceration rate nearly five times
Iran's and thirteen times China's this
is partially because in addition to
private companies Louisiana sheriff's
are reportedly also profiting off of
prisoners in the early 1990s the state
encouraged sheriff's to build more local
jails in order to reduce overcrowding in
return they would receive cash
incentives now according to The Times
Picayune there are more inmates in local
jails than its des prisons despite the
fact that the state offers better
reentry programs
overcrowding has been exacerbated by the
lack of a nationwide mental illness
support system the
deinstitutionalization of mental health
care in the 60s and 70s left many
patients with nowhere to go
now more than half of the prison
population is made up of those with a
history of mental health problems most
experts agree that major prison reforms
are needed on a state and national level
and programs have attempted to rebalance
drug sentencing laws but as long as
prisons are still working on a
for-profit model companies and states
will benefit from arresting and
detaining US citizens although it's
different in every state the death
penalty is still a hotly debated issue
check out this video from our friends at
dnews to learn more about the debate
another centerpiece of the 216 page
report is a discussion about executing
the innocent you know just casual dinner
chatter and be sure to subscribe we
released new videos 6 days a week thanks
for watching
you
