in December 2014 jihadi militants
launched an attack on a school in
northwestern Pakistan killing an
estimated 148 people
132 of which are presumed to be children
the Pakistani Taliban claimed
responsibility for the attack against
the school announcing it as a revenge
for a six-month military campaign
against the terrorist group with the
country's armed forces focused on
preventing another attack from Pakistani
Taliban the world is left wondering who
exactly is this militant group what do
they want with Pakistan the Taliban
presence they're known as tarik e to
Laban Pakistan or TTP for short was
founded by the late jihadi commander
baytullah
Mesut the commander was among many
Pakistani militants who had fought
alongside the Afghan Taliban when they
seized control of Kabul in the late 90s
when the extremist group was
subsequently rousted from Kabul by US
forces in 2001 may sued and other
Pakistani militants fled back across the
afghan-pakistan border it was during
this time that the small group of
Fighters started to Train anyone who
shared their ideology today the group is
headed by Ljubljana
fazlullah from a stronghold located in
North Waziristan like the Afghan Taliban
this group is predominantly made up of
Pashtun tribal people who are spread
across Afghanistan northwestern Pakistan
but whilst the Afghan Taliban is a
cohesive army the Pakistani Taliban is
more of an umbrella organization
encompassing around 30 militant groups
which with so many different opinions
can mean the TTP are not as effective as
their Afghan counterparts the two
talibans were up until recently common
allies however this alliance may be in
trouble after the Peshawar attack one
Afghani Taliban spokesman denounced the
incident saying the intentional killing
of innocent people women and children
goes against the principles of Islam so
without the backing of one of their
biggest allies should Pakistan be
concerned about further attacks and
ultimately the TTP seizing control prior
to the school attack in Peshawar
analysts had argued that for over a
decade the Pakistani military had not
taken enough effective action to combat
the TTP but the national outpouring of
grief over the death of 132 children is
palpable in the aftermath of the tragedy
hundreds of Pakistani protesters
convened on the red
skinned islamabad to demand that one of
the area's most influential religious
leaders should publicly condemn Taliban
in response to the public outcry the
government has responded by launching
military attacks against the TTP and
lifted a six-year moratorium on hanging
convicted terrorists the public are
hopeful that this action will weaken the
Taliban's hold over the country Pakistan
is at a crossroads with the potential
for real change however experts note
that if the country loses focus the TTP
may take the opportunity to regroup and
strike again to learn more about what
the Islamic state under Sharia law could
look like check out this video now in
Arabic Sharia is roughly translated to
pass the watering hole
it refers to a system meant to control
aspects of its followers lives and thank
you so much for watching we release new
videos 6 days a week please subscribe
