the Senate Intelligence Committee just
released a long-awaited report on the
CIA's torture techniques after 9/11 the
report has caused tension between the
CIA Congress and the White House and
there is some concern that the reports
release will spark more anti-american
sentiment around the world so what
exactly is in this report we all know
that the CIA was authorized to torture
suspected terrorists during this time
period but this newest report found that
the CIA tortured more people in more
brutal ways than they previously
admitted and that they got less
information out of these interrogations
than they previously led the public to
believe detainees were kept in
conditions compared to dungeons deprived
of sleep for up to a week unnecessarily
fed rectally and subjected to sexual
physical and mental abuse at the time a
CIA director was instructed to keep the
publicly acknowledged number of
prisoners at 98 but the report found
that at least a hundred and nineteen
people were detained 26 of which were
wrongfully held the CIA also grossly
under reported the amount of
waterboarding they claimed that only
three detainees were waterboarded but
the report found evidence suggesting
that waterboarding was used on more than
that they clearly downplayed and even
lied about their activities but it's the
lies they told about their results that
is now being seen as the bigger issue
the report claims that the CIA's
excessive and brutal torture methods did
not produce any information that
couldn't have been obtained through
other means the report discredited 20
different torture cases deemed
successful by the CIA most of the
information that was extracted through
torture was already given to the CIA
from other sources while other
information were just lies given by the
prisoners to stop the torture the report
concluded that CIA torture during this
time period did not produce any
information that led to lives being
saved the report also found that the
entire program was highly mismanaged the
CIA contracted a company run by two
psychologists to organize and
orchestrate their torture program these
psychologists had no prior experience
with interrogation techniques no
experience in counterterrorism and did
not speak the language of the people
they were in charge of interrogating in
exchange for setting up and running
their torture program
which has been called sadistic and
terrifying by one member of the CIA
these contractors were paid 81 million
dollars the report also showed that the
CIA trained and staffed their facilities
with numerous soldiers who had
previously admitted to or were
disciplined for sexual assaults anger
management issues or engaging in
inappropriate interrogations this led to
various incidents of mistreatment
including death and mistakenly torturing
two CIA informants in response to the
report the CIA released their rebuttal
defending their use of torture however
they also admit to mismanagement at
multiple levels and inflating the
importance of some information gained
through torture whether you agree with
President George W Bush that torture is
an effective way to protect your country
or with Senator John McCain who feels
that torture does more harm than good
the facts of the report show that the
CIA misled the public and the government
our country's government has been
grappling with how to deal with longtime
prisoners in Guantanamo Bay for years if
you would like to learn more about the
issues there take a look at our video
explaining the situation so why hasn't
the United States closed Guantanamo yet
well the big reason is they simply don't
know what to do with all of the
prisoners and thanks for watching
test-tube please subscribe
