North Korea and China have sustained a
close relationship for more than half a
century 1949 they first recognized each
other diplomatically and in 1950 China
helped North Korea out militarily they
share a border that runs over 1,400
kilometers and frequent trade partners
so exactly how strong is the current
relationship between China and North
Korea well in 1961 both nations signed
the sino North Korean Treaty of
Friendship Cooperation and mutual
assistance which made them official
allies this treaty has since been
extended once in 1981 and then again in
2001 as it stands now the Treaty of
Friendship won't expire until the year
2021 both nations have a history of
taking this treaty very seriously China
who sits on the UN Security Council has
a history of vetoing any UN activity
that would negatively impact North Korea
the two countries also share a strong
trade relationship about 67 percent of
all North Korea's exports go to China
and over 61 percent of all its imports
come from China these numbers soar above
their next two closest trade partners
South Korea and India at times
China has also been the chief provider
of food and energy to North Korea
obviously North Korea appears to be
benefitting more from this relationship
in China so what is China get out of all
of this well for one they get a buffer
zone between them and us allied South
Korea where tens of thousands of
American military soldiers are stationed
plus China is already dealing with a
North Korean refugee problem in fact
they had to put up a barbed wire fence
in 2006 to stem the tide of refugees the
fear now is that if North Korea were to
collapse China would have to deal with a
large wave of refugees so it's in their
best interest to keep North Korea going
but there are major signs that this
relationship is changing most of which
involve North Korea's nuclear weapons
program after North Korea conducted its
third nuclear test
China publicly condemned their actions
China also allowed a UN resolution
against the North Korean tests refusing
to use their veto power on North Korea's
behalf according to some experts this
marks a significant rupture in China's
alliance with North Korea
since then both countries have sent more
military to their shared border North
Korea reportedly sent tanks armored
infantry sharpshooters and rocket
launchers even with the tensions many
thing chana will always bail out and
support North Korea but leaked documents
may show that isn't necessarily the case
the documents outline a plan for dealing
with North Korean leaders military and
civilians after the fall of their
country add to this a planned fourth
North Korean nuclear test and their
decades-long friendship may finally come
to an end if you'd like to know more
about the relationship between North
Korea and South Korea go watch our
episode on their reunification in order
for everything to work North Korea's
national income would have to be raised
from about $1,200 a year up to ten
thousand dollars a year
thanks for watching and please subscribe
