this episode of test-tube is brought to
you by the buypower card from capital
one every purchase brings you closer to
a new Chevrolet Buick GMC or Cadillac
vehicle the North Pole is over five
million square miles in size and could
potentially contain more than 13% of the
world's oil reserves due to melting
IceCaps
it is also a region that's becoming more
and more accessible so who owns the
North Pole and who has the rights to
those natural resources well as it
stands now no one owns or holds
political sovereignty over the North
Pole but Russia Canada the u.s. Denmark
and Norway have laid claim to part if
not all of it Russia even went so far as
to send a diving team in 2007 to plant a
Russian flag on the seafloor underneath
the pole and there are reports that
they've beefed up their military
presence in the northernmost parts of
the country to further establish that
claim so is that it does the country
with the most flags and lonely soldiers
and long johns get to claim the North
Pole for themselves
no that may work with uninhabited and
unclaimed land but the North Pole isn't
even land it's just ice floating in
international waters and there's a
governing body that makes decisions
about international waters the United
Nations their law of the sea Convention
which was ratified in 1994 establishes
guidelines for who owns which parts of
the ocean to put it into basic terms
each nation owns the natural resources
of any water or land under that water so
long as it's within 200 nautical miles
of their Shores or up to 300 nautical
miles of their continental shelf this is
called their exclusive economic zone the
problem with the North Pole is that it's
covered in ice and we don't know exactly
what the continental shelf underneath it
looks like or what melting ice may
uncover there are already a few specks
of land in the area whose ownership is
under dispute we also don't know which
sections of the North Pole will become
trade routes trade routes are largely
treated as international waters and
allow for free and unencumbered passage
by all nations so Canada for example may
have difficulty claiming the Northwest
Passage because other nations are
already insisting that it is a valuable
trade route that can't
be blocked all of these issues and more
have to be addressed and reviewed by the
UN before a country can establish
ownership to the North Pole and putting
together a claim and then getting it
approved is an extremely lengthy process
so the North Pole will most likely
remain in dispute for some time thanks
again to this episode of test-tube
sponsor the buypower card from capital
one every purchase on the card brings
you closer to a new Chevrolet Buick GMC
or Cadillac vehicle for more episodes of
test-tube please click now and don't
forget to subscribe it's the best way to
get these videos to you every day
