a few weeks ago a man with a knife
jumped the White House fence ran through
the front door of the White House and
passed one Secret Service member before
finally being stopped by another
off-duty agent deep inside the
building's interior he was able to do
this in part because a white house alarm
had been disabled by the Secret Service
due to a noise complaint by a member of
the White House staff since then
numerous other missteps and failures
within the Secret Service have come to
light and Julia Pierson the head of the
Secret Service Department has stepped
down so what's going on over there and
more importantly is the president's life
in danger
well a quick rundown of events is pretty
alarming since Obama took office there
have been eight highly publicized
Secret Service slip-ups including two
unauthorised infiltrations of the White
House this most recent incident and one
involving a DC couple who snuck into one
of Obama's first state dinners as a
publicity stunt
the White House has also been shot at
and hit with bullets from a
semi-automatic weapon we know this
because a maid found broken glass a full
four days after the incident which
brought the whole thing to the attention
of the Secret Service who at the time
had no idea that any of this had even
happened eight secret service members
have lost their jobs over allegations
surrounding a Colombian hooker party
they threw while doing advance work for
a presidential trip to Colombia the then
head of the Secret Service retired a few
months later many say in response to the
scandal another secret service agent
tried to force his way into a woman's
hotel room to retrieve a live bullet
that he'd accidentally left there a
follow-up investigation also revealed
that the agent along with a supervisor
had sent sexually suggestive emails to a
female subordinate the supervisor was
fired and the agent was reassigned
another three agents were placed on
leave for violating Secret Service rules
while protecting the president in
Amsterdam namely they got drunk one of
the agents was reportedly passed out in
a hotel hallway and to top it all off in
September 2014 the Secret Service a lot
of security contractor with a gun and an
assault record to ride in an elevator
with the president a fact they only
realized later when the man was fired
for acting erratically around the
president
that is a long list of incidents in a
relatively short period of time and
taken as a whole they imply a rather
large problem with discipline and
protocol and the Secret Service but does
that really mean the president's life is
in danger
well yes the president is always in
danger these incidents just highlight
that fact and call for closer scrutiny
of the agency that exists for the sole
purpose of protecting him to see more
videos for me go check out my other show
dnews click now to see my dnews episode
on climate change and how that will
affect countries all around the world
last week the UN hosted their climate
summit in New York City to establish a
plan for reducing carbon emissions it's
a hefty topic with a lot of political
discussion surrounding it but one of the
discussions you don't often hear is how
climate change will actually affect
people in different countries around the
world
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so please subscribe
