the United States along with coalition
members recently launched a series of
air strikes against terrorist groups in
Syria most of these strikes were against
Isis but the u.s. also targeted a lesser
known terrorist organization called the
Khorasan group so who are they and why
were they targeted the Khorasan group is
a radical Islamist terrorist
organization that may only be about 50
members strong they're made up of what
the Defense Department calls seasoned al
Qaeda veterans mostly from Afghanistan
and Pakistan and are now based in
Northwest Syria it is reported that they
have linked up with an al Qaeda group
from Yemen known for their bomb-making
abilities in fact the group has placed
bombs on US bound airplanes three
separate times though none were
successfully detonated the suspected
leader of the Khorasan group is a man
named Molson alf oddly who was
officially designated as a terrorist by
Saudi Arabia and the u.s. in 2005
he's a Kuwait born al-qaeda operative
who was close enough to Osama bin Laden
to be trusted with knowledge of the
September 11th attacks during the
planning stage he's been linked to
attacks on US Marines on falaka island
and the bombing of a French ship the US
State Department has put up a seven
million dollar reward for information
leading to his capture he's an
experienced fighter fundraiser and
organizer he may also be dead the
Pentagon is currently investigating
reports that alfaab Lee may have been
killed in the recent strikes on Syria so
what does the Khorasan group want well
unlike Isis whose primary goal is
gaining land inside of Iraq and Syria
the Khorasan group Skol is to attack
Western countries on Western soil it is
reported that they want to recruit
Westerners through social media trained
them in Syria then send them back home
to carry out attacks the idea being that
Westerners with valid passports would
have an easier time entering their home
countries the recent increase in
security at airports and the new airport
ban on uncharged cell phones on certain
us-bound flights are directly linked to
the course on group 1 intelligence
source told CNN that they have been
experimenting with bombs that could
evade airport security such as clothing
dipped in
materials one Lieutenant General said
that the Khorasan group was nearing the
execution phase of an attack on a
western country which is why the United
States felt they had to attack
immediately
the reason why you hadn't heard about
the Khorasan group earlier is that the
u.s. wanted to keep this planned attack
a secret for as long as they possibly
could and their plan seems to have
worked the targeted bombings have
disabled many of the group's facilities
and may have even killed their leader if
you'd like to know more about the
situation in Iraq and Syria please click
now to see our episode on Isis and what
they want in Iraq their dream country it
would look something like this and it
would be called the Islamic state in
Iraq and Syria or Isis new videos five
days a week please subscribe
