the people of Scotland just voted no on
their secession referendum meaning that
they will remain a part of the United
Kingdom so that issue is settled for now
but there are still other secession
movements out there the following is
just a few of the other regions in the
world that would like to become
independent nations veneto italy with
its capital of venice has a growing
secession movement they like Scotland
have a unique culture language and
history of self-rule there were one of
the first Republic's in the modern world
and at one point controlled a
significant seafaring Empire they also
have a very strong economy and a case
for wanting financial independence from
Rome according to one Veneto
secessionist group they need au sends
around 71 billion euros a year to the
central Italian government but only gets
back around fifty billion euros in the
form of social or other services the
movement as it currently stands is in
its infancy but the highest official in
the Venetian region is from the
secessionist northern league party and
as such he supports the movement though
there's no current plan or referendum in
place he has said that the will for
secession is growing Catalonia in Spain
has a strong secessionist movement along
the same lines as Veneto they have their
own unique culture and language and our
prosperous economic hub Barcelona is
their largest city they're all so tired
of economically supporting the poorer
regions of their nation but unlike
Veneto
Catalonia had a referendum scheduled and
we're planning on moving forward with a
vote on secession until the Spanish
Parliament blocked it in protest 1.8
million people formed a V in the streets
of Barcelona on September 11th the 300th
anniversary of the Spanish conquest of
Catalonia Catalan is trying again this
week to win the right to hold a
referendum but Spain will most likely
move to block that as well because Spain
needs Catalonia to remain a part of the
country in order to stay afloat
financially not only are they unwilling
to lose Catalonia according to some
reports Spain also wants to take back
land previously lost places like
Gibraltar and endora from what we can
tell now Catalonian secession would be
aggressively fought by the Spanish
government but the movement still exists
in the region and it too could be
growing Quebec Canada also had a
secession movement this is led by the
french-speaking populations of Quebec
and designed to protect their French
influence culture the main secession
Party was trounced in the elections in
2014 and the referendum for secession in
1995 was strongly opposed by the non
French english-speaking population
of Quebec but we're including the
movement here because that 1995
referendum only lost by one percentage
point so the possibility of secession
was very real and he never know what the
future holds in situations like this
Scotland may have put the issue of
secession to rest for now but you can
never know when or where a renewed
interest in secession could come from
next if you'd like to watch another
video on secession please click here now
to see our video on South Sudan and how
they successfully seceded from the rest
of Sudan it did this by having an
established cultural group in region a
history of being institutionally
marginalized an independent
representative system of government and
the economic means to establish and
protect their new state without
bankrupting the other state through
secession new videos five days a week
please subscribe
