presidential candidate Donald Trump has
a stake in hundreds of businesses
including hotels and golf courses around
the world well it's still unclear how
much the real estate mogul is actually
worth
there's no denying he's a wealthy man
what happens to all of trumps assets and
investments if he becomes the next
president of the United States will he
have to give up his businesses while in
office well it's complicated but the
answer is no legally speaking the Ethics
in Government Act of 1978 does not
require that the president sell or
change how they handle their private
businesses in fact only unelected
officials who serve in the executive
branch are prohibited from a business
based conflict of interest for example
the Treasury secretary under george w
bush had to sell off his goldman sachs
stock before taking office but the
president is exempt on the basis that
any business holding could be viewed as
a conflict of interest since the
president holds the highest office and
is assumed to have a hand in everything
instead of taking all the president's
business holdings we as the electorate
are expected to trust the person we
elect not to act as honestly still if
elected Trump would be at the very least
legally required to disclose all of his
holdings companies and business
relationships historically in order to
maintain propriety presidents have put
their investments in a blind trust which
is run by a third party without
involvement by the president since the
1960s most presidents have done so but
the problem with blind trust is that
it's really hard to make sure they're
blind and there's a big complication
when it comes to Trump his name since
his largest source of income is his
brand name it would be impossible for
Trump not to notice which buildings and
businesses licenses name after
transferring ownership of it to a blind
trust also if his children run the trust
as he said they will it would obviously
be far from blind without Trump selling
off the entire Trump organization and
removing his children from the company
as well conflicts of interest that exist
can't truly be mitigated this is
potentially a huge problem especially
concerning Trump's unique political and
business relationships take South Korea
for example Trump recently said that the
country should handle its own military
defense without any US aid including the
development of nuclear weapons but in
past business dealings in South Korea
Trump partnered with Daewoo engineering
and construction a company involved in
nuclear energy hypothetically if Trump
is elected and follows through with his
push for nuclear development in South
Korea Daewoo engineering and
construction and therefore the Trump
Organization could potentially make an
enormous
profit and this is just one example of
potential foreign conflicts of interest
according to Newsweek Trump is allegedly
connected to business dealings in at
least 10 other countries including India
Russia Ukraine Brazil and Germany a New
York Times reports the Trump
Organization owes hundreds of millions
of dollars to the Bank of China and
Goldman Sachs but in truth we don't even
know the depth of his businesses and
possible conflicts since he hasn't
publicly released his financial
information in essence if elected we
have to trust that he would act in the
best interest of the United States
despite the apparent conflicts of
interest that would emerge as he engages
politically with former partners and
foes the 2016 election has been plagued
with scandals on both sides of the race
many questioned whether Hillary Clinton
is fit for the presidency to find out
why she's so controversial watch our
video at the top and if you're a fan of
pop culture and politics
click the video at the bottom and
subscribe to my channel newsy news
thanks for watching seeker daily please
make sure to keep coming back for news
every day
