the recent chaos in Ferguson Missouri
all stems from the shooting of Michael
Brown an unarmed african-american
teenager Brown was shot by an on-duty
police officer something that is
happening to unarmed people in the u.s.
way more often than it should most would
argue that it shouldn't happen at all
which brings up the question why are
police allowed to use lethal force let's
look first at when the police are
allowed and not allowed to use lethal
force the Fourth Amendment establishes
the right of the people to be secure in
their persons against unreasonable
searches and seizures this is the
wording in the Constitution that is
designed to protect you from police
brutality officers aren't allowed to use
unreasonable force when arresting you
and most of the time killing you falls
under the category of unreasonable force
I say most of the time because there are
two Supreme Court cases that have
established guidelines for when it is
legally permissible for police to use
lethal force they can use it to protect
their lives and the lives of others in
times of immediate danger and they can
use it to prevent a suspect from
escaping if the officer reasonably
believes that the suspect poses a
significant threat of death or serious
physical injury to the officer or others
in both scenarios what is reasonable is
based on the ideal of what any other
reasonable police officer would do in
the same situation of course what is or
isn't reasonable is always going to be a
gray area that answers the legal side of
the question but there are also
procedural aspects to consider as it
stands now police are trained to use
their firearm as a last resort
most police are also trained to aim for
center mass meaning the chest area where
vital organs like the heart and lungs
are located according to police
psychologist dr. bill Lewinsky officers
used to be trained to shoot and then
assess meaning an officer would let off
a round or two and then reassess the
threat before firing again nowadays most
officers are trained to fire and assess
at the same time which can result in
more shots being fired critics of these
tactics say that police are effectively
shooting to kill rather than shooting to
wound they want officers to aim for arms
and legs instead of torsos an idea most
police are adamantly against they argue
that shooting someone in the arm or leg
may not stop the threat
fast enough and police may not have
enough time composure or ability to aim
with that level of precision
thus aiming for anything other than
center mass increases the chances of
stray bullets hitting bystanders which
brings us to the ethical side of the
question is there any instance in which
murder should be allowed by the police
or any other law enforcement agency does
the perceived threat of a lone citizen
warrant a system in which another class
of citizens like police officers are
given the freedom to murder in other
countries police don't even carry
firearms why do they carry them in the
US at what point does the risk to human
life make it okay for police to kill if
you have thoughts on this please let us
know in the comments and please
subscribe to the channel it is the best
way to add our show to the list of
channels that you watch regularly
