Russia is currently involved in a
conflict with Ukraine the US is accusing
Russia breaking arms treaties and
they're being sanctioned by the
international community this were 50
years ago we'd be talking about clashing
superpowers and the potential for a
world ending war but it's not fifty
years ago
there is no Iron Curtain and Russia is
not the Soviet Union anymore is Russia
still even a superpower well let's start
with the big guns Russia still has a
huge nuclear arsenal of around 8500
warheads 1,800 of which are still
operational meaning they're ready to
fire at any moment that is a lot of
firepower but it's also firepower that
works only as a deterrent firing their
warheads at the US or anywhere else
would bring the same amount of
destruction back their way to be an
active mutual destruction so in a sense
their warheads are operational but not
actionable Russia has an estimated eight
hundred and forty five thousand active
duty troops that's closer in size to the
South Korean army than it is to the US
Army and their number of troops is
actually one of their stronger points
when you look at where those troops are
stationed though and what resources they
have access to that is where you find
Russia's true weaknesses outside of
their own borders Russia only has a
handful of active military bases
somewhere between 10 and 18 including
their base in Cuba which was recently
described as more of a weigh station
than a base by comparison the US has 598
military facilities outside of their
borders France has 11 meaning Russian
military Reach is actually closer to
France than to the US Russian army isn't
particularly well funded or well-armed
either the u.s. spent more than 600
billion dollars on defense last year
while Russia spent less than a hundred
billion dollars plus most of Russia's
equipment and military vehicles are just
holdovers from the Soviet era they do
however have more tanks than the US but
only 10% of the Russian army is even
equipped with modern weapons and that
may not change soon Russia's military
industrial complex completely collapsed
after the fall of the Soviet Union
Vladimir Putin is trying to build it
back up but things are moving slowly a
20-plus year low land production is hard
to make up for and in the field of
advanced weapons technology in
be impossible Russia is as President
Obama indicated this past March a
regional power not a super one to find
out more about Russia and their
involvement in Ukraine click now to see
our video on the crash of flight mh17
and how Russia may have to pay for their
involvement in it we can't say with any
certainty how this will impact the
conflict in Ukraine or international
relations but we can look back at other
similar incidents to see what their
impact was or click the other box to see
how much power the president actually
has remember we upload new videos five
days a week so please subscribe
you
