we recently did an episode on how some
states are enacting laws to discourage
and prevent u.s. citizens from voting
and one of those laws we pointed out
requires people to present a photo ID
when they go to vote in the comments
section exploded it was mainly people
just wanting to know why a requiring ID
was a bad thing
after all you needed to do pretty much
everything else so why not voting
well almost 11 percent of the u.s.
voting population does not have a photo
ID
that's 3.2 million people for me that
fact alone is enough to list voter ID
requirements as laws that stop people
from voting but let's take a look at who
those 3.2 million people without voter
ID actually are the majority of them
fall into four categories young adults
the elderly minorities and the poor 18
percent of all seniors and 25 percent of
African Americans don't have a picture
ID if photo ID requirements were enacted
in every US state almost a fifth of the
elderly population and a full quarter of
the African American population would
not be able to vote which begs the
question why can't they just get IDs the
people without IDs of the very same
people that don't have driver's licenses
so they can't just drive on down to the
DMV and pick up a photo ID card a lot of
them live in rural areas that are
nowhere near the closest DMV others may
not have driver's licenses because they
can't afford a car they also can't
afford to lose a day at work at the DMV
a place primarily known for wasting
people's time plus some states require a
birth certificate to get a state issued
photo ID while also requiring a photo ID
to obtain a birth certificate the law
also limits absentee voting which is how
seniors who are unable to make it to the
polls vote and that is the truly
alarming thing about voter ID laws we're
not talking about stopping people who
don't vote from boating we're talking
about stopping active voters from voting
the elderly are the most consistent
voters of any demographic minorities
voted in the 2008 presidential election
at virtually the same rate as non
minorities and that same year young
people ages 18 to 24 had the highest
turnout for that age group since 1992 so
is there an argument for requiring voter
ID
the number one reason given for wanting
it is to stop voter fraud supporters of
the law want everyone to show an ID so
that people can't just walk in off the
street
say any name they want and vote away
which would be a good reason to want
voters to have ID if that were happening
but it's not in fact according to the
Brennan Center at NYU School of Law this
type of voter fraud is less likely to
happen than death by lightning obviously
we want to keep our elections fair so we
shouldn't completely discount voter
fraud but this new law simply isn't a
good way to do that to see our original
episode on voter rights and the numerous
ways politicians on both sides of the
aisle are using them to disenfranchise
voters click here now those are just
some of the ways states are trying to
prevent you from voting and as of now
they're all perfectly legal and remember
we released five new videos every single
week so please subscribe it and you can
get them all right there and your
YouTube feed
